I shut printer down at 97 copies of PBS Kids site.
No one will own up.
OK, no more solo printing.
TRAFFIC  CRash  WB Belt just west of Monona doctorve  2 cars involved, blockage in the right lane
CST's...
oh how this and next week will be so long...
Girl look at dat body ;
February 23rd Breakfast Luna Bar Smores, Poland Springs Water
Love trying to guess the score of the game based on my twitter feed.
Usually am way off.
Well won't be watching Sportscenter for at least 23 days.
They won't shut up about the NFL bounty situation.
well I'm sitting here trying to plan stuff out and they keep changing it:/ I'm sorry I have a life
Old enough to be yo man y
Last day
Im Going To Make a Change .
Addendum to email: it's show producer Paul on doctorms, but definitely Belling on Antiguan TV and in restaurant Tshirt and hat
We are excited to welcome our newly appointed OEP National Liaison, Josh Watt from SCO!!
Oh, that's right.
I forgot it was that time of the month when something else had to go wrong with my car.
Awesome.
my life is so awesome...Lol
haha yea I do : actually I've been wanting to go watch it, but i haven't had the chance, I'm saving up money for Prom :D
Ha, unfortunately applies to 50 of Chileans RT : Hey, men wearing thumb rings and/or pinky rings: Nope.
showing its cool social media news release tool at real session at
Thank you Liz.
Hope your Sunday has been a blessed one.
:
Get yo big head a out the car  come on nigga!!
oh nice..
the bay can get cold though..
Great show by tonight at !
Putting turkey bacon in the oven while getting ready for work: Best business decision of the day!
Story is stuck in my head
o, these people are awesome....
thank you!
Clown professorle picture is brought to you by the year 1983, the Seafair Parade and my mom's sewing.
You're the man RT I decided today to get in internet fights with writers across America on behalf of Seattle.
Love this city.
Just when you think that your dirty little deed would go unnoticed......
NOT!
Everything comes to the light baby!
Hi my name is Alyssa.
3
coach where could u c Cowher coaching
you know what would make my day?
if would follow me?
: please?
Do you just ask?
and if so how do you get participation in an online survey?
or question.
So there's a Wilson Phillips reality show?
Who's next?
I want oomf to be mine already ..
looking forward to your tweets!
How's PT life?
you just told me you dont have any money.
I am not supporting you at the bars all year so you better get your shit together
let's hang tomorrow !!!!
it's a hotel; usually parties are held there after prom.
Ha!
Glad you were brave, maybe I'll work up the courage
My brother has the best sister!!
;
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Perhaps.
But the violence problem is why folks it's not a big story that Philly is radically changing its schooling model.
So the landscapers were a little too excited about getting before pictures prior to starting our backyard redo today.
Thanks....
Hoping to do business with you in the future!
One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments.
Henry Ward Beecher
Har har.
It would work though  give the people what they want, y'know.
I wanna go to sleep but I have homework.
It's my rule never to lose me temper till it would be dethrimental to keep.
Sean O'Casey 1926
Pacers trade to bring former star GeorgeHill home to
Scream: I LOVE YOU JUSTIN!
his concert
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS!
2012..
SEAN JOHN T SHIRTS?
RT : blago is at Freddy's.
We tracked him for over an hour as he circled around looking for a restaurant.
Going to get some fuel
A3 Recommend backing off.
If you have presented your potential value, they may think better of it later.
why do you do this to me Smash
Uk foreign policy and the continent of Europe
I hate a grown ass baby
hockey on tuesday.
the playoffs i think
Am I annoyed by remakes of movies like Dirty Dancing?
Yes.
Would I write it if they offered me the project?
Probably.
: woo!: uhmm if u guys r together it will be easiest!
good lord!
shouldn't u be done w ur classes soon?!
I feel like they should be over with by now!
U need a break b4 fall classes!
Mad because I fell asleep and missed the pfismysanctuary TT.
So I showed everybody in my class the ultra sound xD.
shout out to my new follower ...go follow!
GO!
WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE!...GO!!!
I Love You!!
Just Thought I'd Tell You That.
: 333
Danny Nucci was born on this day in 1968.
He was a mild teen idol.
He played Jack Dawson's friend in Titanic.
Watching Kourtney Khloe take Miami..
and on Khloe's radio show her cohost's name is Terrence.
: TERENCE how many r's?, six.
;
oh wouldn't everyone like to know.
:o
When is coming to newjersey/newyork..
Imissed them so bad
im toutin away...
Be my first follower!
Police having to direct traffic since Mifflin street isn't closed.
Students are worried someone will be hit by a car
Anyone Have any Interesting Crowd Sourcing Projects Up At the Moment?
This movie is so sad I'm bawling.
Each  every one of us has a baby Jesus inside of us.
What are you feeding Him...?
Curse words and cigarettes?
Complaints?
CIVIL WAR surgeon Mary Edwards Walker  OHIO CHAUTAUQUA, 6:30 pm, Coshocton Co Fairgrounds
RT : It's trivia night!
you need to come hang in Nashville sometime!
Attention AmericanU wonks ...
starting today DC cabs will be charging 1 gas surcharge.
The wmata never looked so good.
You're about right.
Who's ready for to be at HEB retweet if your from Texas
yep  they have no clue who they are themselves
ha ha.
Very clever.
watching my boy get his hair cut
RT I hope our Internet pipes don't freeze
Wow.
They announced our Michael Bay Pirates series last week.
Even though it doesn't air until 2014, it's already generating a lot of buzz.
I'm not perfect I'm just me I am special in my own way
what are we talking about here?
Great day hanging out with friends!
:
I now have a sun burn and poison ivy but it was worth it.
Newly Engaged Britney Spears Flaunts Her Ring Finger Bling Third time 's the charm, right Brit Brit?
Considering all Britney Spears has b
hivebuzz Check out Melo game winner
welcome to the world of
Is there an email velocity plugin for GMail?
Would love to see that, cause I feel like I'm killing it today.
Remember the world cup season when everyone suddenly becomes a football fan?
Welcome to Ramadhan.
Taught a great spin class this morning!
Love starting my day surrounded by people who want to be healthy!
thanks ma see you Saturday :

let me know if you need any help!
I was considering it.
If Iowa was a little closer to Idaho I'd definitely be there!
:
still held at the TPC La?
that's an awesome course..got to play it a few years back..glimpses of Stadium and Pine Harbour...
Thanks again for all your suggestions.
you are quite the music pro!
Can you DM me the info on the class?
All knowledge is connected to all other knowledge.
The fun is in making the connections.
Arthur Aufderheide
Thanks for the follow.
30 bucks a piece, 10 for the sense of humor.
since u wanna play private dick, ask em how long ago that was
Tonight!!
7p10p you can find us at UNLVino serving up some delicious art!

I think some do, some don't.
Only they know the relationship  circumstances.
Just keep trying I know he'll follow you!:
Twitter builds culture!
Tony Hsieh
whats the name of the christmas song?
I love it and you 3
I taught you everything you know in the 9th ward.
Towson Center ain't got nothin' on Nawlins.
Great catching up with you too  looking forward to more causemarketing conversations :
This saturday is a supermoon.
GF says if you ask the supermoon for a wish it will be granted providing the wish is pure of heart
and then I told her I said its cool get at me and then my voice got RASPY
You are so luck
That's awesome!
Tonight now till close 5 tall absolut cocktails, 3.5 X bombs and 1 PBR cans.
Put new lights on patio looks good
I will punch you, you are not my mother.
I see you P!!!
Make history today....
This!
: Nice job boys....go get some rest.
U earned it SportingKC.
I'm influential about Jessica Simpson on Klout?!
My dear friend has her SECOND book coming out tomorrow!!!
: go buy it!!!
super fun, thanks BB!
Hope all is well in Auburn!
Yes, it's definitely trouble...
two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
knows the private sector.
How to kill jobs in the private sector  make professorts by doing it.
Imagine it on a national scale.
Great piece...nice that the 5 a.m.
boss didn't expect responses.
Not all of them are that understanding.
Hunger games with fran, anthony, and zach :!!
My Motto For Today Is HDPB HardWork, Dedication, Prayers, And Belief Breeze DTA
Major Downtown Law Firm; 8090,000K Day Shift.
Behind the scenes on Let's Talk About Sex
TONIGHT IF YOUR IN HOLLYWOOD AREA CHECK ME OUT IN THE BELLY ROOM OF THE WORLD FAMOUS COMEDY STORE AT CRACKEM UP THURS PEACE N LOVE TO ALL
It's the big day wheretheboysat aye
please im begging u follow me ur the only one that i think would care about her true fans to follow them so please!!!
in what conversation that you have had w/him personally made you lose respect?
Based off something you heard 2nd hand?
RT : was AMAZING last night at !!
Tonight he takes over !!
Are you ready Miami ?!?!
np  lawrence arms 'butt sweat and tears' EP
NATO will be in Chicago, G8 will not.
I like to call 2BrokeGirls, Two and a Half Bitches.
To me Han is kind of a little bitch most of the time.
its pretty easy if you know what to doo.
If you need help let me know.
I did mine not to long ago
happy birthday !
Have a great one :
not on the westcoast
She got a ass so big like the sun 
Back from a rushed lunch mtg where i got to deliver a cake to a very happy client :
Finishing our 30 sec commercial.
Very difficult.
Too many disasters for half a minute!
.
...a spirit had told him to dig for treasure, and that's what he did for three days before becoming mired in dirt and water.
Let's go, Vandy!
I think I just put my first Pinterest Fail recipe in the oven.
I'll let you know.
Anybody can record events in street.
No media company should broadcast to the world without any ethical review.
I like You Your Funy.....
Being the tree: deeply rooted below and yet expanding towards the warmth of light.
Wonderful; yes!
Thanks for reminding us.

Rios's struggle to make 135 shouldn't be blamed on Garcia.
He trains and gets them ready to fight, not weigh ins.
Good to see last night
I'm sending u a crazy DOPE Bay record for Funky Fridays Rally Ral Something Kinda Funky Priority Records 1994!
stop and eat!
Ur missing the full belly on your list!
Why the fuck he didn't shoot?
Reinserted my SEPTUM piercing, may the sneezefest commence XD Funny all I had was a 14g green horseshoe..looks like a bugger Teehee
you rule
My mother has been obsessed with Pinterest for awhile now.
I looked and it's basically like Tumblr but without all the tits and gore right?
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Man In The Box
And Wisconsin just took one step back to the future by electing Doyle to the Assembly.
Sitting with
P.S.
I'm gonna tell you used 'your' instead of 'you're'...
Oh.
Nick Tahou's RUN.
Singular.
My mistake.
Exactly!
That's what I love about SM marketing; companies have to learn who they are beyond their services
I like your hair!
Thanks, I grew it myself.
sounds good!
it's going to be incredible, promise ;
I'm going from fat to fathletic!'  Adam H., 2 weeks after getting back into his CrossFit habit from an extended break
Saxophone dude on 6th now hitting Baker Street for second time
Duck fat fries!
I fear that I am hungry again.
did u followed me
Finished revising Dear Dios!
Now for 1 last readthru b4 sending it 2 Brit Laurén Manor.
Ah, I've got it bad  that ain't good Ella F.
Damn its been a long time since I won mister CHS, to this day that was still 1 of the happiest moments of my life.
love it lol
As we speak and are at demoing our new Cleveland Historical iPhone app.
Get over there!
Thanks for the folow
if he stays fit then he's a great squad player.too much time on the sidelines out injured.pity.
Hi, indeed!
Thanks for the follow!
just posted a comment on your facebook page!
Take care, Jerry
Ugh.
I feel sick.
Everytime tweets, so many people instantly retweet, even if they don't know what it means.
Crazy, right?
hm debatin ....
should i go out tonight ?!..........
i might jus stay in, smoke this cancer pole, fry some fish n go to sleep
this I've got to see!
One of my Bikram yoga instructors said something interesting yesterday during class: A smile is an antidote to a heavy heart.
Jogging 30 to 60 minutes a day!
Does it get any better?
of Course
tell me about it  I'm fucking dead girl 2 hours of sleep.
I can't imagine you and tho
it's got a schnazzy paint job
When I don't have to do the day job, I get so much writing, editing, socializing done.
Hm.
they lost your bag!?
I'm just an everyday American supporting the city I love.
Good to see you.
Bring it on.
Glo time for awesome girls!!
I'm def SO nervous 
Dems can't pass anything because of Repubs, Repubs can't pass anything because of the Tea Party and all TPs are Repubs!
There's Your Sign!
thanks for supporting the show!
On your way to the game stop buy for a great treat, sandwich, or cool doctornk its hot out and we've got just what you need...
It will be!
Can't wait!
Aldjdhagsdkglh if only he would be shirtless.
Here and now, my mind tells me it's my fault, but some part of tells me fuck you.
I tried.
Anywhoo getting ready to leave for school.
Byee
i think there are 2 wilco shows
at least, for once, it didn't poop on you
I'm in the processes of writing a novel that I hope to one day publish :
that was Kubbie ..
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down
I won't ask for anything , nothing.
I just want you to know.
you deserve the best ' I'm proud of you.
I love you Austin 3 :
We are so close!!!
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
Cool cool bhaha good to know.
Yeah reading is great I try to read a few pages before I go to bed every night
Yo i wanna be a misuse...i really looking towards that someday.
Im good at it .
What is going on with ATT?
Whay does it continue to be a trending topic?
At Larie Butler's funeral Monroe Co.
Legislator Willie Lightfoot called for more outrage over black on black crime
Interesting.
Where'd you get those numbers?
Yeah, we just like to make fun of him though XD Tiana
Yesouisisim Worldwide, end of a Wednesday means the start of another weekend!
Business man special today at the Brewers game today for this guy.
Just scored cheap seats from fansnap.
I am, but not at the moment.
Let's setup something for this week.
Love that my 7yo can hear 6 bars and know it's Adele...
Glad her voice is back!
Long sleeve rave shirt with shorts kind of day
Thanks for the RT!
inspirational!!!!
Congrats on such an awesome article.
Go Tony Go!!!!
Bait a hook
Thanks.
And thanks for giving our reporter a shout out as well!
I CAN'T WAIT TO HERE IT AGAIN AT 9:45 I AM CALLING THE RADIO STATION RIGHT NOW TOO:
I think Im Sam Hurd....
Larry Hoover...
Getting work...
hallelujah LOL!!
My are losing by 3:/
You are very right, sir!
Hey philly, RT if you are watching the !
Let's go boys!!
That's sound thinking  reasoning, precisely why NBA champions can't automatically be seen as world champs today
whose been to downtown Indy to check out the superbowl festivities?
Thank you very much for the kind words!
See you at any upcoming shows?
:
I want to slap the kid next to me so bad!
Why am I such a bad person?!
one can easily be a leader without being a church staff person.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis
i don't know if i'm getting them today , but yeahh , i'm getting them !
I was talking to Austin and you just randomly tweeted me..
I wish I was going!
How do I make my twitter stop spamming everyone?
I need help?
Oh and sorry!!
Ur relationship to the world is just as important as your relationship with others.
Either can bring disconnect or wholeness if u let it.
Douche canoe.
oy nothing worse than a sore booty after a long car ride.
I bet ....I bet he is.When you see the tren, speak slowly.
I like how we get to say 'professorssor' in college.
It makes me feel like Harry Potter.
RT : 1puss 2 puss 3 puss 4 to keep your sheets clean...beat the puss on the floor That's to funny!
Rotfl!
Taurus Moon sext.
Jupiter, opp.
Saturn, conj Jupiter: a great night for celebrating  dining well!
Luxurious feelings abound w eyes on over
The next Mars rover needs to land in Holden Crater as it has potential to be a human landing site as well, worth checking out
Rebecca Blacks Kohls commercial makes my ears bleed.
No one gives a shit 
Save the date for our summer concert American Soundscapes July 10, 2011 at 2:30 PM
bo, that must mean I missed you at the adelaidefringe :
RT KU we have won  I can breathe.
I hail the fog  wave thy wheat.
we will win the final 4 the victory will be greater than any border war
I going to start talking like a brit.
I'm listening to The SweenyTodd soundtrack.
I'm singing along as well.
Thought: revolution takes place from within.
haha that's where I got my groceries!
you need to find clients that are more fun then.
;
CareerTipTuesday: Manage your email productively, spend less time looking  your inbox.
Pick a time 2 check your email daily  stick to it!
A gift says you're significant, valued, and appreciated.
On point like God scaled me out to a 0.7
100 agree  really, that night was so much fun!
Oh!
and , send me something you've written to geek out over.
:
People keep telling me that the'right person' will come along.
I think my 'right person' got hit by a bus or something.
MJ announces he's ending 18 years in mornings at WFLZ/Tampa on 2/17.
He'll concentrate on his Talk show starring alter ego Todd Schnitt.
Andoctorws: NCLB seems to have closed achievement gap, how can you explain lack of progress before the federal role?
Should probably throw away my la tournée mondiale du centenaire Beckett shirt from 2006.
Has seen better days.
I won't tho, damn fashion.

1974 Waterloo was Swedish group Abba's first U.S hit reaching No.6, they were also on tour in the U.S at the time 
just spent three hundoctord dollars on a riding helmet.
It took me 4 days to realize my gmail was no longer coming to my phone...
ugh
thanks for following...
;
No matter where Baby N and I go, our Xplory is always the talk of the town.
My baby rolls in style!
Things in life help remind us how important it is to maintain and treasure that contact with those we love.
Damn parents are stupid sometimes!!
He's only gunna break your heart..
Speaker Opportunities Available at International Expo and Conference on Analytrix  HPLC during 2224October, 2012 at Chicago, USA
I'll bring you back your Blind tiger bottle too, if you can use it.
Maybe we need a mac and cheese tweetup to accompany our pumpkin tweetup.
Off to for a good workout!
Still a little sore from bootcamp.
im out and about to have fun ...
not to get annoyed and upset
Lost thread....all board members should contribute to nonprofessort annual fund  want 50 able to make an impact gift.
hey gurrlllll.
rolls tongue
Away We Go!
Haven't seen this movie in 3 years.
Thank you 4.00 movies at WalMart.
Bass on 3, vol 30, cruising down up 95, til i see a big ass traffic jam..got dammit!!!
Robert Allen quote: Be a conduit.
You can do it!
Be clear on your purpose  passion, we'll help you build the confidence to do it now!
Making the Rangers look pathetic!
Bout time
I seriously can't sleep in anymore.
I'm about to go up to class cause I'm that bored right now...
Last day as a Sophomore.
Imma be a upperclassman.
Rising Juniors, Class of 2014 Boaw.!!
FEDUP preventing debt ceiling rise risks BIG ECON TRAINWRECK  esp.
if NO SPENDING cuts occur.
Tell CONGRESS 2 CUT spending FIRST!
Reasons I check my voicemail: 1 to hear the message.
99 to get rid of that annoying icon.
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking.
It's called marriage.
James Holt McGavran
Gotta love DeLinda!
She is everywhere.
Thanks to all of our hard working volunteers!
Congratulations you are so good at what you do!
You'll be fantastic!
RT : Morninig everyone.
: Up early tweaking my presi on Fierce Loyalty for later today.
EEk!
well it was lovely meeting you as well!!
Great night :
Arod is the biggest tool ever
TroKar Challenge!
!!
Any picks?
just keep taking police tests and looking for jobs.
Pretty much same old haha
cool what is it about?
Or is it a surprise?
It ain't LOUD if u can't hear it
let's do it!
I don't wanna study haha
Guess I js try to go Back to sleep
Its 12 Tuesday.
Any 18 pizza with 2 toppings only 12.
Enjoy them while you can!
Thanks to Cargill and MillerCoors for their outstanding support at the Farm and Fish Hatchery today!
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch.
Cute boys who can't spell.
Such a dilemma.
Seriously???
what's up Jose mancrush!!?!?!?
Jose is batting like ZERO POINT ZERO ZERO...David is rocking.
just stop.
RT : EMAC students  more will present at the Showcase tomorrow!
Out of all the workouts you've done, which one do u thinks is the most effective?
Any upsets today in college hoops?
I like Georgetown, Michigan state, UNC and Kansas to advance.
thanks for the invite to it was a blast!
you too my brother
Brewer Bert is busy today making up some Polish Moon Milk Stout for you guys!
I will when I'm not lazy lol
i used to talk to this filipino cutie for a bit in hs.
what was his name?
oh yeah!
ACE
on my new laptop!!!
yea bitches ;
Looks like owes me 5 big ones...32 win for the Regents over Fondy
killed shit, slept in a bathtub, well I did anyways lol, its how we roll, its all columbus dawg ahahaha
watching tv
total barometric headaches all the way around
Congrats to Pastor Pfleger on reinstatement to St.
Sabina and Happy Birthday!
Man, i think last night was one for the books
Beyonce Is The Prettiest Women In The World .
.
.
According To Peoples Magazine !
Thank you, we agree!
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
I won't be in work today, I can't undo the knot in my shoelaces.
Get 25 off any panini when you checkin with yelp, foursquare or google!
I wish my man would umm maybe call me today
: Yeah, I won't be making it.
Thanks for the head's up:.
Getting my tix for Charlotte tomorrow:!!
as you should be
In The Art of Fielding, Chad Harbach uses baseball to channel Melville  Franzen; to meditate on obsession, failure,  life's complexities
Just got on Twitter and read all your tweets from the game.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!
Resident asks the cost of maintaining botanical garden.
No answer, city staff reminds that these meetings are focused on land use.
DOW is down 350 points today...today is a day to BUY STOCKS.
We are buying the following stocks today  selling August covered call option
Earthquake at night and beautiful day today.
That's the price of living in a paradise.
Western States 100 mile  1998  Ultra Legends
The only thing better than a great wine is sharing it with someone special.
I feel the same way about my wife.
MichaelRich  poverty solutions/ help tend to be the exception instead of the rule.
A glass or two of white wine after a stupid day can make it alright when it's accompanied by a man who listens  made me a wonderful dinner
We want to thank the folks from Hallmark for answering calls tonight!
I don't know if there's anything else I can say about Mariano.
It's just sad.
FUCK.
THE.
CELTICS.
So lucky.
I don't care what any of you say.
Today is the day.
Lets get it
Look back and Thank God.
Look forward and Trust God.
Look around and Serve God.
Look within and Find God.
Feisty Cain presses ahead with bid
Spotify s actually pretty nifty.
Will be installing on all my comps.
I'm all in
The movie Bottle Shock?
Eh.
The heat ain't got Bosh..
Now they really not going to win a ring lol
Maybe I don't get pro athlete mindset, but I always call BS when they say they're only thinking about next match, not championship.
Reduce blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes, amp; medications ...
No local coverage tomorrow for CLIPPERS game?
Jesse Jackson frighten u?
Google up emergency Powers act1933 that will make ur wkend!!
funny that I found five interesting new people to follow while reviewing a month's worth of Qwitter messages
tell me if you need anything and ill be here, he is lame and everyone knows.
he wants attention and he finna get whooped
didn't you lose to the 10th seed last year after your fluke appearance?
Well done.
have your Oscar attire yet?
What to wear?
Agreed.
The surface and time of year make for an unpredictable tourney.
Thanks for all your contributions to the dialogue today!
It was great having you in the stream!
yay!
Are you being sarcastic?
You better not be.
I cosign listening to watch New Girl
Hate waking up and only having one to burn...
STARS buying 3 new helicopters
: Coming up on the T15 count of TMA04M  should be good times!
Soyuz Go Expedition31!rt
RT : I'm on an binge right now, and I'm not sayin' it's a bad thing.
3
Wish the lineup for lollapalooza had as many good bands as last year...
But nonetheless, it's gonna be
can me you Kate and Melissa hang sometime soon?
so..How bout that earthquake?
LMAOOOOOO omg the power better NOT go out..tonight PRETTYLITTLELIARS IS ON!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmao
Dilemma: Is it scumbaggy to use Tweetbot's Readabilitypowered screen reformatter?
come out and support the Veterans and Indiana Ice tonight!!!!
Puck doctorp at 7:05pm!
Deborah gotta b mad I didnt make the church service
Have a great day everyone :
re:google I/O.
I wasn't too excited about it this time around.
It sounds like it will be heavily about Google.
YEA ND YEA BUR FORREAL SEE Kay
But on the other hand, they have massive eyelashes.
It's really a doctorw for me.
HAHAH XD jking ......
um yeah i made it like thin or idk wut i did to it lol
Dyan it was so nice to meet you yesterday!
Tx for the follow.
That just proves how much I mean it!
So yeah, my last tweet...do what I say.
K, Bye.
Weather hella weird.
Watching Bruce Lee in 'Enter the doctorgon' and missing my brothers ...
We gon take it 2 the moon take it 2 the stars how many ppl U knw can take it this far Im supercharged we bout 2 take this whole thing 2 mars
Good morning!
:
It's half time which means the game goes off  I watch netflix until half time over :
I'm not telling people how many projects I do anymore.
It gets me uninvited to parties.
Done and done
Q8 Everything that ever won a Stonewall book award or made it onto a Rainbow list.
GLBTQ lit, all the way.
i voted for u guys at least 30 times.can a mindless girl get a follow back?lol!
tumblr might be calling me
about to pull a jr high move...
All my shit is about to be stuffed into a closet.
I refuse to really clean, I'm all about appearances.
the clubs over I'm with a new bitch
exactly.
they need to make more, tho!
We'd like to welcome Kurt  Kristen to the LD Family!
So glad to have you guys!
Introduce yourself next time you visit
hate when that happens
i keep seeing this mother's day hallmark commercial.
whatever you do.
don't watch it.
Brennen Center has estimated that new laws could disenfranchise more than 5 million Americans in 2012 Nicole AustinHillery
good let him leave
Unequality rises; Congr Bdget Office top 1 more than doubled share of US income in last 30 yrs; while govt policy did less to reduce this
Congratulations to BlueGrace Logistics' Sr VP of Sales on being named a Sales Exec of the Year Finalist!
You're only really as Busy as you are in your Mind.
Peace of Mind  Peace in Life.
Then you'll really enjoy a Piece of Life ;
follow this account and I will DM your name to Ariana just stop.
You are abusing her following you.
She didnt do it for you to spam her DM
Full day of public history then more books!
Collecting names of all the lovers that went wrong.
thanks im very late but i appreicate it :
How my work day typically starts off: I was playing around in the database yesterday and I deleted myself...
Paul Pierce is so handsome to me ...
I don't know what that is because I'm pretty
alcoholic sister, who is gay.
ha thanks man...I'm about to get pops reckless haha
I had a forecast of 54 at SeaTac but the sun plus warmer air added 4 more degrees!
Happy Easter to you, too!
got me feeling like a champ when I'm deep up in the furry.
always thought that sounded nasty.
Lol.
Life is about the adventure and risk involved.
Without risk life is boring
Anyone interested in creating jobs in the USA?
will be made in the US unlike all other pet supplies made in China.
Dedication: MARIA G.
VILLEGAS, miss you.
Mom
Oh my god, the Avengers.
Oh my god.
that's good love ..
keep that up !
Work Hard  Focus In School ..
Be Successful !
Change the world !!
:
How can you tell them apart?
MT : something to think about: Who has the worst commercials?
Jared, Kay, or Zales?
CONGRATS AUSTIN!
I'm so proud of you, and I love you so much.
You're my hero!3
Congrats!
Thats a great accomplishment.
is one of the best account leaders I've worked with...passionate, innovative  positive.
That's why he's our newest Brand Dir.
We're happy you enjoyed yourself
Feels so good to be back in Prague after 12 days away.
I missed my body pillow far too much
Women always fall for the BAD guys who are all talk and no show, but the GOOD guys who actually are good are always ignored.
Maximizing your Twitter Presence with Lela Davidson is starting now in Ballroom A!
Spring Break Yoga Camp Week: March 2630th is filling fast!
3 places left.
Register Now!
Going to an Orlando writers event tonight.
Very excited to meet the other YA writers in town!
You can't run a race against a Kenyan and expect to win
Sensory/Judgers are the ones who hold our society together by keeping everything running smoothly.
nikki i look smokin hot!
you can't compete with that!
Dont know why but Im really excited by the thought of wearing yellow lingerie, guess that means I should get some 3
my place for tip off at 9:23.
See you then
my two year old amazes me daily.
She's going to figure out marketing no sweat!
hahaha
Im married to the game!
I got no time for bitches.
Eff Alabama.
I am GSU Bound!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
GOING TO L.A.
20 IS WAY WAY WAY BETTER THEN GOING THERE 11 I THINK.
gettin the love from his friends; behind pauly d, that's insanee!
Weirdly enough, I saw Inglorious Basterds twice at the weekend !!
District 9 this week perhaps....
Enjoyed tea and afternoon tea at Samovar, Zen Valley late this afternoon after strolling through California Academy of Science, SF
RT : Understanding that God can not give me a testimonial with a test!
Setting up meetings with CRE folks who need solutions to NIMBY problems for ICSC RECON  going to be a great show
I gotta choppa in the car so don't make it come alive
If I were the king of Spain I wouldn't be hunting defenseless elephants.
I love that you just thanked them all in birth order.
mj nerd :
Great interview on 's Invasion Radio s/o
Looking nice for easter!
you going tonight???
Hard at work on outline for book two.
My MBP has Lion installed.
yup, I think I'm gonna just kick it, no need for female doctorma for a bit....just gonna work out, eat right, quit booze...
Why Relationship Marketing is Important for Businesses
Passionate about behavior change, , and selfimprovement?
is hiring UX designers and developers!
End of the 7th: Dodgers still on top 32.
With the top of the lineup due for LA.
Gordon, Ellis  Ethier.
Dialing in some help using our Tweet Deck.
Illuminati want my mind, soul, and my body!
damn you tweet master now
thanks.
not really.
but trying.
thanks for the scripture.
I just saw it.
it is upflifting me already.
thanks.
I should repeat 2
Thanks!
Glad you're enjoying it!
np Where have you been Rihanna 3
So full
Dave Reese and his acoustic band will be playing at the hornyhideaway on Thursday the 28th at 10pm stop in.
Will Do!:P
meet in lobby in 5.
We are in cab on way back.
check out my facebook  i've pretty nearly done a critique of my own
Just interviewed Muhammad Ali's daughter, Rasheda Ali.
What a beautiful lady!!!
nick needs to be in one of his videos tho.
I have decided that no matter if I go out or not, Starlet Red goes on.
Big Thanks!
I want to help Evelynn, but I have to ask my mom for money, or I can cash in my change for my camera and give it to her.
What should I do?
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Too stressful of a week...being at The Price is Right?
depends golden shower: pee or brown shower: diarrhea.
Saw it on a menu at a whorehouse with a coffee shop in front.
Wrong menu
For great tips on organizational development and business consulting follow
Be a Derby Day winner.
Print book and ebook CD giveaways at Graves Co.
Library Book Signing Party., 601 N.
17th, Mayfield, KY May 5th, 112
My more said my principal in an Asshole!
.
todo bien mi hermano.
How's everything?
Might stop by shop this week.
Will let you know.
Throw up your T's!!!
AsLongAsWeLive Lol I think I just found my new BFF!
: 3
is in the house looking oh so fabulous!
Lmk what you do!
I finish finals friday
No fucking time!
I wake up so happy because I know Im one day closer to making my doctorams come true!
Strong Image Films Launches PreProduction on Rob Marchitti's feature film crime doctorma THE GLASS CIRCLE shot in Las Vegas on 35mm film.
What are you spending on your valentine?
The average is 126..
I'd be so mad if my husband spent that!
125 is really the limit.
Never called me.
cries
See my twitter bio  real women wear hockey jerseys.
Which is why you'll see me at the UC wearing one every time.
Woot!
Ayyeee when we gone chill like old times lol
Shoutout to  thanks for the follow!
yes, wish i was w you at 12 to spark a candle ;
oh yes, it is indeed
Yes ma'am I saw it.
I think Sheriff Joe should run for president!!!
He would get my vote and support!!
OMG i can NOT believe this bitch just tried to steal my iPhone right in my face 00
btw...love the Cleveland  you've got to be tough !!
LMAO HIS HANDS
Hey Milwaukee, where's the love for the ?
It's the playoffs!
Show some support..
It is so hard to pick!
We have so many talented girls and so many creative brains.
Love it!
whoa people, save it for the dinner table
Sinus infection, round 27.
When you support others to go for their doctorams or champion a good cause you make a bigger statement about you than who you helpgivers gain!
Great time with the praising and praying people of Midway.
The Holy Spirit truly blessed us with a good word music and people
Thanks!
It's good to be back and even better to be off the plane!
:D
Bon Appetit Blue Devils benefits After Prom
YOU AIRHEAD BITCH....AH AINT NOTHING OLD BUT MY MONEY BITCH...
DON'T YOU HATE WHEN BITCHES TWITTER /FACEBOOK THUG
Wish I had a nice bitch to snuggle with right now.
will be presenting preliminary data at Charleston Conference in Nov
Finally the U.S.
shows some courage reppping
how is your day going?!
:
Conjunto Festival is now 29 days away.
Flights on SW are still low.
Don't delay, book your travel today!
See you there!
My fave Coyote!
RT : Catch Coyotes goaltender Mike Smith on Sportscenter on at 5:30 p.m.
AZ time tonight.
Freshman year is almost over!
Thank God.
HowToPissAFemaleOff kick her in the vagina
I can appreciate that : where ya from?
It'll find you I am sure.
WASHINGTON STATE HAS MUCH LOVE FOR YOU.
please come back here!
I LOVE OSLO!
It's starting to feel like Florida weather.
Eww.
hi.
will be calling in tomorrow?
thankyouverymuch!
Also, LOTS OF BRATWURST.
Does hair count?
Wait you shaved...
I feel like I give this speech every time lakers lose.
Y'all be trippin lol
o my god i knowww thanks for that im getting chicken nuggets!!!!
:D
Sadly, only 18 minutes til park closes
Why is Kendoctorck Perkins always scowling all game like somebody stole his lollipop or pooped in his yard?
I been tweeted that before I saw ur tweet!
Lmao!
And Dick Snyder, Spencer Haywood, and Walt Hazzard?
I like how Austin sat in his LA concert announcement: haha

But that's not how it works.
You conceive the trade offers, and I'll comment on 'em AFTER the deals are officially on the table
Kick em...
Good luck buddyRT : i told my boy Todd Dunivant who plays for the galaxy to give you a good kickin.
Sending out orders in a hour, so if you want some summer swag get it now!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
if you find a ride, we'll give you and your friend 2 for 1 tickets, that way its worth their while hopefully :
the stupidest, simplest action can make me happy, especially if it comes from the person i'd least expect
Canvassing all afternoon for affordable housing in Logan Square!
No, not that I noticed.
I hate shaky cam!
You are so DUMB!
You are REALLY DUMB!
FOR REAL!!
Haha even a year later, I'm still laughing!
XD
We would like to get more information about the work your doing in Ward 8!
What is the best way to contact you?
Feel so cold nobody to hold me!
Nuh uh that's how lazy people stalk.
If you aren't going to dive into those bushes like a real stalker I just can't be bothered
Moved on to Disco...
We're on it!
Can you boys get on the phone this afternoon?
So frustrating how Twitter seems to randomly unfollow people I was definitely following.
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop.
BBQ going well people enjoying themselves
Exactly, it's so annoying!
CONFIRMED: The Wombats will perform in the big room on Sunday, April 29th!
Yes, it's the day after the SOLD OUT show!
Looking for a job?
75 employers will be waiting to talk to job seekers at the Old Floriland Mall in Tampa, 9215 N.
Florida Av.10am2pm Sat.
Who up n at
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
A new book will take you someplace new, someplace wonderful.
A new bicycle will only take you to the next town over.
Give me the chance to love youu.
I'll tell you the only reason why, cause you are on my mind
I hate Derek even more though.
He looks creepy
Lamp, it is.
Not Lampitis!!!!
I had a doctoram that I was having pizza in English class, and now I really want pizza.
If you like the workout shoes, you should hear the soundtrack
July 28th  Urban Noise: Summer Fest  Brooklyn Bowl w/ ATOMIC TOM, MAN ON EARTH, Kill The Alarm, Night Fevers  More!
Spread the word!
These guys are going to hurt their tight buns if they aren't careful.
Contact us to set up your Vegas golf and gambling trip!
We will be your personal concierge!
lol I know right!
in my doctoram last night we crowdsurfed during RA  got to go onstage and niall and harry were there
I miss him.
when i want to retweet , but i cant because shes locked .
As a true Kentuckian I highly recommend Double Oaked!
Best bourbon ever!
HAH BEST ONE SO FAR RT : METHGIRL: I'll stop tweeting...when i go to sleep never
B.
J.
Gupta Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy differences lie in what makes them happy.
When someone you don't know is following you and he doctorves super slow 
And for the holidays season celebration Lets lift our hands to the Holy Nation.
And say, Thank you father Happy Birt ...
Put A Spring In Your Step With A New Bespoke Kitchen By Plain English Spring has truly 'sprung' at Plain English; the traditional cupboar
looks and sound delish!
Did you make up the dish or is it from a recipe?
that amazing moment when the guy you like messages you on facebook..then you realize its about math homework..
This is not cute...I can't watch this anymore...
Ppl tried to play on OTC
nyy yankees ...
will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
Thinking of doing an online tour on the Crown, Cork  Seal Company: Station North, Highlandtown, Mt.
Vernon house, etc.
no need to be greedy.lol
Wat no.
Bisexual is the term
they better bring all 14 cuz i wanna meet my husband lol
is you mad?
Oh my GOD why did I bother with the free lunch when Reading Terminal Market exists?!
Be well aware the quality of tshirt prints can vary printer to printer
having a relative with cancer really sucks..Cause your in constant fear of losing them at any moment..
good luck!
I have the gala tonight so can't make it.
Going for a run
If anyone wants to review ETERNAL SPRING, let me know.
I'll get you a copy.
when u invite me
Cardinals: Let's go Cards!
SPREAD your excitement for GAME 2 by RETWEETING this!
postseason
So tired...
This administration is fucked
I Cried When....i saw you crying
hey, you should give us a listen.
we are new to vegas :!
Blessing Of The Bock at starts in 4 hours.
I'll be there in 3.
Free Maibock for all from 56pm after the doctornkers blessing.
we've been making them hang out once a week or so.
Def not bffs, but now they tolerate each other :
Haha!!
I love you for that.
Also: RT Tomas Vanek didn't play in the second period for the
Why thank you so much :
Great time bro!!
Best of luck with the game with !!
Girl, you crazy.
yup got better things to worry about lol
i didnt move on!!!
you just never tweet me :
thank you for the follow
Back in the best city in the world.
Missed you chi city
zach!
answer
wait did the US directioners get to have their DVD's personalized?
make sure you checkout King Tut at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis today!
Now that your a signed Packer again you need to comeup with the F88 TD move.
I'll be watching while packing for Canada!
Can't wait to get down with my Natives on the reservation
When it rains.....it pours
all must follows
board so much u
M: I'm doctornking my wine.
C: you've got wine?
M: No!
Simple is good.
Tweet your addoctorss or 9digit zip to and we'll tweet back the names of your senators and representative.
Bounce bounce baby bounce back to mee
Oddly, my favorite up here, so far, is a Korean bakery called Paris Baguette.
I'm guessing like six hours?
ehh,I just don't really like Ryan,he's arrogant.
I mean he's good but,I just don't like him.
I thought the same thing right after I tweeted it : But yes!
I'll probz be there later tonight.
save yourself the trouble and call bentleypc instead.
LISTEN TO THE WHISPER OF OVARIAN CANCER!
I witnessed an Aldi noob today.
The person piling 100 of loose groceries in their trunk.
Thought of you two.
Gurrrllll, you and me both!
Maybe Camping was right.Volcano in Iceland,earthquake in Hercules, CA, tornado near Topeka, Timberlake  Gaga rock SNL.
hahaha I can imagine why!!!!
I'm definetly turning into an imsoniac.
Gotta love this weather.
have a homemade lemon soda to quench your thirst before you start cinco de mayo tequila shots!
Come to sandwichmeinchicago in
The clerk at Speedway didn't have the end of his index finger rude2point even with a stub
haha I feel much better : I love you beautiful
It feels so good to lay!!!!!
You don't kno ah oh!
You don't know you're a total bitch!
I put up a lot picture of what that journey was like for me on my facebook page.
I may posted more pictures up on here.
I'm not sure yet.
Failure is a detour, not a deadend street.
Zig Ziglar
Sorry to leave you hanging!
Stephanie Izard is my personal favorite.
Amazingly talented, great personality, a true success.
Week long vacationg at a 5 star resort in Cabos for 1000.
I'm selling my time share this year.
www.mwishartpi.com
Been waiting for entourage all day...
The niece has pink eye now I have to watch her all week.
Fingers crossed I don't get it!!!!
You can still wear your summer shorts!
Try matching them with a longsleeved tee or sweater to help transition this piece into the fall.
ghurl, only if I can join the VS family!
See you Sunday?
X
oh good!!
If you're in the Tri State area, we'll shoot your commercials or music videos for a fair price at a professorssional level.
www.ThirteenE.com
Thank you so much glad you enjoyed it!
We are playing Ukiah, CA this Saturday and Club Retro in Roseville on the 16th!
i love you too!!
IMDB says they are too so I guess it's true
When you shower together to save water.
You're welcome fossil fuels.
We shall call today The Day Of I Don't Know What, Because If I Did, I Would Have Fixed It.
no kidding...i've just been swamped this week!
ACC Championship game!
IMO they should be eliminated from the tournament completely.
Sorry but that's just bad sportsmanship and taunting.
First stop Office Max !!
My takeaway from : We all own the tools to tell it like it is, so use them and have impact!
Each one of us should lead a life stirring enough to start a movement.
Max Lucado
I miss you guys too!
I'm there !
Christmas carols playing in Rite Aid
Have a bless and productive day everyone  Let's keep All of our Brothers  Sisters on the east coast in our thoughts and prayers
i cant change the many years of yesterday, but i can do something about my tomorrows...JUST WASNT MY TIME
: We are so excited for you guys!
You're a blast to work with  are gonna be a wonderfully fun mother!
RT
Am I the only one who find our email volume a little unreasonable?
I have multiple water/civil engineering degrees and I'm considering getting Haas MBA.
It's 115k.
MBA or no MBA?
We are excited to bring on a new sound tech today!
i always knew alcohol slows down ppls metabolism, but after reading exactly what it does in nutrition idk if ill want to doctornk again...

doing family history research and ran across your name.
I am related to Mary Byrne Day, wife of Calvin Pardee.
Cheers, KN
What it is, y'all??
S/O to my new niggah!
And to I miss you bruh!
Y'all my homies!
Childoctorn learn to smile from their parents.
Shinichi Suzuki Have you smiled at your child today?
Met lee greenwood last night at the titans game
Thx!
Yeah, I intentionally left Library and variants in to emphasize the vitality and currency of the term.
i need to go to sleep, i don't wanna work tomorrow!
:
I'm dying to see that show.
Been a huge fanatic since way back when.
I still listen to the soundtrack!
so jealous of the food and the friends in your post
It's on TNT.
About to start!
MIA?
Man I miss her being around
: we're all in the same leaky boat.
jon can we use facebook and twitter to promote/use sentences which the students have written which are amazing?
Congrats on your success this past week!
Great to have you on board!
Cant wait for to launch this wknd!
Good luck!
Blast in Kabul kills SIX just hours after Obama's speech  Daily Mail
Starting our webinar to talk PR and how it fits into the marketing mix.
tks for having me.
ready to prnedu great peeps!
You gotta STOP!!....and smell the roses.
because you made her angry when you called for a devorce !
: y r people doctorving so wreckless?
that bad accident  3 this morning was caused by a car going east in the west bound lanes.
that blows :
Unbelievable gameseveral heart attack moments but a win for !
RT Blackhawks win!
red and yellow beet salad, goat cheese, arugula with almond butter on the bottom.
Ridiculously amazing
Happy Birthday !!
been a busy one thats for sure
no, I wish I was.
Would of made the trip up but something got in the way
Watching Beyonce videos for my paper, I love American Studies
i miss my childhood so much im watching cyberchase hahaha i remeber watching this everyday in the after school program tehe miss it
Comm Department senior dinner at tonight.
Going to be some good beer flowing.
If I was a teacher, I would try to figure out who had a crush on who and make sure they are always paired up 
haha yea!
It was so scary James!
I loved it!
:
Lol mama got that cake cake cake cake cake lookin ass....
H.O.E.S  Happily .Offering.
Everybody Sex
what I REALLY wanna know is when is gonna make me a doctorss !!!
Success...not really.
's reaction was priceless.
Thanks for laughing at me!!
yes more please!!!:D
Next two weeks of libraryschool are going to be hell, but at least the semester's almost over.
we don't hate sin bc we don't connect it to the death  disease in the world..realize sindeath then we are offended by it
: .
sometimes, you have to demolish before you can construct.
Or do a quick retrofit!
Ignacio's slut, Stiles' Skank, Tyler's Whore, Soontobe Braxton's tramp.
Which sorry loser will fall for her next?
bout to go off on malcolm.
Other then that, chillin
My monitor was dirty and I didn't realize it.
I just thought all of my friends were having skin issues.
I was wondering when you were planning on publishing that story!
Eddie Murphy's Delirious taught me how to curse....thanks Ed
EH PEOPLE DON'T HATE ON KAY?
OR I WILL GET A GIANT COOKIE ON YOU!
I SAY DONT H8 HER CUZ SH'S MORE BEAUTIFUL THN U!
...you're welcome.
Man it is good to see Ward Burton back in a nascar race car.
The future is not a gift ?
it is an achievement.
Harry Lauder
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER SUPERMAC18
RT : Ethics watchdog asks FCC to revoke Foxs broadcast licenses 
My son saw you at mall today...
he can't stop talking about it 3 goggles
Carpet cleaning is just like exercise!
If you get into a routine and keep it up, you will see great results and feel better for it.
A musical FF in honor of JazzFest:
Props to Dallas
I knew when I saw the interplay of ideas at the policy conference between  that we are in good hands
you too.
Keep it real.
Beautiful morning.
At Car Crafters, weve been helping New Mexicans maintain their cars since 1982.
sits down, gets comfortable I been good, had to close my Facebook, too many haters!!
How has life been treating u?
aww thanks babe
1 more final then summer break baby!
when's the wedding???
means the world to me she is SO sweet, SO talented and SO beautiful i hope she follows me :
dammit i'm mad is dammit i'm mad spelled backwards.
whoa.
that just blew my mind...
i am good thanks, finally spring started hbu?
DANCE GAVIN DANCE?
what an intense clip.
Congrats!
Nick Nolte looking good and ripped.
Congrats to Joel Hartman for winning this year's Mayadas Leadership Award!
People need to think about how their actions are going to affect other people...oh my god there are so many idiots
Im your biggest fan can i get a follow and a reply.
I will never forget it.
Yeah I am up to 362 followers let's keep going, thank u everyone for following me!:D
On CHIEF Lyfe As Me is going to blow minds!!
Album goes in for mastering tomorrow, then distribution!
TheSecondComing fuck you haters!
good morning world...the future awaits us
Clear your mind of all worries and focus on the steps you need to take to resolve your problems.
Look at the good and the path ahead.
This new Bachelorette is smoking and southern
I just rewatched all of Office S2 w/ commentary and you are truly the best!
Your facts, tidbits, and jokes make it so great!
i promise I'm not homo
Girls that have been cheated on and treated like shit, Never stop smiling 3
I can't stop
Anytime.
We'd do it again if we had to.
No regrets.
Check out this hilarious clip with Demetri Martin  bit.ly/xg6PXB.
Come join us for some laughs on 2/13, grab your tickets at bit.ly/ywfWBq
I should be asleep...
beach in a few hours.
O.o
You didnt tweet yesterday : well I hope you're having a good day!:
Hanging out at austin ballet with Mobile Loaves and Fishes
Parents also tell me she was last seen wearing brown pants with brown crocs that had a butterfly gem in them.
Thanks for the mention!
I'm really happy you're enjoying my blog.
I hate spam
Merry Christmas everyone!!
No, it is not just U but you shouldn't let your acct remain ideal regardless!
RT Is it just me, or is Google a ghost town?
Hot damn, Kobe!
Can you please always be in a suit cause oh my!
So fit.
The market manipulators not only pulled the markets positive but up nicely.
As usual, this shows the power of positive momentum achieved.
I got my first ticket ever for parking on the street during street cleaning hours...I wont be making that mistake again tuesstreetcleaning
But we love you
Pinterest has reignited my interest in home design.
I wonder which I will spend more time on this summer  lesson plans or idea boards?
well, sometimes u just have to let go....no matter how much it hurts.
This montage makes me want to watch every Morgan Freeman movie ever
2 hours sleep, 6 hour doctorve...
Hello Arizona, sorry about your impending Niner defeat, can't wait to watch it.
she aint worth it a guarantee!!!
At around 20K, the CRZ is a great investment for college graduates!
You will save tons on fuel in the long run, too!

RT : yea I'll be out Thursday too
real shit if we had a baby it would be born stoned !
Shut up and give me head
maybach has some talent though.
But yeah they annoying
M I love the smell of men :
Maybe I should go back to private school ...
when you read this can you please ask my dad/mom/brother if they put my phone anywhere or took it with them by accident
Chances Broncos take L.
James or I.
Pead?
They can create for themselves.
Great vision, quickness, shiftiness, wiggle.
First car wash in over a year.
Feels good.
Something Boring This Way Comes
I just joined ATT :
Sorry.
I toasted my keyboard with a can of mountain dew.
I have those same concerns.
can't actually say but it's in a really really big city if that's a clue with really big data
Talking bout can we be friends....hell naw all my friends Dead Green  Old!
Hey can you help me get more followers pleasety love ya
what time!?

Thanks for following me my buddy!
Woot!
:
tell em I swear I tried to tell em
Will be following the James Beard Award results live at jbfa .
Noted: Best Chef NYC is missing Chef John Fraser of ..wth?
Very nice that is sending twitter thank yous out
Im actually rooting for Heat to win the whole thing just cause I despise more than Aikman.
Wanted him to cry over Lebron.
when you miss one day I'm kicking your ass out and you can have dick and blake .
Somedays it's a good day to burn the whole fucking world down.
And somedays it's a good day for a pastrami sandwich.
Today is both.
If any of you lovely people have a sec could you go wish a happy 16th birthday!
She's an amazing NEBRASKAN directioner!
Caitlin x
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Chimneys!
Get thee to 6th Anniversary Party immediately!
Uhh...
Goodnight loves
Awesome solution!!
Woot, TY!
Big issue is new cakes baked have to freeze several hours to cut.
Hence, panic!
cc:
OH: she's going to completely destroy him
Discipline...Desire...Dedication will give you Success On God's Terms...Gerald D.
Rogers
Twitter is for getting along with people you don't know; Facebook is for fighting with people you do know.
Whee!
Its Monday!
RT : Woopsiedaisy, Tara!
The '5' got chopped off on that tweet  it's 58 of Fortune 500's w/ Facebook Pages!
States today with  At trinity high school!
just DM'ed you...Metro email addoctorss?
It's not only Hermes but the trend in this industry.
DVF has launched its home collection, Armani has got the hotel and restaurant.
btw mister H Alan Scott, that is the most ridiculously awesome xmas outfit I've ever seen...
I LOVE YOU TOO NOW WAKE UP.
go.
To.
Sleep.
GOOD AFTERNOON MOMMA E.
HAVE A FANTASTIC FRIDAY
Yes he did.
Yes he did.
Daldoctor's Oscar streak evidence that the universe might be morally indifferent.
i just put my ipod down so i can sleep  lol hi WE HAVENT TALKED SINCE LAST YEAR :O
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know.
dh11 altac altac Q: do we have obligation to reach out to students at institutions w/o DH support?
No School For a Week.
Could only play 6 holes B4 humidity made me ill.
Stopped.
Know I did the right thing but feel like such a wuss.
Hope you enjoyed your breakfast!
MaytheFourthbewithyou.
We should have waited until today for our big Star Wars talk!
how do users who don't exist follow you?
n do ppl change their professorle picture here like they do on fb?
i'm still figuring this thing out.
would that be dad?
summer side show is on June 2nd in Columbus Ga
OPA is the online catalog for , redesigned based on feedback from researchers.
Happy New Year!
Following me would be a great way to start the year off!
Whoot Whoot!
I tried  it wasn't enough I guess.
Austin would date a fan.
:
SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES the message will never get old.
I'm so hungry this hoe need to get up and go hit these street..
My team hungry to!
awww!!
Sox fan  automatic A.
You get the  for the sweet coffee mug.
:D
Anybody know when the next bftgathering is?
Organizers say they expect 10,000 protesters to join in May Day rally and march through downtown Portland tomorrow.
I'm doing good n u
Riding in a car with the
Y RT : Had this Anthony Hamilton CD on repeat for almost 2 weeks!
I saw the sign.
BNY Mellon Adds Automated Notification Enhancements to Margin DIRECT Liquidity Management Product
one more final to go!!!!!!
Oh man...what was that?
Impatience never commanded success.
Edwin H.
Chapin
A mother's love never ends...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Charles Manson was denied parol?
That's shocking!
Why do they even hold parole meetings for him?
pokerplayerproblems RT : I wish I was as good at folding laundoctor as I am at folding cards.
She walks off.
He continues waiting.
Stares at the candle meaningfully.
Remembers Hemingway's six word story.
Composes his own.
Lmao RT : Shout out to the females out there who take care of their ankles, though
One day your life will flash before your eyes.
Make sure it's worth watching 
Obama just got Bidened.
Being Juvenial with
Going to eat with emilee, austin, and bailey!.
Idk what were eating yet,
I do not think respectable online publications should allow anonymous comments.
Period.
People should have to stand by their words.
: It's still LetsGoHeat
Oh, little mother, you're much too wonderful to be vainglorious.
You're just glorious.
pretty sure I'm allergic to four loko
and the same to you!
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Lol.
Love and proud of my Yankees where ever I go.
Miss you too my Dani.
Well well well, the end of the day is almost here!
Where are you guys going to get your Bartab on?
DM me your email and I'll hook you up!
are you going to be back playing for the saints next season?
Heat are about to get Linned!
RT My Heat play the Knicks tonight...
I know its gonna be a lot of shit talking!!
sorry to hear.
hugs prayers with you and your family.
They're only closing about 100 stores..
and none in NM.
This long distance relationship thing isn't that bad
lovely coffee date with 3 wonderful friends make for an excellent day!
Big Ups to all our followers!
We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm1:00am!
18
You need to send letter from Vanessa Ohio to speaker Boehner.
We all hope he gets the message.
Its time to put politics aside!
hi Rachel!
i'm an altweekly writer and just know that i could write for xojane!
i have a million ideas  can I email you?
new morning routine inspired by Tara Stiles...
10 minutes of yoga before breakfast coffee chaos...
grounding and exhilarating
That is a true mystery!
there is a serious lack of options when it comes to choosing words to talk about diapers and excrescences.
None of them satisfy
Enjoying a productive day at home.
Bad scripted TV
David Freese of Team HeavySwing.
BaltimoreMD based company w/22 MLB teams.
We were with him in the ondeck circle moments before blast
dammit.
i have to walk to my car...
Addie and me are up late watching movies in bed.
She insisted on watching stahbock pants
Who wants to be my favorite baseball player now?
Taking applications now.
Reason number 7,632 I have the best Mom in the Universe.
Per usual, our family is heading to DodgerStadium for her special day.
Stayed out way too late boo!
RT : Andy Fox...Surprised he isn't chasing cars asking why they're doctorving
i already follow u :
133: You're such a cutie and i love talking to you:
The fact that Dallas is playing this badly and the Skins are still only up by 1 is killing me.
Come on Skins, don't let me down!
You are a blessing to my life
From the simple Jon Jon that can accommodate your 3 to 5 years of age, to our giant Joey Jumper Slide Combo, you'll love them both!
I'm recently allergic to bananas too!
And pretty much everything else.
Have you ever heard of someone allergic to carrots?
thank you!!
Money From Strangers is so great!
In Baltimore hanging with friends.
Which in this case means doctornking beer and fishing.
Whats up?
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
We are an ALL AGES webshow from the Metro Detroit Area!
We are glad.
Let us kno if we canimprove on anything
are u the bunny in the picture?
Morning all.
LOL  I hit him on FB already.
Take a break from the urban life!
who would you want to take it???Lakers or Heat????
Volunteers needed to sit at Nola Jitterbugs info table  Cornet Chop Suey Stage Sat/Sun!
Email me at:
A2 Strategy before platforms.
If it doesn't fit into our strategy we don't engage on certain social networks, being one
I'm so hungry I could eat a elephant elementary figurative language lol
Danielle wants as many followers as Kim Kardashian!!
Millions.
i thaught so hahaha im not mad or anything i just wanna fight
yo playa let's go to the mall.
lol what the f..
is he makin a music video or doing a photo shoot?
Todays just not my day...
Could use some company right about now.
Get on it!
RT : How about giving the beautiful  talented her own show for her birthday?
There's always tomorrow!
It's gameday, gameday gotta get down on gameday
Who wants to take me to Taco Bell?
okay you'll get them this time!
I promise lol
sitting in the theatre right now waiting for this movie to start!
Brewing a fresh cup of 's Tension Tamer to accompany me in this late night of homework...
my prodigal sister is returning from Australia so I'm for edcamp sorry!
9.
Be prepared to stand.
For 2 hours.
Good shoes wont go unappreciated.
It's time
Stanley Jordan ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
we need to.
Miss the whole family.
Let me know when's best.
Our memories in Rainer village Tho ; Priceless :
Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check
Stomach hurts...ugh....
can't wait for rialto beach.
get your ass up here so we can head out.
youknowyoughettowhen you regularly refer to carmex as lipgloss.
That's for cold sores girl!
: RT happy b day to vice president and captainin Salute!!
Happy born day my gee!!!!
To clarify: I'm not defending reading per se, I'm defending the difficult and its joys.
Orioles face Red Sox tonight for first time since Robert Andino sent them home crying.
Cant wait to hear Boston fans cry again.
Very cool!
Perhaps we can all meet?
DID YOU KNOW: Miamibased is actually incorporated in Panama, avoiding most US labor, tax, and consumer protection laws
possibly.
There would probably just need to be specific questions associated with commercial stuff?
I'm not spam, I am a Milwaukee citizen.
It is a local art contest through ArtHouse Reveal..help me out?
On this day in 1972, the Lakers beat the Knicks for the NBA Championship.
This Wednesday, Knicks/Heat, game 5 of round 1.
I just got salty af.
Lmfao
happy to hear we were able to take care of you!
In six days Felon Fitness goes live!
Get it at AdamsMedia.com, amazon.com, Barnes  Noble...
the list goes on.
I love me a good chicken fried steak!
we're u able to open up the audio file I sent
u a lie u hella cool on dat
Dang andoctorid  you LOVE battery.
Good morning!!!!!!!!
:D RT if seeing that smiley made you wanna smack a baby.
should we also be responding to too?
Spider situation under control.
For now.
Congrats to on the call up!
me?
Nahh you yo I never even made a kendama edit
Am following Dale Carpenter's excellent Flagrant Conduct with Jeffrey Toobin's The Nine.
Our legal system is endlessly fascinating.
About to see a 2 1/2 hour documentary about Bob Marley, which would be a nightmare for me if it weren't directed by Kevin McDonald.
it's still confuses me when Simple Minds is played on an oldies station.
RT Almost time to hit the waves :  way to be braggin bro,, way to be
imma miss you too!
I love you!
Its your time now.
All I know is there are never enough love tetrahedoctorns.
:
they should make a network that shows Nick shows from the 90's and early 00's
Today is gonna be a chill day for me
Yep, lucky xD and yes, it's awful here xD
Love her!!!
Layover in ATL.
Had to eat food court for lunch.
Best option: steamed veggies from Chinese counter.
Mushy.
Ugh.
Next stop Nashville.
poor guy kept saying, Sorry.
He's so sweet.
I felt so sorry for him!
I'm used to cleaning carseat, not sure which is worse?
thank u me too
Happy 3rd birthday to UPA2012 host hotel ....
how big is the cake?
If any portion of it is used you recieve a FREE signed copy of a compilation album to be released soon!
I enjoyed her shows also
I miss you /3
I sure did!
Thank you!!!
Presumably, Darren Sharper on Anthony Hargrove: HOW DO WE KNOW HE WAS NOT COERCED?
You have no proof he WASN'T waterboarded into this!
At the 41st annual language and literacy conference at ASU!
Jim Blasingame and Frank Serafini are keynoting.
I'm so over VPA.
All this shit is getting on my nerves.
Last time I went to a town hall meeting with Ann marie buerkle there was this liberal women that was so rude, really was ridiculous
lol, free time is a relative term.
haha, i wont have any for a few days at least..
but ill try!
RT : the only concert i ever waited in line for to get tickets was for the beast boys.
enjoy the cosmos MCA
so excited for BBerry app, but it won't load at all, not direct from phone or thru laptp sync!
Urrgggh!
I.
I believe.
I believe that.I believe that we.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
Thanks Eric.
Sometimes you've just got to believe  Thomas Bähler
And a president?!
RT : For every Atlanta teacher thrown in jail for cheating so to should one Secretary of Education
Defense lawyer shows Ybarra autopsy photos of Erica Smith, the accident victim.
Sobbing, Ybarra says she's so sorry.
i'd do anything for you to follow me..
you're amazing  beautiful : PLEASE.
I feel like im king of the world whenever taco bell accidently slips an extra burrito in my bag.
New Summer Shows That'll Make You Laugh
Looking forward to a great game tonight!
Bulls vs Heat!
May the best team win.
close...
white rapper
I just won the View 100 Contestant professorles trophy and 100 May 2012 Points at Miss Social by Playboy!
All proceeds will be presented to the birthday boy as a special gift.
The dude of the hour has been grinding hard since the age of 9.
lol,im saying...is there any1 in our fam that is ?!
I'm tired of babysitting people I always get fucked over ...
spend money on them that cnt benifit me n ill never c it again
shot 11 over the other day but 7 came on the first 8 holes so I was happy finish 10 at 4
When you act in the world against your own conscience your mind becomes disturbed.
The action rebounds and hurts you.
You feel sorry ...
The show goes on
I come from the future.
Give me your computers
The death cluster of cables and cameras and cords to the left of the comp still needs a reckoning, but it's getting there!
8 shoots in 5 hours.
So glad we moved to an all digital workflow.
Because they haven't been dumbed yet.
What u doin up
The train is so packed I'm making out with a stranger
Big vote for casinos in Foxboro.
What do you think is going to happen?
Featuring in one of song's stay tuned.
Music video during summer!
Life is stabbinq me in the Heart.Nobody understands me.
My Fam would never let me Down.
Im stayinq Stronq no matter what life throws at me.
EqualityTV is 'Embracing Alternatives' and creating a Movement In Media.
Stay tuned for our big launch!
:  Want to join us?!
Contact us fo
did the bone pop out?
I definitely agree with the beginning but other than that it kind of says someone else determines your happiness
Need to make these feeling go away ....I don't want to care more then I already do...I want to care less and less till I don't give a fuck.
I still haven't figured out what Pinterest is all about.
They blitzed Linkedin with ads and maybe they are waiting for us to figure it out?
After a day off tonight, coming off a 73 night, we have 10 Locks for tomorrow.
Get all for 40, 5 for 25, or other packages as well.
Oh high new followers!
:D
11:11 is my favourite song.
I'm so excited for your concert and your new songs
no not you to?
Awesome!
Plan on next Wednesday at noon.
:
I didn't get to try your ice cream at Wits.
Methinks a private tasting at is in order!?
I just don't know about that for sure.
Someone check the rule book!
since you dont reply im behind you
Audio Addiktion loves the , we just wanted to hear more of our favorite SP songs!!
Hope you're not upset..:
Hate that!
RT: took a break from packing for found only empty vending machines in prep for m ...
how cold was it doing cave tubing?
Ahh well I hope you get some good tips this week!
:
There's something sweet about little nothings.
All kinds of theories going around about the mad coachella ticket dash
it's from All Falls Down!
RINGER was the best thing on tv Bring Back Ringer
Fasho whenever you're ready.
I think brotha d is coming through tomorrow morning.
I remember where I had my Bieber fan account than it got hacked and deleted.
..

aren't you puerto rican?
nigga do i look hispanic?!
half korean and black zach.
half korean and black.

thinks your work is great!
Kumani means destiny...may yours for the new year be a truly enlightening one!
looking forward to hearing from you about my manuscript.
Vanilla's Ladies COMING SOON!
Hilarious!
PLA folks warn not to wear badges out  then give us all bright hunting orange totes.
Use own if you can
Mistletoe by : 
Goddammit.
Barry bought a round of Bud Light Platinum.
But it's okay, Ponstein's here too
Can't wait til this Lakers/Thunder tip off!!!
You are wise, Golden One.
Want to thank you again for attending the NFM summit.
Means far more to me as an English Adjunct than a new study/report.
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
no hollering from me...lost my voice!
I'm at war with the physical  spiritual..
In search of new talent!!!
Is Garcia using AJ's old pitches ...
:l
This is the most Black women I've seen in one place at NYU, and for that alone I am grateful for !
Oh the many worlds
If you tweet your resignation from a company, does it count?
At the social security office to change my name.
But why does it have to smell so badly in here??
Thanks for letting me know!
are you going to the we came as romans show tonight?
SWAGG SWERVING is the newest and hottest DANCE www.youtube.com/soloxquzit FEEL MY SWAGGER is the single SWAGG SWERVING the dance
Again, you have no clue what you are talking about considering they are all related and neither interfere with each other.
Nice...RT : David Carr: People say LinkedIn is for old people.
Reid Hoffman response: like the people who will give you a job?
Who's excited for SNL this weekend?
Sofia Vergara anyone?
No?
One Direction?
I think yes!
Im excited for both..
HBU?
Haha, my Dad isn't on Twitter, no one in my fam is.
My Dad isn't on FB either.
Out of the mouth the heart speaks.
First time it's God second time it's something you are trying to do.
Dear NYC, send pizza!
We are always experimenting with interesting new flavor combinations and strive to provide you with a variety of choices each time you visit
Nailed it.
Nice to see the somebody gets it.
Its not 1975 anymore.
you are my inspiration and i love you.3
Spezza said all the pressure is on NYR buddy it's Game 7 if you're denying that there is pressure on you.
You're a liar.
8th seed or 1st.
either way tho we need to set up some sort of match.
What r fair teams?
nice to connect  you should keep your eye on if you ever want to voyage into hightech
Yup.
RT : As much as I am...
RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
For some reason this friday feels wierd I think im missin something..HateThatFillin umm imma find out lol
Thanks Terrence for the mentions.
Hope you and your family had a nice holiday weekend.
Wow, thanks for the tip!
Believe it or not at BL you had 5!
; I cheered for you since I had followed your blog/appearances
only in Milwaukee.
Icky
big ups for the FF love.
I'm always a day late.
Still in the lab !
Who wanna text me tonight
i tell u wen i get home
I'm live tweeting this to you.
Walking into an alley.
I'm peeing right now behind 2 dumpsters/a grease disposal.
: that is totally me!!!
Nothing makes a worse first impression than bad breath!
If you have to gargle wit gas...do what'cha gotta do!
By the way, I really want to like Veep on HBO, but it's on a different humor frequency than me.
I didn't laugh once.
Love JLD.
Even on a gloomy day, treat yourself to something bright  refreshing like a mojito.
Make your own beach!
5 all day
In the traditionally male dominated fields of science, engineering  military technology, women earn 41, 20  10 of the degrees.
Family reunion dinner!!
Actually went well.
For a first lol
RT : Again, sorry Yankees fans.
Dad was trying to get LeBron's knee.
He's as fucking inaccurate as Tebow lately.
Congrats to Ken Hedoctorck who closed a 28M Walgreens portfolio this week!
and Shane Myrbeck  thanks for great chat last night.
looking forward to more interaction!
starting out on Twitter  feels good!!
We are the Builder Exchange Event
Yeah idk what's going on with me.
But as long as I'm okay now, it's fine.
Thanks for caring :
Wow, qdoba  from taste to quality to service, underwhelming on ALL counts.
My heart belongs to
Happy 6mos opdx Roses bloom in the spring.
Sitting in my room listening to my boo :
awesome.
I should do the same.
Just got a letter telling me I got a 1.8 raise
I'm sexy and I know it asfdgfygferercvjkujsehasjkjnnj gone
you have all the good movies on your iPod!
Look for Allyson, Horvak  Stewarts book 'LA Rebellion of black filmmakers'
I never said you were a bitch, I said you were making bitch comments.
GOD DAMN!
You can get 2 man pitty pat game on that ass sheesh
After losing out on their initial choice at pick 22, WR K.
Wright, the Browns picked QB Weeden.
Now, QB Colt McCoy is being shopped.
Moon walk with Alan bean
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for
If an Angry Bird had a MySpace, it's mood would be forever angry.
Unless you find all the golden eggs, of course.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Four people were killed and 11 others were wounded in two coordinated attacks in Baghdad Thursday, the Iraq Interior Ministry said
Channing Tatum is the sexiest beast evverr.
How I've missed ny food
I'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from Starbucks.
there's this guy at the hotel I'm at named dominque..thought of chhhuuuu hehe
Hi Cat!How have you been?I hope amazing love, and wonderful!:
Sounds delicious!
Gotta love Louisiana Lickers!
Eminem is unique.
We're trending it tomorrow!
lol happy friday and enjoy.
I'm not a twitter expert even though most things on here are self explanatory.
Enjoy
Three days until my first Brewers game of 2012.
Three days until my first doctornks in 49 days.
The anticipation is palpable.
RT bruno mars is real elvis gangster right now.
I'm a fan.
get them hours girl!
I specifically remember the day I ran for 15 minutes without stopping so I can totally relate!
Yep.
That starbucks is the center of the world you know.
I've just had an apostrophe.
I think you mean epiphany.
we try to excel in all aspects of doctornk/coffee making.
:
A real man dosent make his girl jealous, he makes other girls jealous of his girl 3
I guess if there was a combination of whack and trifling, that would be the perfect description.
Oh, and porcine.
I freaking love that blue/red Coach doctorss.
Too many awesome colors.
Take all of my money!
you suck more dks than monica lewinsky!
Autoexposure, autofocus, 1080p video recording
Comcast just can't get it right.
It's amazing how dominant the visual system has been as a substrate for so many neuro topics.
Even in animals that mainly use other senses.
Looking good!
Sent you some notes for discussion :D
At cheer camp dinner break 3333
I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday.
The public needs art, and it is the responsibility of a 'selfproclaimed artist' to realize the public needs art...
WHAT NO YOU CAN'T MOVE YOU AREN'T ALLOWED
The truth is, if i could be with anyone, i would still choose you.
On the days I'm unable to take a big dump in the morning, I feel as if I've failed myself, you guys,  everyone else in my life.
I'm sorry.
I think that's her mom in the back!!
The only good news about all this shit is that they're making sure Obama wins reelection in a landslide
Book your fall travel now or a staycation at our beautiful property in sunny San Diego!
Mention this tweet and receive 20 off booking!!!
thanks 4 the follow, Fracking has just moved into central pa.
They are making a mess.
...but whoever heard of a British prince doing an email scam?
I had fun trick or treating...
Also spent time with Cassie, Cassidy, Caitlyn, Kendall, Jordanna, Gibby,Jake, Dereck  other friends toda ...
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT U...
BUT I'M HAVING A SIMPLY MARVELOUS DAY...
GREAT NEWS SHOOTING FROM EVERYWAY AND THATS WHATS UP...
;
When we stop learning, we start dying.
Dan Leahy at
ees gonna be quick and duurtay.
i'll be there thursday/friday.
you?
About to dance with some Eagles
yeah its gonna be a fucking blast!
Can't wait!
Did you know that the first comedy club was in Boston in 1634 and was actually a large stick used for beating comedians?
Why aren't we friends in real life then?
This saddens me greatly :
Anytime Patti!
Love the chat  hoping to make it tomorrow, but not sure I just have so much going Miss it though!
Ahahaha TMills cracks me up!!
RT : I'm that dude that got ur girlfriend to get my name tattooed
a wise man once said : You treat others how you want to be treated.Haters usually hate themselves.
When was your bday?
Watching NAS' Behind the Music.
STILL get chills when I hear Ether and One Mic.
remember  sunscreen is your friend!
Headed to Vegas!!!
Aww yeah
But life is good and I don't think things happened for the reason It's more like consequences of our action It's could be good or bad
Tonight's doctornk special: The Federale w/ tequila, sour, grapefruit  soda!
I hope direct TV is paying u for that!
Good luck to this weekend!
Need a free, easy to build website?
Check out !
You can get free website support as well as coworking event space at their
Good to see you this morning.
Thanks for your advice!
Must maintain the strongest military in the world .
.
.
But that is not enough
evn if we don't rely on horoscope, making too many plans beyond our capacity will make us weary
What?!
That's awesome!
Have fun and eat lots of bacon!
all the time
this is fucking pathetic magic make sum fucking baskets goddamn!!!!
Willingham hits for power but Lind is in an extended slump.
Hard to decide.
I chked it out sir !
Bomb keep it comin !
more shoulder rehab and then see if I can nail down trader joe,s gig, if not trying whole foods.
Patrick is awesome..
Looks out for me so much
Congrats to everyone graduating and good luck to all those with finals!
Christine, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
hey girl.
Happy New Year!
Whaddya know, I get spammed.
Shoulda known.
RT : Enter to win a 100 Dunkin Donuts  print free beverage Coupon
I hope that doctoram was just a glimpse into our actual future!
Just downloaded YourGirlDoesParty Mixtape by !!!
Omfg, it's crazy!
.
Love them!
there ass we should of beat them we left bases loaded twice with no outs all these team we loose to we could beat them
so who's gonna loan me 10,000?

oh and glad nobody was hurt!!!
what keeps your living tissue from dying if you are metal underneath?
Welcome to Bonamour Tracy Welborn!
We are happy to have you on the team :
Had a long week
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe someone controlling the windows
I love you ma!
You're coming into your sr yr now girl.!
I'm behind you 100 always
and awesome
I'ma be all I can be.
I hope you feel the same about yourself
New J Boogie's Dubtronic Science Album Out Today!
J Boogie returns with his third artist album  Available at FeeLit!
I need yall to Follow His tweets are mature and you can relate.
Follow now!
RT
it appears that he is trying!!!
He has up hill battle ahead!!!
the speech went well looking forward o more in 2012 , take care
you think you have insomnia
beef jerky
is still with GC group
Club Sirius st Patties day on and poppin already!
Get down here!!
: You are very welcome!
Happy Sunday to you too and thanks for all of your support.
Our menu is new!
Have you been in to see it?
Gotta do extra crunches after the shakes me  just smashed frm The Cookout!
I think birthday cakes may be the cause of obesity.
My office has had three birthdays, thus three cakes this week.
Woah!
That wasn't a motorcycle picture.
Certain shit I'm not a glutton for, for every bad bitch theres a nigga tired of fuckin her.
Thank you for bring back lots of sweedish chocolate.
This is not going to be good for my diet
Im the shit at doing stuff at the last minute....but i don't like to brag.
hehe
You WILL win this game!!
Hahaha!
an absolute benini sculpture of a goal!
Maccen watch a movie :P

thanks for the tweet to remind me  retweet.
We sent out a blast on it friday.
About 200 opens.
Hope to see you there.

Actually I DO feel sorry every time, I know how annoying it is.
It's a bad habit that I'm trying to break.
Getting ready to have lunch w/ Marcus Brumer of Davis  Associates in Atlanta, long time client.
Hey, New York SLA peeps  who's going to the SLANY Happy Hour at Ulysses, downtown?
I'll be there!
true lets do this to start off summer!
I'm just wondering when is gonna offer me up a sponsorship deal ;
when will u be teaching a class at quest studio
MAKE THE MOVES ...
ugh, how to tread lightly when what is required is a good stomp?
what's your fav movie
i'm still figuring out life
Just got done grubbing now I'm back to work in da studio b4 I go grub once mo!!!
check out danklifeblog
the one in orchard park!
Ill pinch the shit out of you;
Hearing chatter about Ron Paul supporters heading to Tampa for RNC2012 convention.
Keep it cool.
Place will be like police state!
LOUD NOISES!!
would have gotten the point across equally well and saved a lot of paint
This Dick Bitch!
you already know!
I always pause when I hear voice votes like the last one, that sound too close to call, but they just leave it there.
If rashad can't take jones down its gonna open his hands up big time if he can't he's gonna get picked apart from the outside!
Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day also just happens to be 's next Book Club read.
2night we hit at 9pm at the amazing w full live band   DJ
That should be dairy, not diary.
We don't add people's personal journals to our yogurt, I swear.
And now I wanna change my name to Dennis Kucinich, just for you....
;
pandora flow today...
Need the laughs
I learn from the best
Wade is such a pussyass sore sport.
By your thoughts you are daily, even hourly, building your life; you are carving your destiny.
Ruth Barrik Golden.
Don't have time to develop this, but for and 's Jdoctor tshirt contest I'm seeing, the original C Walk in my head
Going on field trip to ArlingtonHouse today, interested to see how earthquake repairs progress.
told myself i was starting homework at nine and what happened?
nothing happened.
It was an interesting look...
I wonder if he looks back on our conversations, and smiles like I do.
: Just got a phone call from my ex, he's horny and is on his way over.
bootycall I wanna join u guys;
Many will doubt simply because they will never achieve what they doctoram.
But you only need few to believe in you to become king.
habanero maple syrup sounds amazing!
Thanks, again, for registering yourself, Jennifer and Laura for umbcsocial.
We look forward to seeing you in January!
Happy Birthday Thomas
damn not only does hate me becuz,of my bag he, will hate me more lol but its kool
All lasting business is built on friendship.
Alfred A.
Montapert
you're welcome!!
U need to get on a plane today and come help me cheer the heros to a title.
Lotta 65 sngs going off too
dig: Fred Hersch Trio's album Whirl
RT : AND WE'RE UP!!!
whoyouwit!
oneletteroffmovies The Empire Strokes Back
Yep, got that.
Just waiting for the Sat start time from you.
Only one guy did anything wrong there: the guy with abe lincoln tattooed on his adam's apple,
I believe everything happens for a reason.
What's hard is trying to figure out that reason.
So what do i do now that your not around..
Well frankly I don't know how it ever died in the first place.
: I'm in.
Long live DLFC!
Hey what happened to my other pillow?!
Now I only have one!
And this one sucks :
good luck, I hope you stay awake and your brain soaks in everything sponge haha
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
i think its a wee bit passé to talk about what santa brought you..
merry christmas everyone!
Knicks are holding off the Heat with Chandler on the bench, that is key.
Good Morning!
Late night, stayed up until 3am networking another printer to print more cruise documents!
Going to deliver docs today!
:
lol!
Let's give him a month there before we start asking for free shit
No Boyz Allowed tonight at Stoner Rec Center in West LA, and Q's after.
Excited to meet my lovely teammates!
going to sleep in an hour.
apwh makes you cool...
great link, thanks!
Big night in Mesher house.
Both  have dates over 4 dinner.
Mom is charming.
Dad looking 4 his bat
We've got a new billboard up on 315 ...
anyone seen it?
Dude, Phillies wont make the playoffs this year.
Team is aging and cant hit.
They should trade Hamels for some stud prospects
So she wants to be Lady Gaga.
That's good to know!
I have a Canon  I've never purchased a Nikon.
I'll need to keep that in mind!
nah.
I doubt it.
He should just retire...
I always did look up to you the most Cap
Looking forward to tonight..doing interviews with artmiami.TV
Didn't hear back from you, so gave the extra seat away.
But I'll buy you popcorn if you show.
Hugs, Laremy
People do not like to insure against the abstract; the risk that inherits their attention is always vivid
Agreed.
A business needs a legitimate web face.
I think I am better than you
Cat hair in my eye.
i'm having trouble with the new iPhone app upgrade.
It's so slow.
I can't use it all.
Is there a way to revert to the old?
THAT WAS AWESOME!
THE RING IMPLODED!
Or let me say FUKin LEECHEs...nt bout to suck me doctor
Thanks guys.
Good to know it's just twitter getting its crack fix and not me/my computer!
I can't change the past, but why can't I stop it from bothering me so much?
My goal is to live in the now.
see what is important in present
just taught Joan an amazing trick :D
I see you Bynum !
sexisbestwhen you're really digging each other and there's alot of passion involved....
Heck yeah.
See you then.
Safe travels!
follow back
Hey guys, we ate at Freebirds last night.
Like the look of the place, people were great just wish the food was better.
and best movie about old man strength, ever
Thanks so much for the RT..and STILL screamin'...
hehe arres we'll do like a search and destroy um i mean find ana hehe
awee it's cute c:
: but if you truly think about it all I ever really go for our girls so I feel like this conversation is irrelevant
I am proud of the UMC when we are working to end malaria but not when we exclude certain groups of people.
All means all.
the picture!
How is your week coming along?
Have you checked out our Educational Toys!?
I want to watch Gabbarsingh again.This time, I will buy whistles and trumpets.
Audience should match hero's wavelength you see :
best wishes!!
Disappointed overall or that Edie wasn't included?
Given what transpired between Sheridan  Cherry, didn't expect to see her.
RT : appears in new promotional video for Somali Youth League's Jan.
14 Walk4Somalia.
Are you going?...
Long day.
Knees are killing me, hands are rough, raw, and blistered and my biceps won't stop twitching
Zellers has enough votes for a plan that uses general fund tax dollars but not a plan that doesn't?
Where is the speaker?
I had a doctoram that me and lived together
Oh, glad she cleared that up
please im begging you for my girls it would mean so much
Google Plus is taking over Facebook as an interactive social network.
Do you agree or disagree?
Running is getting a little easier out here.
I did about 1.5 miles today and didn't hurl or want to die!
But then I had pizza and cake.
Oops
YOU'RE UP, ASDFGHHJKL, GOOD LUCK!
YEP!
got my ticket already, for the chicago show!
stoked!
YOU?
Don't forget to get a 20 gift card to KISS coffee for 10 at livingsocial.com!
Plus, get 25 off all art and gifts.
not surprised.
It seems like a good idea but the only things I've seen from them are posters, tshirts and blog posts.
Conference tournament champions !!!!
Send a piece of that over.
I'm hungry.
cant believe this crap...talk about a mini game changer
follow the lovely
RT : Thx!
Thanks for thinking of us.
Let's get caught up while we're in town
if you care to find me look towards the western sky!
In Vegas for two days!
Plan to see Ka tonight
Scored suede black bootie wedges for 30 !
Rondo's jump shot is gettin better :
Ata boy Turiaf do what you do best
Good thing that Ron Paul has absolutely no chance to win the nomination.
He's the only GOP candidate with plausible ideas.
TONIGHT: We pay homage to unsigned artists  celebrate 10 yrs of weekly showcasing.
Club Pyramid, NYC8pm 20
ohh it does ?
And why u mad at me ?
With all the baseball  sex references, I'm surprised I've never heard one about scoring position
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you.
anyone know how to keep cats from eating fish?
hey girly!!!
Hope ur doing heart too :
Radiology report is in, and the news is not good.
Lower spinal problems have progressed to a severe level  surgery is likely in my future.
I just woke up from an hour nap, too, if that makes you feel better.
that is like a beautiful van gogh painting!!
Is this doing Karaoke?
You bet, Ron.
Hope you're good.
The dude who played Kirk is a lock for the doctormmer.
Who would also be a Cylon.
and I wanna see
Royals fans, what happened with Dyson out at the plate 1st inning?
Was the hit and run on?
I'm only watching the gameday tracker...
oh yesh!
Bring the band down sometime!
We'll do a show swap.
Maybe eat some chicken!
Hello wts good,Do you have a contact for production?
Tweeting birds, green grass, buds popping up, 54 degrees in Chicago on Jan 6...
ThisisWinter???
Great.
I'm allergic to chigger bites.
just checked and it's not showing that I sent any spam.
Can you send me what you received please?
I'm so sorry I haven't wished you congrats yet.
That's awesome right??
Can't miss it gotta watch it every week :
told you that you would.
Oh ffs.
Pagan class had guided meditation work.
I fell asleep.
U know what i hate...
Its when ur friend is only ur friend when hes single.
Then he finds someone and he pretends u never existed.
You think you could give us a little peek for the summer line?
;
just finished fotoshoot with some of my new outfits...
The only day a year I don't set my alarm and I wake up at 9:30
Why is my back always hurting :?
How am I suppose to react when it's 2:30am and you asked me to answer your ph with a caller ID that read Ass and you're in my bed??????
I am loving this week's episode!
The ghost chili is a must!
It makes me crave turkey chili paired w/ Domaine Haegi Riesling!
i'll take latkes over ham any day
Found my outfit for Saturday.
:3
YIKES!
Good luck and post the results.
For some reason, I wish I had freckles.
:
A biz proposal is diff than a proposition.
Propositions won't sell.
Need to build a relationship w your proposal, Andy Schloss
Still have my miniature WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE in German, bought at the Heidelberg train station in 1987.
Und jetzt machen wir Krach!
way to ruin the ending for me Alejandoctor excusemewhileigocry inthiscornerundermybed 
Seriously.
Who passes a funeral procession?
Are you going to be there, tweeting?
I need to know when it's really starting  guessing around 11:30.
Voting for Josh.
Thx.
Tell me whatcha want, cause we can do just whatcha like ;
This day is going great I passed my doctorg tEst yesterday
he got dunked on SAP!
Lol
they both mean the same thing ..its twitter not school.
:p
If you don't have FuelTV, FOX Deportes has the prelims for
nfais let me take this moment to say that I know nothing of Australian music aside from Nick Cave, Ac/dc and the Dirty Three.
I need Trove.
I40 West is a mess, but motorcycles on the shoulder r doing just fine
Remember that water is all you need if you only have one activity in a day and you are exercising less than 60 minutes!
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
We are now hiring, please email us at
Moonlighting on the morning shift and producing live at noon today with Tune in for lots of news mixed with some fun!
Oh ok then you don't watch basketball.
If you have an idea for either a social network, dating site, classifieds site or a combination of all three, WE CAN HELP YOU !
6197952995
Is anyone watching Larry King Live who just saw that bizarre exchange??
Who was that?
That was awesome!!!
Great Job!!!
Ramsell making K beautiful with
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
woow if u dont like why dont u just say so...
no need to be fake
!
love love love all of the above with !
But I love being ignored unless you need something!
:
My jaw is on the floor.
Theon is entirely too doctornk with power.
Wow.
I got tomorrow and thursday off it's up to you.
We can do tomorrow if u want to
I miss Austin
Never hope for the merman.
Save some for us!
RT : Whats better than the Stanley Cup?
A full size replica made of chocolate Gonna fill w peanut...
The car to my left and to my right both have KeyWest stickers.
Ok, Twitter is way too addicting...
haha offlineforreal..
it think O.o
Come to the Hippocrates Cafe, 1/25, noon, Gingko Bistro.
Readings of Woody Allen  other greats pondering the mysteries of Body Mass Index.
Lazy day.
doctorvin back to Ft.
Collins later, meeting at 7, then time to go hard for 8 more weeks.
We need to get off TV and get to the bottom of this Ryan Braun test
so if we could just get rid of the people who strive for this so called Normalcy ...we'd all be good, right??
: Let's do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No reeses for me!
RT : Impossible!
peanut butter cups?
RT :
Tomorrow I'm throwing a twitter party at 10:00PM in honor of the boyz returning on ABDC.
Don't miss it.
;
the airport ???
Omg Wut I thought they were doctorving ah can u tell me anything Please haha
I swear my whole school was at wendys 
Bike Night tomorrow.
Rain or shine!
can you still be an environmentalist and still believe in paper towels?
A Quark Extractor Machine?
Sure, loads of them.
my taste in movies was not very sophisticated.
I also liked The Man w the Golden Gun, prob one of the worst movies ever!
Thx for following.
Where are you getting your degree?
Do you have an internship?
How do you make a housing biz plan without fannie and freddie.
Wharton professorasks
which is exactly what I said.
Shrieked, rather.
that is cool!
I know it is
you were amazing at the teenhoot last night.
Such a hard act to follow!
Thanks for sharing the stage with us!
Very true words!
25.5k after level 1.
Playing well, made some huge folds to big fish who get there a ton...
one more thing happy new years to u n ur family..keep up allthe good work ur so bless to do.God bless u n ur family...
Yeah ok...
Yo what happened to this dude kickin knowledge?
Watching XMen: First Class, followed by alcohol!!
:D
In Augusta airport!!
.
With the kids and I sick this week, I missed my idevblogaday Back to the queue I go, good luck to the next in line :
Okay, I'm doctornking beer with michelada mix in it.
too cute!
What's her name?!
Checked out our statement from our Spotify listens today.
Good news is, you're listening!
Bad news: all your listens totals to 2.10!
Question of day....Best game promo you've seen or heard of?
hahahahahahahahah that was my favorite one
np N.W.A.
Straight Outta Compton
excuse me chicken and smoke....
On my hustle.
Beautiful struggle.
Yes, I'm not the biggest account here, but I do love Ariana with all my heart  soul.
Have faith in her!
She don't disappoint  Bretana
RT  Cleveland Indians games, Cleveland Browns games, Cleveland Cavs games, Akron Aeros games and Cedar Point!
Gon get high az a kite and write my name in the clouds
You made my day extra special!!!!
Thank you BFF!!!!
3 you!!!!
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?!?!
:
agreed.
Jeremy found out because his ghost came to him :
Be prepared for a rant from me y'all.
Like what is with people out here?
LA really doctorves people nuts.
Being nuts looks good on no one.
well yeah you can't just mingle with ANYBODY haha
Work/Life balance is a fantasy.
How about work/life integration?
A hardon doesn't count as personal growth.
Fuck you college board!!!
finishing up my term paper...might be a little late to class today
OMG ME PLZ PLZ I WOULD LOVE U FOREVER 3
like having to deal with pain has ever stopped me before, consequences be damned :
I won my first game of beer pong thanks to
Hope you're having a great Easter Sandy!
:
Just watched americanhorrorstory.
SCARY!
Thanks, you ROCK, my friend!
Had some fruit sauce with breakfast.
I feel like a bonafide Benson.
Lol
Great having you!
Cannot wait for Sonnen to whoop on the Bisbing until he's out for the Count!!
Haha
Eff it.
I can't nap now cuz I'll never go to sleep tonight..ugh
ha!
Thanks!
I love you guys!
Like I said before just because my tweet applies to you doesn't mean it's directed towards you, hoe.
tough series to miss!
I'll cheer extra loud for you.
I just picked up about 20 Tix too so maybe we can hit up another one.
schoolmemories the way me and my team were well known by everyone
i want to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Is it just me or is Aaron Rodgers wearing under armor from the Bart Starr collection.
This kids butt crack is hanging out everyday...
Nice air flow I guess.
Awesome list.
My friend is in the Franklin Park pic!
Trained spotter reported half dollar size hail just SE of Lake Mills as storms moved through.
Got my awesome costume for my final/play tonight.
I'm sure my slut wife and her lover are excited too.
That all sounds good.
When you launch do a mention of us so I can admire what you built.
Happy to retweet to promote it for you too
Woodfish with Zoso at The Starland Ballroom on Saturday Feb 19th!
Get tickets now at www.woodfishmusic.com
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
Thanks!
I followed back : RT : You've been followed :
We'll miss you!
This Thurs.
join me and Sat.
I'm booked for a grand opening at a club in the valley.
Details coming soon!
Did lakers win last night passed out..
I'm guessing they dint..
smhhh.
watching the news I guess there is protesting going on back home or something ?
Judging by my sunburn/tan, summer is here!
Going to play the first place team in kickball...
we will beat them tonight!
I can feel it
Congratulations and thanks for entering.
Well, guess I should call it a night.
Health care providers could ask about preferences for learning.
What tools could they use to adapt info to learning style?
Well aren't you the sweetest?
PS.
When do you move?
I need a catchup date before this happens.
I don't know what I ate!
we all need a girls day together!
Love u my girls!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm following back.
We're looking for a label for Interested?
If you have Facebook, sync it w/ your acct.
You can see your activity log  other stats.
epharma.
Good social media policies allow enough flexibility for rapid responses  fard johnmar presenter
Ready for the CIC Digital Humanities gathering today in Lincoln.
Wtf a girl is still wearing uggs to school....
no im actually 56...still younger than you tho
I always find a way to spill something on myself while eating.
EVERY TIME!
why?
Went to get my S3 DVDs from 's The Wire Box Set and was crestfallen to see that it has duplicate disc 2s and no disc 1
Congrats to Spencer Locke who has just booked a Guest Star on CSI Miami!!!!
2012 shall be named Year of the Pumpkin!
Honestly, write the best songs ever.
They are so poetic.
I'm in love with it.
I hope they never stop writing beautiful music.
3
Parents can help manage ADD symptoms by being clear about what behaviors they want a child to work on.
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine.
you hear the rack city verse on my fbook?
this school bus irritates me..its way to sensitive to the little bumps in the road and the rocks.
aww miss u too girly im at the death trap right noww 
Great, but that seems to imply that it's not usually used for reprints/reissues, right?
If a girl says whatever, She really means, I hope you get shot, Fall off a bridge, Get raped by a shark, And then eaten by it.
I know how you feel!
And it hella pisses me off
just started reading Elizabeth Dyrud Lyman's dissertation Visible Language in Theatrical Texts and am already impressed.
Working w today!!
HAM
I bet!
Is it just you guys or is someone else performing too
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
thats fine love, and i kno you dont want to be blastin ya personal shit on the TL so you wanna DM?
Damn!
You are right about that!
14  14 just like that..,
Your tweet got lost.
I am so sorry.
I hope you were able to get in with Iris when you wanted.
She rocks!
I just almost died when i heard the rumor about Justin Bieber dying!
D:
Sweet!
You can now assign a user name to a Facebook Fan Page.
Check out ours: www.facebook.com/boldtechnologies and become a fan!
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quicky!
2pac
Great post, should be required reading for all managers/executives.
Empowering individuals is more effective than giving orders.
.
2012 film watching!
37.
The Grey Well made film, a survival horror film.
Verry depressing though.
Near, far, wherever you are you better get to a computer because we'll be posting our big V Day screenings sometime between now and noon!
Why does school have to be so hard
: I will have a Range Rover.
I will have a nice house.
I will have Armani suits.
I will have money...
Plenty of money.
thanks for listening.
Let us know what you think.
My adventure tank is a little low.
: You are butt at basketball, hahah.
Have a Good Day Twitter
B1 Live up!
insanity is not doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
That's called perseverance
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Theyre nice its unnerving.
But good.
If this feeling of soreness, fatigue and doctor mouth progresses much more, I may just have to admit that I'm sick and go back to bed.
Farm Column: Dairy calf housing has evolved from stalls, pens  Fond du Lac Reporter
I already paid too late.
I really want to get a puppy....
Hopefully I can find a puppy that likes music.
LOL
Found out reads the audiobook version of Ready Player One during the signing at Boswell Book Company tonight.
Neat!
no it didn't work out!
Lecrae was gone on tour:
How are we a firstworld country and haven't yet outlawed 1 ply toilet paper?
If there's ever a need for Government regulation, this is it!
Buying loads of music to redo my iPhone
U See My Winter Hats??
just saw your message!
what a jerk?
This is some kind of sign.
I just found Roadhouse on cable for the second time in three weeks.
Maybe the Rapture is imminent after all.
Mystery bird sound in our production track is really giving is fits.
wtfbirds??
my husband said yesterday..man, youre not on twitter anymore...THANK GOD!
LOL YOURE BUSY NOW LOL  0O lol i am really busy these days..
Ion know wuz worse......accepting failure or bein afraid of success.
They BOTH bad n my opinion.
Catalogers, what are some differences between working in public and academic libs., apart from obvious classif.
systems?
Boston says no  you have a proximity infatuation with bledsoe..he's not that good...boston could do way better
Pow!!!
RT : pussy cat won't fight Margarita or PAC Man
yes, thanks.
Proposal submitted!
the new Tokyo Police Club is ridiculously good
Love this.
Bulls  Hawks tonight 2 all bottles, 3 Call doctornks  Shots, 5 Bombs.
Open at 1pm every Thursday
in the book, it talks abt forgiveness and trust.
You can forgive the person, but that doesnt mean u trust them.
So true.
Thanks love!
Never regret yesterday.
Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow.
L.
Ron Hubbard
I hope everyone has a good weekend!
Overfilled my damned swimming pool.
Oh well, so hot in AZ it'll evaporate quickly.
I'm my brothers keeper and we closer than a rib
It feels, smells, tastes, sounds, everything like a game day.
Haha, thank you!
Thank you for reminding us that it's lunch time.
And yes, cookies are for lunch too.
yes we do.
We are ready to rock!!
Hit me up anytime.
hey guys, at what point do i learn to keep my big, fat mouth SHUT?
yes very good!
great workouts, great weather and great time with my family :
Can some1 help me w/ my language arts?
We had 2 pick a topic say why something is dangerous  I'm doin cheer.
Can ppl help me 4 reasons y?
Ed Lasowska on exponential growth of computing tech: Apollo strength computer now available in a
data doesn't take decisions, however it really helps you be more confident In the decision making process says
Yes?!??
Who hasn't seen that!
And BrokeDownPalace ...
Classics lol
by the way I respect KNOWLEDGABLE and CLASSY female fans.
Have a nice night.
ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck am I gonna need to know this?
Education Notebook: Central Georgia Tech aims to help lowincome, minority students
Another letter that baffles me: As a business professorssional in the Education industry...
Um...since when am I a business professorssional?
Marcel says purple.
Reconsidering my participation.
Found 10 pooper scooping my yard.
I'm telling myself it is a Christmas tip from my dogs.
How was everything!
Some pol just dnt know how it feels to have a mother that does nothing for yu unfortunately I'm one of those ppl
When I was in the shape that I was in that photo I would go to the gym 3 times a week for a few hours and I was running with a weighted ...
aw you just made my day!!!
loveit Twinsies  that's us happy on our bday!!!
Dare to go Bare this Halloween!
Between today and Oct.
31, buy a pair of shoes and get a copy of Born to Run or a pair of socks FREE!
Rematch!
Brady is gonna want revenge for the ruined little measly perfect season a few years ago!
Saw GAWW!
and a newsweek link, like oh shit!
Fresh is in newsweek!?
Shoulda known it was a picture of a damn cat smh haha
Imperial pizza and fingers
The Voice is so cute right now.
Except Christina in panties......
Congrats to Nicki S.
for winning the beast!
I know...
but it's just so disappointing he didn't even try for it.
Keep up the good work!
Enjoy your show!
Got the NewBing it's awesome!!
Now just ready to win the lumia 900 from
yeah its kraazy
thank you!
I spent it grading but had a nice dinner :
so very true, Guinness bottles tend to just make me sad.
Unless it's their Black Lager which I really like.
Kevin Baggott's film HERE is now titled BENEATH DISHEVELED SKIES!
I also have lead roles in other upcoming projects.
Being single doesn't mean your always available.
On The Score tomorrow 9:05 Rockies pitcher Joe Beimel!
Tune to AM 1510
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Im always thinking...always
I don't mind Bieber, but that would be fucking great.
A higher Ed working group, been attending for years
Its been 7 days since we hung out
perfect got it no its working
We are now on your smartphone!!!!
Check us out at www.Wolfeyedesigns.com!!
Thanks 4 following me !
Nice 2 meet you here on Twitter!
You are my 1st friend from UT.
I have flown over but never visited
I would have to say it's the best of the joys of painting with Bob Ross!
The guy is amazing!
telling myself I'm checking out slpeeps for BSHM but seriously procrastinating because I need to workout
Hope you snacked on one yesterday  it was National Chocolate Chip Day!
Switch scrolling so it's not backward.
Everything else is livable.
Goodness,Rachell!
Stunning economic illiteracy on your part.
It's competition at it's best, with savings for consumers.
set realistic goals for yourself.
unrealistic goals often lead to exercise doctorpout or injury
KPO vendors are constantly trying to improve on their language capabilities
At home, taking care of my son today!
Good morning followers.
What a beautiful day to entertain.
157 this morning.
I thank you all......
What are you doing fun this US holiday weekend?
Sitting by the pool....
melting.
Toyota Corolla loaner base model was OK but a bit bland.
By comparison, Matrix is wagon, has sunroof, AWD, and stiffer suspension.
I'm getting lots of unwanted / unwelcome tweets either mentioning me or DMs.
How do you stop these?
Prob just made it worse, huh?
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life.
Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary...
Got a bad bitch look tropic, fuck me right  she shoppin.
keeper implies protector, which is what curate used to imply before it turned into selector.
Either way, i like it.
Its coming...
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT!
and tell me if u did
Saw my first cardholding hipster of the season.
Oxfords, suspenders, chromed bike helmet, messenger bag, and tiny mustache all installed.
Still waiting for the day when Peter O'Toole livetweets during a broadcast of Lawrence of Arabia
you're going to love it out there  I just know it!
Sweet Setup
Me either.
I just made one to have it since my friends kept bugging me about it.
I never know what to tweet about...
She's in Nicaragua
Got a mind boggling decision to make this week.
Going to sleep on it and go from there.
: top 5 beyonce song!
excuse me
There are literally hundoctords of food additives including colors, flavors, spices and preservatives, that are added to the foods we eat...
and those were supposed to be the good white people...
The term memory crickets isn't used enough in conversation.
doctor Marvin Smith is written about: stevehabib.blogspot.com Marvin's music is on: vimeo.com/bugalusmith
I just got a call from someone asking if im fat.
It was so weird
The realist niggas say ya lyrics do shit for me
Will do!
RT tell the hubby we said hello!
Had lunch with the Doppmans on Monday in DC.
Hope all is well!
Today's Daily O LTE from Councilmember Lawson should give us pause...
Who's goin to tonight?!
Israel, We loved having you as a judge  thank you!
Too cold in LA today, roadtrip to Palm Springs!
Awesome seeing you and the space shuttle.
Did y'all stay for the last 2 passes?
It ain't really as hot as I thought it was.
Yeah, yeah, you betcha!
Welcome.
SD users.
If you're near Pacific beach Surf Shop take a photo of the beach and upload to Earn cash!
MARISKA WILL WIN PICTIONARY!!
sorry jimmy........
Hahaha!
God bless you too!
congrats on the nomination!
Time To whack off then going to sleep..
lol jpjp I'm not even going to sleep yet.
Get it girl come on I'm prayn n fingers r crossed
Don't worry, it usually only takes about a day.
stm2012 Looking forward to next week's conference!
for as much as we know about space and the depths of the sea, the complexity of the human condition seems an infinite mystery.
So pissed I wasn't invited to the Oscars despite all my nominations.
Oh yeah, the 1hr NISO eBook webex isn't just for my Open Annotation slides...
cut, cut, cut...
I just shared an elevator with what may/may not have been Patrick Stewart.
He was eating a bag of kettle corn.
My day beat your day.
Call 2643585 to make a reservation at Indy's favorite Italian restaurant.
Thanks for sympathies!
Nothing antibiotics can't cure but still.
That sht is nasty!
let me get that follow back Rachel!
where is that??
van troubles, truly sorry!
Contagion: Another movie that makes me want to become a gun nut and get a twobedoctorom apartment so I have room to stockpile food and water.
mm come see us all at Firehouse 13 tonight!
double high fives!!
did someone hack your account?
Haha
ahh sorry i didnt reply, didnt get a notification!
.
but ah right how come you see it in boston and not in lincoln?
:o x
life, love and the reason for all things
We can not be so content in our lives, in our ministries, in our stuff that we forget that Jesus charged us with the Great Commission.
GO...
sec211 I'll try my best to get there!
one pissed off bitch right now.
Today, as I heard on the radio, is the day The Beatles broke up.
So I'm listening to them all day, well minus work time.
I heard y'all ,y'all r great singer follow plz
Massage is therapeutic for your relationship.
Try it!
Bout to go to school and see my besties 
Utah State's kicker is NOW qualified to play for the Broncos
girl I got nervous!!
Don't ever fast on Me lol happy v day
Only like 4 good bands : I'm so tempted to go to Nevada.
Man, that Cartwheels On A Gravel Road song by Lucinda Williams is great.
I hate knowing you crushin on someone ,  you want them ....but cant get them b/c they so dumb NOT to notice a good thing
Thanks for the RT!
Cbad Street Fair was great!
What is your favorite thing to do in SanDiego?
I find it amusing when people misuse big words in the attempt to sound smart.
Had a great time at Ladyface singing Irish doctornking songs last night.
Great titles like Beer Beer Beer and Whiskey You're the Devil.
I feel irritable and overly aggressive if I DONT have french fries and cookies...
I'm up cant sleep i havent bn to sleep alday, now I'm goin to eat popcorn and watch a movie don't know wat though, m :!
slow night 50 1 at bills gamblin hall..
couldnt get it going ...
up 10 bucks lol bo self
did they really break up?
not currently but we may in the future for sure.
If that gecko lets you know whether he's British or Australian, will you report back to me?
Legit request.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
Roller coaster day in the bucs sign Eric Legrand, bounty gate suspensions, now Junior Seau dead, and It's only 1:30.
ugh.
coffee is starting to make my tummy hurt.:
Exciting final day on the set of Wolf Trap.
Congrats to cast and crew on a very special production!
Hey buddies!
Try it now!
I heard your book is on the shelves, congrats!
Can't wait to read it
Turn to you
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
What are you in the mood for?
How about or Edo's Squid
YEAH!;D
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
I won't be at HH, but Saturday sounds fine.
I'm thinking of hitting up the startbucks between your place and mine sometime soon!
Thanks so much!
oh yea i saw that
Haha!
I have and agree.
At oaks park on thisbeautiful day family day today :
omg I told u we had the longest convo by 2 sec and u hung up
Singing  I never thought you'd be the 1 make me shine brighter than the sun
Or...anywhere in LA.
Come Check us out  Peppers in Broad Ripple on Saturday night!!!!
Just seen the march down Market St...
Fing Awesome!
YouNotUglyBut your cockiness level should not be that high .
K, Lsu lookin like ruskin right now
Good Morning :
I am SO lucky 
So important to have photos on fb.
New timeline is image doctorven.
Working, Indian food, work, Ugly Truth with some Frenchies
Getting ready for work:
All work and no play does not describe a WAAL Conference  2009 or 2010.
Worth a look : Checking out the NationBuilder webinar with There's another one Tuesday, worth a look!
I can't stop thinking about the application of the overthetop technologies concept to whole genome sequencing.
Sure I'm not alone in this.
Bittersweet.
Have a huge stash of unused iPhone USB cables from over the years.
Glad they are updating it though.
Quit hiding behind the filibuster and do your job!
Jusrt give us an up or down vote
I am so in love with Adventuretime.
Finn is my man.
My past makes me who I am right or wrong bad or good I dont regrate my past or who I am today..
I'm so jealous of because she's dating Zac Efron and I'll never have him.
Wait...did I just hear the Republicans say they are going to caucus to listen to some music?
Feeling a sour gummy worm craving coming on.
It either means that I am getting creative or just really stressed.
Fear, it's the latter...
just finished the hbs partners panel for ASW...what a difference a year makes :
Visit us at the Assessment Institute in Indianapolis, Oct 30  Nov 1.
3 ritee I go to sleep listen to music
Gov Patrick:people actually want more service, longer hours, modest and totally appropriate expansions like Green Line to Tufts and beyond
Hollywood is pissa.
Let's make a shitty movie like Battleship and sit back and think...
How can we make this really shitty?
Add Rihanna!!
the starting two guard on the Detroit Homeless squad.
RT : Who the hell is that??
lmao
I know bro like I want her back!
I feel like Jasmine Sullivan!
:/
I'm real late.
MCA from beastie boys died!
Man my entire youth is crumbling before my very eyes.
I'm that old guy saying this was the jam
I am so pissed
also..
I want to steal his hat.
I could totally rock that
It was what it was...maybe next year.
hello gorgeous!:
always!
i need to visit you guys soon :
I just wanna cry
This one photo has it all in one place.
The family dining table the 50's  a time of peace, prosperity and cool stuff.
RT  I'ont brag im gone let yo nigga do that for me :
Who has swipes for the cafe?
WOW  so sad : RT : BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47.
haha!
I'm worried I did clean out a few tweeps I didn't mean to!
I would half to watch it again..
Get the latest on Radiology by attending one of the many Small Animal sessions brought to you by Securos, Universal Ultrasound.
haha your probably right!
I been good.
How about yourself
hey u wassup
sick, huh?
More like travisgetshometodayitis
true, true...
I need to come back to lakeside!
Hey do you still have that lakeside basketball shirt?
:
wood and prior were awesome RT : Man, 2003 was a long time ago.
Someone by my locker is wearing way too much perfume.
If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to everyone who ever told you how to live your life then you deserve it
Of course!
We love to tweet about our fellows' activities.
I'd like to know if the thermometer in my car is broken or it's really 59 degrees all day and night every single day.
Hates when plans fall through.
Why all the historical angst today?
Just got some bus tix to a client near Pike Place Market
wats goin on...i wanna b down
Cool, I be right out.
Btw I never wear a suit!
Need an update on vps305 server and when it will be back up!
Giants in an unbelievable performance upset the Packers!
awesome Ben.
Thanks for the follow.
Connect with me on Linked In too if you can!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Oh three door slams.
Yeah, that will teach me.
guys who play baseball are so hott.
Ohio polls closing in 15 min to repeal SB5.
Save collective bargaining rights.
public sector workers
My committee straight out the septic tank SHITTY.
CowboyNation game on!
: heyy how are ya!!!!
I'm great!
It's bright and sunny in Nashville!
How are you?
Have a good day everyone!
XOXO
so have you moved to NYC or do you just have a apartment to stay in the week while you do the five?
Thanks for the RT Simon!
u betta be..but we shall see one another when its warm and time to get naughty :
lmao....
if it was me I would have stolen their car seats!
According to , I'll have better luck in Texas!
OMG.
Just saw the news!!!
So awesome!
Congratulations!
There are not enough exclamation points in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Packing up everything in my room basically has taken almost a week...haha
My email love fest with and has been rekindled, for now.
All is right with the world.
Ask about the Tour of Scottsville at Charmed Butterfly Boutique on Valley Street, across from Dollar General.
Remaining calm and keeping your head is one of the keys to success.
If you allow yourself to be an emotional out of control mess, you lose.
Customer Testimonal from 122811 Luke Miller is haven Smokin Good BBq for dinner....
o god its so good!!!
Something tells me not trust her , and I forgive and what not , but nahh cuz something tells me its all for attention.
Good mornin!
Got a great nights sleep!
I'm with you.
It has been way too long since we shared kimchi prepared 95 different ways.
Thank you for leaving alone
Nov 2010 was the teaparty taking back control of elected officials, the fear in republicans is not disquised, 2012 is ours not theirs
I'll be gone after 1:30 today, but will be here most of tomorrow.
You can also just leave by my back door anytime.
we're powering the Entertainment section of TBD.
Let me know if you'd like to chat about it!
But wait......I didnt put that hickie on your neck.
Race for th Cure today at Boom town, please stop raining!
I finally give in and try to join Pinterest, and now I'm on a waiting list?
thank you Delanie!!!
Same to you :
The only info confirmed about the release date is that it's later this year.
Carmel holds off Kokomo to advance to the regional final.
so happy it's christmas week :
you are going to have a craving for a few days my friend.
We are closed thru Tuesday.
I jus ride in a ride with my top down.
Big enough for all my niggas
Kobo Partners With Dark Horse Comics
great job at PRSAICON your talk was the perfect mix of strategy and tactics, nice slides too.
Thanks for the education.
MALE PROMO MODELS NEEDED for SXSW event on 3/15.
Must be TALL and VERY muscular.
msg me for details.
: I like to follow me peers.
Lolz XD
I have a feeling I will be checking in on Get Glue a lot.
In Mexico, legs have potential third degree burns.
Man, I just had to unfollow Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
Dude wouldn't shut up.
could use the help instead.
What's up bigballa shotcalla!!
Amen Kissy!
RT : If u believe that which u think u can do, there's no room for doubt.
Lil Wayne
I hate you can only follow 2k until they followback i have 1,877 followers wtf
MAYBE THE KNICKS SHOULD BE SIGNING HIM UPGeneric Lady News Reporter.
This was stated on TELEVISION.
I just barfed.
Oh yeah.
Sun is shining.
Classic Colorado tstorm
i bet they will come out great!
follow back?
Please?
:
Scifi as early adopters of word processing  writing abt it in history of writing; connected to productivity  professort
today has felt like one of the longest days yet.
where'ssummer
you don't know your email?
aha :
Tappin the keg!!
is my kind of woman!
Gorgeous and funny!
Her show is El Oh El funny.
I dig it.
thanks for the follow, it was great meeting you guys yesterdayWest Sac proud!
Love talking with potential clients and breaking down the steps they need to do to rock their online presence.
Please look back at your feed from this week and follow/friend and support each other.
Gorgeous!
Try Buffalo Joe's for wings while in Evanston.
Know a biz in Ecuador that has a deal with Garmin to offer GPS Guided Tours  Makes me think of an Amazing Race theme.
Heading off to Bumbershoot today for some live music, dance, theater, comedy, authors, films, art, people, food, boos, did I miss anything?
don't forget.
mavs tomorrow.
am i catching you on the train?
dial up.
I appreciate all of you who come out to my shows and tell me yea I like this I don't like this it Helps me improve and I love u guys 4 that
Great crowd for Losing my Religion!
gives a powerful and funny performance featuring a large collection of characters.
Gig update  Guitarist Graham Dechter's trio this Wednesday evening at Hotel Laguna On The Beach, replacing Josh Nelson.
Bug eyes for days.
Long week done.
Whew!
Off to gym  w/ StudHub for all you can eat rib tips at Famous Dave's!
I think I'll stick w/Turkey Burger!
you ready to rage in AZ on saturday?
Because I sure as hell am!
Yeee haww!
The awkward moment when ur preschool teacher now works at Victoria's secret!:/
Basic bitches always bragging about their body and face, but never their brain.
is 7/12/13 the date your going to a 1D concert?
Connect on your patio or porch, enjoy the new view  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
This week is starting off good af nd should end good af
Any Java Developers open to relocating to Charleston, SC?
I have a perm gig.
6 figure job.
Yu Wei's Canadian MamaLinda just told me how wonderful your recital was at Mt.
Royal last fall.
She thanks you.
What the fuck is with these bells teasing me when I want to leave already
why can't you?
talk to me baby, that I like ;
The site itself asked to fax my license, ss card, bank user name pw.
THEN money stolen from my bank.
Internal?
killing me softly
writers are still there, but the fight to bring great stories to life requires allies.
It's going down kickin it !
is volunteering The Marine Mammal Center tonight.
Kate Upton is younger than me.
I still think I have a shot.
O lalala!!!
LADIES it's our Night!!!!
Meet me at 7pm out at the TIKI BAR!!!!
doctornk Specials!!!!
Ohh and a disclaimer..
don't watch that clip in my last tweet if you're easily offended by cursing.
Just a heads up 
We're going to get spammed again?
DMs are working again.
Look out, Twitter world.
put the phone down now Mark!
:p before it happens again lol
thanks for the
heh, yeah pretty last minute little trip!
Congrats!
What kind of law do plan to practice?
Chickin minis...
travel size for your convenience.
The shinbone is God's way of helping you find furniture in the dark.
I love you Tom.
You want to get a tattoo today?
You need to do better
Thank you to everyone who attended the SCCMayor Candidate Forum last night.
We'd love to hear your thoughts!
been listening too Happy New Year since youu released it 3 love it.
I have fishing lures the color of Baylor's.
the first time I used the app, I kept getting asked if I was lost :
we were jumping around my living room like we just won the super bowl thanks for a better Monday at work.
hey how are ya?
batting practice.
Can we all just appreciate my last retweet.
The man has just gotten engaged and THAT IS WHAT HE DECIDES TO TWEET.
: Grades work really well for one group: elite students.
Check out on this Sunday's episode of
So I didn't pass my permit Test  gotta go back tomorrow and pass it !
I got compared to Dora
Call Derek I thought they said the other day it was the last Sunday.
I could be wrong though.
This is the official music page for rich n reckless also Known as R.A.R.E
im about 2 hav 1000 people i follow but i only hav 279 people out of 873 but im still gratful tho i just want a little more followers
That was EXACTLY what I.needed!
Lol
Can the Red Sox please fire Bobby Valentine already.
I'm not even a Sox fan and every time I see a highlight I cringe!
Bad Bad hire!
Real Shit RT : Never say I love you if you don't care.
Some Democrats were rated lower but no Republicans were
peggy and cersei lannister from GOT are the top luscious ladies with balls of 2012.
at least in the running...
come back at 'em strong!
Thanks for joining!
If we missed any Interests you'd like to see added, let us know using
Im just a bunny that wants eat poop and sleep
Go.It's not like you are ever really here anyway...
See you there!
All these couples at the movies to see the vow while Im wl my cousin seeing journey 2
Water bottle time :
This app sucks ass.
RT: Hey hey hey hey, smoke weed every day.
This is the word of the Lord.
RT : S/o my beautiful mother Happy Mothers Day Ma , I LOVE YOU 2x !
That's my boy!
I love you too son hugs
Portfolio on MWWdesigns.com
They are our century's greatest art form!
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face.
Opening: Attorney with real estate experience and concentration in construction and project management.
JD  4 years' experience required!
Hey, I'm a geek standing right behind the account professorle.
Don't be afraid and talk to me directly.
thanks for RTs!
: Made it through the storms ok?
Happy Birthday to one of the realest bros I have
yep, apparently dey didnt know...
BUT now dey do..
Bout Ink My Whole Body Up I Don't Really Give A Fuck
a CEO never rests!
there's always work to be done
we has a jealous RT : Kinda cool that my work day consists of a brick workout.
1st up a Corporate Challenge training group...
someone explain what's going on
Pursuit  An eye movement where the eyes smoothly follow a moving target in space, like a car, runner, or a tennis ball.
RT My wishes: 1 earn money w/out working.
2 be smart without studying.
3 love without being hurt.
4 eat without getting fat.
are very frustrating to watch!
National day of prayer....should be everyday!
Dave, I'm sorry about your dog and thought you might appreciate: goo.gl/W6CLW
Dylan, you have done EVERYTHING for us.
You haven't done anything wrong at all I promise 3 don't listen to the haters.
For the record, I'm a JB fan.
But for him to go out of his way to call TR ordinary is just him being an asshole.
I feel like a hobo walkin the streets with my trusty backpack of trust.
go to allen's event and cab over to graffiatos
Woo hoo!
Picked up my new DVD player from LATISM tonight!!!
Thank you mifordlatism !!!!!
how to you say it?
For someone who said she liked blindsides she didn't seem to happy about this one.
:0...
We are new to twitter, help spread the word of our services.
The BCBA exam is in May!
Do you know someone who is getting ready to take it?
for 3 pints and 10 growler fills it is an awsome beer.
Besides, this is our round 2.
We kill a keg in 45 minutes yesturday.
Sour gummy worms  best after school snack ever :
watching thesimpsons and denis leary does a guest voice, and a commercial with denis leary came on.
how bizarre.
Santorum has lost a little juice.
Michael Steele on today's Morning Joe
Take that vest off, you look like Aladdin.
My parents
How did your Favicon turn out?
Shout out to loveyou sponsors
Really could use somebody that doctorves right nowp
My heart stops everytime tweets 3
we'll do our best.
Follow Back...
At the 12th Annual Hollywood Holiday Celebrity Toy doctorve Extravaganza...
aight got u
Everyone is performing with a freakin posse.
And just when I thought it was going to be a lil difficult to cover this event lol
HELL YEAH WE DOO!!!
If we don't im gonna DIEE!!
ahah But we will hang out and party, and make this summer BEASTT!!
:
u got the other shirt out for me??
RT : Let's get this trending across the country!
RT : millerparkopener is now trending in
's The Fault in our Stars: haven't cried that much over book in while.
But it's so funny  wellwritten too.
Great read!
Sunday is a good day to clean all the stink out of your life.
Not the best but how are you guys today?
Who ate a whole quart of organic strawberries for lunch?!?
ME!!
I DID!!!
This show is crazy!!!
Volim te, I hope you have fun lastnight.
About that cling status, yes yes yes.
It was very annoying, haha.
Thanks for saving me!
doctorving in circles for a half hour cause I'm early
Hope bosh will be back soon but it's not looking good..
Walk into every relationship ready to get hurt...
just hope that's not the outcome in the end...
Yes, I did just make a corn dog and fries at 10:20 at night, big woop, wanna fight about it?
hahaha and if u go to settings and scroll down it will say what the contact is for his ipod
so enjoy your evening my dear : yes true :D
Just found a hardbound copy of Bram Stoker's doctorcula with Edward Gorey illustrations at Goodwill.
Score!
: : what up gang, can I get a follow from ya???
HOLLA oh yeah!
HOLLA!!!
that what I'm talkin bout
Me too!
Haha
Starting the day with some conditioning!
MN GOP leaders float stadium plan Vikes, Governor  Mpls can't do.
This allows blame shifting to team, Gov  City if team leaves.
tonight's the night have to avenge the heartbreak from the other night
As a girlfriend, you learn that girls are gonna try and get with him, but remember, your the one he always comes back too..
You're welcome!
S/O to now on Twitter.
Give him a follow!
yeah I wasn't gonna fight him but alright
I'm on board with 2012 predictions.
RT my 2012 prediction there will be a presidential election...
we will still be fucked
I'm smiling!
You bring me JOY.
I miss your face!!!
xxoo
U MUST B High???: Heat don't want no beef wit LA..
I ain't mean to push u gasol had Bron Shook!
Lol
hitandoctorn
Blogging idea 3 How often do I need cleaning for my home/mansion/castle ?
Haven't taken a shit in the house in a while.
Today may be the day.
When im bored I take pics and delete most of them 
y would I be mad that he is with NO?
Love the blog!
You guys are great!!!
being rushed by my brother
Sunday afternoons are rough.
'Nough said.
let me know if you need a mix for your record.
I can even help you out  VERY subtly  with that pitch issue.
Do you think TPers realize that 8 signers of the Declaration and 9 framers of the Constitution were IMMIGRANTS?
EGADS!
Cool, small market Milwaukee has done it 3 of last 4 years..
thank you god for waken me up this morning to see another day
awww: that's so sad ..
but funny
For financial health of BP and ability to pay Golf, they should keep their word on the dividend if more investors are wanted
Good Morning to the !
Happy Friday ;
Spring practice is so boring!!
Starting the day off the right way.
Hitting the football field
Madison Geeks Inc is located at 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane.
West Side of Madison
Only one day left to take advantage of the end of year 120 off savings!!!
Fujifilm X10 camera review  Technology Today  San Francisco Luxury News
I think a new phrase was coined last night
sundaybluntday is a hit!
our marketing and promo manager thought of it!
We also do greentickets  tweetreats!!
sad to see the boyfriend head back to Colorado this morning...now back to real life
Memphis let Marc Gasol go to work tonight 21 points from 814 shooting 7 rebs and 4 assist he's just about their best players
pullin for Tech but the page kid for ok state is impressive
RT : It's amazing how much one person can mean so much to you
Ultra key in Adobe Premiere is simply awesome.
One click of the eyedoctorpper and green is gone.
Didn't light the screen evenly?
No problem.
Its my birthday ah!!!!
im 14 Yeeaaahhh Buddy!!!!
I know but I still love her because she really did make a way for me personally.
But you might be right???
Ok baby  lmaooo
I bet he has an associate named Robin.
Test that too
Awesome goal!!!
believe!
ah!
awww little sister is following me too!
:D Blessed 21 love love love The Sanders Family!:
Canadian scientist unveils giant feathered dinosaur find
The Lord is FAITHFUL!
Even when we, the situation,  others r not, He remains steadfast  true.
He WILL deliver on His promise regarding u!
just got a bong 
uncle Steve is my hero.
YW!
and thanks!
feels good to be 14..
bahaha :p
no freaking clue!
Should probably change that this summer.
thank u for coming to my presentation ux study large card sort analysis.
My pleasure to meet u.
X's on the back of her hand, wash them in the bathroom so she can doctornk like the band ;
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Moliere
That awkward moment when you almost say reporting for Krdo news radio while on tv.
Hit me wit a follow mayne i gotta dm u
we can eliminate the risk by sending you an experienced professorssional team that will have the job done quickly and within budget.
I meet yesterday at work he hella cool people :
tomorrow New album Day After Tomorrow hits stores!
It got that FIRE!
Something for everybody
doing playing ps3 with alex and his cuzs
What sense does sight have?/You make what you own true.
Everyone trusts NASA NOAA re recent solar storms, yet many choose to discount these same scientists re climate change.
C'mon!
haha thats how it should be my mans.
And yeah life been going well.
Where you been at though?
Oh my god this movie is not Road House, it's Roadhouse 66.
NO!
I wont even if the skies get rough...you like how I threw that in there haha is my idol it has to happen one day
Hey what's up?
Watching the it crowd.
and why do you suppose the bean has become the icon of Chicago?
Dawg.
Why kids always gota play with every toy.
Can you send new email addoctorss by DM?
Want to invite you to speak at upcoming SPJ program.
Thx!
having a surreal experience listening to a band covering marc anthony, niel diamond  barry manalo  dierfield beach.u know ur in fl when.
Not been back to the office yet, but I remain hopeful they saved me a crumb.
Mojo's World WILL be available to the public by Friday, March 4..
or by Saturday, March 5 THE LATEST!!!
I'm SO excited for the new site!
:
we will conquer the epidemic of illiteracy in this country together mister Daniels.
Help me help you!
keep doctornking.
rub some dirt in it.
Better.
They are going to do another surgery if hes strong enough in few days.
Hopefully then he'll get off of ventilator thank u
RT : We have a fight.
Close round.
Not as many clean shots for cotto.
Mayweather steals it with last flurry.
Rd 9 mayweather
How do you spend your nights, honey?
Still watchin tv?
I long to be in your arms honey, come back to me
Im following awesome peoples.
My wife and I love him and who else oh YOU if you want hehehehe YAY!!!!!!!!!!
I guess Chuck Pagano!
To the mouse going into the lizard tank happy hungers and may the odds be ever in your favor
Doing just fine.
How about you?
The movie Hugo is worth seeing in 3D.
I really enjoyed it.
I OH an HR convo today too.
Best line: ...and you thought telling her that her butt was getting big was a coaching moment?!
It's Noon do you know where your OldSchool is, its the Back in the Day Cafe DJ on
Girls golf: Wilsonville sits 5th after first day at state at Trysting Tree.
Juhee Lee is third at 7 79  6 shots behind Caroline Inglis.
We had a great talk for this article, ; may I use some unused quotes from our discussion in other pieces?
todays one of my boys told me don't strive to be different, people play and people get played it's a way of lifebut immalovernotaplayer idk
When you want to retweet someone but their grammar is not perfect 
Biggest loss: a whole week closed to the public : our power still not restored.
Too bad lost admissions can't be claimed!
..people need to hear that...I know I can use it every now  then...
I first read that as relying on Jack and Coke to get me through the morning....that was fun
I Need a day where i can just relax.
Taking a break with an update from GUSA.
SOUND OF MY VOICE at the Landmark in 35mm  bliss.
: Life happens.
Adapt.
Embrace change, and make the most of everything that comes your way.
Goodnight.
: 3
alert coming this morning stay tuned
Thanks for the follow!
See ya at lawebfest!
I hope it's not like last time when my back hurt ' every little thing hurt ; like laughing or breathing in .
Twice in one LoL match, shot and finished by an Ashe from halfway across the map.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
A question in harmony: Why is fries and ketchup taste good, and C with E sound good ?
let's just say what I heard you couldnt hear on radio.
Off air stuff I'm not gonna go into detail it was their private matter
My sunday morning ritual of coffee  Meet The Press all alone has been replaced with Seseme Street  milk w/ my munchkin.
Orangespice pancakes, are you SERIOUS!?...
Why yes, yes we are...
thanks for asking!
Cats are more sensitive than humans to medications, especially when they age !
If your cat is not feeling well, talk to your vet!
Happy you had a great stay  Come back soon!
get your picks in now....SF over NY....Pats over Ravens....Pats over SF...lock em in...
Director of Fellowship Programs Nicole Stahlmann reports on 201112 competition year.
At home sick AGAIN!!!!:/
why try to fix what is already broken
Loving the feedback we've been getting so far!
Glad you guys like our Spring issue!
Temporary Delay of Troy Davis that is Great News!
The music and actions convey the story just as well as if there were words.
You get used to it pretty quickly.
what happened to my report/block spam option?
first of all, i deleted those.
because i realized they were stupid.
secondly, OUR PARENTS ARE DICKS.
some japanese guy pitching for the Yanks.
please let him be good.
So On......
, kisses Xim, you need something?
We are going to the grocery close to the Canyon.
Tonight: Start 2012 on stage.
We have exciting new changes designed to help your career!
Club Pyramid, NYC.
8PM, 15
It would be easier I make a list of things that I don't hate rather then what I do.
i like big dicks
He went to the musical
he's going to be so confused when I ask him tonight.
He won't know where to go!
well babes I'm off 2 bed!
Sweet doctorams!
night to all my bitches!!
Deuces!!!
;
Thank you for your Tweets.
:
IKR and bye
Girl wobble it and ill gobble it..
Not many faxes anymore.
We still get some from class members submitting claim forms.
I hate ron artest, metta world peace, whatever you call that dirty nigga
so you're saying you'd rather have a team's jersey with FL's colors than the bengals?
WOW!
wheredidwegowrong?
Lol, my bad.
I said people not guys.
Piping down now.
:
You smell like onion burger farts and swizz cheese
Did you mean doctorino, ya doctorg addled fuck?
I have to admit I wish youd stayed, these guests are lame and ur presence is bad 4 Dani
Let me ask a couple questions and see what we can do :D
I should have been but wasn't feeling well 2nite.
Bummed.
Can I get a recap 2morrow please??
broadcast journalist , but ...
I mite just do the army , simply b/c I no I could get that job.
In the AF its rare.
Ooh.
LEAD looks good.
I need to join that.
Made it to the barber shop a lil late today....
Now I sit and wait!!
ya that sucks y didnt u try out?
Fake friends leave cause they counterfeit.
You only guess?
I think I'm pretty amazing :
At NOLA Restaurant  Bar in Palo Alto.
Photographer videographer commercial Napa wedding bay area silicon valley siliconvalley
You can try to make someone hold on to you but if you not IT....
you just not IT
had to stop in Tennessee would of missed it.
Darius is killen it
thank wanna see what he looks like?:
Hopefully I can actually get through school today.
Sometimes I feel like you don't miss me as much as I miss you.
king james what u think enuff said king is the only title u could put in front of it
GOP VOTERS have pledged allegiance 2 Billionaire Bullies whose 1 goal is destroying DEMOCRACY  establishng PLUTOCRACY 2 rule Americans!
Setting up the foos
This is not a doctorve by
Both derived from perceived immutability.
Social norms change, but very slowly.
And nothing to be done about hormones.
This is your chance to open up a southend bar/live music venue near your home, Chad!
Keep the name intact  Do it!
Also, Happy Valentine's Day to my homies , , , , , and !
Love, Todd
Happy Little 5 Thursday!
One day to go to Women's race, two to men's.
Such a great time to be a Hoosier!!!
fuck man, when did get shut down?
yo, keep that shit up...
just email me the pics youre still gettin ill post em
you stay outta jail?
lol.
some might say that.
Calling by sebastian ingrosso and alesso
I did that many times through the years.
You gotta do what you gotta do!
will there be a fan fiction panel?
So Arsenio called Aubrey a bitch.
Is that cool now?
For an old man to do?
Check out for Transatlantics latest Live release.
YAAAAY!!!!
I stinking cannot wait!
HULU.com, if you've returned your DVR to TWcable, hulu is the place to go for commercial free viewing of your favorite shows.
MineFRINGE
Another day, another boudoir photoshoot groupon.
FF Chicago Favorites
Reality starts tomorrow
the registers are down at work and now we have to resort to handwritten receipts.
fabulous.
Montika gonna have a hot booty hole
join today for free coach and players we are free recruiting resource for both players and coaches
Come hear  11:30 AM on 4/22 as part of our Yom Hashoah Day of Commemoration.
Performance is in Pan Pacific amphitheater.
U BETTER TAKE A PICTURE WHEN UR BRACES R OFF!!
PROMISE US!!!
: 33
p.s.
spotted your bro walking down main.
Wasn't quick enough to throw some verbal confetti out the window
LOL I bet he makes a killing selling all that, but its got to be super heavy!!!
RT : Seth Godin: The only thing that is scarce is attention  they are not making any more of it.
Yeah It Is that was beast
Java / J2EE Developer Position Available  Immediate Interviews  90k  95k  Permanent Direct Hire Position  Charlot
Chasing Cars  Snow Patrol ..
Huge thank you to and for letting be a part of such an amazing opportunity!
We Choose to Matter!!!!
Oh shit!!!
I'm so Damn nervous
No.
I made friends with the PA at NPT and he follows porn starts...
My body isn't a temple.
It's a maximum security prison for fat.
BALL SWEEP!!!
So what if I get loud when I doctornk.
I'm just being assertive.
Just what I would expect T.
Boone Pickens to say.
He hasn't lost his A.
He's doing just fine rolling in the oil professorts.
Good morning everyone.
Honda Sets AllTime Monthly Records for Automobile Worldwide Production and Production Outside of Japan
sexy dance for your birthday.
Roll with it.
I scoffed at the notion.
mister Lincoln nodded.
I have known Hill to never find himself in a close place he couldn't get out of.
Yes!
Remind me when you're in the US next?
Let's connect via phone when I'm back from holiday...
Oh my god me too lol
RT I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused.
How are personal brands bad?
I need some new pics
Follow The Coupon Deal  find offers on hotels, restaurants, health  beauty and many other merchants.
We're happy when you save!
just watched Ultimate Brazil.
Rizzo had many opportunities to triangle Tank but never attempted.
Has BJJ come long way or what?
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Get her something you think she might like
Ah  very good to know.
I'll pass the info along.
Thanks again for your prompt help!!
I don't fight, I just train right now, but my boyfriend will be fighting soon.
Work is not sexy.
Luck is sexier.
Effortlessness is the apotheosis of sexiness.
From my forthcoming article on accomplishment in music.
Will not see the light of day for a long time.
you gonna answer that or leave us hanging??
OMG i know him he is like so desperate :P
shut up nobody want to hear dat
Thank you!
I hope to see you ...
well, 'soon' might be pushing it I realize, but you know what I mean!
Long overdue.
Does anyone wanna run the Madison Halfmarathon with me in May??
It'll be fun....
beautiful as always!
love when you made the jump to your upper range.
True Introspection is looking into self, seeking Gods image, and determining that while your image has changed it's still nothing like His!
Great meeting with ands at GartnerSym!
Great to catch up and talk about
Since we are still here you have a few days to see the art in aPoPcalypse Show, Function Design, Decatur.
www.treetopquartet.com
I want to see Phyllis Diller in spandex.
It's been a pleasure.
Apprct it.
: I really enjoyed the podcast series.
Thank you.
Apple's new iPad HD/3 announcement should come tomorrow.
Don't forget all Twitter/Facebook followers and clients get 25 off new iPads!
Time for the Cardinals to trade Rasmus while he still has some trade value.
You have to love Collin's passion.
Not many guys lay it ALL out EVERY game.
Wrote a song about Things That Are Green today for I.AM.THOR.
My twitter update says Frank Greer followed you but I know don't follow nobody
Why didnt you come to Chicago with !?
That is a classic pic.
Not as good as Manuch/Lou Ferrigno but still a great pic of the voice of reason Kevin McCabe.
such a beautiful baby boy!
I have a little guy who is one month younger!
He's jealous of Skyler's wardoctorbe...
And hair!
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
By the by, we are planning on switching to a wordpress and buying a sub 50 theme.
Any recommendations?
and order criminal intent reruns  crows during commercials, til liz and the kids get here.
If all of our wishes were gratified, many of our doctorams would be destroyed.
sixseasonsandamovie.
.
Perfect ending to the episode.
community best.show.ever
Taking our annual Azul/BIP team photo at SWSA Bay of Play.
I said I'm over you.
But every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you :
I know.
An old lady right behind us just caught a fly ball on her thigh!
counting rings dont have nothing to do with what going on.
wasted response.
just get ready for another 2nd round exit.
Steak make me a strong Muthafukka!!
lol
Basketball always clears my mind
Meet me by lake at 10 if I'm not there just call if you need a way there you can ride on my handelbars
big results require big ambitions
The Spring 2012 MiniTerm starts Monday, February 27th.
There's still time to register
Today, I dance Fandangos for you, my followers in twitterland!
this last bit of hump day is a tedious climb
pink white u??
Welcome to my little music world
Ask kids if they all want new iPads, but to get them, they have to put a CocaCola logo in the classroom.
Teachers love that.
just got news that im taking your class on January 27th!!!
so excited!!
omgomg speachless!!
you're 15 too?
maybe if were going to attend the RIGHT school you could help him spell on the regular
My anxiety just got a thousand times worse
If you find it, let me know!!
:
pasta studio 7pm : Bike issues...both bikes down The double chin remains.
Maybe I should go back to first true love...running.
haha ya I'm ok: it was 34 degrees today, it was really warm today compared to what it is usually like.:
i wish I could do the crazy shit criss angel does.
Gotta give a shout out to for his win!
I got caught up in the Gabby thing, but you were awesome.
What a comeback from worlds!
How dare you think you have me all figured out!!!
Especially when I am still a mystery to myself...
RT : Theme of estrella upfront is dare to be different
Oxy Mo: Bride Groom
in my bossmobile
I'm preparing a 3hour workshop for tomorrow on transcription tools for scholars of the ancient Mediterranean.
Any suggestions?
:OMG!!!!!!!!!!
I can't talk but I feel like screaming
Another connection severed.
The tension no longer in the line.
Crippling silence.
I'd like a hidden list mode, don't show me what others have said, then add my unique items.
Check out other JDV hotels on Twitter: ...
It's chilly outside!
With a Rec membership you have access to the pool, fitness classes, open gym,  weight room.
Lean is not a panacea  Amnis News
Sharepoint: It's what IT told us to use.
me too!
/ RT : I wish I was attending presentation right now.
im so excited to see on if only i was on the show with the both of them...
I think i'm going to Belhaven.
You want something?
Lol
Nice doctorwings and interesting read about her journeys!
Hey!
I'm doing great.
I'm loving the free tracks.
:D Keep it up!
:
SalemOR Wreck on Cordon Rd, just north of Sunnyview.
1 Lane getting by.
let's pick a time to meet up
40 shootings.
11 murders.
All in the first 12 days of the year.
Looks like doctorw Brees isn't the only one breaking records in New Orleans...
On the bus ..
I see a girl that looks like a barbie doll but shes really pretty!
Don't tell  he'll never let him live it down!
Silence of the Lambs It puts the lotion in the basket!!
maybe I'd like to keep the lotion!
It smells like vanilla.
Gus Johnson is bad luck for my bets.
Ditto : RT : Much to do before my catchup lunch with And then, much to catchup about!
I can't find my pen.
It's the only pen I own/use and I can't find it.
This is not looking good.
The unprepared speaker has a right to be afraid.
Why yes...
though there is no snow in our Narnia...
NYRB's supporters singing I wanna be sedated.
I suggest they watch what's going on on the Red Bull Arena pitch.
Sandy Point!
Gotta disc golf wisconsin!
errybody lovin my game of thrones status update on facebook!
hahah i love wine doe for real!
I was getting my license
Your Welcome and Good Luck!
Sunday fun day!
How r u spending yours?
Thank you for your support!
RT : I had a blast!
Such a great event!
Thanks for the rt See you soon!
How are the widow makers today?
never mind, i see your avi .
Happy Saturday Everyone.....studio bound
Happy Hump Day!
DYI Tip: Did you know that landscaping can prevent burglary?
Keep bushes near doors trimmed, they make for hiding places!
Budget Committee is considering a recommendation to eliminate 279K for the recruitment of firefighters.
Friday  TacoNight!
Come see us!
I really should get going with my task list.
For some reason only 2 of the 4 NCAA Quarterfinal matches will be webcast on Friday.
Dear NCAA
homeboy loved the ladies.
how did you manage to do that?
Ouchh poor vinny :
I don't get it.
Why is Montero even on the roster if you're not gonna hit him for Martin right there?
Ran out of cereal this morning.
Crushed up a bag of Oero's and poured milk on top.
Then she says ok 7!
BOL
checking email, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, and LinkedIn...
Then, off to the wonderful land of Norrath to escape from this world.
GN
anytime, sweets.
:
i loved watching you guys on punkd
Congrats!!
Enjoy the write off for newbies :
so cute!!
You have to send me a pic!
Don't remember who said it, but I love this: I haven't failed.
I've succeeded at finding what doesn't work.
I will fight til the last doctorp of my blood.
RT : Sunvalley all tweeters in SV tweet Snow gods be good to us and deliver the freshies
Love when people lie about stupid things.
Prob wouldn't be as long if Xmas wasn't next week.
Replace wheel  door, repair back 1/4 panel, alignment.
Guess that was it.
oh and you betta be at the EIP graduation ;
Wow, bad things keep happening in our upcoming destinations.
1st Halong Bay, now Christchurch.
Praying for the people in NZ.
Happy Halloween!
What kind of costumes are being donned today?
That moment when u publish a Happy Engagement in the newsletter 3 days post breakup.
Awkwaaaardddddd.
O.o
have we met??
We should've sprayed perfume on them yall ;
Kobe should rock the mask all the time now.
Nothing makes me feel so old as being on a college campus.
I guess I should be thankful that Wiley's has produced the Air Farce book; The Doug Henning biography is still not in Canadian bookstores
Wonder how much time Indy is actually gonna take here
HYFR
had fun but too much of crazy busy
thanks, I am!
Have a lot of good things going on.
Life is good!
took a nap/life/grading break from it, about to head back to it in a bit.
Thanks for asking.
good to hear :
thxx for following :D
Pool Season!
has the Palms on lockdown
I would rather be alone than to be disrespected and mistreated by a nigga
Ghostwriting an article on cat diabetes.
Did you know cats also get Type II Diabetes and have to get insulin shots just like we do?
This Scale Is So Off Balance!
Idk How To Make It Even!
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
I was pretty late on that response lol
we so excited.
If only rebecca black was at coachella...
He is amazing.
C.ongrats on the follow
Fed's antifamily farming plan  no one under 16 allowed to be higher than 6 ft off the ground.
How about a play set on a farm?
Just sayin'
Going to bed!
I'm tired and horny!
RT : Life demands focus.
Forget the past, its gone.
Don't dwell on the future as its not promised.
Focus on this step.
Now.
m/
Today I learned I can hit a golf ball about 220 yards
In there!
RT : Just got a booth at the Dub Car Show  Concert!
It's not a game....at all!
Black, right?
No cream and sugar?
sounds like there is no official closing time yet, I was told they'd close betw 35pm, whatevs that means
Lolol chopjobz RT are u sure?
U cut all his hair off afterall!
Ugh I hate when I can't sleep in
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.......
must try.
can i doctorg my hubby around by his hair?
Awesome sounds like a good time!
Peanut butter or Regular?
Worked out so hard, I got dizzy!
It was awesome.
I'm taking a doctornk of her doctornk that's how you know were cool.
haha.
Love Sadie.
thanks for the follow.
Bored To The Maxx
:D followed
then he can star in Saved by the Bell the retirement years
...and also writing software to assist me in my method as I write.
So I've had to reconcile myself to the idea that this could take a year.
thank you so much!
We appreciate it and we hope your wife loves her ring!
: Take care!
What a lovely thing to say.
Thank you.
MT I want to frame some of the sentences...
Important emails are always best written with a doctornk inhand.
Guten Morgen Thanks for being new followers and welcome to our twinning tweets!
You ever keep thinking of really fucked up jokes to get a bitch to leave you alone?I just told her 2 rape jokes in a row and...nothing 
We just added different languages to the CloSYS website.
Take a look at www.closys.com
Thanks, Jovi : This is 2 years in a row that an ICTC alum has won the Golden Apple  very very exciting!!
Now if we could also get to open a second location ...
RT Java news: Metropolis Coffee to open a second location
It's great to see so many communicators here for our Spring Conference.
Thanks to Shelby Healy for being our MC.
is on Sat., Apr.
16th at the Battery Park Power House in the Detroit Shoreway.
Omar Vizquel showed up last year.
Will you?
Really wish our weather would be a little more consistent.
Confessions of a homeowner: I love the look and smell of new mulch.
Saw new Batman trailer before seeing Avengers movie.
Both were awesome.
Childhood coming alive.
Thanks Andoctorw!
Is this accurate?
I believe it is being broadcast...
LOL.
I'll introduce you to plenty of people here.
I'm all hooked up.
I love your obsession!
Getting ready for the Best of 2011 contest.
My favorite time of year.
So fun to see them all together.
: Stay tuned.
jury is taking it all in.
Jury includes a microbiologist and a physician.
you sound like 90 of my patients...
hahaha so good !
And that was br sarcasm.
I'm thoroughly enjoying myself.
perhaps a subcategory that is aligned with you?
OMGthat sounds SO delish!
If doesn't grace me with her presence its murdaaaa
New music coming soon
River riot tonight.
voice over's for video...gonna be HOT!!!
just had a little earth move under my feet.
Please follow
Art never comes from happiness, most artists live in a constant state of depression.
haha, I should be with some buddies later, I'll throw in 10.
Hate it though, cant resist
We've been trying to get you and the guys down here to brew beer.
I figure the easiest way is to ask.
Come Brew Beer?
: What is YOUR favorite time to workout morning or night?
night!
Im not a morning person at all!
ive been fine and you?
I see you found out about the new homeless doctorg craze, Jenkum
...not many around Towson, or even in MD!
I have a handful I need to add, but you can always view them  www.maurajensen.com:
niggas quit callin dont worry ill be there when i get there
You can't have a healthychicago without nurses.
See you at the ppls health fair today 114  6337 s Woodlawn
where did you guys go out?
Curious for next London trip
smokin some sour right about neeooow
Totally agree!!
Take care!
radical kid I tell you...
A lady wit kids dnt care bout the kid jus wnt the government money...
Last time I tried wordpress.com doesn't allow iFrames either, so that trick won't work
Thanks for sharing our blog post Kiri!
I agree 100 Buddy!
:
but why do you like everyone to see our conversations?
A private number keeps calling me../: I'm not answering that one!
Heck no
They also hit 10 threes.
Wow.
RT : 62  the Spurs scored 62 points in the paint in a Game 2 win vs Jazz, a playoff record.
aw man where's it at?
Lol.
I thought that's what I heard.
RT It was not God's will for the Steelers to win...
Ray Lewis
Hey,Thanks for the follow.
SUBMIT your work to www.polyphonyhs.com.
FYI, I'm a West Point Greyer.
Org.
Seattle girl....
I don't have much experience with white papers.
Do they normally read like a term paper from someone who skips class and owns a thesaurus?
I found it hard, it's hard to find.
Working with YMCA staff to open two outdoor pools by June 5.
Learn from yesterday.
Live for today.
Hope for tomorrow.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein
Just read a letter about 3 kinds of creative folks in L.A.: doctoramers, doctorfters and the doctorven.
Sounds like most web teams I've worked on!
Come on doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar
To answer my own question, it would appear that German catalogers translate edition statements.
Sure that's not a problem
depends on what ink is used some pigments reaction to sunlight different
Shout out to new followers RitzyKitchencom
Luck McGregor is the funniest kid in this school
Scratched my dad Beamer.
Lol DENY DENY DENY!
I love being able to block numbers.
Good luck in H2!
:D
I think I will wear something green, yellow and sparkly maybe with some Twinkle  goes with my logo!
Sneezed n coughed at the same time thought I was dying lol
good luck!
15s are on fire!
My pilot deserves a raise, a metal, a cookie, a badge, etc for navigating my itty bitty regional jet in that wind.
I need doctorgs now
Renewed Calls For End to Animal Testing The Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society International and LUSH Cosme
Hey, is there a George at the zoo?
Bought a dodgers hat today, don't hate me or gotta rep LA and can't cheat on Seattle.
see you out there!
Tearing shit up with in studyhall.
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
love you for sending this and so many other things gorgeous !!!!
; holla  ur beauty!
;
My sense is that we disagree where the line falls in this case.
thats not your block is it?
Do you know the victim, or folks the building/house?
You go glen coco!!!
Good Morning Tweetie Pies!
Have a grand day!
Tweeting about twitter session for journalists at spjmadisontraining very meta Like a picture inside a picture inside a picture inside ...
Hiroshige style painting at my shop!
W.shadowglacier.etsy.com
When i can't find the english translation online and have to accept that I will be reading this novela en espanol
She's or wonderful eyes, and a whiskey mouth...
I like the night life baby, she said.
Ha, porn companies will try anything.
Thank you to the West Hempstead Civic Association for hosting me last week to discuss the improvements made at Halls Pond.
Thanx for sending the soundscan report via email...That's wassup weedoctorpweerock!!!
merry xmas uncle forrest thanks for sharing your wisdom with us all.

RT : Next time a bitch call me asking to help change a flat tire imma tell her to think like a man
Thank you, and thanks for the follow :
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WHEN YOU BELIEVE!
Its some dumb ass criminals in the world
At the Alley, bout to catch Element and Digital Underground.
This was the wrong night to leave my gang of freaks at home.
RT : Wisconsin German Shorthaired Pointer Rescue will join us this Saturday, June 11th from 10am2pm with adoptable dogs...
Is really looking forward to my Jessie Pavelka calendar shoot tomorrow!
Yay, my first published calendar with one of my favorite subjects!
is there a summary of this somewhere?
I like a lot of stuff on A lot of different voices, not just one.
roc always gotta be doin sum thin
Off to Philly tomorrow for the Educause conference thru Friday.
That was the most bizarre kiss cam moment I've ever seen.
What was that?
DM me your addoctorss, we own our way
RT : Excited to see what's about to happen in Iowa!
is a sentence you only get to use once every 4 years.
Missed 2 dance classes already dohh :
: Happy mothers day to my mom who doesn't have twitter LOL CLASSIC!
I guess that makes it an egg mc.
Yes, a DAD joke!
AWESOME job today!!!
soproud!
Haha I'll tell him that when I see him tomorrow.:
I'm having my piano moved in tomorrow, do you want me to measure yours in case you want to give Walsh a call?
Horse racing!
Note to all  do not leave strawberries in a car that contains a air freshener.
Wow.
Pun intended?
RT Either some poor schmuck is actually named Penisenlargementpatch Jones or this is a spam post.
I hope the former.
Pop a RubberBand !!!!!
huge fan, look fwd to follow twts, im also in recovery, root for ya everyday in 2 ways: life, then bball!
God Bless brther
I just want to sleep.
I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
I lost my Axe Body Spray :/
hah you too :
NFAIS12 Kunze of UC our ordinary conceptual system of which we both think and act, is fundamentally metaphorical in nature
I'm about to take a shower :
True we have a lot to learn from each other and Keep it up
: Someone with clout needs phone Addenbrookes number 01223245151 help someone please.
in UK call patient advocate
GirlsLoveWhen You treat them like they deserve.
Hold them when then need it, nd love her more than anyone else could
Get it together guys.
Where's the cool blood?
Paulson fund in the red again  China Daily
I am on it!
BEHS!
Mcnabb em got one more chance to take this game...betta work
It's a kinda day tomorrow!
TheDalyShow  privatepractice finale.
Be aLittleLessDouche and make it a Daly day!
Im loving the info u kickin today
I will jot stfu an what?
my pleasure!
Look forward to sharing more in the future!
it's fun next time they have one you need to go to it!
too much wine :
Thank you for the follow!
yall ready to watch me.
don't get too comfortable up there, we still need you down here for fall soccer at
SO, since my Twubby is an asshole, i need a new one until he can get his act right.
looks at twubby mhmmmm.
LOL
But No Really, Why Im I Still Up.?
HowImGrand ...Is because im me and only me i believe in my doctorams because of And im proud :
for chinesenewyear decor shoot.
Great day to be a southern Californian sports fan!
Done.
Count me in!
I will so be there to get my deep dish action on !
I am so hungry now.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:12
Ravens select with the 130th pick Christian Thompson Safety from SC State...solid pick at a need position
got some new music coming at noon from
Wow Dieng got a tech?What is going on in the world?
Chane misses another dunk.
If Marquette can't beat us maybe the ref's can...
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for

This guy....
Thankful for you guys :
Everyone go get BOYFRIEND by on ITunes.
We gotta get it back to no.
1 TeamBieber 
Long day of working in Cbus and now I am ready for pajamas and my bed
Good Morning....
Happy Saturday...
to y'all
I remember going to see the movie Dolores Claiborne in the theater with my mother and her friend.
I would've been 13!
Such an adult movie.
Awesome party at House of Blues Chicago!
Thanks taleoworld!
Turn on the lights, I'm lookin for her too
Dont force me into things.
I haven't seen Exit...
Thanks for the suggestion.
In school, in ART yayyyy!
Love ART : 3 Steph should be comeing in soon!
Is this an oxymoron?
In business and in life you always need to plan for the unexpected.
And a nickname was born!
via Victor the express train Onyshchenko cc/
pleasure following an MC I grew up to.
people: good.
boars: bad.
EVERYBODY CHEATS!
The sun glitters tiny rainbows on fresh tree leaves after the rain storm.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
need PLANT MANAGER candidates in ARK and South FLOR.
hiring poultry jobs  and relocation assistance.
Send resume to
Off to the meeting.
Good Morning :
Guy on bike before me doctorpping sweat gets off bike walks away  no wipe down.
LOVE your attitude!!
:

I am at a spa  I think you need on.
Especially a nice massage.
Check Rancho La Puerta  you will be happy.
411 people that I follow are not following me.
Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
Ok yes I will miss my job.
I have an uneasy feeling 
: waiting to hear your thoughts on ToB12 so far.
I know u loved Salvage the Bones, did u read the competition?
Path announced 30M round of founding
Thanks for the intro HOo!
Would love to chat sometime Jim and get your thoughts on our project!

oh and thanks for the PL worksheet  super helpful.
Morning legalers....what's on ur plate for today?
Any good projects ur working on?
some do because they have a muscle medical condition where that can't put anything up there vagina.
You would fit in well then, Haha.
Snowbound at home on the day of the Snopocalypse 2010.
why does it feel like its IMPOSSIBLE 2 get 2 follow me Guh?oh ya its JUSTIN BIEBER!
lol maybe 1 day he will NEVER SAY NEVER:
And I need to start steeling my heart for more treedestruction this summer.
:
i hanged out and had fun dancing the night way
awesome!
I haven't checked the weather tomorrow but if it's nice let's ride at 6!
:
: I'm exhausted after watching that rachetness!
Girl me too
For no reason
do you think you will have a day where A Fan Could Spend a Whole Day with You bahja ?
Having my Ferris Bueller moment looking at the large painting by Seurat.
All I need is the Smith playing the background to complete it.
My 11:11 wish is Love ya
ing to bed, heart full  happy, knowing that BLACKBERRY: a magazine will be funded tomorrow  sent out into the world in less than a month.
hahaha they like, well now what?
Peking duck!
with Blue I now have more context around composer Zbigniew Preisner and his work
Beat my dad in basketball FINALLY!!!!!
2124....got him with a TRES LOLZ :
yeah, I think he would have been in even more trouble then he all ready is, if he would have said a black man did.
I still love PBJ, best sandwich.
Not toasted.
NICE!
will be jamming to it soon
I know how u feel been there
you should....
Not me!
RT : So it seems like everyone hates the wave.
Who are the people who like it?
Sweet story!
Thanks!
I had always pegged you as a Hufflepuffstrange!
:
Fuck it, bitches.
Looking sexy right now If you call an ogre sexy.
: You there?
Came out of Kroger to winter.
Where did the snow come from
Np 'just begun' reflection eternal
Today was a good day...
itching to figure out a good selfmanagement program
Cann I hate one because I find their voice obnoxious and their inring skills lacking?
Is it sad that I'm loving the Yuckalert Chaos with to much sadistic glee.
Atheist and Muslims Vs.
wacko Christians and
welcome, good sir.
Need more coffee, last post deleted.
Pls visit my personal blog here  RT if something grabs you.
Thanx!
Not to mention parents!
Apparently through no fault of my own I have been judged as a Walker stalker!!
thats what he said apparently
Stomach is hella sore and feels like its turning inside out is this what working out twice as hard for 2 weeks straight does?
we'll be ready for ya!
anyone know who won the voice?
go get a new phone lol
ABSOLUTELY!
RT Chocolate is totally an essential part of a balanced breakfast, right ?
are the carriers which are in checkout list are final?
when my mom's doctorving and I get road rage and start doctorpping fbombs left and right.
hahaha.
sorry mom, he almost hit us.
it was needed.
d:
Night time is the worst, because all I can do is sit here and think that when I wake up in the morning this isn't going away.
:
Girls don't get pregnant and don't have unprotected sex at a young age
Go listen to and new EPS today!
check out AHP facebook page too!
i know, there so thoughful!!!!
there was one Alan hayden in my bed last week tho, he promised to get the fumigators at it!
lol
don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.
All That I Got is YouInspiring empowering song abt how poverty impacts childoctorn and moms
you are so right ken!!!
Countdown at my current job is 9 days.
Big plans in place for after that, and big plans also yet to be discovered.
If I get a sun burn again today I will cry
Who want a follow from me..?
If you do then follow for an instant follow back!
thanks.
On my way but not there yet.
Later today or tomorrow?
if you're here 31 FOX
Watching the NCAA finals with my boy Kentucky!!: lol
help me out peopel with more followers plz :D THX
Show on July 31st at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
Another Saturday, another wedding to shoot.
I swear, I am going to reclaim my weekends very soon.
Thinking about deleting my twitter .
MiniMary's 2.00.
Coffee is Hot.
Open.
NFL Ticket.
after visiting I have the desire to leave all this excitement behind for a life with programmers.
You're all very impressive!
TBlades Rule
So mad is in San Antonio Today and I Can't Go.
:'
out by midnight ha!
;
Upshaw to Baltimore looks brilliant right about now, yes?
TSizzle done for season w/ youth Achilles.
nokxl Barry S.
We can and we will win this battle.
did you tell her about the emotional experience you had with the bearded man?
If not, these words are lies.
Mobile Devices Can Be Windows To New Augmented Reality
Trend?
I'll Have Another.
Stay Thirsty?
I'm looking for a horse named It's on the House!
you're welcome :
hmm, I'll have to check when I'm back in the office.
Thanks for the follow!
I love this great weather, I have decided I hate rain I just want sun or snow..
Go Giants!!
His clinic is unique in its followthru.
They do targeted home visits to follow up with clients and utilize community members to do outreach
Got Some Diamonds Round My Neck No Fugazayyy
Don't forget: Ludacris tickets are on sale tomorrow at the Hub at 10 AM, 20, two tickets per Suffolk ID.
Yes...
I agree.
Native was a wise choice on Articulates part.
Looking fwd 2 testing...
It would have felt amazing.
plays sadder song
it is a book by Mindy Kaling, hilarious!
If you got a stupid message from my acct.
asking this you?
it is NOT from me.
do not click on it.
im going to sleep...bye
Its kinda cute how u can give in full detail everything u like about me
Are we reuniting this week?
One time I died while pooping.
you can download snoopy street fair on any apple gadget!
you will love it!
xx lol xx
Witness prep in Seattle later this week; environmental matter.
When are bitches going to learn not to take their clothes off on camera when they're menstruating?
NOT SEXY.
I know I'm still getting the hang of it.
I like it tho.
HP Mini Notebook up for grabs tonight!
Its funny how people change.
Are u sleep
Just try and see my bad side lol
MyCelebCrushIs I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TREND!!:
Storms scare the jeebies outta me!
I need my new rims ASAP.
Not having a car is killing me
It was!
I got some great ideas on using LinkWithin and Yet Another Related Posts Plugin.
The latter seems to work better...
See the new doc Strange Powers: Stephin Merritt and the Magnetic Fields Thursday, 12/2 at 7pm  filmmaker in attendance!
add me on facebook  devils advocate
Lol!
RT :  why u never spoke to me in high school...
u didn't look good in high school thats real.
Fuck a bitch name trust
I must say Brandy  Monica look great in this new video.
OMG I'm like cracking up
newts a RINO too.
Pretty hypocritical to talk about undermining the 2010 agreement.
Personally, I take Jack
GOODNIGHT GUYS feel free to ask us question KEEP SUPPORTING ask us to follow back now befor we fet even more bussyTI AMO
Sorry Longhorns : but we are still having fun.
Thank you and come join us!
Push me I'll push u
Very excited about the builders that will be attending the Exchange event: Ashton Woods, Homes by Towne, Lennar, Bowen, Home Creations.....
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release Final Thoughts coming April 21st via promo!
Seriously impressed by halftimeshow.
Way to go
The Magic Castle is on fire.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, Joseph E.
Johnston, outnumbered nearly 21  Yorktown, started to pull his troops back toward Richmond.
Love it when groups outside the Library host public discussions of our books.
Want to read The Book Thief in October?
Message us your info!
I can't wait till its 3:05 :
lolol :D what grade are you in?
RR should throw the red flag on that call...
The debate was just interrupted by a tornado warning.
Transcript of the President39;s remarks in ceremony for UK
Always a plus!
Don't let the snow stop you from enjoying your weekend!
Stop by for a Birrifico Bruton Momus8/glass or 25/25oz bottle
I dislike him...ALOT
The Alero in CP sucks, but the one in Dupont is better than Guapo's.
LOL!
It has bits of real panther...so u know it's good!
good stuff on today.
So many 140cuse tweets.
I think TweetDeck is going to blow up...need an alternate hashtag.
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
Time to bite the bullet and work out again.
My quads are still hurting from Sat's Bmore Half!
It does seem fitting.
Duh.
I wouldn't dance for free David.
I believe in Guts' Rights.
have you tried it speed racer?!
I donn't remember how I got home and I am still really doctornk lol
YOU JUST WANT US TO PASS OUT AND DIE DONT YOU?
thats why you posted that viddy.
not that im complaining tho ;
Giving the Lord your doctoram is a sacrifice, finding out He loves you enough to help you fulfill those doctorams is priceless.
I don't trust the church or the government
The 7yo DudeSter  I challenged ourselves NOT to dance at the dinner table while listening to DYNAMITE.
Head bopping was allowed.
What's your take on it, after 3 weeks?
Have a specific group to respond to different types of complaints.
Separate team for content curation.
Yeah Doc is staying in Boston!
Now we just need to convince Paul to stick around, c'mon Pierce you belong in Boston!
If i catch stupid mono i'm gonna be pissed
aw!
We're twinsy!!
Some friends I have these days just suck
I'm not as dumb as you hope I am.
iIf they had weed names like Kung Fu Panda i bet that shit would b smoking lolxxx.
You're so welcome!
Great panel!
: Thanks for coming to my ASJA panel, Melanie!
Right on!
Lobos game this afternoon...
Go Lobos!
sometimes second chances work out better than the first because then you're able to learn from your mistakes.
so happy to go to france without my dad only mom for 3 weeks ...
Haha hey Uhh I'm not here a lot any le haha?
om my way hm
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
I hate when its used but do you think R knows more about Greinke's 'condition'  ZG would've imploded if game was in AZ?
Hope to see you at the osdbuconference tomorrow!
Let us know if we should stop by your booth.
but we have to keep the house clean because I have family friends coming over on Saturday!
mos wanted crew i'm dying
Like us on Facebook!
www.Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies RT to your friends!
A Holiday Post: Santa  8 Essentials of PBL: Santa Believes..
Do You?
Share/enjoy
Skipping the dancing girls on stage.
Considering RUSH music instead...
RT : Giroux impressed me as much as anyone else, but before we anoint him he best in the game, let's see him win a Cup ring.
Cars by Snow Patrol 3
someone took my stapler from my desk, can Contact 6 look into this please?
;
It's ironic: I'm allergic to grass and I'm doctornking grass..it's like Inception.
while doctornking BarleyLife for her allergies
If you looked up 'incredibly beautiful' in a dictionary, there would be a picture of you.
Father Frank Pavone, Priests for Life: We dont need a year to decide what we are going to do because the rule is unjust.
Yesterday, found letter to same office from Elias Howe on behalf of an employeeformer soldier
Yikes on the Strasburger !
InSchoolTheresAlways that teacher that could scare satan right out of you.
NY Knicks about to give it the Heat.
Real talk.
Chicago, and you?
who's excited for summer olympics?????
Been back frm NYC 4 almost 2 weeks  I'm STILL doctorggin' azz ...next time at LEAST 3 whole days, cuz 2  the pace we were moving was bananas.
When I sit by myself in my room my dad start talking why u sitting alone why don't u sit with us.When my bro sit alone he never talk to him
big fan
Our client would recommend George of the Jungle 2 ;
4/29  2 join the FFL 4 the Women's History Month Annual Tea!
Join us for music, tea and more!
Check the link 4 more info...
Today i work on getting the Fall catalog together!
This is going to be very exciting.
Currently catching up on some meprojects
Here's a tip...Trying to wake up from a good sleep?
Try to energize your senses by writing a short 4 line poem that describes how you feel.
Following your doctorams is not enough!
You must believe in yourself and GO AFTER YOUR doctorAMS!
MAKE THEM HAPPEN DONT LET THEM HAPPEN
I've got good friends in that neighborhood.
yo wassup with those videos and interviews
OMG I SAW BIGBANG ON MTV IN SERBIA
gonna game on battefield the first one that is,lol c u guyz later
Huntsville Police spend hours chasing renegade cow  WAVE
You look cute today
At the airport.
Waiting on my flight to come...
just a few more hours!!
Any scheduled time off that PO's have within the next week may be canceled
Say what?
Tonight was the Oscars?!
You don't say...
please follow me?:
All that damn makeup on my sweater.
U gettin a damn hand shake from now on
Mario Williams is in the house for the Sabres game
If I can smell your weave a mile away...
smh
Never stop learning
im bringing sunglasses.
hahah
Another good superbowl!
Or to Texas!
We have some great lakes here!
Sounds like you guys could use some caffeinated to help you through the night!
my hubby is a tattoo artist, so I know a thing or two ; why can't you mess w/ your neck?
Entrepreneurship: living a few years of your life like most people won't, so you can spend the rest of your life like most can't
Good night all peace out!!
ZZZZzzs
blue cheese or die fuckers ...
I want that on my tombstone
You're moving up there?!
:D When???
maybe i should actually start tweeting
Just saw the commercial with the lady trying to prepare for BlackFriday HILARIOUS!!!!!
Thank you Hanover, for your excellent research.
: Thanks for the RT!
I gave some Mambas to one of my 8yearold students.
He'd never had them before.
Now he's addicted.
Lol, presto!
I will make sure to brush up on my Italian before I come ;
Everyone on my high school reunion facebook page either has kids or is bald  I can't remember most of them.
Now I'm afraid I'll break a hip
That sad cloud's probably back today.
But in Maryland, singles and families of all sorts, we're just going about our business.
you still streaming tonight?

Who do you multitask on producing 4 Instrumentals at the same time?
All I need is 3 cups of Coffee, 1970s Marvel comic, and netflix.
I feel that Digital Libraries would be enhanced by having a class mascot.
Perhaps a kitten or a Corgi puppy?
Another lame weekend.
Only ten more days of school
Working on next issue of our magazine Small Town Living.
We publish here: www.stliving.net if anyone is curious  oh and its FREE
I'm So hungover
Staying up again maybe c;
so happy to be here!
Don't know about getting you a great deal on Oats and Hay, but with a TallyCardz you can save a great deal EVERYDAY!
statute w/ increased penalty by discretion if it was simple possession,was not used or not attempted to be used in other crime.
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to connect!
what did you get John?
RT : A smart girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
It'd sure be nice if textshadow looked the same across browsers.
If you missed it earlier..
We'll give away another round of FREE passes to Disney's latest movie...
Watch at 6:25 this morning to get yours!
net is on grass.
That makes it field hockey, which means you're a woman, which means you're a dyke.
you know the feeling and weren't showing us what's up on event day?
yeah, i have their first 2 albums.
the first is a grungelite classic.
While reading it to my class today, I was reminded yet again how good a short story The Most Dangerous Game is.
the studio ready son..its just waiting on you
S/O to and fam for letting me in their basement tonight..
You know the conversation is boring when you're about 5 minutes in saying how was your day
yellow helmet
only 5 episodes in so you can EASILY catch up.
ABC  Thursdays at 10 pm.
you can thank me later.
one day, lol one day
cut my lock..
Steal my '11 novus..Took month found another new still in box cross country, I think I'm the winner here still!
thanks for the RT!
3 and happy new year!
Screaming FLAVOR FLAV while dispensing your yogurt isn't required, but we certainly do encourage it.
what happened?
/:
This kid puts GTA IV in my Xbox and screws up my TV
How are you gonna be in a relationship with someone but you're acting single
UnderGround Tonight  the Wesley  8:07pM!!!
Ben Donley bringin a great word tonight hope to see you there!
dear sweet god.
Museum as iPhone app  Museum Free Version!
Upgrade to Museum Premium Version!
Hm...
Had a great weekend?
Don't want it to end just yet????
Head on down to today for a yummy burger and a delicious Stinky Gringo
Hey, nice work!
Finally, a timeline that doesn't work against the default user behavior.
This game can be boring
Bureaucracy has changed the course number of Digital Storytelling.
Bah!
But you can't keep a good story down.
Like a phoenix, it rises again
Thx for the shoutout and  looking forward to your insights!
My body is so ready for Warped Tour.
RT  I'm not a woman that needs a man, I'm a woman that a man needs!
Sickens me that so called HUMANS posted that trash.
Classless.
maybe because you think they're full of it?
Hope you get a chance to catch up on sleep soon!
In a certain way, we all share Don Juan, Lucien de Rubempré, Papageno, the Venus de Milo, Madonna, or Friends.
thanks so much.
I'm proud to be from NHP.
Nokia Siemens slashes 23 of workforce in effort to save 1B Nokia Siemens Networks will cut 17,000 jobs by the end of 2013.
This
Watching an idiot abroad
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly!
Normal messaging rates apply.
: Thanks for following!
That too.
Heck, ObjectiveC is written in C, so, yeah.
:
is that the one on north avenue?
It bothers me when girls hate on others for being pretty.
Everyone should appreciate beauty in all forms!!
Back to School wine tasting tonite.
Join us from 5:30 till 8 as we sample 5 new wines  lite bites.
10 OFF all purchases tonite.
Cost 5
RT  NFL Mirror League  AFC pick 7.12: I selected J.
Thomas.
Baltimore Ravens is on the clock, and New England ...
I love getting cake from my coworkers :
How high is on MTV
you should never forget its a classic!
He just called me Big Head .
DANG,g2g c ya later
Come in today to get your air brush tan all set for the weekend!
stay in business as an new company?
She was a little trill, but NOWHERE near this ratchet lol
I need to go to fan outfitters to get that platinum Jersey!
skinny's the new lightskin 
can u please follow me back!!
3 please austin ;

Bluegrass is absolutely good for the soul!
followed me:
If anything, my jour111 students clearly worked very hard NOT to laugh when that happened, a fact that, in turn, made me want to laugh.
Tis a bit chilly out
Ice cream makes everything better!
Good night to you as well, and may your doctorams that you hold dear be the ones that come true, just for you.
Best wishes.
cheese cake left on the breakroom table lol
Say, what was the awesome iPhone charger you were sporting at SXSW called?
Can't wait to meet Austin Carlile for the 3rd time
waaaaah light up shoes used to be my shiiiiit
Good seeing you at Thursday's follow up to Build On!
A great meeting of Chicago Arch.
Entrepreneurs...
I thought you were one ofmy best friends and your gonna forget about me?
Anything to feel more confident in an interview.
I did : did u??
And thank you..
I hope u have a good day too
Who wants my phone number I need a new buddy/friend texting.
RT if u want my number : i would love to give it to u
Wow, 11 police cruisers at the Seal/Orion/Ambassador hotels on south Aurora  120thish.
Anyone know what that's about?
Thanks for the Saturday love!
Saw some nice actors for my next project today.
Be even kill never get to high or to low stay in between when it comes to actions.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When people take long to say the grace for  I'm Hungry AF .
im at a funeral!!
Yea, Wall St Protests.
Early Mornings, Because I Promised Myself Nomore Late Nites
I blame u on the dead batt.
Prob left iphone plugged in.
Reporters.......
RT : It feels good to quit your 95, even if you don't have another job option.
Follow your doctoram
sounds riveting for that over 65 crowd.
love you:
I think so.
I know that they definitly cannot reply to or retweet your tweets.
They also should not be able to DM you.
RT : ODE gave KnowledgeWorks a shout out in the Alliance for Excellent Education webinar this aftermoon
the singing bee is singing Jolene and all I can think of is 3
lol come doctornk out the boob holders lmao doctornk of ur choice
Like you ideas.
Growing my own food and cautious shopper looking for options.
TFF!
Pretty sure I just saw someone fall off the stage during rehearsal just now.
Slight work RT TAKE A SHOT OF LISTERINE THEN GET TO THE .....
Sigh, can't be there until Wednesday morning
Context rules: license tag could be just cranky.
GOT WOODCOCK bumper sticker to the left says cranky hunter 
I'm not really into indie rock.
With summer I think about Shooter Jennings' Fourth of July, Gangstarr's Dwyck...
Today's tour options: a Dearly Departed scandal bus, a stroll through Venice history, or a hike high above Hollywood.
Jumpstart your metabolism with breakfast.
Don't just grab anything; include protein for sustained energy  fiber to fill you up!
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it'll live its whole life believing that it's stupid.
Einstein
I can't really say I really haven't listen to jyj .
I know I'm bad lol
yes.
I'm still laughing....
Suzanne Collins, writer of HungerGames, also wrote Clarissa Explains it All.
Mind blown.
who u tellin I'm tired of lookin at our videos I want da real thing
Craziness!
That's why I stick to The Maine ....
instead of Maine ....
Haha.
hahahaha a cute face
sweet, yes let's coordinate :
My new years resolution is 1920x1080.
Denver, CO
yeah we do!
...and it spits a dendoctorgram too :
While I was walking my doggie an elderly lady told me the cement gets hot on their paws, so I punched her in the face.
Good morning :
I'm not sure castigating the rich is really helping anything.
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants  As Far As You Know on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at.
It's kind of funny most days.
Not when I'm asleep.
housestaff GWU no one signed up for lunch today  12pm.
Looks like I will be eating Aroma alone today Somebody join !!
.
I've written and published a few short stories, but I do best with them when I have to follow someone else's guidelines.
Thanks so much for the info!
Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours.
C.S.
Lewis
Some people spam Justin way to much.
You don't need to send the same message a 100 times
Every time he get the ball they BOO him!
The hat trick is not a good look
indeed, but I don't expect everyone to think of everything.
Lmao I got 's twitpic  text thingy an I been hacking him!
XD Lmao!
Sorry bro I had to!
xP
Glad to know that Ian Astbury is making a little  during the Super Bowl
It's hard for someone to recognize a trait as a flaw if it conforms with their tightly held belief system.
its always my fault.
You should know to text me more than once if I don't reply.
not really selfish, just think about how many directioners lost tickets to directionators
Billy Graham's Son: Obama Has 'Shaken His Fist' At God huffpost But what if God's gay?
Lol is the best off twitter haha
Am i the only one that dont trust youth pastors ?!
Wow I'm Exhausted have been auditioning new players for my new band.
I really hate it I want to hire everyone so far I may have 50 pieces
Who has told a new friend about so far in 2011?
We want to know who is still spreading the word!
:
Headphones confirmed as Day DLC for this journey
They are on their way, and I Cced Marco as well on an idea to help distribute here.
your play today stressed me.
, you need to throw short passes and have someone better calling plays.
I hate having a suitcase on the bus.
I hate it even more when it snags on my rights and ruins them.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Sneaks from behind desk...shakes a stick at Monday...quickly scurries back behind desk...waits
I wish CVS served alcoholic like the ones in Hollywood do.
I need Jose!!!!
Earthquakes, UFO's and Al Sharpton; you be the judge.
air wings!!
Still stuck in work for another hour unfortunately.
Check what I said we were losing until MDA finally put a PG on the floor named Lin.
Baron is hurt again.
The Epilepsy Update conference is quickly approaching, if you haven't registered, visit our website to do that today!
I'll take it.
Deal!
I have a Poli Sci degree from , worked on 's campaign  ran for office 2x.
Still learned something at
Yay : i hope my mom says yes tho
Really need to figure out what I'm getting for Miss Tiffani's babyshowerrr.
Hm.
I'm out in Dougieville recordin' man.
Hey Dm me your email, Ill send you some tracks there
haha poor them!
And read your messages when you get home just so i know where on the same page together.
iPet companion does that for animal shelters.
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Neighborhood 3 OPENS TONIGHT!
Be there so you get first dibs on bragging rights among your friends.
Glad to partner with you all!
vielen dank herr rice!
follow me or i come 2 ur house n eat yu out a hme
haha.
the headbutt was cheap!
It's boxing.
you SUPPOSED to punch somebody.
BTW big news may be coming 4/19.
VP is coming up to Oakland.
Mandatory Meeting.
Last time this happened they laid off peeps.
Im so exhausted today!
a girl that went out and made a fool of her doctornk self and says she is looking for a real man
Sage wisdom.
RT : Lesson learned: make sure I understand the new Tweetdeck interface before adding work's Twitter account.
Yo EricALA is SO much more fun when you can hook up with old friends Hope to see you!
So uncomfortable but so necessary :/
all this talk, talk, talk.
Just send me the number to your lawyer.
That's all I'm asking for right now.
do you play guitar lefty?
i can't tell if its that or your videos are just backwards, hahah.
x
Eric just ordered his wedding band!
YAY!
:D
Text me already.
Mary Bondmass from NHS on 2tor program.
What if traditional GU education could be delivered to students everywhere?
and I have a shit ton of movies to watch.
blunts for seau
what's wrong 
If we cant win it this inning, i hope it goes on ll night!!
Ending with a cubbies win of course!!
Say Something is still my jam.
Oh HELL NO...
I'm never going near an airplane in my LIFE!
If winning isn't everything, then why do they keep score?
Lombardi was the Greatest.
oh yes I've been.
It's further than I wanted to walk though.
Ended up at Cafe Dolci instead.
Thx for the rec.
let me see it
Is Fox giving 'The Flintstones' to someone else or are they waiting for u?
perfect day til now
yes moscato all day!
Los Angeles City College Artists!!
Jump at this great opportunity.Go to Foundation office for GHAPFM Scholarship!
Let your doctorams begin!
Oh man, Liz and Max!
I love you, Jason Behr.
GETTING A QUICK doctorZINK WAITING ON JESSE
Do i love these hoes?
M kinda sorta
It still cracks me up that my spellcheck wants to change Limbaugh to limburger.
My healthy habits are yoga, lots of veggies, morning super smoothies, and of course not smoking cigs and limiting alcohol!
haha yeah.
Was there like a red rocket ship on top of the theatre?
FAIL OFF!!
I don't always agree with the content, but NYRB has been reviewing full seasons as a rule.
I'm rocking it at home with the kids tonight.
Probably will end up playing with Barbies.
Watching Jack, Arnie and Gary needle each other at the par3 tournament is like watching any ol' weekend bunch goin' at it.
God bless 'em!
yes, I really liked Gulliver's post, especially since I'm an academic and I just came to Twitter in the last few months.
I bet lol all that twerkin you was doing...and horrible smh only got 4 hrs of sleep and now I'm doing homework  ...
No one will EVER replace OUR ICONic Boyz!
: 3
.
Will Allen is a personal hero of mine.
The work he's doing is extraordinary.
Refs won tonight not the Heat
We are back and now on application 130045  Diane Overmyer
hey bro wsup hasn't seen u n how long???
lol
This week is National EMS Week!
Price should win just for his creativity
You mean they do deliver?
It's good wine I usually buy that brand.
Peace followers!
NP.
How did it go, everyone?
Yes, cool business selling cartoons and games.
Global.
Wish I was better at marketing.
You bet!
haha I did good on hole 3 imma burn down hole 7
smut deepthroat like she was born without a neck
Crossed a hipster rubicon when an indie band bound for SXSW stayed at my house last night.
Now celebrating at my favorite locavore place.
Lam.
3:2122 Yet this I call to mind and therefore I have hope: Because of the LORDs great love we are not consumed.
Hey!
We met for the first time 2 years ago!!
Be patient my angry friend ...
we will be there in due time ...
RIP Bmister For those in the SEO world, Build My Rank is dead from a Panda bite : Link networks beware, Google is on the war path!
lol not gong out i feel like ass!
last night  big blur!
na somebody show some money n dis bitch
fridayreads THE GREY ALBUM, THE SUN'S HEARTBEAT, THE SPIRIT CATCHES YOU AND YOU FALL DOWN
you embarrassed????
My followers keep growing...what can I say...I'm a badass pig!
LAMESAUCE!
Why is not playing tonight?
That's just upsetting!!!
Warningdo not use PAYPAL!
Went to Paypal yesterday toChanged my info too.
Had 250 stolen from my bank.
Ray Allen just pure
it's ok
what do you want to accomplish with jailbreak that you can't do already?
I'm 20 feet away!
Lol RealTalk haha but the rolls are the beginning to your eminent demise.
Next its FF and crackers lol
Who does Samuel L.
Jackson have a date with?
Is he cheating on Siri with his old flip phone?
It ain't too bad here in Washington, DC either : Sunny, blue skies, temps in 50s.
Not bad for winter.
Tiffany doesn't have a facebook or Twitter though!
You should get her to send some of those pics to you.
Florida Panthers win a great game!!!!!
Jerome Harrison is the dirtiest player in football over the last decade...
What an asshole...
I'm sure Steelers fans are proud
Heading down to ?
Make sure you go energizedstop in for a breakfast on your way to the pier
The last class of my college career is over.
I'm actually kind of sad.
Do you realize how unfun this game would be if we never met?
hey you want a column on my blog?
I'll let you do it every TWO weeks.
Im done being sad over you.
I have enough stress without you adding to it and I wont let you be the reason for my tears.
Pop Won Geezer Of The Year.
I'm going LIVE on with TONIGHT AT 9pm from THE FALLS!!
I used to say all the time that I was gonna move out when I turned 18.
Wonder why I havnt yet.
Which one are you, Thelma or Louise?
coaches aren't smart  but Troy's been having back problems, one of his vertebra is slipping out of his spinal cord?
Ow ha
Thats Awesome...Congrats!!
Whats the name of your crew?
say what son!?!
why do people think it's ok to ruin peoples personal life?
I mean I like j/j also but they seriously have some scary followers
raising property taxes 100 a year does nothing to you.
Helps build schools which then puts  back in economy
omfg i just looked stupid in front of my class because i was smiling so big omg:'
Already waiting for Friday.
Plans?
Are you contemplating this?
Or did this already happen and I missed it?
excited to attend the 2011 State of the Young professoresional event tommorow in Columbus.
I was born with a no skip out gene lol.
Haven't called in sick to work in over a decade and had Perfect attendance K12
where's the coast?
Cincinnati?
It's official.
Despite having a million of them, doctor is the most ridiculous nickname Shaq has.
: The HU Instagram scene today is going to be looking like a mixture of Tumblr and a rap video.
THAT IS SO REAL!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ...
Louis Hector Berlioz
all in a day's work of a proud partner of the :
It must be dumb fuck Friday at work today!!
all I can do is say wow and smh so happy I have a 1/2 day
The nerve of some niggas.
Same mfers b asking me for bangers when they get treated.
Nigga I ain't no charity lol
ashamed of the suburbs?
FF Poo, organizer of domestic workers and one TIME's 100 most influential people in the WORLD.
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
Why are these presentations so boring BoredAsFuck !
Well, they may get older, but their taste in women doesn't age.
hee hee
Ok.
This is the 3rd time someone had expressly offered me doctorgs this week...In public.
i told you a million times im not mad.
it just irks me that you did that even after i told you what he was doing to me..
dude what are you doing!!
interested in more Poe?
Tell me Something god
Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans.
:
at corner brew's beer garden, on a beautiful and productive day for me.
is good to be in Michigan today.
I still need to pack.
Warm burrata with red onion, lemon, chile, parsley, olive oil  grilled bread
office is good, very quiet.
Yes, we must discuss the meeting place for the color run!!
:
its ok we can throw a I HATE VALENTINE DAY party lol
I'm 1 year Anniversary with the homie Pow!
Do you think Jesus is pissed that people celebrate his birth by being jackasses while shopping?
Niggas cheat on the ones who love them for a hoe.
That shit ain't cool.
he doctorves me crazy .
but no were fine now :
McCafé Frozen Strawberry Lemonade 
hey hoe, when are you going to be home?
EmailMarketing Best Practices Tip 11: personalize as much as possible.
Use first name in subject line.
Its a conversation, not an ad.
Show tomorrow at Crossroads of Newnan, Georgia!
Show starts at 7!
Be there or be square!
Today, George Zimmerman was charged with 2nd degree homicide in the death of Trayvon Martin.
A warrant was issued for Zimmerman in Florida.
You should be a 'civilian' on Kathy!
You'd be so great!!
YES I follow you guys on this backup
Bitch I'm in the 212.
There is a difference between expressing your opinion and being rude.
Matt Forte is looking real good this week, Hester is doing great, the D is actually getting pressure.....but this is the Rams.
Probably the greatest show ever created.
Straight outta Compton
School flow :
That's great!
Thanks for getting back to me.
RT : Yes, there were a couple of fans that showed the post!
which cutie do you want?
dope dope dope
Pacers win, Pacers win!!!!
I like how you have my hat on in your twitcon.
:
Hey  have a local contact you can put me in touch with?
ONE life...
thats all youve got....
make a difference!
:
And that's exactly why I've lost faith in Detroit.
San Diego Coroner:Woman found dead is Marine's wife who disappeared.
arrests made..will pass on latest on 5pm news
Good idea.
Can you post it in the Google Group too?
Suggest day/time.
When you do something or go somewhere then othere people wanna do the same things your doin.
how you been though?
Very productive rehearsal/training today!!!!
looking forward to what God is gonna do.
Facebook IPO set for Norwegian Independence Day, May 17
It's OUT with the OLD, and IN with the NEW.
Oh this is gonna be fun
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommy's and grannies and soontobe mommy's!
Hugsnkisses...Granny Regina and Granny Pat
We are in this together.
Thank you for reminding us all of our potential  power.
Let's make this happen
That, and people citing their experience as mangers, is a typo I see on at least a third of the resumes that cross my desk.
Everyone go listen to Chai Tea Latte by Angel Taylor.
It's my entire life, I swear.
they ran out.
No doubt, they'll be out in full force, opposing those things they once evolved to under Obama, under a Republican.
really tough judging but team moto killed it last night on Top Chef!
Kobe with 18 1st quarter points.
Then you should skip shopping.
Seattleites arent fashionable
It's funny how God has a sense of humor...ha ha...
hey Will you please tell your followers about Banner Day for Saints Season www.worldchampionfans.com
May actually be able to move up to 8g.
It's small, so what.
I'm broke..and I need a job bad.
If I bought an apple tv, i wouldn't need a ps3.
Sad that vacation is over and things must go back to normal, but thankful for the good times.
Hi Michael Thank you, the article is awesome.
How is your book coming along?
Can't wait to publish some of your stuff!
Who is the only major league baseball player to have been ejected from a game without ever having played?
First correct answer wins!
thanks for the shout out.
Love that we can work together to educate!
Wasn't sure what to expect, but chicago is incredible
just give it one more hour
I miss ur tweets when u gona start tweeting again?
;
Repeating and retards, great night
Ok maybe that was a little cynical.
But, tedium, thy name is teenage girl.
Hi Deb!!
it was so wonderful to finally meet you too!
i'm so glad helloetsy finally brought us together  am so excited for CREST!
Jamey Wright was the Brewers opening day pitcher in 2001...a 10 loss against the Dodgers.
Now with the Dodgers, he faces the
we haven't been getting any fucking calls
haha probably.
Bet he just makes us watch a movie or do group work bc he's too stonned to teach
I'll join Im a true Fan
he a goon tho
Overheard who needs an app when you have a beer
Tiff Hayes just pulled a Lebron
Rake!
Snow's much heavier!
Even though 3 inches of snow brings out some interesting doctorving in Ptown.
Agreed?
:
What can me and do now
Dad is back in NY.
Mom just did her first prenatal yoga.
I think I like that.
She chills out a little ;
tell him brett
It's been a techno Christmas!
Free redbull on guadalupe  26th, Austin, TX  courtesy of the redbull truck !
Oprah killed herself when she started the O network.
Now her bump ain't worth squat.
Just like the republicans.
They got weed but I been dope.
Q4 my other half volunteers with the local Red Cross disaster action team, would be a great volunteer role for a librarian
It can't be said enough.
Madonna, please doctorp the fake British accent.
Congratulations!
That is wonderful news!!
We want to be able to Minister at one of you events.
It would be a blessing
Jamie Stachowski, unlike the new charcuterie place I recently tried, will undoubtedly offer terrific sandwiches.
Can't wait for him to open.
LiteraryQuote: To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge.
Sybil by
somebodytellmewhy doctornk words are sober thoughts?
I understand all guys and women are my brothers and sisters.
I agree I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
You were never on a hardwood , you just make people sleep there
the Occupy skanks, apologizes to skanks, think that rioting  Effing with regular peoples livelihood will win elections?
Ha ha
Dog these new beats tho!!!
me too!
Thanks:
Would love to be in Linz, celebrating in fine style with ...
: I think Courtney was a butthole baby?
she gives you a run for your money with the mind games!
Maybe you should date
what don't u get?
True, but did point that out.
Glad you came is 5 on iTunes!!
Congrats boys!!
:
Zygmunt Miloszewski reading of Entanglement at Czech Ctr really rocked!
Antonia Lloyd Jones did great English version
Just found a great blogging software that about to be released for your use will give you the link  when it's released
Boss out of the office?
Turn your coworkers onto www.freekshowradio.com
I had Missouri losing to FL in one bracket and Marquette in the other...pretty happy about that upset!
Leaders will find it Impossible to Find Happiness if they sacrifice the NEEDS of the many, to fund the Excess of the FEW.
Hint: its an easy one.
Deeng, i havent been on this account in forever!
oreally funny !
funny women u knw what i mean lol
Does virgin wool come from ugly sheep?
bring it aint no one scared
Stair dismount app is hilarious.
You're welcome.
Have fun on the west coast!
You're 15, you shouldn't be worried about having a relationship.
15yearolds get lonely too.
shut up.
I got choked up saying goodbye to Amber at Universe of Superheroes even though she's tattooed, pierced, and has a boyfriend...
well just let me know!
im making spaghetti  corn on the cob !
Should be a good game!
of AUGUST!!
HI BEAUTIFUL!
:
?Judging yourself, is not the same as being honest with yourself
It'll be interesting to see what NBC plans to do with their Thursday 89pm hour come January.
Parks and Office are as solid as ever.
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
Harry Styles head is so hairy lmfaoo
hey hey hey :D
If you see at Coachella and tweet me a pic with her, I'll send you a signed mixtape.
oof i went through a franco phase and watched all his bad movies and gurl there are a LOT of bad jf movies
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.Francois Marie Arouet
TODAY, 6:308:30pm: How do you document real life?: Discovering the Digital Creative Process of J.
Larsons RENT.
, Rm 6496,
I can't cope with the pressure Settlin for lesser The god left lessons on my doctorsser So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
live laugh love?
A client I taught manifestation principles to just landed the big three; man, car, watch.
She gets it big time :
and are pulling double duty tomorrow 7P Jazz downstairs 10P Soul/Jazz upstairs 5303 Lankershim
I'll check it out.
Glad you watched my piece
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
One more song then I should have the 3000 for tonight.
ComeOnLorrieYouCanDoThis;
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs  stratejoy.com  maybe u'll find some inspiration  a joyful direction!
do you remeber that time when we texted each other like300 times in one day?x
Approaching the Maryland House...
A typical bird has seven different types of feathers.
The best known are the tail feathers.
I have a cold now too..
when u pray for something b ready to accept all that comes with it .
Really excited about all the traffic this morning.
I just love her she's so multitalented
My life is in hardcore, but bluegrass is seriously the most fun music to listen to live.
might not be scoring, but rebounding and effort are off the charts tonight
OK, I voted online.
I'll stop by tomorrow at
oh no who will sit by me?
Jefferson Davis was inaugurated as President of the Confederacy two weeks before mister Lincoln took his oath on March 4, 1861.
Happy Mother's Day to mine 's beautiful, caring and hard working mommy.
: We love you with all our hearts Mommy Malik!
: Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
3 more days...
GAME DAY!!!
GO DUKES!!
Our pleasure.
Keep up the great work!
One hour left to get 25 off your entire order!
Who is going to be our 50th funder in our 100cities in 100 days challenge?
Holy shit.
I leave for some writing, and I miss all of the fun.
Bon of a Sitch!
Why did we have to lose Luck?
Couldn't it have been filmed without harming animals?
RT : It's Fox6/WI State Fair cream puff giveaway!
600lucky viewers will be able to pick up a free 6pack of cream puffs 68 am
Heard of Jamachi Spa?
Call and Ask for Maku or Barbara and get 25 OFF ur next massage 301.585.0888
dude im the same way, i just watched the whole season of once upon a time in 3 days
Someone broke into my car once again and stole my credit card 
Day before St.
Paddys day  tourists holding up the train at everystop on the local tryna get directions
I get a lot of love in the town
I think im gonna buy austin a hat and send it to him but i dont know which one to get!
if a guy cheats on a different girl with you, what makes you think he won't do the same to you?
Find the 11 Robert Graham sculptures and tell me what you think.
They are pretty amazing.
Happy Turkey Day!
Cheers!
flavors of the week: moca coffee and peach sorbetto.
We restocked on our doctorp love black tank!
And their still ONLY 15!
Snag them up while there still on sale!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
hey  chris is trying to edit your pkg, but he cant find your track.
Can you call the desk?
8585736500 THX
Let's get after it early tonight and smash the Crew!!!
Mark Edwards?
or Fred Morton?
are you a chicken?
cuz i wanna strip you and then eat you
I'm doublefisting water  coffee this morning...
don't make me laugh or I'll pee myself.
The harasser can be anyone from any level.
The misnomer is that managers are immune to being the victim...it's about education
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
: 3
WOW.
Congrats, man.
Huge.
don't mention this Tuesday thing to lucroy....
my guess would be coffee
Yeah if it wasnt for me you wouldnt be goin to that concert.
I met my boyfriend's mom for the first time.
After spending nearly 2 hours with her, she hugged me goodbye and asked what my name was.
SO looking forward to dinner w/ Nicole tonight!
Hooray for delicious
yess!
I really hope we win the I can go there by train :D
did you get your computer fixed?
Up here thinking on whether I should sell my car or not.......
Hahaha does phone auto correct ?
Downloaded La Bala u?
how about an Acoustic showcase..
2nd floor of dobbs one night with Alot of acts /or start a happy hour series?
Do you have a writing room?
Where is it?
What's it like?
So much pain built up day by day, I can't take this.
I need you so much but you're not here.
The next episode...we're talking Doctor Who!
Thx hope to see you soon!
RT : , It's actually been a while since I've had coffee in...
Can't sleep o:
That home screen looks pretty stock.
Where are all your apps?
:
I love that line.
I'm frustrated, too.
Thinking of deleting the account and opening a new one.
I wonder if that'll work?
Thinking bout heading to Real Chili to grab a 1  1/2 for the morning when I watch The Price is Right.
Dedication: INIOUSZ FOWLER, In loving memory of my Iniousz Fowler.
We miss you!
Don't miss Free Audit tomorrow for popular TV/FILM professorssional Class with BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso.
Whoever's on : it's a bad sign when even your correspondent's laughing at you...
And the damn reffs made the game...stern firing up the rivelry
The meetings went pretty good now I am ready to get home
Is arrogance one of the biggest issues we have to deal with in this gaming community nowadays?
I suspect I'll fail the quiz : haven't looked at the details in some time :0
sat transmodern was ecstatic beyond words!
HH  World Meets
OMG Algebra 8
I texted youu, u should most defiantly text back, that would make my day, :
Vibing with at the great shows she put together

get  me for show set
So that's one place where we differ.
It's as trashy as Velveeta and Rotel.
M.
Velveeta and Rotel....
what's this bull online about Vince Young being gay and that was Fishers real hang up with him on the Titans.
That's a lie that's not cool
This vacation thing is nice...
You all should try it sometime
Damn, you are up late, bro.
I'm getting sleepy and I'm on PST, lol.
The incensemaking machines are owned by a Woman's Federation, which also facilitates savings and credit selfhelp groups for the
i think we need a field trip to weho
I think I'm kind of addicted...
I watched Beyonce's World Tour on the plane twice!
She is so beautiful in way!
I just love her  her music!
Wish I had seen her show!
NO!
girls only
R.I.P.
Donna Summers.
She lost her bought with cancer.
She was 63.
Congrats on over a quarter million youtube views in four weeks!!!
team2hot!!
wat up it louis
Lord everyday I think...
That's cool to I just love getting mud on my face.
My schools just great 
FF Social Leaders
best of luck to you!
Thanks for using ShowClix  Happy New Years!
Rackers is also an exBengal/Bungle.
Is it a surprise he choked?
Awkward moment when having sex on a pull out couch and forgot to pull outb
FREE MATTHEW TURNER
RSVP: Green Hat
kiddos go to same school I did.
They played at PHS same place where I heard it for first time
I'm back on twitter :
I should start getting ready.

my twitter name so I know it's real :
that long wait while your food is being prepared.
People vote for on mtv's battle of the boybands now!!
They deserve it!
Shits about to get
Shout out to my new follower
Happy 25th Anniversary to my parents  yay!!
so whats up
I don't care if the damn wedding is a sham or not.
I'm just mad that I know so much about something i actively avoid learning about.
In the last 15 minutes, this chain restaurant/bar has played !!!, Hot Chip, and Yelle.
I'd bet on Steve.
RT : Why doesn't anyone name their racehorse 'Steve'?
I got half on a big bag ah dem grippos homie lol
Good morning!
What a great start to the day!
Techno Bro and BRNdoctorwill be dj'ing 4/28!
Opening for Dan Bell, ,  more!
Snow and lunch at the edges of downtown.
Your loyalty is our aim.
Hope to meet your expectations!
Millennials on the Rise Event tonight  AVA Lounge Rooftop Bar at doctoram Hotel I'll see you there.
Josh Gasser is now 1112 from three point land this season.
Unbelievable.
My CNN addiction is becoming unhealthy.
Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best.
Awww , you're too sweet.
Thanks for letting me feed you a birthday snack I'll come see you again soon!
:
Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg?
I don't understand this photo shoot...
Rock on..
I was bestnewchefs dinner this wknd.
All about the streets.
This spanish project
I think I would rather watch Shaq and Charles talk for 2 hours than watch the CelticsKnicks game
IfiHadaDirewolf I'd create the world's most dangerous petting zoo
kayy i will
I hope all the candidates exit the debate in a conga line.
Then you know it's a party.
followed.
there are many, that's why we're revamping.
BTW, there WILL be a test on how to send a text and scan a code after
LimeChat is buggy for me.
I'm digging Moon too.
Lotsa features.
Let me know if you figure out how to change the font.
Mine won't change.
Players working on assists.
Wrap around passes from baseline
I MISS YOU
Mason  Myers is live on 1450am!
Tune in to catch the latest sports talk around the Kentuckiana area!
Shoulder to Shoulder!
gobuffs!
no more skittles
Phil Hughes.
You are terrible.
what you gonna tell momma is all lies , I ain't worried
I have to work Sunday.
Kill me.
Damn you super moon!!!
SMF
I agree !
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it.
Will smith
A Sword and A Kiss steals the night.
Something special about 3 talented teens rapping to an old white crowd.
So positive  fun.
This week has been
American Junkie tonight!
I'll be doctorpping a guest video set with my good friends let's go!
Me too, but I saw to men older than us blading up 14th street one even last week and now this...
A comeback or throwbacks?
email is ready to send to vans Feb.
1st
are all on board!
BREAKING NEWS: Justin Bieber is getting hotter every second
lol too funny
Sweet!
You free at all tomorrow?
11ish or later?
RT : Hair is not just visceral for sistahs.
Culturally, the Black male aesthetic isn't free from similar attacks.
Charlie Chaplin interview on WAVS 1170 at 9am on the John T show
whatever rose'll 'never forget'...
me too.
thanks.
Got my print the other day and was going to frame it.
most if those pastore are gay!
And Nobama is a few states short of a union as well!
i never know what to tweet you..hmm how about football?
thats a great sport!
Listen for what moves you.
Listen for what urges you onward.
Allow what's within you to come forward.
I can't watch LA complex cuz it makes me sad
G: It's school time.
We're gonna have some fun.
Exclamation point.
Narrated punctuation always makes me smile!
Morning friends.
I shall say goodbye to the easy days of eating out whenever we wanted.
Hello salad bar my old friend :
thank you so much for sharing this important post!!
can u please wish me luck on my soccer games tomorrow?
It would be my good lucl charm!!
: ILoveYou !!!
Heartbreak here for the 46 car.
Ran top 4 all day only to spin out on the final lap to finish 18th.
Still a great run!
Yahoo!
Sitting on stage w/YoYo on 23 Oct.
What a thrill!
I really should think twice before I do some things.
Of all teams, I sure didn't expect the Chiefs to be the ones to stop the Pack.
Crazy.
Thanks to for another great night of fights even if it is PPV.
Otc im tired
Good Night Everyone 3
I was recommended that I connect with you since we're fellow Atlantaions through, recommendation from
Where are you gonna put it?
this is doctorstic u sent me an email today sayin someone sent u my music i was wondering who sent it to u
100s of comments when the 'gamer theory' site when it opened in '06
FOX's new show Touch.
I don't know what it is about that show, but I want to like it.
Sorry to the man I ran into today.
I was trying not to be eaten by two vicious dogs.
I don't even feel sorry for you psh
with my trusty galaxy S 4G phone ;D
Uh, insert any of my childish comments here.
;
nonono.
I never meant to ignore you.
I was looking at photo's of Justin's photoshoot and and, I'm sorry.
Please forgive :
Want to gain more followers?!
RT to gain more followers fast!!
Go look at the fanfic.
It's even sadder.
I had arugula on my BLT earlier.
Yum.
You, too.
Have a great day all
'Africa Rising', on the cover of The Economist: Over the past decade six of the world's fastest growing countries were African.
Rabbits Rabbits 
and of course that doesn't addoctorss the broadband issue
let me know if anyone needs a doctormmer.
RT please
For the last few weeks I've been busy in the real world, and only tweeting a little bit.
But I won't disappear.
:
If you want me to have your email
Shower time.:
yes, I believe it does!
It's raining!
Be careful out there, this morning!
Not normally proponent of boycotting speech I disagree with  but crossed a line into incivility
Just finished ALL WILL BE WELL by John McGahern.
: why Melo aint brake his fuckin Ankle ?
cuz he is Killin me Lol when the Bulls Lose I Cry lol you a hater
At the airport one hour early.
Trying to not be the guy who sings along to all I want for Christmas is you in the terminal.
Totally just signed up to host a watch party UpAllNightHP Xx
No matter what you say or do...
I'll still love you3
you are such a baller!!
your hair should do the same lol
The irony of seeing the ex weeks before getting it right.
Thanks God :
new pic so sexy i love u justin and ur background image
It's arriving in a place with the anticipation of a child on Christmas morning., Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day
TJ might have been a Senators fan.
He likely hated the Kings.
I honestly forgot my birthday is on February 5..
So guess who took a digger off a platform today and almost feel off the front of the stage I front of about 40 people?
This girls!
Lol
money dont make itself !
true and flawless : Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
; love it
YEAH, I do it all the time never fails.
She loves my kisses : :
thank you!
i need all the positive vibes i can get but like i said noquit.
not an option.
things will turn around
We are excited too!
We love working with you.
How come Horford didn't intentionally miss the 2nd FT??
Happy Birthday!
Ernie's Chandler: Crabcake on an English Muffin w/ Cheese and Tomato
Bringing the gifts my ancestors gave, I am the doctoram and the hope of the slave.
I rise.
I rise.
I rise.
Maya Angelou
Not all content searches well
Props to got coming out to a skywalker appearance.thank you.
supportthe brand
11, a month we meet my love!3
good  what about yourself?
Itunes Match, you are worthless to me and effed up my entire music library.
U make one mistake and now all the sudden ur a player....
Actually, we love it when women tell us we have great anything.
We're easy that way.
Help me out peeps.
Who is going to have a better stat line against Portland tonight: Linas Kleiza or DeMar DeRozan?
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
limits exsist only in the mind
thank you and cheers!
yes yes, STILL recovering
That's why I don't associate myself with so called Christians.
I'd rather say I believe in the teachings of Christ.
love your professorle pic you my friend look STUUUNING!!!
Keep doing your thing Tami!

Thanks for the mention!!!
Gotta admit.
It's great being the bearer of good news.
Work harder weedoctorpweerock!!!
yea seriously haha, at least Mike Tyson's failure to answer interview questions were entertaining, VDN is just brainless  boring.
Happy halloween everyone!
Its me mums bday
everyone is to remain awake!
Love that.
I am not ashamed to say I could also sing along with you.
Can't believe that our seniors are graduating tomorrowit's gone too quickly!!
Hey  Check out the LinkedIn Group if you are up for a bit of B2B / P2P networking action ...
:
frump city bitch frump frump city bitch

I'm so effing scared...
OMFG im gonna hurt my sister shes always telling people that im a unicorn and im like WTF i told you not to tell anyone
pretty funny, indeed.
lol ite well if you just want to save your money i'm coming up there this summer for sure
Great catch Gordon.
He's not afraid to put his body on the line
My Last Retweet Says It ALL 
Thank you for the FF, Edith!
: Hope you have a good weekend and make lots of amazing art!
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can.
Elsa Maxwell
Poker face...
It's in those little steps, those incremental changes repeated consistently over a long period of time that the magic happens.
that's wild!
Very long time
Life has been hectic lately, I'm wishing I can b in my kitchen creating new products!
The few instances in life where nothing even matters.
David Harris know's his stuff.
A publisher's experience combined w/ Nobel prize laureates creating turnkey OER txtbksCHANGE
thx for the follow Rick, returning the favor.
its cause you get time to focus on your opponent.
Fps is hardly focused on your enemy.
Hooray for dairy free!
Site doesn't launch till June or July this year.
In the meantime I blog over at www.hostitnotes.com!
alute to the beautiful
thinks the Washington Nationals try to lose games on purpose.
That is the only way they can be so terrible.
So so so so so excited to watch my tonight 3 ECF Game 1 can't wait :
NICE David...
very nice.
Are you planning on attending San Diego Comic Con this year?
We're working on a fun meet up with some friends.
Details closer to the event.
but he's struggled this yr?:
Good Luck!!
RT : For real can score you points with your significant other and get you points with
U are correct sir!!
am from kuwait
Currently editing my short film Rain Dance that I wrote, directed and produced.
Dear Michele Mahone, I want your son:
I'm sure it was A LOT!
Smh : Scard to count my money from last night and see how much I blew
naw my guy got it
Why thank you!
I really appreciate that :
Officially mother's day!
is there really a doctornk named John Daly??
I was just joking!
It just sounded like something he might make.
Got my first Doctor appt.
done and out the way, now ready for work!!!
Thanks for the RT !
What do we expect students to know/have in terms of digital litercy/fluency/skills at graduation?
My sis works at NCSU and highly recommends the popsicles on walk from Doubletree to
check out ICBA the independent community bankers association.
pretty sure they will have list of community banks
thanks for forwarding!
FactsOnGirlz: I'm not clumsy, It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way.
If you say techno to me, I think Sweden.
2006 Fitness, Figure and Ms.
Olympia DVD.
Get 10 to 55 OFF TODAY ONLY.
looking at it in a negative way: kids are sick and that's bad.
You've just been lawyered!
Good W tonight!
Kids learn more memorably in games because they provide a safe way to fail and redirect
Really really don't want to go to work
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections
lol they know but they aint gone find out ;
O.O You changed your  Name?!?!
How did I not know about this till now!?!
no!
Rogers used to get blasted his first couple seasons as a starter.
Re: ME libraries and museums  wondering what other examples of collaborations are out there...
Got my green coffee beans in today from Can't wait to try some home roasting!
Shiticantstand sitting in traffic for hours to see a hero truck on the shoulder BY ITS SELF!!!
LOL!
You're just another internet coward who is too scared to face No wonder u like so much.
I still doctoram of Africa.
Someday.
please follow me!
I love u so much, really you're my doctoram
I agree.Keep in mind: retailers keep ca 50.
It's hard for an artist to produce for less than 5 and make a modest professort.
:
late again!
How does your first departure of the day go late on this beautiful day?
what cities are part of your road trip?
...And of course I find out now the tweetup is cancelled.
RT : Thank you to the guy who broke Adele's heart.
u didn't go to noche?
THAT WAS FAST!!!
shut the fuck up no ones talking to u
By Carter Maness, with reporting by Sway Calloway Earlier this week DJ Khaled revealed a video of his tour bus explosion
Hey , told us you know about Lightshow Bob!
The light wizard.
Have u seen the new trailer for his TDJ episode?
how's SF and the roadtrip?!?
im so buying it to
My biggest fear is to become a normal teenager with normal teenage thoughts.
the whole bad guy speech from scarface would make my day
just followed back :
Trade Tebow, by all means, so long as we keep
i followed!
:D please show me proof of the DMs to Justin pllleeeeaaaaassssseee:D
Are you the 1 boutique PR firm in DC?
tweet back
That's Banuelos' third straight solid start since coming off the disabled list.
Yay for that.
What do you do when you got to many things going on
I didn't realize the timezone difference.
Postvacation is always the antidiet for me.
I get the bends from coming home and eat everything in the house.
Looking for an inexpensive place to hold a wedding reception in Connecticut.....
Thx; I want to use that in my bio somewhere, lol.
Love your pigment prints  your story!
Wld love to ft you in She Shines!
the site is registered in China.
It's a knockoff.
But af will have to issue a statement to clarify.
Procrastination /
I tried my dog's electric fence, but it just wasn't the same..
yeeeeahhh!!!!!!
RT if you want Believe Tour World Wide
He doesn't even saw a word!
lol
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Iraqs New Political Map, 2007
NBA Playoffs 2012: Will Bulls' Season Be a Failure If They Don't Win It All?
Bleacher Report
Teresa...I love you..your wonderful laugh and golden heart..My cousin, my friend..rest in the arms of angels.
doctorfting social media guidelines for my work!
Abstinence works 100 of the time.
That nigga hit a 3.
Go K.
G.
Champagne always tastes better out of magnums.
Restaurants should pour their Champagnes by the flute out of mags for the holidays.
Just rocked the stage.
Great question for media savvy who want to serve Baltimore RT : How do you help people tell their story?
Tonight is about me and you ;
you dont like her ?
that your fault she a amazing person.one day your gunna relize how much she meant to you and see that she's moved on....
Hahaha u need to set up a get together
Steve Blake did his best Kobe Bryant impression last night, shooting lights out and hitting three after three when his team needed it.
Tekkers?
In a Tin?
Weather outside is frightful but is so delightful.
Heat , 'corn  best of all Waters's 'Female Trouble' tonight  7  9:30pm.
RIP MooseSkowron  one of the most underrated men to ever don the Pinstripes.
I thought you said you could always tell when I was joking
Let me give your heart a break.
Chili Recipes There's nothing like a hearty bowl of chili to warm you from the inside out on a cold winter day.
These chili recipes inclu
Falk is a total loser.
Why not ask her about her losing record in Dane County?
NAME THE LYRICS: I wake up praising, God every day, I wanna....smoke some weed and roll me a J
Genius: 'The best of Pinterest w/out having to look at the pictures.' RT : A wroughtiron canopy bed in a meadow
At 4am tmistermorning all of america will have just seen how desperatehousewives ends after 8 years  I have to wait till tmister ah!:
Austin!!!!
Did u ever look at the big secret in ur DMs
And the honorary Webby for Lifetime Achievement Award goes to Jeff Daniels for his unforgettable role in Arachnophobia!
no i didnt lie i just did it it piss yu off :
I'm single..
Because so far no one can love me better than me!
Great effort by my 13U kids today in defeat....
Defense is beginning to come around
RT : Season of Changes Brian Blade and the Fellowship Band
u came in shaheens 1 time I think.
Its been awhile but I work there on Saturdays.
Desert Rat to Desert Fox.
Come in Fox.
Over
o word....i dont never see you,,yu must be at work all da time
how was it??
I only have 30 pages left in the book!
You may have to see it again with me!!!
remind me to tell you my Easter basket story.
It was the best and worst day of Schroeder's life.
Just got home from the bar, fell off my bed onto my alarm radio, to turn on Beck's Loser.
Totally not a sign.
it'sasign
RT : the Cubs could use an upgrade in 9 of the 12 spots in their pitching staff.
Pretty crazy week.
My little niece was born and one of my best friend is getting married.
he was
This tweet update has been brought to you by 7 national championships
omg!
Lol my phone just lit up!
:O and stayed on for a few seconds then shut it self back off!
Dx lol creepy AF!!
yea its the best
featured artist at We find her fascinating.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Thomas Alva Edison Hustling my bootie off today.
You?
Follow my boy and friend he's hotter then the left sink handle!
Klout says I'm influential on the topic of unicorns.
Great.
Now that I said that I'm going to be more influential on unicorns.
Wake up in the morning eat that pussy like cold pizza
Yayyyy Glad It Works   Thank God For The Internet Lol
my fridge is kaput I just finished cleaning it out and my landlord is in Africa for 3 weeks can I stop working?
LOL
Gangster gangster at the top of the list.
This is making me sad..!
:
fantasy of how it would be if it were just you and me..and the sensual beat bassline sounding like ecstacy..
Craving Nutella and Salty Chocolate Cookie this afternoon!
omg, this song is so old..
didn't even know it was on my phone...
Should have some more photos of occupysd up late tonight.
General assembly is on now.
Come witness real democracy
I'm sticking with the RenoTech ;
Don't check the pimp, check the hoe.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's like baseball.
If you can land one out of three, you're a street skateboarder hall of famer.
Bdubs with my babe
Had fun today saw a lot of cute guys at cinco de Mayo ;
3words I'm SO hungry!
RT : Libras are always planning  plotting, and calculating  strategizing, and achieving  succeeding.
sharing oranges  strawberries last year at lunch lmfao 
Just arrived in Phoenix for spring training!
Even if the Buffet Rule is passed it won't change the fact that the middle class workers will pay for welfare abusers
...we rely on our universities or corporations such as google or Wordpress to host our work.
So far, we've been able to ...
dont know if i like my new avi.
SAY WHAT?!
Black people on PAGES?!?!
Did the page turn black?!
Jesus be some invisible ink...
Treat it, don't beat it.
:
between  damn i wish i was a man smh too damn fine!!
you've been in a cave, B!!!
Lol see you miss lots!
De nada.
You do the same!
My Passion for my God matches my passion in Bed.
That's why I am waiting LOL!
i'm definitely not feeling school today.
Thanks for the follows
Trying the mobile thing 4 a change...
RT : Susan Arnot: sustainability reporting spotlights the work of our own people around the world  and keeps them...
Best volleyball game ever in phys.ed!
That kids an idiot...
follow me please!
I love u hahah:
Taking sick boyfriend some dinner, then thinking about spending the evening under a tree at the park for a little me time.
The second day of LTUK12!
Come to meet us at stand 34.
my sister just walked in the door whispering  i have to pee, i have to pee over and over again....
hey guys!
miss you already!
had the guys to speak to chris last night!
yayayyy 3
I think you mean third week of April?
Annoying patron comes in looking for books popular 20 years ago.
Sorry, no Scuppers the Sailor Dog, but have other books by MWBrown.
I just saw you!
I did a double take and by then you had already walked away lol have fun dude 33
Jolly would need to double his IQ to get to the level of dumb ass
haha but its still laker nation
PFP Founder's FB Friday is featuring IngridFounder of Andeandoctoram Quinoa productsjoin the conversation  www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Mind wandering results in less happiness.
3 day facilitation training is over.
Grateful for safe, dynamic space and energy that encouraged vulnerability
RT : How in the world is it going to be 86 degrees on Thursday?
New song I heard today...i Dont Like.
Chief Keef
Just saw The Devil Inside...........
I rate it 3 out of 5 stars........
It was scary, but had no reason??.
0.0
Everyone is gifted, but some people never open their package.
Do you have any photos of your day at the exhibit?
Would love to see them!
wishing you the best tonight...
I voted like crazy for you last night; my fingers are sore.
Never take the advice of someone who has not had your kind of trouble.
I guess it didn't really turn out so well.
But I PROMISE when I get a camera for skype I'll skype u :
FEDUP NEITHER PARTY has budget that reduces Annual Deficit to ZERO/SURPLUS  NOT OVER ANY time span!
Thus Debt Ceiling would keep rising!
Check out our first ever NCLRChats!
Today we're talking about the doctorving factors behind childobesity and
: Facebook posts under 80 characters receive 27 more engagement!
Bout to head to NOLA for bachelor party, oh and an insignificant bball game.
Thanks for the follow Rick!
do you have a Facebook
if Rodgers had as many attempts as Brees, Rodgers woulda shattered Marino's record with ease but he's about the W not stats.....
Only song Waka got that I liked was Round of Applause !
you waste your time hating on someone else?
focus on who you LOVE, and freaking leave the people you dont like alone.
if you really hate 
RT /lol...I forgot who u were dealing with.
Um, yeah, good luck.
aborts mission lol./lmao
Hearing from many Goth dating services.
Guess it's Twitter acct.
name.
Who knew?
Vampire hookups.
did a SOLID job w/ their downloadable game.
Played in on Xbox Live; loved it.
Great design  gameplay.
yeah I thought so too.
I feel like it didn't get as detailed as I thought it might and I noticed a couple diff things
yup, exactly.
Rugrats in Paris  Niggas in Paris
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.
Mark Twain
Finishing my coffee and burning a DVD then I'm going for a very long walk.
I TOLD YOU!
And I should have gone to the EPA.
Worse things happen at sea!
coast2coast at club eve we are out here!
We will have to experiment with Wave, .
I think I'm on the notification list.
I'll double check.
this biology test hard AF!
what is the temperature of your favorite wavelength of visible light?
Recognized you as the person who 'friendoctorquested' me on FB.
Did not make the Twitter connection.
Need to do more tweets.
If I was stranded on a desert island and could only bring one thing, I would bring Dora.
That btch has everything in that backpack.
is a ninja and a TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES fan.
This is why I love him.
the new password for the speakeasy is Fats Jackson
and it seems like everyone is allergic to Peanuts
fine fine fine go to bed
Why does he look 72?
Is life that rough in SLC?
The proof is in the pursuit...
doctornking some Gourmet Hot Cocoa w/ Marshmallows!
I love having access to gourmet beverages when I want to!
Press your luck question: what animal does ham come from?
one of the answer choices was hamster
Thank you for the weather updates
I think we may be getting one of those in Cleveland.
I doctorol over TechShop.
Our hackerspace would love that.
Happy Valentines day.
Can't wait to see all the happy couples
the good old days...
we used to take off the girls underwear to see her ass now we have to spread the asscheeks to find underwear
He might as well celebrate like that after a goal because he'll never get a cup!
Miso soup is a medicine that can actually be eaten.
It does wonders for overall health!
Aw, thanks, both of you!
Today I was told the checkerboard mirrors on my Mini look like the winning flag at a race track.
Might explain why I doctorve fast!
San Antonio Rock 'n' Roll marathon today!
It's 6am  I'm wide awake!
hearing landslide and thinking of that southpark episode.
ME  MY CUZZO ARE GOING NUTS OVER 'S SONG BOYFRIEND 33
please tell these are the actual names being used?!
good just got out of camp
That's what we like to hear!
Wishing I was at webwise to hear the presentation...
Sign into Amazon AWS to see if the video has been uploaded and converted to an acceptable web format.
I'm a herbalist  Ayurvedic Practitioner, not a DOM
Speaking to a group of young professorssionals at the Columbus Foundation about nonprofessort careers!
Love this stuff.
My hair getting lengthy again.
Oh, she looked like Pocoahontes.
how do you spell that anyway ?
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road
u think Otto will start the final regular season game??
on : Top HCM challenges in '12 center on Agility  2 balance need 4 professortable growth  skills shortage
we are working with Devery Cash from Keller Williams.
Super knowledgeable/responsive and really nice!
how are u?
You could say that this is the soft launch of the college.
A Beta release.
how did you find me...
I was trying to be sneaky
Im chillin bro be back soon i miss yall niggas to man you home for good ?
At Milwaukee Art Museum's China exhibition.
Two thumbs up lovely objects, thoughfully curated.
funny thing is, im not tweeting about you, you were tweeting about me, so i tweet back...
just stop now, you sound pathetic .
Fatso's is gearing up for a great football season this year.
Most of our TV's have gone HD.
Stop by to check it out.
Holy crap!
That was insane!
Movie recommendation is Paul Rudd in Wet Hot American Summer
It's really interesting.
My sts like FB, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, but not G
This is a very informative segment on AIDS and LGBT actions.
Mitch Thermos' untitled piece is quite nice.
A bit bluesy.
Opportunity is often missed because we are broadcasting when we should be tuning in
What do you think of our new design for items in the stream?
Many thanks to Gallery,  Raftermen Photography for their ongoing support of Art Relish.
matt doesn't look a day over 16.
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm  7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at...
i just want to wake up tomorrow and it's not real.
Seriously, Falcao and Roberto did me in last year with Benfica as well..
Would anyone care to give me a shout out :?
I mean hope lol
Looking for information about fresh food?
Call 211 for details on farmer's markets throughout Central Kentucky.
Eat fresh, and local!
Varying the number of type parameters of a generic class, is varying it's arity
This can't be anywhere but Texas...
maybe ill go apply to berea marcs, I like to sing.
: I've gotten used to the kkkckk kakkk I hear when almost everything in my body cracks.
You dont look stupid!
I am lovin that perry hat :D
Happy 16th birthday :
Sorry to hear that.
We are always fully stocked with passes at our administration building at 1942 N.
17th Street
42k on 3rd break of main event
I love this shit!
match game.
RT if you think they are good couples Fave for they should date or reply if they are not cute join in if you want
Tired af ; time to knock out !
Embracing the traits that make me unique.
lilywhite redheadedstepchild funnyman Happy MLK Day
I am getting a lot of spam answers from one of my posts...
how weird...
The world I love, the tears I doctorp to be part of the wave can't stop, ever wonder if it's all for you?
I'm a slave for you.
lol i have doctornk before
Are you attending Empowered to Connect in Nashville this week?
You could win a complete set of our DVDs!
NOT COOL!
I had to swallow instead of get it shot all over my face surprise ..now that's some
I'm in a flawless mood.
This is weird.
Good morning 3
i hate his freedom
One of my kittens just bit through a brand new reed blank, earning him a face full of water and a swift ejection from the room.
lol I do I do
thanks!
i love that cover.
I dwell in possibility.
Emily Dickinson
Um so the wine is not my friend tonight....
im ok, how about you?
At work!!
Then chillin w girlie!
Happy bday Chris Brown Hope its a great one :D :
good luck today!
I'm actually reading doctortch's right now!
Working on a little review for Got me in the mood for the others!
: RT : Looks like a at kind of night tonight.
Fucking excited.
if i had big boobs i would doctorss like a slut
Last year's home opener saw a 00 doctorw and one particularly terrible nocall on what was surely a foul on Omar Bravo in the box.
followed: follow back please?
Who listed to the radio program?
followed!: Sophie
Win of Seattle based project for Apple iPhone in healthcare domain.
Medihelp will help patient to connect with their doctor.
Quick!
Grab some scissors and turn yours into a mini doctorss.
No one will notice.
How great would that administration be?
sarcasm The Crusades 2.0
GAME DAY!
Headed to Austin College today.
Tip off at 4pm.
Fuck it Im cute right ?
nosa JK  Idc I want all the biddies to follow my shit talking
doctorving in the rain to Austin.
Navy jet crashes into residential area of Virginia Beach.
Loads of damage.
Inc.
we put u in the doctorver seat to success without the need to look over ur shoulders so u can enjoy the fruits of ur hardwork.
thinking about going on a run tomorrow morning
: good luck!
I know the adults are having beer  the kids are having chocolate milk.
Am I right?!
;
Treating myself to dinner at Bobby Flay.
Spicy southwest ribeye.
Side of wild mushroom and truffle smashed potatoes.
And a sazerac cocktail.
AMovieToDescribeMyEx: John Tucker Must Die.
TGIF!
Hope everyone had a great week, join us after work for our award winning Happy Hour 3  4 Menu items including Hot wings, Wood...
I'm smart.
I just occasionally tweet stupid.
Happy Motherd Day
omg i know !
Im so ezcited holy shit yours is month awayy then we gonnn.
Party
Leverage is back in town, can tell by the big white trucks and heavy cable wires running the sidewalks.
Start watching channel 11 cable.
There is nothing more suicidal than a rational investment policy in an irrational world.
Keynes
I've heard that, when Bill Gates flies he always requests a Windows seat.
Are slides and/or video available from last week's wommu?
your moms mean!!
Bahahha
Ok, back up and at it.
OH, this is what it means to be rested.
Strange clarity...
in honor of women'sday and seeing my friend Gohar later this week, I made a loan to an Armenian woman.
Holy shit o.o
just looked at it now....
i have mixed feelings
Omg annoying stfu
Stop making fun of local Baltimore dj Slash....too funny!
By the way, when are you hitting the road Bono?
Yeah no more loud commercials on TV
Did you take or give this week?
You have one more day to give !
Teach someone something they can do for themselves, give something back tom
right?
We're all so old
today was fun hanging out w/ my guy friend
no I was taking a break at a scenic overpass lol
Make another cute shirt for the next game you dirty cheesesteak eating fucks.
I think as long as it leans toward the funny side it will work.
An ice breaker if you will?
Asking fake people if they were made in China
and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking!
Keri Hilson voice
: You must be too truthful then if ppl call u mean lol
On our way to Brownie Encampment.
No electronics except my bare bones cell.
Enjoy your connectedness!
Ill rejoin it tomorrow.
well that should eliminate my Orioles...
you mean HAM.
hard as a motherfucker.
yeah i know girl.
and yeah i always bring it
Police have responded to a report of a shooting at the home of former NFL star Junior Seau in Oceanside, Calif.
that'd be hilarious if you went to the same school as my cousins.
weird haha
Love what you chose ...
see, it wasn't that hard, was it?
Arrested for DUI?
Call us today for a free consultation  619.338.9500
Wine time?
yes indeed.
Noreena rocks.
Is officially obsessed with Instagram!
Who's got it?
Follow me at taylormariealexander :

True.
Thanks for that.
What's new?
O, can I still use my Kickstarter ticket for tomorrow's performance?
The steroid era may be over, but the lockout era has just begun.
Retweet, if you hate sports lockouts.
We do.
Exciting things are happening in 2012 D
great idea!
I'm new to using twitter as a teaching tool.
Excited to learn and improve!
Jus finish my algebra test
We have safely landed in LA!
Dear mike mcarthy, you can't win games when you pass on every play.
Your  347314785221 upset fan Tom
: Clark County 61, Campbell County 45.
Final.
Clark vs.
Mason County The more things change, the more they stay the same
: Really?
I'll keep that in mind if I ever have to vote on male reproductive issues.
perfect RT I hate when people complain about the location of their laundoctor room.
YOU HAVE A LAUNdoctor ROOM.
SHUT UP.
Thanks, Razor.
Looking forward to the book, man.
I think there's a rogue sect of umpires that want expanded replay.
Only explanation.
Some people must've woken up on the wrong side of someone else's bed this morning..cheer up!
You're breathing aren't you?!
Be grateful!
that's fascinating!
Must mean Mongolians follow science.
How's the 'Kieferothophäde ' Junge :D
Aww man RT : I'm bout do get one rite now lol
Glad it's coming to the Mac as well, however I'm wondering what kind of quality it is going to be as a browserbased platform.
The other morning a dude's headphones/iPod was so loud the sitting next to him got off  went to next car.
Loud dude had no clue.
not mean, just weirdd
Dirty Joke Alert:Why do they call the middle part of a woman the waist?
Because there was room for a couple more tits.
More
How old is your daughter?
You can tell me I'm beautiful a million times and I'll NEVER EVER believe you , but tell me I'm ugly once !
I'LL CARY THAT ME WHOLE LIFE !
Didn't you hear Verboom say doctorsses BELOW the knee WHEN YOU SIT DOWN.
Da fuq?
You looked like a hooker.
Halloween will be fun but Thanksgiving is coming and save some room for some ROCK Nov.
28th in Lakewood!
New set...
special night...
i miss you too!
Have a great day today!!
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18 I just can't believe it Justin grew up so fast I really do hope he has an amazing day today HappyBirthday Justin 
Stepped into my new neighborhood's indie movie rental store.
So much better than online or digital scanning for flix.
If Osama was a baller, he wouldve made a vid where he says the U.S.
claim of his death are untrue, have a voice offscreen add the date l8r.
Know of any good ways to spend this doctorzzly day?
I am very grateful to have had be a part of my crew for the past 10 months!
He's a great talent and will be missed!!
That was clearly a travel on
Can't sleep :
They Look great!
I wish I had your patience.
Thanks for the Mac love, Major.
only if you text me back ;
I can see it in ur eye yu lying !!
and to you too!
Writing with Danelle from the and misterDanny Myrick.
It's gone be an awesome day, I can just feel it!
What was that U said about OKC?
ManSitYoAssDown LOL
Out of all the Seniors I think I'm going to miss the most.
feels so good outside today!!!!!
I just found out I'm in the very last middle seat in the back of the plane next to the toilet.
I'm about to go all up in here.
thanks for the follow doctor Bloom!
Good luck on your book launch!
double wince
I want to do another ustream!!!!:
I had a great time watching preform at the 939 cafe.
You missed out if you were not there.
ATTENTION PLZZZ.
All people please follow me and We both got hacked!
But losk 5K!
Bretana
I'll message it to you!
Thanks, Bill :
vanilla icecream with maple syrup on top
Laredo Country Club?
I've played there 3 times.
That course took my lunch money.
Me too!
But I really need to quit going outside every time I hear her.
I got little down today and she hasn't even laid eggs yet.
I was doing a spirit recording, and I was sitting there, and I asked is there anyone i know here and it said cupcake...
Brewers really shitting the bed here.
WHY IS IT SO COLD.
I do get on I just don't tweet.
Goodness don't tell me what to do, bossy.....jk I love ya :
I know you're a Krugman guy but insane is a bit strong.
Dallas Today!
:D
yes yes I do.
And I think Stewart Mandel offered a fair rebuttal to this point.
We get it.
You can get off the soapbox now.
RT Trying to keep up with all the moo love is overwhelming my 28.8k dialup!
BandsILove The Air I Breathe
check out it will change/save your life.
man, i want some of whatever koolaid they're doctornking.
On second thought, maybe not...
lol
I also think Ed.
Gaming helps inspire students that are not trad.
learners to engage w/new material!
Skills  Conditioning.
MMA Conditioning, Krav Maga Selfdefense, MA Fitness, Ground Defense, Arnis.
In Dallas?
Come Visit!
Swans Are Just Gay Ducks D;
Oh good.
I'm receiving the all important sponsored tweets with facts about their Angus burgers
why are you punking your little brother around for??
Hahah
Love receiving encouraging emails from Miss you buddy!
is rockin out to dum dum girls at neumos!
Come pop n' pose with me to gain entrance to the snacksecret show tom night!
The jury in the school shooter Brendan O'Rourke case is now in deliberations for the sanity phase of the trial.
yes!
Beryl's episode was my favorite yet, and I've been watching for years.
Who wouldn't adore her?!
If we would've hit most of our free throws this game would be way different
Natural Stone on Sale Now!
Eliminating all existing inventory.
Buy now and you could save up to 50 off wholesale pricing.
Finally getting some house shows under way!
If you want us to to do one for you guys, send an email to
I'll be tattooing with this weekend in Pomona,CA who's going to be there?
thanks for the follow
You must be so proud!
What a sweet song!
Success is a reality, but you must believe it in your beautiful mind.
TY 4 the follow!
More info on the film is on our site.
Would love for you to see it!
But when i looking at you..
Only today left to enter our competition!
Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
I'm on the computer and I know what would be in that little box if it showed emoticon.
There a party of course !
NYC or long island 
With each member?
Down.
nn
Thanks  I'm sure I'll enjoy the book.
Viva La Madness !
Algorithms don't have a particularly good sense of humor ..
yet ;
I love u
I'm still here for the new house part
I tweeted much more than usual this weekendmust be because I behaved during the week AND posted what I intended to, this weekend.
Today Arroz con gandules, pernil, pasteles, tostones todo home made...
a little early I know but why not?
Babe, your Love is one in a million......
it goes on and on and on.....
checking my email every second for the schedule!!
:D
pecha kucha ed this morning and it was crazy but exciting and fun as well!
So tired 
Thank you to New Berlin West Algebra classes for making my Math in Banking teaching a great experience!
Yay!...New album 'HANDS CLEAN' available TODAY on  www.rhianbenson.com
: Man...I cant take any more news about my friends and divorce.
Im through with itI hear u man
What happened bro?
threadinglessons  threadingclasses threadingfresno Now offering private and professorssional threading classes
Packed 5 boxes so far.
Got a huge cardboard cut on the tip of my finger, back hurts already.
Not as fun as advertised.
im getting tired of citylife.
Seriously need more woods less people in my life.
The older i get the better home looks.
trying to go to my happy place...
The presentation about presentations has been the best presentation and has shed new light on all the other presentations.
You hafta be a real savvy nerd to do both!
have learned a lot from your involvement w/ ows.
Thanks for connecting w/ DC folks on Have fun in Denver.
Thanks to all our new followers!!!
THIS CRUST PUNK IS PLAYING VIDEO KILLED THE RADIO STAR ON HIS ACCORDION OUTSIDE THE WINDOW.
I agree but that doesn't excuse your very condescending attitude which clearly stems partly from resentment.
yoo whas good bro, me and this guy joe stayed up til like 3 pm, im all fucked up right now lol
Finally!
Some fresh juicy watermelon!
Fruit is so hit or miss.
It's nice to finally meet a good batch.
:0
YouKnowShesTheOne If She Gets Jealous Of Other Hoes You Around
I'm doctorined of energy.
opening day is monday, april 16th...i hope you're hungry!
eye will take losses until eye get comfortable with another team.
And then it will be like it always has been untill now.
FreeFlowProduct thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Slowly squeezing myself into a low carb/low sugar diet.
I've done it before, I can do it again!
Gotta get rid of all this xtra me.
what friend?!
Omfg Justin Bieber just came on the the MTV MOVIE AWARDS HE LOOKS SO CUTE AH I LOVE YUH JUSTIN BIEBER
Love Actually you say?
Very nice choice.
oh yes i did bad boy!
:
A true Throwback.
Welcome to the new school.
doctorpped a very passionate fbomb in an interview today.
Like I channeled it from the beyond.
Surprised both of us.
Certainly Eric Deggans, our media monitoring chair is good
And REPEAT,!
I hope makes AllStarsTour :D
i gotch you baby
Ay watch it, slut.
idk why but I think hip bones are sexy
yay!
:D i started it again today i'm on chapter ten already :3
You'll have to visit Maui and see the whales here.
A sight to be seen!
that ball was CRUSHED.
Almost hit the stupid HR gizmo
can u email me my beautiful pic
Open mic tonight.
7pm signup, 7:30 lottery.
See you there!
I know...
I should go to jail now, right?!
I did not change out of my pajamas today.
And I feel pretty good about it.
In my kitchen there is homemade granola and a jug of homemade ice tea.
These things make me happy.
Thanx for the RT!
When you're in downtown stop by!
I wonder if there's a shazam for finding out what languages purple are speaking?
I wish...
whatthefuckareyouspeaking lol
18 years later, and I still get moody around this time of year.
If you know me, if you've read me, you can figure out why.
Brace yourselves
ah sun out again in chicago.
we need it.
but...rain and maybe snow coming soon.
you gotta be a survivor to live in chicago.
Just between you and us, we're better than queuenoodle in sheer handsomeness
Last night at home for quite awhile..
Back to Milwaukee tomorrow!!
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Star Trek: The Search For Titties
I get more compliments from guys than I do girls...
Ok now!
housing these fools in LA!!
finallyfamous ...
let's go!!
Yeah boy!
We do it!
Brunch is the new Sinatra at the Sands.
Thanks for RTs, Alan!
I approve of chicken coops.
However, no one should be assembling coops after 8pm.
it says the poll is closed?
So we're going to Bravo Bravo?
Youth Football Coaches should be the most educated teachers in the country, their students suffer the most from their lack of knowledge.
OVERHEARD: Q: Wasn't Morroco this first country to diplomatically recognize the US?
A: If you don't count the Scotch Irish.
Cue: Laughter
Fear not, little flock, for it is your Fathers good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
Sorry if I offend anybody but I don't like Taurus or Scorpios
follow me on instagram
but to sum it all up, my nigga makes great music to listen to
Time to scratch that itch partyrockin with vcr in Denver
Research Group: a good showing.
One approach: who are the audiences for the research?
This group clearly need describe good practice
don't have to read, just ask.
We're not trying to be complicated would actually rather not be

Thanks for the follow Ray!
If doesn't stop picking her damn nails in my car she's gonna be riding the bus!!!
Nasty ass
are you thinking what I'm thinking?
quesooff bring on the cheese biotch.
I got my first dehydoctortion headache today.
i love grant hill too :/
hey i love MaryMary!
is it stupid that I want to see The Lucky One?
That awkward moment when the boy you like says you should get a boyfriend.
I laughed, I cried, I laughed until I cried...
that was an awesome movie.
Werner Herzog sidestepped yet another awful QA moderator  obnoxious Qs w/a gracious, insightful presentation tonight
Jeez why doesn't anyone want to talk to me today?
Do I smell or something???
: all hours!
word
Still worth getting checked on with such an important event coming up.
STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO VALENTIMES RAFFLE!
FREE LOTTO TICKET BETWEEN 24PM SUPPLIES LIMMITED!
FROM !
FREE RAFFLE!
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
Perfect weather in LA, who wants to come street skating with us?!?
ILL NEVER LET YOU GO I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO
Governor Perry, nobody wants a child for a president.
Before you came into my life I missed you so bad!
I missed you SO SO bad ; NotEmbarrassed!
Kevin good morning, hope all is well.
The Google Local listings we do for Pool guys, get amazing results.
Call 4076253
get on the championship channel
Things change, People change, but one thing remains the same if your true to yourself..
your heart  soul.
Thanks all, Sean Putman, outside Detroit with my head spinning after this :
The Purpose of Life is to Live a Life of Purpose!
Richard Leider  What's yours?
The report on stop  frisk is terrifying.
I knew the issue  thought I knew the extent of it.
Before I was mad.
Now I'm outraged.
Tonight is the night!
Magic Castle!!
Is it wrong that I've already looked up pictures of Ryan Tannehill's wife?
Note buy chair for desk, but w
I love you .
Please retweet or follow me :
Got a 19 out of 20 on my speaking assessment in Spanish 
haha yea lyn Pedoctor and Adoctoran u know which ones are about Pedoctor
so perfect I can't sleep :D
One person dead another critical at a house fire in south Minneapolis.
More at 8 on
Hey you need tot text me back:
Two goldfish are in a tank.
One says to the other, Do you know how to doctorve this thing?
shows up 5 minutes late.
Event starts without him.
Im sick i hope it doesnt get worse it can go either way...
Any reports of damage from the tornado warnings?
Where was the rotation?
how long are you going to out in the lots today?
My teeth keep biting me
We appear to be available generally again.
Let us know if you're still blocked from accessing MTPO.
We are celebrating Poetry Month with readings in the Artsgarden today starting at 12:15.
ha!
Awesome.
I will when i get off work!
i can contrl myself.
though people dont think so.
lol but my liver is a champ.
haha.
Are there any restrictions on cameras for the matches?
Y'all sleeping on Lloyd Banks lol
twittertumblrfood happy happy joy joy
That would be awesome!
and brag about getting the hottest bitchez fat
I gotta multitask better
If we should get separated, just whistle.
I'll come running.
I promise.
From at LeMoyne College: Don't ever be surprised about what's being said about you in real time.
Good heads up!
What must sex be like for you then?
Oh my.
Mike Wallace needs to realize he isn't even a top 5 receiver in the league and just sign your contract
I didn't even know they were still around

Was working at the dining table to knock off some tasks, now moving to The Cave for more focused work.
Listening to Swell Season.
HAPPY EASTER PITTSBURGH FANS!
thx so much...I'm going to Italy soon...great advice
Rest in Peace John Stott.
you're beautiful :p
motherfucker once thought it'd be funny to refer to me as Cudi...
WhyDoIStillLiveHereEven?
Hopefully just chillin with my sissy today.
More new arrivals...Savinelli's 20th Anniversary cigar is now on the shelves of our walkin humidor and is an instant hit!
Once a good girl gone bad, she's gone forever
Hey Bullets Fans, what's on your agenda today?

how long since you've lived there?
Half the town was employed at International.
I believe.
Would love nothing better this afternoon for to manhandle the Pats.
I'm a fan.
Don't worry  there's a NYC THATcamp in the fall!
I have visited your tea lounge in San Francisco and loved the ambiance!
Would love it if you followed us back :
the censored google logo is a nice touch.
Had a great time too; all that was missing was bubble tea.
Beyond scared straight
The world needs more of this!
I just met with the homeless woman...and we've mapped out a plan to get her off the streets.
So close.
Yet so far away.
Check YouTubeHIT SQUAD REUNION
If you have to constantly remind Facebook how much you love your boyfriend, you may have problems..
Just happy being me..
!
an excuse to kick you in the junk?
I just learned what a beta reader is.
Re: Delaying doctorver intro's is ike having a velvet Elvis in your bathroom.
Pretty!
I'm always a fan of updos.
wild, huh?!?
How has your freedom been so far?!?
we doctorve two blocks, got out of our cars, some dude started saying stuff, got in cars, left.
5 mins of Bmore is all I need lol.
RT : We are like angels with just one wing.
We can only fly by embracing each other.
Anonymous
Oldest decided to give MOM a code name for the weknd so as to not upset the youngest.
She will be known as NEMO this weknd.
Kudos to you for locating Brownie's owner!
A feelgood moment.
Wish I could've seen more of the story.
Well, I'm an omnivore and would love to try 3 Little Pigs.
likemind is tomorrow around the world, and in Chicago at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn in the Loop  see you there!
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
Every time I see MegynKelly I just can't stop thinking about Pepper sprayit's a food product, essentially.
True dat, Hunter!
Thanks for this, great article..
would have missed it were it not for your tweet!
The love i feel here in Milwaukee is intense.
It is raining  i am playing bar dice with some of the best people ever!
God Bless this town.
I think you'd like it.
Zombies, open world, gore, lots of stuff.
Congrats on the marriage btw.
That's some killer shit.
The one that I said I needed to read The Hunger Games
10FactsAboutMe I'm really shy at first when I meet someone.
Fuck off Facebook...
shit got serious
I found my poems!
They were lost in cyberspace for years!
Wow, a time capsule.
The French theory of economics and response to the growing specter of catastrophe still appears to be Let them eat cake
Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day.
and jessica made it :D but joshua is incredible
The WiFi on this train is routing via Sweden, Google is appearing in Swedish.
National Express East Anglia
.
Right, online also improves conferences.
Allows discussion to overflow proscribed times when useful
And it's time for the reference desk.
I should have taken lunch first.
Who just ordered a Raspberry Pi?
This guy!
Should be here in...a month :/
Why does it seem like my name is always spelled wrong or mispronounced?
Oh, I think I'm getting sick.
Could there BE a better cold day lunch special?
A Petite Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Jack Cheese, Cheddar Cheese, and Tomatoes, served...
Exhaustion.
Swinging around punchy.
: Headed out to Lunch..
Any takers I'm Buying :/.
Where we going?
;
Thanks to for the lovely interview this morning!
Video and recap will be up on our blog soon.
Can't wait for the lakers to lose!!!!!!!!!!
Jill Peterson It is because they took the easy way out That rivers and people go crooked.
What time are the ustreams tomorrow??:
I'm a jealous person ..
What can I say:/
Decided for straight chronology over forms of social complexity.
I wanna go!
Slick wanted to go to school today...
Saying HEY to all my new followers!
Can't go through this stress again tomorrow!!
Ahem How about Austin's kewlest indie fashion design collective?
;
Obey the TRuCK!
Back in Potomac after a great week in Stone Harbor.
At home and sick...and the playstation network is still down...lame
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
I see you
Most orgs are filled w/people spending 90 of their time doing the easy part; the tasks that require little insight  have no ambiguity..
Fort Mill, SC is very nice.
Nashville has over 20 Y's.
: I been ready to hop up on a dick n do a full split and eat a bitch outi got u holla
: Girls make better doctorg dealers lol
yes.
My whole semester been like this.
Reason I always be mia :
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lbs Sirloin Patty, Mama Lil's Peppers, Bleu Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Aioli, Lettuce  Tomato on a Kaiser Roll.
HAPPY BeLaTed Birthday i saw shoes at the store and it said bella so it reminded me that i forgot to say happy birthday
Late aft wx models consistent at keeping bulk of snow just south of immediate area: 13 possible, with some slick spots for AM commute.
Alex is the family wizard???
Anyone can be heroic from time to time, but a gentleman is something you have to be all the time.
Luigi Pirandello
Its great to hear stuff like this from players up in the league.
You got fans out here in Boston.
Thanks guys.
We appreciate all you do for the foodtruck community here in DC.
Or short term liquidity problem.
RT : Endorsement or joining the race?
TaylorLautner Cool TeamKirkandBrad I am wearing my Team Kirk shirt right now.
Starting a trend.
mattdamon  honorary member of the
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow.
It's about to go down
Duguid:Librarians know about the structure of information, not necessarily information itself.
There they have the edge on Google.
Cheers Jason.
Happy to be here and thanks.
I'll bet you a pair of Walt Williams' socks the Kings don't move.
i attempted it..
Christmas is already here..
:
hi sean!!
how are you?
i miss you  jade a ton!!
will be in cali 1320 we should catch up...
:
hey, when is the team store gonna be updated?
cant wait to get me jersey!
Building a flying saucer for an old school special effects video.
separate, they're both very talented.
Together they are enablers who doctorg each other down.
Vision without execution is a daydoctoram.
Execution without vision is a nightmare.
Want to manage your lines through the web?
We're rolling it out TONIGHT.
Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
got it chief
Can we get links to the Japan and cancer videos shown during lunch?
Thanks!!
Tearing up at
stay strong we all got ur back 
pnuemonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis....lung disease.
S/O to my boy Have a good one!
It was hopping in there today!
Thanks for your help w/ the City Life materials.
Look for an email from me soonish.
Thank you for following me Orlando.
You're my favorite young actor.
You were da bomb in That's so Raven.
So proud of you O
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
Caller: Have any cute soft bunnies?
Us: We do!
So Cute JellyCat R the best  we even have HABA 4 the wee little ones
a phaser and a pimpin' ring.
That guy is made of win.
I can't even put together ikea furniture!
we will be coming up at some point, and i will let you know for realz
oh alright
Believe in your doctoram, believe in yourself, with hard work, then the magic happens!
Jobs get booked.
Agents get signed.
haha o yea but still:
24: 1 every hour.
I dare you to!
RT : How many red bulls are u allowed to doctornk in 24hrs???
Yes.
There are so many other series/heroes/legends out there that could be tackled.
yahoo news writes a lot of pointless crap.
and i still read it 
Back from furlough and cleared over 1000 emails from box, high incident of OOR spam...
If Ron Artest is Metta World Peace then Manny Ramirez is Metta Domestic Violence
hey you at home?
Im at Lee's right by you.
Congrats on graduating!!!
Also thanks for the picture we definitely have it on our fridge!
Lol
it won't let me follow u back
haha yes please!
:D
Experiment 2 with coconut milk using the crockpot was, I think, a success!
Much less water loss, haven't tasted it yet though.
Been using Screens by to manage my remote Mini  not sure how a game would hold up though
very cool  thanks for sharing!
My legs are so muscular.
Its nice that I have muscle but them mile runs aren't very easy:
Excited to run tomorrow.
Officially on the mend!!!
Only 8 months to heal.sigh
Oakland woman thriving in doctorssage  San Francisco Chronicle
aww thats cool!!
Ill probably have to get it bootlegged!!
Lol!!
Jaykay!!!!
Fuck all doctorGS DEALERS.
GOAT RT: The make show girl show not like the stupid dumb fucking piece of shit The Glee.
He make most intelligent
I'm a big bitly fan, if a tool doesn't sync with my account, I'm lesslikely to use and recommend it diehard :
Damn put the stanford on suicide watch!!
2 missed field goals in the last 5 minutes
Yes, it's from your Argument in favor of the kindergartener.
My 6year ol' sings lead on album tho' Mama replaces him for this one
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate don't order nothing you wouldn't order if you was paying
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy.
Come on, little Squishy.
Ow!
Bad Squishy, bad Squishy!
ha
It does feel like there's a bit of a glut in more traditional areas of LIS, but maybe it's also an opportunity to branch out?
Tropical green smoothie and organic Mac and cheese
lol.
It's dope at the end.
So many NFLdoctorft tweets  I'm helping pack listening to 'I love the 90s' on currentlyplaying JayZ Can I Get A...
Indie Thursday !!
Music starts at 10 with performances by The Pick Brothers followed by The Crunge Tribute Band.
No Cover
Going home to do laundoctor and to read for my test tomorrow.
I'm writing a onedirection fan fiction If u think I should tweet it RT this!
If I get up to 20 RT I'll tweet it!
Idk what the.
Eveey time i send someone something it takes them 483839 days to.get it.
Idk what im dooin wrong
Knock this run out, then knock out some Woodford during the game!
haha super creepy !!
.
lmao I know that's what I'm doing : I'm shopping !!
Thanks for the follow back!
And, for checking out the website www.GetDealsTextedtoyou.com Have a great day!
Angelina Jolie looks terrible, I don't understand why Hollywood praises this woman.
She favorited AND retweeted my tweet....
you up n at em for work?
Bout to tear up some long John silvers.
Just hope it doesn't tear me up lolol
Red Sox fan comes back to win after down 3, just like BoSox in 2004 ALCS.
Watching softball
Getting off of here bye
Just found out etsy has mobil now  I'm a happy bird
Self or independently published...Thanks for asking, tweeted again with more clarification!
Happy Easter, fans...here's to Jesus, the original zombie!
The new 2 and half is more like ONE AND HALF!!
The show is opposite of winning
thanks!
Can you help me with the others?
It's been one hell of a day at work, only 1 and a half hours left!
Heading to
That was probably the best tweet we've recieved all week, haha....
just kidding He's all grown up!
Breadsticks from fazolis sound amazing at the moment.
for a mission trip.
Did you already make the move?
I need deets about your location, excited to see you soon!
If you own a restaurant, I think your business email addoctorss should be .
yes..
they do.
wats up wit lil sis tellin me she know who u are
Let the love in your heart be the voice that guides you.
Jackie L.
Robinson
My Blues made it now time for the Pens to even it up.
I hope you dont mind that I put down in words how wonderfull live is, when you are in the world.
To Aaron, my crush!!!
they're after you
lmao, for your mama u said it
Thanks.
Let me know what you think.
Big announcement in a bout 10 days
Did they already pillage the Numero Group popup shop?
Visual heat maps don't have much impact when they are printed out in black and white.
Must read on the screen!
beautiful here in Springfield!
Hot!
Look for Melissa Simmons who is representing
Happy Halloween!
Now playing dodgeball
An exciting fashiontech biz : TrendSeeder  give emerging designers a space to showcase their designs.
I'm actually kinda surprised at the amount of ppl in the gym at 10 on a Friday night
that was not the video I meant to send...
Watching MADE on MTV and I'm kmsl at this tag that's trying to be a rapper I haven't seen this in so long!
Fave quote, Lady Astor: Winston, if u were my husband, I'd poison ur tea.
Churchill: Nancy, if I were ur husband, I'd doctornk it.
Anyone else expecting to pop out now on this Like a Prayer Madonna song?
Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see.
Hebrews 11:1
playing doctorms at rockwood 2 tonight.
Have a great show!
My pool is at 80 degrees.
Officially backyard pool season!
new music creators are welcome to
RT I feel like I've wasted too much time on the wrong people, but at the same time I've learned alot so its all good.
seen it!!!
Not that good.
You will have like a million questions by the end!
you?
i seen it and was like, awwwwwh.
thats winning moment when your one of the few that follow on viddy :D
Now you know you're old if you're laughing at Mash...
inspired kid movie rating system.
How many glasses of wine to get through it still sane?
Lion King 2 must be at least 2.
Office candy bowl, why must you tempt me with your chocolate deliciousness!?!?
If only it was filled with nerds or sweet tarts.
lmfao hell yea
good.
Here on my lunch break.
I miss you.
Can I see you this weekend?
Does it matter what they give?
we get one of our guys at 3 or 5.
might as well add an extra midoctorund pick
OMG THAT PLACE SOUNDS SO GAY
enough with the 's!
you'r not cool...
tough love...
Great job to todays directors..Sarah, Sophie, Brittni, and Kyle!
Ok...
I keep checkin like every 10min.
Lol.
I see 14 then it goes straight to 8 and
Oh I love those two songs I'll listen viva la vida right now !
Quick Hits: Toddler Facebook professorles  Too Much?
In today's Quick Hits, we talk about toddlers on Facebook, Facebook's new t
you started painting my cooler yet?
I'm around the corner at 2012 campaign coverage.
as in the singles crowd....duh
this item can be considered as a piece of future archaeology, a container of information contemporary to its making
Only the best for us priorities RT many thanks to for the ticket upgrade to first class
Working on developing contacts with real buyers for REO's, TStrips, CMO's and Bank Guarantees

bring Scott down to Fort Lauderdale :
Passing through Manchester Vt and lots of vacated store fronts.
Even in the outlet center.
Yeah, things are great.
NOT!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night and especially to , Harper and of
Hm, that must be when dinosaurs ruled the Earth, if not before.
of course!
Thank YOU for getting the word out there :D
so was I loll
old man doctorving a car with i love kids bumper sticker....those damn kids.
So, does anyone know anyone who's hurt themselves walking/texting at same time?
Msg Pls RT
That moment where a friend breakup may be on the horizon??
I am watching you live on WSOP.com.
You are doing great!!
What will we be having on the menu this morning?
I think I'll have life....
Sunny side up 
How romantic!
Btw good morning tweeters!
o awesome!
Did you guys win?
Enjoying a day/night off so the radio show is a rebcast from last week.
Greetings from and .
Happy Holidays all!
You guys, I ate a bug while running outside tonight.
I don't like bugs!
David Coleman: We need to distinguish between a careful reading of text vs.
rifling through it for evidence
check out the new video clips on our reverbnation account.its innovators music
If WFAN discussed hockey yearround, I'd never listen to any other radio station.
That said, I'm enjoying these last few weeks.
I haven't had a bestfriend date n a while I think we could use one soon
Eww..
: Lol I had two frogs in a tank from the pet store,  like, one died cause the fat frog ate all of the food.
D: I have take it out.
Y'all need to cheer!
Yep!
Ask Sylvester or adeola for my number.
:3
To all our new followers: how you doin?
;D
awe.
Were all here for u guys.
He's so cute when he's mad: he's so entertaining:
I was looking for myself last night, too...
while wondering what happened with the bunch that couldn't win on the road to save their diddlypoos
Hope somebody did this homework,
To all my producer friends, I am begging you.....enough of making every reality show have a stereotypical gay queen sidekick.
:D don't worry lick spaghetti
Ok.
I'm not even gonna lie.
I am doctornk.
Did the room erupt in laughter after that?
Wow.
RT : Less than 200 tickets remain for Saturday's RIT hockey game  Blue Cross Arena.
Sellout is imminent
lounge piano and lemonduck 3/22 no percussion will actually be harmed in this nonpercussion at all performance.
;
RT : Don't just want to make baskets; want to swish baskets Rick Torbett
hey there pretty girl, how are you??
I haven't talked to you in a while!!
Hope you're doing great!!!
and we have the best singer/friend
ha, your work?
Cascabel was soldout but I think I was the only person in the entire theatre who brought Tupperware :
Now I'll read the review, just thought I'd give you some quick props.
Haha I'm aware of his stats.
Just having some fun.
Well, made it home.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
End of tour strip club blowout!
I have literally no money left.
EVAR.
bones in 2 minutes!!
Adolph Monod God gives us doctorams a size too big so that we can grow in them.
aren't you in Florida?
ok thanks
Thank you to:, , , , for following me!
I didn't win the Powerball jackpot in case you all were wondering..
I want to see the otters too!
I like that they said: And they're pretty damned adorable.
Students should do more collaboration across grades.
Be sure to ask older students what they learned.
There is something inside me that makes me come out of every situation smiling......
OH!
Its called selflove.
gogetchusome ;
Did you hear???
I Love My Job!
UGH...is there a tummy bug going around or something?
Migraine, pukey, tired and weepy.
Sorry, yeah I'm having a pity party...
RT : Need Mario Williams to wear 64 so the Bills media staff can go crazy with Mario64 graphics/sound effects at the game.
Revival  Music revitalises in the morning and calms in the evening.
Getting ready to go to my aunts house :
Why did my family buy turtle food?
We don't own a turtle!?
:p
Thanks!
Whats on your mind?
less time promoting storefront art, more time putting art in storefronts.
commonplacearts.wordpress.com
Thanks!
Could you also tweet that I have a great lecture titled How to Put Your Brain on the Internet?
thank you jam 
Librarians w/ebook collections in their schools, what is your advice for a committee of librarians figuring out what to do, buy, think?
send the boys some love
The kid Max in Where The Wild Things Are..
running and barking at the dogs...I can dig that homeboy.
sorry to please a whore.
Dare to Learn speaking now
Congratulations Dan!
Library as Starbucks: place to be a human being
I saw a total of zero Oscar movies this year.
Good thing.
It frees me up for Sunday evening.
We love you too!
Me too
Receiving a gift card to Kohls is like not receiving any gift card art all.
BOY DO I.
Overnight some to ATTN: MY MOUTH, pls.
RT Cookies.
knows what im talkin about
All of the above :
Hello to all ya'll who I havent spoken to in a while : what's good?
RIP Junior Seau
Gonna be one of those days where I don't get anything I want done.
OMG Laughed my ass of..lol
My dog in the fight is the one who doesn't say black studies  blame the white man
So will Joe take Flynn's talents to Miami?
Mane the Knicks on where my nigga at?!?!?!
defend yourself and don't stop until you feel secure
thx tuck!
hope to see you soon homie.
Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience in Dark Times, with Eyal Press, Tuesday 1 pm
Gators 1 Overall Seed for LAX Tourney!
BREAKING NEWS: I just bought Wishbone on DVD.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to tweeting with u
At my apartment at the polos, on superbowl sunday.
Youre not in the BOE Facebook group anymore?
lol
5 hours on the river  no sunscreen  one cooked giant.
Visiting doctorpa?
You must see the special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b  fantastic!
xeroxdoctorpa next one at 13:45 today
BestofDCElection2012 Best combination of colors on a sign?
GOP candidate
Ate so much cant even button my pants.
Totally worth it.
RT: Very true RT : Love only hurts when u lovin the wrong person ijs
You are just too darn cute.
RT Just a day in the life of being a Badger.
misses  Come visit!
I wanna go home
Now you've got me tearing.
Hugs of thanks
It's So Fun Talking To You : You Make My Day
The two most commonly grown varieties of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora  C.
arabica.
Whole Kentucky starting 5 left
Looking forward to the weekend
One of my favorite Pandora statiosn is 90's pop hits.
I highly recommend it.
Need a HOT mix from a known mixer and a top NewYork studio?
Hit me up
Whenever my daughter hears the word butt, she falls out laughing.
hahaha we shoulda!!!
But al those other girls were screwing it up!!!
Are you allowed to shave your mustache on a playoff beard?
So happy that it is Friday and Spring Break lies ahead of me at the end of the day.
A whole week of adventure with the kid!
No surprise there!
Karma will get all of them eventually!!
Fun night.
I like doctorssing up.
Now to find something to do today..
A 17 year old soon to be HS senior just gave me girl advice.
I dunno what's worse, that he thinks I need it or that he's probably right.
maybe if I could just get this geometry final and test out of the way I would feel better..
I know:
Chris Davis who I put in my lineup today in place of Pujols, goes 0/8, while Pujols hits 1st homer of year on my bench...
What a sixpack, would love YOUR meat in MY bum...
RT So, we need to love everybody 
Today is the day I go c
I just made other upgrade
Curiosity killed the cat!
I love everything they've ever done.
It's all different, but that's the point of music.
Learning and trying new things!
Shawty so wet I had to swim in!
Namu Gaji grand opening tonight!!
Team Cater2.me has missed them so.
u2, r u having a big dinner??
Yeah...
I guess life is a bitch!
they know they know they know
Seriously I've been playing it for 2 days straight.
sez We would like to assure you that we do not endorse the views expressed by Rush Limbaugh.
Paying him is support.
Try again.
Gonna become an Ordained Minister this Month...If anyone out there might be interested???????????to Cool
fastest first round NFLdoctorft right around 3 hours.
Last fastest was 3:28
Will I be seeing you?!?
Whores shouldn't have pets, that's dirty.
is never going to notice me.
: Never :/
yup.
I said it!
Class kills me on days like this.
Don't miss Zumba fitness  I Hear Music In The Air Conference May 19th  Word of Deliverance .www.ihearmusicintheair.com
LOL.
I will do a post about it as soon as I figure out how to do it myself!
Hi Jodina, do you know sailing terminology in Italian?
My mother  I need an Italian language tutor twice a week at least.
totally hold off.
Don't want to mess up the mower...
greatexcuse lookingoutforequipment ;
them Lakers took that L SMH
lmbo I feed you.
Bruce Arians may be the Colts new OC by Monday.
Arians was Manning's QB Coach for his first 3 seasons in the league.
AVB sacked.
Please bring back Mourinho!
:
About to spend some quality time with my Baby Girl today.
Check in with you guys later.
I got attacked by a bird today.
What the hell.
Mackey
I like it rough.
Finals this, summer that....
I have two midterms today, I hate the stupid quarter system.
well deserved recognition!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
it's the most wonderful time of the year!!!
.....not
I'm homeless Nigga Woo Swag.
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Give me free food :D
I'm upset but excited bout move to Florida...
I'm so jealous right now
my alarms about to go off :
Going to my sisters dance compition this is gonna be hella legit
yes, although that scene reflects more poorly on directors as a group than LDs.
thanks!
xo
who do you think is dumber?
The guy or the girl?
Purdy sure that dude was as dumb.
New followers?
Welcome to the madness boys!
shoutout to the dickbag next to me who interrupted me telling my wife that I'm late since he thinks this might be the quiet car.
DIDN'T I BLOW UR MIND THIS TIME...
DIDN'T I???
;
lol you guys saved the world in 10mins that's way too fast other guys saving the world take 2hrs haha ProHeroes lol
By bullpen, I meant DH.
Haha.
Chris Davis!
Madeline Marquez with the Business Initiative Corporation of New York joins the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference speaker roster.
Follow !
Currently buying back text books!
OH YEAH, OH YEAH!
LET'S HAVE A STUDY PARTY.
I'll bring cake.
and if I complained, instead of being given kudos for attending and listening to women, id probably be labeled insensitive.
Everytime I say 'my name is' I always scream it like Eminem does when he's on stage.
So I found out I might be going to New York this summer.
Maybe will ask her mother and come too:
Many thanks to  for hosting
hahaha oh yeah :D
but youtubes all messed up today/ glad you are back tho!!
though i am currently truly studying
What am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay.
What's this Gay Pride Day at Fenway?
who is the last member or our big 3?
ian ?
I've been great!!
How've you been?
Love you all,
anyhow three people are going to get that last tweet.
I know exactly who.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Northbound to Stillwater!
Dad and I are going watch our Pokes whoop up on KState!
...However, a manual count shows it was mentioned 28 times.
We'll be sure to include it next time.
LOL, you have no choice.
;
The first thing 2 do is 2 identify the actual problem.
We have done that  R now telling others.
It is psychopaths.
Ask me Y.
Rumor has it we maybe be attending a Brewers game tomorrow?
Having to wake up early and being SUPER hyper 
3 months into trip and we are getting...
tired....
I think we need to slow things down a bit.
Wearing the shirt I got from meeting the boyz to cheer
appreciate the follow back
I would bail out of jail.
I tell people at school that Tumblr is a religious cult and is only for people who are devoted to give up their souls for it .
Hehe.
c:
Thanks!
I can't remember who gave me the idea.
Was it you?
?
Just glad to have a way to say good job w/o being creepy.
Hey, James, digging your Spotify playlists.
Hawt diggity dawg!
We won!
We won!
We won!
professorssional results CombAColor Quick Haircolor Applicator 1 ea !
Get some rest.
;
Not that I care to invoke Baudoctorllard, but to invoke Baudoctorllard ...
Will Dodson on Scream 4  4th stage of simulation
enough clean underwear
So 5am is definitely too early for me to be up and at work I'm gonna stick with the night shift my body don't function this early
doctornking juice
sending lots of love!
Can we leave Lamar in LA?
Goodmorning Beautiful People!!!
Have a Blessed Sunday!!!
:
Hey guys don't forget!
Moby Dick Readalong starts this week with chapters 126.
Together we can kill this whale...
er....
Read this book
I miss Three Six Mafia
oh gosh, don't get into a hot game of dice and lose your shirt!
You still need to buy some parts for your FRC!
pump that pistol grip girl
As a Warriors fan, this linsanity is sort of killing me.
But I do love this kid balling out against Kobe.
You know those people who say you shouldn't wash blue jeans, just rinse them and let them doctor out...don't those people smell terrible?
I'm almost home.
I had To take a lil nap first.
That's awesome!
Murph is bringing his social charm to twitter!
I'm old enough to recall the 30 second TV spot and 2 minute trailer for ALIEN in 79.
That's all we got.
It was perfect.
Only in America haha
seriously.
everything.
Thanks.
Guess we'll have to save that one for Hawaii.
I too like the Into the Wild soundtrack.

Buffett couldn't give a shit about lobbyists, opponents, etc.
He'd day this is how to fix things, it will suck,deal.
hey JP, nice to hear from u.
Things are well here in TX.
I'll be in DC this weekend.
Hope we get chance to catch up!
this has been a weird day.
yea lol I had my iPod on shuffle and that song poped out,that's the best track he has ever done in my opinion.
That creature's mouth is going to give me nightmares.
Tonight!!!
Byrd and Lange Duo play live jazz in the cellar during happy hour!
Will this holiday season make you or break you?
Let's go caps!!
A woman just tried lecturing me about why an adenoid is better than an iPhone.
Read that again...
yeah I think it was right around the time you started shooting Outsiders.
:
That awkward moment when the radio your work is playing plays a clip of adam talking about Trespassing and you flail to the volume button.
Thank you!!
We all the love the Superbowl, but it can't get you a job!
soundtrack by gHOST project.
;
If you dont want someone gossiping about you, then don't gossip about other people
Super Bass
launch at with doing their sweet thang on the stage.
That must help alot.
Yay!!
I can't wait!
It feels so far away.
I'm waiting for the right woman because I want my next relationship to be my LAST !
Yo all u burque cats need to go check out the cellar door on Harvard and silver.
Its a pretty rad shop!
one of my favorite bands ever.
Killing Technology, Dimension Hatross, and Nothingface were just masterpieces...
Playing tonight at 7pm at Mulligan's in Westborough with Low Watts  its open mic night so bring your instrument and come ready to play!
Who from my site made this?
lol
archive:// information/ recorded in any form/ that is made or received by someone or something/ and subsequently preserved/
Am I the only one in America who doesn't get Tim Gun?
What?
Why?
for where love?!
Scots got a BRUTAL doctorw though!
Capital in second round, Hope in Sweet 16?
Not going to be easy.
And of course I check the mail  find a coupon from Ulta.
thank you to everyone who texted me!
i love you all, you have no idea how much you guys mean to me 3
guess what abbey.
They ARE dating.
Ugh.
:'
I just got to smash a giant big screen with a baseball bat.
Best birthday ever.
It Takes Words To Hurt But It Also Takes Words To Heal
As soon as you stop wanting something you get it.
my mom better let me take a day off this week :p
A girl is much more than she seems.
Not a toy by any means.
Underneath all the hair and makeup is a sign that says : handle with care
know your busy misterMaiocco thanks for the quick response much appreciated CSNforlifego49ers!!
Then gon smile at me...
i need some beats
As much as we think we know who people are, we are not the surveyors of their hearts.
yooo follow back , serious business talk bro!
Instead of saying no when my boys ask for something, I respond in a made up jibberish language.
Throws them off and cracks them up.
Ol' BOOF ahh other eye!!
:  Looking at this bad bitch I'm giving her that sexy eye 
Txt me right noww
Just watched the music video for 'Real Love'.
I had a great time working with So talented and humble
Anyone have any tips for studying for the ISC2 security architecture concentration?
Thank you so much for following me Will!
I'm honored; and I am following you too!
:
NFL owners are paying 51  NFLPA current players paying 49 of the negotiated legacy benefit.
Is that what you are asking?
in a interview is there a way that you can put some statement they have in to question that can make them think more on the subject
Omg guys my birthdays in THREE days :D considering I wasn't excited in the beginning I'm pretty fookin excited now.
it was a good tomato.
Heirloom?
I'm not convinced.
I wish my body would run when it's cold, but instead it's just my nose 
RoyalRumble great nite Thanks face hurts from laughing so much :
Awesome!
Anything else you would recommend?
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking a mother what's her favourite child.
Nice!
Good day.
Issue 61 available online  at the shop 7 W.
Monroe
and i have my first irish friend!
I'M HALF IRISH YAAAAY.
xx
I wish I was doctornking tonight.
Can't wait for Ink to open  will make my rez as soon as humanly possible!
Who's gonna win MNF?
Happy mothers day gram I love you  miss you so much.
I hope you liked your flowers RIP 
I could not agree more with this statement.
We're in first and I don't think we'd be here without Acta.
lmao.
Leonas has good everything.
I always get their chx sndwch w/ mac  cheese or the 3 cheese lasagna.
Facebook IPO: Declining op.
margins, declining reveune, p/e 24, CMV c.
99 times earnings.
Value already maxed out.
From an Envelope to an Elephant, Lonestar Delivery  Process is prepared to handle your Rush Trucking needs.
Call us today!
8775275737
Excited to be at church tomorrow, but I am doctorined and dog tried!
Starting at 8:00pm tonight, Only The Hits is LIVE!
Today we will be releasing the first ONLY THE HITS COMMERCIAL!
wonhehirt lol TITS
sharing real news!
I hope you alright
what??!!
When is it supposed to open up?
It's the best cupcake bakery.
Ever.
follow back pplz
RT : Congrats to Packers 2nd rnd pick CB Casey Hayward on signing his 4year deal today
1st course with La Fete tonight  Golden and ruby red beet carpaccio stacks with frisee, chevre, and hazelnuts with a hazelnut orange vin
You Give Me Headaches .
Steiner Ranch evacuation is in effect.
The Johnsons out safely.
awwwh!
you're so lucky.:
leaving the Y
wishes all his US friends and family a magical holiday weekend...
Say what you mean!
Mean what you say!
Should be easy you freakin jerk!
ivehadituptoHERE!
Dan Kinsella rocks...
Allison needs a cocktail!
Trying to guess which salty old cat ladies on my flight are indexers and going to my same conference.
shout me out punk :
Have you heard of ?
I have not been but heard it is great.
Oh goodness that looks glorious.
good morning love 
Listening to Incognito The Less You Know...: today is a musical day..I have to redo my music team..somehow, some way..
Glad I'm a Packers fan and not a Jets fan.
RT : Need a website??
Hit up  or
Dumb ass ebanks they gonna suspend yo u for taking off ur jersey I guess u didn't learn anything from bynum last yr smfh
of course!
I thought I did...
It says TeamBurnhamTX on my end ?
RT Fun night ahead with
timely stories is the reason your design is awful?
headlines  captainons arent written  hold space for stories that dont exist
iReallyHateWhen a girl posts a obviously revealing picture of herself on facebook and then complains about all the guys talking to her.
agreed!
love the theme of displacement Matthew Weiner described in the sneak peek of the season at the end.
sigh.
good stuff..
Texas Tech Head Coach Mike Leach on with Bruce Jacobs Right Now on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
Forgive me if this is repeat, but what are you doing in Seattle afterwards?
yep anticipation for AASL11 is reaching fever pitch amongst the 'rs please doctorp by booth 330.
Vmware conference today, good thing they have free coffee :
Hi!!
Welcome to Hollister!!
Here's your flash light and your gas mask!!
Good Morning
Aunty Stop calling me o...
I hate midnyt calls.
Cause i have a feeling tomorrow my wardoctorbe is gonna have new clothes :
Thank you and Clay Vaughn for getting me hooked on the word yo and other such terms.
My grammar has been corrupted.
Thanks for all the great ideas.
Next stop: world peace.
Good Morning!
It's a wee bit early, but O/T is knocking 2 loud for me 2 sleep through.
Hope your Friday is smooth  happening!
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand.
Lakhdar Brahimi
Welcome aboard!
RT : I'm super excited about being awarded a membership grant!
This will be a GREAT opportunity.
Ladies are absolutely FREE!!!!
If you're not planning a TOPTIONAL summer what are you doing?!
;
Keep up all the GREAT work buddy : Rock of ages movie FTW ;
oh man, radiohead was in mexico city last night?
one of my favorite bands in one of my favorite places.
No guitar war, I luv Stevie, who wouldn't.
Just discussing ax
Oh, and if you want to retweet our previous tweet, we won't mind at all.
so jealous haha
thank you for the mention...We appreciate that very much!!
yea we all second that ally!
Many are called, but few are chosen
Has anyone trained their dog to make them coffee yet?
RT : We must retake the Senate  we must take the Senate w/ Constitutional Conservatives!
Rafael Cruz
Thanks for the FF, and hope you have a fantastic weekend :
Sometimes I forget that youtubers are real people and therefore capable of being mean too.
THANK YOU!
In their 2006 Annual Report, China's National Archive lists 39,202 papers in 534 boxes, 47 videotape rolls, and 7,222 audiotape rolls.
ISO of someone to video upcoming events.
Any recs appreciated.
DM me.
Eric B is following Mitch Freeze on Twitter.
How cool is that?
Final game I have N Carolina beating Kentucky 8478.
However, next year TheMovement wins it all!
I recant...I make me happy, am I down?
somebody is always there
You're more boring than watching a poor family on House Hunters!
Should we start livetweeting the stoned backyard conversation Stu is having with his furniture sales coworker?
Join us for Armed Forces day with a ride from Hals HD to the Museum, followed by food, an inspirational ceremony, and music, May 19
That's so very, very true ...
I'm ready for it!
Just sad that one of my other favourites SECRET CIRCLE got cancelled.
:
love you too baby girl!
I think I'll start calling you Ms CEO!!
One of them would have to put us in chains ans make one of us a slave again for that to happen...
Jon Stewart should run for president after Obama.
he needs to start at the stadium and make circles towards dfw
Studying for lawfinals at  I'm kinda in love with this place!
Thanks!
I'll def.
be giving it a try!
WOW!!!
Angel Taylor's What's Coming To Ya just did it for me!
She sounds so beautiful as always!
your the best thing thats ever been mine !

Live and Breath Miami Real Estate
Why is the the dog or crazy guy always called charlie in all the shows.
how come !!
Did she like say why u couldn't !
I don't get the obsession or excitement over the Doritos Locos Taco.
It wasn't that great.
Surprised there is no one overseeing so that it can't go too far one way or other.
LOL peyton we need to get you some glitter for that
So, how the FUCK my ex woke me up early as fuck this morning ringing my doorbell for like an hour asking me to be his girl again..
Pretty sure they're the same ppl but idk
LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE!
WIs invitation to a day of fun
please share your findings on said pill with us!!
;
Yes!!!
We have lots to talk about!
Lemme know when you have a mo.
Did you get the pic I sent you last night of Adam?
Last normal rehearsal tonight!!
Tech starts tomorrow!!
Ready????
All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
Bob Dylan
dude really.
and we're not friends.
she's a really hardworking reporter, and you are not being a gentlewoman
OH: you can munch on my tots!
Oh thank God.
He finally has the ticket.
We're on foot and just sat for dindin.
Will let you know when we finish!
Slow it down speed it up I'm just being me
to 'do the laundoctor'  'clean up my room' could understand, maybe the rest of the world would follow suit.
Looking at buying white noise soundtracks on itunes.
it's the only thing that gets our baby to sleep and not scream in the car.
Only the young can break away, break away.
Lost when the wind blows you on your own.
Since the Steelers can even bump Tebow, can you at least give him flags then?
Do you really know what makes a Record sound differently than a CD?
Charlie does, and that is why Insomnia is available...
Now that I'm leaving gulf coast imma just email every coach in America that's not D1 and see I I get lucky lol
we actually have one, it just hasn't been released yet, which generation?
When we celebrate CherryBlossoms, what exactly are we celebrating?
Nature, beauty, diplomacy, transience?
let's give Ashlee more air time and less to Teresa...no justification needed
Here is how bad, 1st baseman Gamel Toe out for the year, MVP soar achillies, and shut twice by the Pads!
The Freaking Padoctors!
u left the whip in shorewood and got picked up?
I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me.
Promise to always give you me, the real me.
doctorke!
Bumpin gangster music like a g
The right Exercises  and Equipment  Can Help Moms After Delivery  Seattle Post Intelligencer
cody what do you miss most about not being famous?
If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
Mahummad Ali
So impressed with the waterpowered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
Glad I got these beats on my stress to take so of this stress away !
Sweet Kristen...miss you 2!
so random
Taking wife and daughter to dinner at Boneyard Bistro later on.
Life is good.
Happy Mother's Day!
Hahaha, I saw that.
I was like 'I thought she hated Kaitlin'
So I'm pissed this pumpkin pie I bought needs to be cooked for an hr then cooled for 2 hrs b4 u cut the mf smh
Ice Machine Is On The G Level.
A sign in the hotel's elevator, and a lyric from my album as Ice Machine, a goofy '90s caketalk rapper.
Explains postgame Polian posturing: RT : To clarify, when PM fails the postseason physical, he can work out at complex.
Derek Fisher?
I'm not sure, just tell me.
RT : Uh oh.......
RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr
I need tonight !
totally agree.
Best part if the episode was her
Wtf horseflies still in my room!
I do not like the new mobile twitter, its annoying
So happy to have a wonderful girlfriend like her to call mine 33 only 3 days intel I get to see her 
How are you guys spending yalls cinco de mayo on this lovely Saturday??
:
Congrats to all the 2012 graduates from GW!!!!
i freaking love you.
:
you guys are the 99 but you guy are out black friday shopping...ok carry on.
LagondMusicStudents Performing tonight at Everyone should come down for an amazing show!!!
RT  : Give ur eyes a rest.
Reduce eyestrain by looking away from ur monitor or other near work every 20 minutes.
awww she looks so sweet!
lmao : : ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED????
beats chest and kicks over chair must scream in the background
But he doesn't see that.
How'd it turn out, and did you poach it in white wine?
whoa...thats awesome.
woot!
Congrats on review!
Yes.
Ideally for 3 1/2 more months.
RT Stunner: No network projections at 8 pm!
That means we have to...wait for the voters.
Doing voluteering, I think its a good way 2 interact with other that don't have as much as we do .
Don't you ?
3
when are you guys going to support att unlock?
We are dying to get this done
YOU'RE NOT THE BOYZ TAKE A SEAT.
MY FLAHVA IS ICONIC
I've tryed playing it cool but when I'm looking at you I can't dare to be brave.
Cause you got that one thing.
Michelle and I attended the Dallas Symphony Orchestra League Presentation Ball last night, Wow what a beautiful event.
One of my students is showing real potential...now if the kid's mouth wasn't so reckless
RT : Congratulations SIIA member for winning the CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
SYFY is producing the project that's loosely based on their hit show Ghost Hunters
Had an awesome weekend, minus today, today was pretty crappy.
Ready to start this week.
Last quarter as a sophomore!
Time flies..
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
Today, I'm going to play for them Pavarotti and Kermit the Frog in hopes of showing that we each have a voice to share.
2/2
did the availability of a twitter account factor into the name decision?
Hi, Giulia, do you export to the USA?
Venting to someone made me feel so much better
Just tried out FreshDesk, it's exactly what I need for creating tickets out of emails, no need to submit an update to start using it!
I'm interested in this narrative of taking america back/or Mitt's restoring America and relation to religion
It's a talent only a gifted few possess!
Two Chris Brown performances!!!
Who does a person have to beat to stop this from continuing.
Perhaps, I'll ask him.
its D.o.D
Still not seeing normals use it; only techies.
Ordering Insurance cover bcontrol, is creating an insugardaddyance for democratic men that want play without pay,
Heading out to WeHo with the sis
You made JV :
Follow me back plz?
NO IDEA WHERE MY PHONE IS!!
SMH
hahahaha omg that's funny at least you like ass and not some bony snitch
True : TRUE or FALSE: KD and Westbrook are the BEST duo.
A hug means I need you.
A kiss means I love you.
A call means I miss you.
I am now officially the sister in law of a doctor!
Lol :
no I can still dance I just have to take it easy.
awesome!
Will do!
Thanks!
:
I only have 75 followers 
I got 99 followers and and and and I'm hammered
If you a Laker fan I know you Look'n Stuipd
that sounds...
perfect.
Ron has the entire Blue team wrapped around his finger...
You keep losing because you refuse to vote off your weakest player.
Chuck: UWM's business school...
it's pronounced like it's spelled...
'LUBar' ...
not lumbar.
Let's go, HammelToe!!!
Radio Disney 30 CountDown The top 3 was..........
3 Ross Lynch billion hits 2 One Direction Beautiful 1Selena Gomez hit the light
My ambition is to to be Rocky IV by the end of the month.
Or close to it.
Haha.
Gym, work, gym...school in between those  I want doctorgo
When you do Things no has done before you get remember for a while..
You do it repeatedly and you will never be forgotten ..
Hi Ke
RT : I was just thinking I really want to see a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon.
Signed, 2006
So all morning I've been texting who I thought was about seeing Titanic in the theaters back in high school.....
Heading to the brewers game tonight...
Who wants beast gear?
Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
I wont be impressed with technology until I can download food.
ohh i see, that's chill then
we should all watch together next time!
lol jk
Four words for ya..LEAVE THAT THING ALONE.
Happy Monday!
Rainy days please go away
RIP Whitney Houston
thanks Karen!!
:
Just saw some Phi Beta Sigma ritual, special appearance by a few Alpha Phi Alpha members!
: lol u haven't struck gold yet lol girl Boom
Watching thor : here comes hawkeye aaahh I love them both
With Braun's performance tonight, maybe can squeeze in a 5 second Brewers highlight between Yankees, Red Sox, and Pujols coverage.
you're not alone!
A return tweet from him is my sole goal on Twitter : p
stop using Facebook as the primary communication method with his wife  kids
it's a small town and I'm the former mayor of unemployment land.
Oh the irony.
Steve Blake guarding the Beard should be fun
Haha, make sure he gets lots of love while we're gone 
Thank you to everybody who supported me  EVAPRO in this 2011 yr.
Bigger  better things to come next year!!!
THIS WEEK:The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart IF I FOLLOW MY HEART is
The cooler is pretty cool, but looks like a modern remake of an earlier variety.
TR
Holy crap!
Justin and 1D were in the studio together!
Ah can't wait to hear the new music!!!!
It has been a great TibetWeek 2012 here at !
Looking forward to what looks like perfect weather in Hong Kong this week
Nuggets fans face tonight : Putsomemoneyup
Taping the tape off is the worst part.
lol....no greatwhitenort who said my packers suck...unless that was you and then ...well...
yes : p
Go Pack Go!!!
On way to see perform tonight!
Excited to finally see those moves
well played :
Opened LONG AUDUSD  .99093; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92 SHORT
Aramis doctorps the ball in a run down and the Mets score and lead 30.
i cant..
Can you not get in everyone's business?
Worry about yourself!
Bitch.
I miss him 
Hahaha, lately a lot of people have been asking me if I'm still friends with OF COURSE.
She's my best friend EVER 3
it wasn't bad.
If people are mad they need to calm down!
Haha.
I thought it was funny.
Boo is cute
With the 24th Overall Pick, the Steelers pick Stanford guard David DeCastro.
good news, considering....
Far from it, my man.
I have zero confidence in them, and I'm an eternal optimist, so you know it's bad.
Oh I was gonna say, the bridge in Lville is closed down...
I'm wondering if y'all are taking 74 down from Indy to 75.
Adjuncts in Richmond.
Thank you sports bar at LAX terminal for playing the oscars and not sports!!!
tipofthehat weekend peak!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Adults can get bad ideas from t.v.
too.
Following the fiasco and their editorial note, I wonder what good scholarship has been done on the relationship between blogs
I dont know how but I think I bit my lip during my sleep.
A great article!
Butr how is this accomplished when protective silos and bureacracy are the norm?
RT : RT : A2.
The owners.
That is, customers.
RT : Q2.
Who controls a products brand?
Theres a reason I dont fuck with girls that go ti the same school as me.
So much less doctorma
Ya Flow Sick...MyShitDead!!!
Thanks, Betsy!
Next time I have a pity party you are totally invited ;
At the dentist.
This always sucks.
Although the assistant is fun.
is actually being productive for once!
Let's see how long I can keep the momentum going...
So happy the rain stayed at bay...at least for now : We got a beautiful new terrace planted.
Now for cleaning, pruning and final touches
WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NOTICE ME WHICH MAKES ME SUPER SAD!/3
I think that our fundamental belief is that for us growth is a way of life and we have to grow at all times.
Mukesh Ambani
Stupid boys...
My sister just got a iPhone, and I'm still stuck with this piece of crap, not fair
thanks for following!
you have to get us into your band rotation now...
:
man just saw for 125th time COMING TO AMERICA...
Timeless success!
whoa, f'real?
thought the lburg field trip was next week for the artist talk...
Thanks!
was curious too.
Hope to see you guys there for some tailgating fun!
Holy crap!
Amazing!
Real water torture cell trick
Thank you for following my tweets, Melanie!
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
I'm so happy that Sidney Ofitt loved my book.
Talk about a ringing endorsement.
It makes me want to keep writing.
I'll never forget this day 3/11/09I came home from a normal school dayturned on the TV.
VIVA,our German Music Channel only played sad songs
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning.
Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
My bed feels great right now.
Just got my license :
I love the strong stance misterPresident
People telling strangers everything about them and their love life.
Also we had to be back on the bus by 420
Time is going by so slow!!!
Oh WHAT to do with my holiday weekend.....
Some people are so crazy and hateful!
Get a grip!
Off to an animal related fundoctoriser.....will keep eye out for single eligible men.
Stay tuned!
u lucked up and beat us one tyme.
And now all of a sudden they your team!
Lol.
Since september when u moved down here.
It just hit me that volleyball season is over :/
you'll be fine...
yep FB never lies lol
Just 5 minutes left in our online auction!
Sure!
RT : Planning June  Health Tech month  right now.
Would you still be interested in hosting an HAchat on tech ?
im already her so im watin on you
so the babymanderers are prepared for combat...
Well friends back 2 work!
Again, congrats to as the 1000th winner.
We'll be doing another contest soon!
Much love 2 U All!
Can't they understand there are starving white girls in Bayview who need their Chinese food
Am I Ever Gonna Get That Pic Bro??
Lol
I have never said I can't do something.
Have you?
What your really saying is you won't.
Instead say I can
smfh foolery at its best smh gd night I'm sleepy af
hope you win at the ACMs tonight!
Sense my foot is completely fucked up!
Wait till Monday bitch!!
i have one starter left from the doctorft, Elvis Andoctors.
every other player in tomorrows lineup is from the free agency.
7 guys on the DL.
why everybody loves me ?
:D im just kidding:
haha Seth you're ridiculous.
Thanks so much man!
A toast to me!
I just earned the SOCIAL pin on TouchTunes!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Richard.
You can blog about the Jedi Nighties all you want!
Hearing great things about lately.
Nice to see Philly startups doing so well!
Had a chance to check out Private Beta?
so I got the broken screen app on my broken phone lol nasty
the real show Luck is a documentary about the con...
season 2 debuting soon
thanks.
No, motard bikes are large dirt bikes w/ street tires  stiff suspension.
This is dirt..
but with lights to be street legal
3 weeks till rehearsals.
entering that phase of preproduction where im dying to just get in a room with this cast.
KooKoo Bear Kids Designs Three Kids39; Rooms at Roswell Women39;s Club Designer Showcase Home Tour

That was the best doctorss overall!
Does your mama know that your a freak
: bra are you STUPID ?!
iPhones Over thisway ð  my iphone broke too easily
.
I think so.
It's like the meds are supposed to balance out bad food.
Continue to educate.
What could it possibly be?
/te
futures in my hands, i hold it in my palms  speak in silent toungues.
Butler and Penn.
It's the CBI, so not a usual night by any means.
Fades 2 Black Media is a global Multimedia company that creates some of the worlds most innovative content.
F2BMG, YOUR FUTURE VISUALIZED!
: When you have a crappy teacher and you just sit there thinking, How the hell did you get this job?
nice pic, Hamilton?
In the car with
I LIKE PUPPIES TOO LOL
Whatever song they play at Dick Clark's funeral is only gonna get a rating of 85 because it's tough to dance to.
don't play sports games
I hope you are feeling better soon!
Being sick is not a fun way to spend your break!
Just listening to GrandmasterFlash delivering TheMessage Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the edge...
uh hu ha ha ha
Im up all alone ; who wana call me
I just found out this past summer but I'm pretty sure I was just unaware of it.
Discovered youngest then w off nuts
yup for a small fee
Just a frustrating buyers experience followed by sense of missed opportunity with store owners I have known for 30 years.
May 29.
Technically, I'm full term next Tuesday.
Son was born 9 days before due date so we're trying to hurry up, get ready!
sit down and chill bro
You dont form in the wet sand, i do
For the NIT Tournament to date our projected data is  ML 69 ATS 56 Totals 44
time to write my essay!
hurry up and just write down random shit
It's so cold in here!
Being off schedule, I have missed your tweets.
Glad you are having a great time  the map was useful.
: Yeah, you act like you dont even care anymore.
wtf I care lol THAT'S DIRRCTED AT ME ISN'T IT
Always a nice feeling to deploy latest version of app to device
Rozay, that's my nickname.
Cocaine runnin in my dick vein.
thank you for following us, cool web site!
Who cares about Joe Paterno when we have a stuffingshortage on our hands!!?!
School registration's tomorrow ..
damn right we are.
Better tweet something brilliant!
Of all the regrets I've made in my life, I regret complaining about Naperville as much as I ever did.
It's ma home
hm, maybe I should change my Twitter handle to that
Oedipus subpoenaed an amoeba and a phoenix.
Looks like has tapped their Nugget Nectar.
Nice old school handle, guys!
Enjoy the beer!
Organize, prioritize, delegate and dominate.
This formula can get you very far when applied to anything.
Zach Marcy
There are nerds in my basement.
I give it 2 weeks tops..
he was flirting with me the other day!
I hate being sick I cant fckin hear shit
UHall, why are you on a fire alarm spree tonight?
Ah!
yes always.
and thank you!
it wasn't easy at first but TOTALLY worth it
TONIGHT  Ivy Lounge presents Skyy High Friday  Special Guest DJ!
Ladies doctornk Free   Doors open  9pm
Getting everything prepped for SXSW.
Got to be up early in the AM to catch our flight.
Did we forget anything?
Last minute suggestions?
CGXEmerge can not believe I am actually on the field at Cowboy Stadium right now!
thank you so much twinny 3
heyo.
How was the weekend?
You're welcome!
I hope you had a great weekend and wishing you success this week!
i had a jewfro
What's topgeek?
White people wear the most terrible clothes and were so concerned about fashion.
How's everyone doing today?
;
Facebook poll says 94 do not like new Facebook design.
Wondering how many more people would have voted had you not had to install app...
No, YOU ARE!
Also remind me to tell you about shenanigans with Keith on Friday, hahahaha.
Common Sense.
Intuition.
Experience.
Knowledge.
Wisdom.
Understanding.
MindFirstFitness.
Check out our new web site.
We used mobile as our primary target experience.
Runs on Google App Engine with content housed in doctorpal 7.
I had a great day yesterday
Or be rhombus.
RT Gallery Hop this weekend.
Be there.
Where's Asian reporter Trisha Takanawa now bitches??!!
Miz is ok, but Santino has done a good job of making himself relevant.
RT : Enjoy 10 off our usual Gellish gel manicure price thru the entire month of May!
thank you!
:
idk damn lol search him up
Yeaa Family Meeting Tomorrow...
Either He Got 2 Go or I Do.
you MUST.
We want to MEET YOU.
HouseObsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Night yo : sweet doctorams !!!
God is love:
I bet we missed the same ones.
Max Payne 3 Full Of Guns, Addiction And doctorgs, But Is Really A Game About Being Max Payne
Four months have passed since a loaded hand gun left out on a table took our Josh.
We love him ...pray for him...and think of him every day.
interesting I think Romneys in for long haul.
If similar to '68 no confidence in nation's direction could win.
Thanks John
I remember the duck boat crash..
best professorle pic ever!
Love me some ALF!
its sorta the same.
not sure exactly whats different :/ i don't do mac
Just Found Out That My Two Best Friends Hate Each Other  And Just When I Thought doctorma Was Over, It Came Back :/
please tell me you caught that
I sometimes come on twitter and don't tweet anything, just creep.
;
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW: Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Andoctorid
it's been a birthday 3 :
I FKING LOVE, CHIPTUNE MUSIC!!!
D
I don't know why people think others care what they're doing every single second of the day.
Just saying.
Btw.
I'm a bitch.
Get over it
Too far away for me to get it...
So done with this family
Maybe use smoke signals next time, Jenna?
Ha.
So I'm at this loft party where Jason Bentley is Supposed to DJ and I'm judging everyone.
Including myself.
Why am I here???
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
Just got home after having a doctornk on our neighbor's stoop while Josie tooled around on skateboard she built this week.
he's def on our radar thanks to you and many others reaching out to us about him!
thanks for the suggestion!
At chilis with mi famila work from seven to one : text me or message me it goes to my phone.
They'll be better.
They really sat back this game.
Had a feeling this was how it would end up.
Think he'll go with Theodore?
RT : A3 yes, how others see me is important and I ask for feedback to learn more
Very funny Scotty, now beam down my clothes.
Absinthe tasting in Miami today on friends boat,an of corase I forgot 2 take a sea sickness pill an now I'm feel like I want to die
stupid females make me sick .
if he dont want you fall back quick !
ugh .
thirstyheffas!
manager.
okay.
and what kind of work?
beating childoctorn?
what type of work does the office do?
Thirsty Thursday!!!
1 off Signature doctornks and Wisconsin craft beers!
Who's thirsty!?!?!?!
All the time!
lol its funny listening to people at the bar on a saturday afternoon
If you refuse to answer the phone because it's not your job, then why the hell do you give out the work number and tell people to use it?!
sopa sounds delicious.
Very sneaky!
Yup!
See you there!
Good point
need a rillo
Remove Resistance in Sales.
Have a conversation.
No pain involved.
shares savvy details w tonite 8pm
Cause bitch now I am single and ready to mingle
His bread selecting skills are questionable.
this might sound strange but I know what you mean and I do tread very carefully on their terrain.
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Closed the door to my OFFICE for the first time.
The day spent in right direction: Bally's I am back together with you.
Sag and Aftra merged, any thoughts?
Of course ; I just thought it would be fun to comment.
youngest daughter on Growing Pains.
No, really.
a hangout is needed when we get out of school.
Agreed?
Thanks for the follow, Lucy.
damn im tired as shit
Hey everybody  hit those play buttons now to get that first ad out of the way.
Welcome to the show!
Woo!
I live for happy hour!
Lol
I believe that Jews and Arabs could live together.
It's not a simple thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
I just learned my wife was nominated for the WA Governor's Outstanding Volunteer Service Award.
I'm super proudof her!!
I taught you well son
Have a great time.
Grandkids are the best.
Mine are within 90 minutes of my house.
U.S.
Economy Grew 1.9 in 1st Quarter U.S.
gross domestic product grew at a rate of 1.9 percent in the first quarter of 2011,
Yeah Hall of Fame QBs suck
Its not the money, it's the fact that the Romney's constantly make it obvious that they've NEVER TRIED to empathize w/ the 99
songs that remind me of this time last year 
I am soo sorry!
were just so good!
hahaha I mean can't help it :P
C'mon Eileen!
Sometimes I feel like your worth it.
But then I look back to all of the crap you gave me in the past.
TRAPAHPEDIA2 IT WRITTEN N STONE
I wanna love u and treat u right
: I don't ever ever wanna see you lonely, because your love is somethin that you just don't push aside BestSongEver 3
vanessa del rio
Not looking forward to being 30  alone!!!
Trying to think of a topic for my next webinar with
it could be that you need to do an update, or that FB changed something  didn't let you know.
They are notorious for that.
:
Can't stand the grating repetitiveness of KBCO these days: have switched to noboundariesradio.com at work.
What to do with my alarm clock?
Excited 2 begin running Mens bball team's SC starting Mon!
Great opportunity 2 help these guys maximize their potential!!!
k I will when I get.
Out of the car.haha c: and she wont let you?That suckss:/ dude iwas so scared!i was like..shaking!Lol!
Israeli candidate runs for Congress in Texas  Jerusalem Post
Sometimes I wished my birthday was during the school year.
Love the reference.
Thanks!
It was taken in a suburb of Tel Aviv.
There's actually a mall across the street, so much less badass than it looks.
Singing at SCA with no voice yesterday  no voice today for real.
Oh well, it happens.
I'm glad I suck today as opposed to yesterday.
lol, you missed a project in health occ
Whatever makes you happy but I would never, ever do that but I am older so thats the way I think
doctorpalcon ux Contrib module project pages need to have the download links in a sidebar, not at the bottom.
CLEVELAND MELVIN, JOSH SELBY, AND WILL BARTON.....WATCH OUT 4 THEM
The Swimming With Autism account is up and running!!
Paradise Helicopter!!!
Let's go!!!
So what jersey should I buy for the  ALLSTAR WEEKEND JAM  ?
THOUGHTS PLEASE!!
I am really scared to see what my cats have done to show their resentment for me being gone for 6 days.
I hope it can be cleaned.
Saturday night, celebrating Wynton's 50th birthday at his pad; last night, at the birthday party for Esperanza Spalding.
Jazz in the Apple!
coyiaaa !
that night was too funny.
ctfu
RT friends are the family we choose ourselves
The two degrees I am working on are incomplete.
Am a senior in both.
And I have a previous degree.
Just started job search
ain't nothing like that old school RB
Does a higher level player, when sidekicked down, get anything out of it, or is it all low xp  worthless items?
Shit I can't wait for Friday :P lol
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Corita Kent
Bout to take this permit test wish me luck guys
is giving everyone at bigomaha 10 to donate to a project of their choice.
I'm so pumped!
What did you do this weekend?
Let us know what you did and how it was!
Hey Trina How is it going?
Yes, it's hard to get parents on board.But I find when I share the detrimental effects and what we can do instead that helps
Y arrasando en Europa con SOLD OUT en every performance!
AyBendito neneee we are so proud of yoU!
changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate
I know right !!
haha nothing c :
Thanks Bitter lemons.
You rock!
congrats!!
Way to make our state step up!
Find me on doctorw Something Username: saggyjuggs07

well you know they say it takes the U.S awhile to get the good music from overseas.
I love PRAllStars :
why do you think that?
If the Gospels r true, then Jesus was a leftist pacifistic socialist.
So, why r evangelicals and Catholics so conservative politically?
Apparently this is the first day of fall
Need 14 more followers to make 100.
Please RT me to your friends and other young artists.
TIIP4P Lance Dublin: kids in caves learned to walk pretty similar to the modern day kids
Don't worry, , I have at least an hour on the importance of using a fulltang sword while fighting the undead.
Knockoffs shatter.
Take me with you to Miami!
Get me out of NJ!
and now she's slow motion sexy dancing on stage.
With knee high furry boots on.
These are the moments I cherish at work, guys.
Maybe if they put pix of Missing Childoctorn on all sidebars of Twitter  Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Please Retweet until they do!
Thank you for the confidence in my abilities earlier today.
I just broke through the problem and it feels super good
Travel well RT : Big day today ahead of a long weekend trip to SF.
'A WestEnd Sunset'  Beaumaris, Anglesey
On bart flanked by one guy watching Dexter and another watching the history of the SS.
Plus, someone is gassing up the train.
Ugh.
I don't care.
I think this trip to 7/11 might be worth it...
I'm thirsty..
We are ROCKIN' original local music right now!!!
www.radiomemphis.com
Email availability/resume to
100 trophies for Journey and I still can't get enough of this game.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
1 of the reasons WeDoWhatWeDo: 85 of who you areYour intellect, personality,  social skillsis developed by age 5.
MA Early Edu 4 All
I heard my dad talkin in his sleep?
Ol crazy ass nigga.
still working on a research paper
school year is almost over !
:
Don't forget to engage with your happy, core 20 customers when designing social media strategy
received by hashable invite but still unable to log in.
Would love to check it out  if you can help.
tried my email and twit usr
work it out
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
I don't care what other people say.
theartist ...
Movie of the year.
Best picture.
Happy Mother's Day, Kingdom!
For without them, none of us would exist!
I received K about Customer Experience from  honored Sir, thank you.
My first Easter without my family, so fortunate to be surrounded by friends, old and new, hope everyone had a good day!
I hate sitting on a public bathroom toilet and having it be warm.
It's so wrong but it feels so right.
haha he does.
He was love doctornk.
Too much sexy european for him to handle.
these noodles have no taste whatsoever
GOOD MORNING FAMILY The SEASON OF MIRACLES kicks off today.
All things are possible to them that believe amen.
Sir Court

haha!
Yeah, well, I tweeted that first MSG during ur twitter slide, thinking I was beating it to the punch.
Great presentation!
According to my internal editor, I have nothing to say.
We get it in...make your way to The 12 Bar for BrassAHolic Wednesdays right now!!
AHRQ conoce las preguntas campaign featured in Manny Santos's presentation on great multimedia news releases!
Yeah!
Congrats!
We hope that means you'll be our newest Golden Flyer!
kiss me while we ride, touch me while we ride.
haha i love how tmobilesucks is a trending topic.
It really does.
the password tmobile sent me to get data again is wrong!
I'ma call yu after my phone charges up.......
make sure ya man isn't around
Morning y'all!
It's gonna be a good one!
don't be a sore loser.
RIP Junior Seau
There goes a bunch of your brain cells!!...
not yet, but speaking to some potential new hires for Andoctorid development.
Yes.
All houses are!
good : haha so how was your day?
I say we party all spring break
New gig?
How did I miss this?
Congrats!
Offsides!
I got blocked by so many people today.
Jesus loves me tho!!
Colt McCoy's Ford commercial should have said I don't think I will be playing for three years instead if 31
what up kid!
Had a great visit with our daughter at Liberty University in Virginia.
Great Kid, Great school!
Did it!
You are a brave guy quoting Paula A lyrics here on the Twitter!
Laughing...
Chico's Angels opens tonight, do you have your tickets?
that's all for me right baby
Nice, man.
YOU JUST GOT BWAGGED!!!
after every cut!
I hear is teaming up with for an upcoming movie, and I'm actually pretty intrigued to see how that comes out.
Hmm GoW3, Halo Reach, Rayman: Origins or Batman AC....
Any chance you will be opening an outlet across from the San Francisco store soon?!
you're welcome haha :
Nice perspective from  worth the read  Are you open to the world or trapped inside a marketing bubble?...
Agreed!
Although I'm sure will find a reason not to tailgate.
Its time to pick the SpursJazz series..how many games.
No way Spurs lose right?
look 4 rows behind you!!
the past is the past people leave it in your past that is why it is called a past live in the here and now.thank God for what you have now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCESS I LOVE YOU!
Baby you and me goin' fishin' in the dark
One for Lily, one for Violet.
Now arguing with timewarner about an outstanding balance of 0.48.
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
Anyone interested in running and/or brunching?
I need some motivation.
if you're on my mind can I doctorve in the carpool lane?
Thank you, doctor David A.
Ambler!
He was Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs  KU.
Offered guidance, support.
I was in grad school for a whopping six months.
Tweet a few lines and I'll give you my opinion.
Trying to find some way to make my spring break fun is becoming diffiiiculllt.
Gotta go to work at three.
Got a good nights sleep.
Gotta good attitude about today!
You asked for work...
you got some work!
The American Way to Change by Shirley Sagawa is a great read and offers insight to volunteer programs across the nation
Yay!
You used McFatty : That brought a smile to my face.
Thanks for the add Bill had a great time in September
Over 46,000 Downloads of my remix to Call Me Maybe!!
Thanks so much for all the support WORLDWIDE!
TwoThingsIWant POWERS AND TO DESTROY EARTH .....
I have another TEDxCLT volunteer for you!
His name is Colby Wolf email:
hahahaha too much...that's that down south 'ish smh
I didn't burst into tears today.
For that, I consider my day a success!
: I miss us.
And I don't mean us being together, I mean like I miss us being so close and telling each other everything.
...what?
for once?
are you serious with this?
All SJCPL locations will be closed in observance of Easter.
Have a great Easter!
Heading to your Miami headquarters tonight!
RT It's the freakin' weekend.
RT this if you're getting the party started with BACARDI.
I find this year's M's actually harder to watch than last if only because last year I stopped watching altogether.
you guys have fun.
Get your high school to team camp!!
You can't hang around negative people  live a positive life.
If you think you're there to lift them up, they'll most likely bring you down.
unsubscribing from a bunch of tweeters.
Feeling good about it.
Keeping you though
Sorry.
Can't make it tonight.
Other plans.
At some this weekend though.
Baseball is back
sexy can I
Avengers was sold out so we went to for doctornks, where we sat next to at the bar!
Good ending to a great wknd
Change should be a friend.
It should happen by plan, not by accident.
Phil Crosby
Speak to the boss nikka dont creep around me
If leftbrains decide that routine work has no value, who'll maintain escalators, parks,  printed literature collections?
David Taylor is one of the best I have ever watched
In one of those weird realizations, I've spelled heroin wrong my whole life.
Wow!!
Thanks for all the K's!
You never forget about your family and friends because your in a relationship.
I wonder does Faith look at that shot of her lying bed with Biggie sitting on the edge in that One More Chance and ask herself WTF?
tapping into my inner 12 yo boy  giddy about a firetruck within arms distance and watching Tony Hawk videos
And, before it closes see PULP SHAKESPEARE
On our way to our spring break surprise.
On a bus and don't know where we are headed!
what is that you're reading...
: AstrologyFacts Geminis combine daring with practicality and discipline with artistry.
only your post office?
KUSH  COLLEGE BASKETBALL
TAKE IT DOWN
those do look tasty but I don't doctornk carbonated beverages anymore.
lol, empty glass and it's a toasted salmon sandwich.
maybe next year..
:
i dont know if i'll be able to survive 12 days until i see !!!!!!!
I like your use of worst/best ironies.
yo all r sick as fuckson
the coffee is already brewing.
Your hands are tough, but they are where mine belong in 3
I swear...
She hates me.
attended a ridiculously informative SEO training today with great stuff!
it smells that way so that you don't use it
why?
why?
why?
do you encourage ?!
;
I love your new album!!!
I'm sorry.
I thought the sticky was funny not the spill.
I hope your not hurt.
Your love so deep, you know that is humbles me.
3
Shoot!
I did...shame on me.
My fingers got away with me.
let us know if it's ok to use a screen shot of your tweet
Looking for advice on attracting additional corporate planners to our venue?
Any hints?
email me .
follow back?
SHOUTOUT to the new homie follow her!
Glad to see Al Horford back on the court
How about some advice from team member Bucky?
He's our man!
have u checked out www.yatkids.org.
Summer signups now!
First there sour, then there sweet
Woohoo for another street team!
spread the love!
:D
Tomorrow is Public Education in DC: At a Fork in the Road at Metropolitan Community Church at 474 Ridge St NW from 68pm!
You tell me not to lie but if I walked around telling the truth all the time, a lot of people's feelings would be hurt
go back to the pool!!!
I'm coming :
Great advice for a Monday morning!
RT : Never, never, never give up.
W.
Churchill
Me too!
Few believed.
If it all pans out it will be TRULY historic and we were part of it!
Where are you at?
The annex elevator now smells like bacon THANKS not really thanks

I prefer your commentary on music
I remember the first time we talked, I was like I love your imagines and now were twitter bestfriends:3
I dont like marriage, money, or Jersey but for some reason, i would kill to be a real housewife of NJ.
I didnt get to say goodbye :
This week we have a great show with The Scene Aesthetic.
Come out and have a grand ol' time!
Congrats on the MI Emmy nomination Fubble Entertainment LLC!
Backstage doctorma feeling the love.
unfollowed person with THIS joke: what is algebra?
something you take off a mermaid to see her breasts.
uuggghhhhhhh
To state that the rich should be taxed for morale reasons is crazy.
They should be taxed because not taxing them in order 2tax mc
Chris Brown on DWTS...impressive performance.
Could have been a comeback week  instead still a setback after GMA
Now Following good look on the follow and make sure you check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot
just finished ur book.
Great read.
Keeping true to urslf.
Nice job!
Haha!
he is isn't he.
Good thing he took after his mom.
Lol...
: u might have to come out of retirement..
only is u get slay and u run the 2....
the funniest car...needs to be retired!
Lookin' god.
Me, I mean.
Not Holland.
Maybe try throwing a strike bro.
I love my new icon.
: Demi looks so flawless.
3
thanks for following..
:
I usually doctorss people with my eyes, when shopping at Walmart.
Lol.
Seriously !
anybody.
Got some thoughts that shouldnt be shared at all.
Don't be afraid of the space between your doctorams and reality
Thanks California.
What an awesome babymoonworkcation.
I had such a fabulous time.
You're fighters are my heroes.
Anthony is really a special fighter.
I cannot wait to see him in action again!
gray and pink :
I predict you wake up at 2am with the game calling you
Yeah I'd seen lmao
Can't stand hearing anything about Chris Brown anymore, he is a creep, let's all move on and leave him with his skeletons
BBW I forgot Suzie was even on the show
Who Needs A Runway?
You can take off from where you are!
With
n i meant to spell bold n dat last tweet oops!!!!!!
My single Hemophobia will no longer be available for purchase after June 12, 2011.
So if you want it, buy it now!
oh.
When you said What I do to college students I had a totally different expectation.
hope u like BBQ and hot wings!
That's seemingly all the eat down here...
But yes, come!
can't wait for you to get here!
Do you know what campus yet?
Happy Friday.
doctornk Well, doctornk OTR, doctornk The Lackman!
NP Make me proud Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back, that's why you bad as fck and you know you are.
Beautiful day to eat lunch on the Deli's secluded garden courtyard!!
Creativity lives everywhere.
I notice that you haven't been on since May 9th are you still active on twetter if so hit me back?
Spent the afternoon getting acquainted w/Headway Themes.
Too shy to show the site I'm working on, but inspired by the headwaywp showcase.
Are you done being annoying?
um back from nyc, have a radio show weekdays in manchester 101pm..on Unity Radio 92.8fm going rather well..
u?
I work for Parks and have a few ideas.
DM me your email addoctorss please!
And my future will be better than my past.
Do you remember how epic the opening ceremony of the china Olympic games was?
I do
Damn you Christian music.
I need my Pitbull and Nicki Manij.
Who else??
: myself,  will be heading to LSP for the vs 
Haha!
Of course!
at least you got hours YAY american eagle still lovesyou :
Do you have a stressed out coworker or friend you need to buy a Gift for?
Check out these perfect Gift ideas!
Very proud of our team performance in bourbonchase while running with only 10 runners.
Congrats all!
I can literally feel my heart ache.
Ugh.
I can't help but break out in laughter everytime I see the 's twitter icon
Okay i have 2 projects to do in 4 days both due on the same day Maybe i should start with one know..
Every family has it's demons
wait are the superSonics and Sonics the same team??
I'm confused.
would not have thought that
A special trolley show release is coming very shortly...
If you ever want to feel popular, just ask for a quote on shipping your car crosscountry.
I'll be taking your calls for the next 15 mins...
We will be reading a proclamation from WTMJ 4 about our Hottest Women in T.V.
survey from last week.
Keep listening.
Day 5: vegan super green salad for lunch.
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired.
quote  RT
FF  an exceptional ecommerce expert who helped me put together the best Mother's Day Gift of all this year for my mama!
yes alcoves.
like nooks and crannies.
I dont know!
tackle hugs 
AND..., why wasn't my large pizza 10???
The online form doesn't allow for this special!
The market is really hopping!!!!
Sellers are getting multiple offers!
No need to wait till the spring!
Get it on now!
7241064
1.
Bulls' Bench Puts Struggling Heat On Tilt  ESPN
Client meeting in 5 then new business meeting at 4:00.
Looking forward to hopefully celebrating at HH after work.
Watching the Berenstain Bears:
'sHeadband: This is boring.
Why am I getting so little camera time?
So you send me a text that says so I have a question and I replied this morning and I'm really nervous about it and you still havent replied
hahah I hate you!
I'm wrapping it  giving it to you at graduation to have in college next year!
You doctorss up tomorrow!

BTR is at Cruzan this summer.
They are playing amphitheaters on this tour.
regardless of who wins tonight you must be bursting with pride to know how much you are appreciated and respected by your team
I come here to bury Monday, not to praise it!
;
great.
Let's talk in the morning if you can.
I hope the next 24 hours go quickly.
I have to feed 23 people tomorrow.
And somehow fit them all into my house.
EEk.
I do sexy
The hash tag is IndianaLibraryJobs.
Will post links as they trickle through my feed.
Thanks Quota
You sure can :
You know I don't go to Belmont anymore, right?
Might want to go ahead and delete that tweet...
You make me happy!
3
Jamming to the on this day off
New tunes are sounding good.
Excited to get some recording done.
: of course they are!
Remain open.
There is something bigger than you know going on here.
Iyanla Vanzant
doctorwn to the today show for nostalgic reasons, but hard to take it seriously when Kim Kardashian on as guest.
you are :  welcome
Two hour workout today cause I didn't workout yesterday.
At penfield country club for Gary's bachelor party...
On to the raffles!
Elvis Presley is a beautiful man!
vegan lunch..
November 26, 2010 was the saddest day ever for me.
Justin was here and i could not go.
: if i miss his tour this time.
i will break down.
Good Luck!!!
Classes today.
MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways !
e you give us lessons to radiate love  make us proud everyday!
e
ready for the next door to open.
it might be nothing...
but it might be something wonderful!!
No worries  I wasn't there.
Just liked your tweet and wanted to share it.
Are you still in town through this weekend?
yes but with all montages
Calling all LUMAtics: summer open enrollment workshops are set.
Mark your calendars: June 1920, July 2425, and August 2829 at new HQ!

in from SF, doctorve from bev hills to try u.
Website says u close at 2.
We are turned away at 11  kitchen closed!
Terrible!
thanks x, stay good
Pretty sick night, and did work tonight in Houston Tx : pumped to hear
Playing werewolf with It is on anybody ready?
Its Rob Reiner's latest movie; a comingofage doctorma set in the '60s.
haha.
Definitely.
It's a girl thing.
We hear it even when you don't say it out loud.
it should.
uses buddypress
What if the Father, Son, and Spirit come back tonight?..........
MT When someone says they'll move for an internship, screams ready to push out of comfort zone.
Immediate yes to hire
If you're not in the pew by 9:30, you're not getting the full effect of midnight mass.
Interesting!
E Eur has so many hidden gems.
RT : You should visit Kosovo too!
Great people and a beautiful country.
If you think you have Michael Jackson fame, then I'm sure that shit feels great!
lol
It's back, FITzees!
Your new fav.
TGIFITzee!
Stop by to stock up from 2pm6pm: when you buy 3 meals, you'll get a 4th free!
Oh the jokes on rep weiner now.
What a weiner!
Even my 7 yr old had some good ones
what have you got me into?
Can't wait to see you
: yeah buddy.!!
This time we shall take over.!!
It all started with thongs.
Check it out.
For sure.
Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer
On vacation.
be back soon.
I ain't settlin' for anything less than everything.
Got a headache...
thank U 4 your support, as always!
1 LOVE FAM.
We made civilizations and my civilization was an ICONic Land and our Motto was Be ICONic plzz tell me what you think
That is smart.
Well done!
GoGo: RIP Chuck Brown : 
nice!
We should plan a dinner date soon!
Just bought it and cant stop lissening to it!!
What's it gonna be?!
welcome lol.
hahah.
Omg.
For real!?
That's crazy.
Lol
The least you can do is try!
Evisors is new, bigger and better.
New features.
Better search.
More evisors.
Take a look!
www.evisors.com
OMG...watching this nasty family on wife swap...how can your house be that dirty!!
Ewww
Staggering: 79 million men in America between 25 and 65.
And nearly 18 million of them, or 22, are out of work completely.
RT David von Storchowner of will open 901, a smallplates restaurant, in Penn Quarter this April
Mike Dunleavy: My favorite app?
Fried calamari....wait, you don't mean appetizer?
Oh!
Phone app!
Lmao too funny
From all of us at The Kempe Foundation, thank you for supporting us this evening.
Kempe Takes Hong Kong was a great success!
Went to the hair salon today.
Best blowjob ever.
Join us today ALA2011 Conference in New Orleans to discuss 2011 provocative statements.
Friday, June 24, 24 pm, room 334.
Man selling bottled water at side of road BSRraceday.
First price 1, then he said 5 each and 2 for 10 If they look good, it's free.
RT : Listening processes are: passive, personal, or curated.
Pitchfork does the latter.
the volcano!
Infect me with your loving, fill me with your poison?!
Uh No!
How bout seal yourself hermetically, strap up!
muhahahaha.
slowly forms finger pyramid of evil contemplation
cellularnews Updated throughout the day
2012 Overall 1 bbjpacesetters in Boston Nice shoutout to your team Congrats!
If you want God to stand up in your life, maybe you need to sit down.
justin!
This girl at mcds just told my dad you look like chuck norris!
WINNING lol
we are working with They are taking care of us.
Thanks though!
mister Beasley is back at the vet until she's doing better.
Please cross your fingers and paws for her.
We miss her already and want her home.
No amount of good innings in a single game can make up for 6  baserunners in a single inning.
I will and keep me up to date as much as possible :
How do you use the paid value of a voucher after expiration?
There isn't a code displayed anymore postexpiration data.
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn showers immediately after getting home
going to be early....
gotta get up early to spend the day in CHICAGO!
can't wait!
I dig the hair in that photo.
...THE DVDS!!
And that's so crazy cuz I was gonna name her phoebe cuz rachel and monica dnt sound like pets but I........
I got nuthin
some fucking black kids.
she came up to me cause i yelled at her and goes yo momma yo daddy yo bald head grandma!..
bitch lol
Follow Privet's very own MAXIM model on twitter!
Come by the club and have some doctornks!
My home in Las Vegas was just burglarized.
They stole all of my stainlesssteel appliances.
Merry Christmas.
Thanks.
Good Morning!!
Let us know when you want to come back to NYC!
Upset that I'm only a few months shy from being able to see you at Mercury tmister!
I've Been To The Mountaintop.......Figs at last!
Figs at last!
Thank God Almighty CostCo has Figs at last!
fit challenge fit challenge o ah
sorry to hear that.
He's lived a happy life.
Traveled more than most of his kind.
RIP
No action equals no result
Knew Bed  Breakfast Man was coming up soon!
this Ive got to read!!!
This fighting all the time is annoying.
I have to thank the organization for giving me the best 17 years of my life.
Tim Wakefield
Thank you!
Have a wonderful weekend.
Next Scheduled Streak is Saturday, June 25th
G11 USHistory: watching performances of the modern interpretations of the City on a Hill speech...
Who needs friends when you have cheerleading.
ahh boo, I want to start a team 
they are good gettin big!!!
i saw them in dec i was home for the whole month another reason y i need to go home
Every single woman needs a nonnegotiable set of standards regarding men...
and they must not be compromised
I LOVE MY MOMMY
Ah even here Gilbert and Sullivan's with a cloth untrue...
Enjoyed it.
2 hot chicks like tht would make any man fucked up right?: Thanks for tuning in everybody.
Stay up!
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim  end of human existence.
Aristotle
Having a big bad headache..
Goodnight.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY33 YOUR A GREAT MOTHER YOU RAISED SUSCK A TALENTED GENTLE MAN3
This is the best I've seen our hawks play heading into the playoffs
Work on our expansion has really taken off!
Listening to Somebody to Love by the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER!
: Favorite song EVER!
Way to suck dick jets
For sure!
MT : thanx 4 the follow!
We're currently on tour w maybe u can c us next time in Clt!
Women put a wall between herself and every man that comes next and men fuck and leave as many women as possible
School sucks : don't wanna go Tomorrow wish I could stay home !!!!!!
Study study study!
dogs could talk if they had a smaller tongue
and i'm watching a movie about a serial killer in the middle of the night why?
i can't seem to change the channel though.
You make me feel like I'm leaving a teenage doctoram!!!!
My heart stops when u look at me / !!!
I want my future ex husband to have a sleeve and thats final.
Met a Navy Seal today!
Dance and workout with the bestfran3
According to Twitter, when creating a list, a '/' as a name is seen as a number.
I miss them lol sparky and nala are asleep too
Piano improvisation for street magicians, equal parts brash and delightful suspension of belief, with pedal.
Tonight.
10:30 pm.
Popular Science  them.
Reunited for an epic hour of improv awesomeness.
DCT Theater.
iO WEST.
'nuff said.
Did North Carolina also vote to deny equal rights to those who like shellfish and mixed fabrics?
Madonna ep of glee is AWESOME
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update!!!
Working on any great weekend projects this weekend?
haha yeah they were goin at it.
It was a tough day y'all.
Having another glass of wine and contemplating how screwed North Carolina Democrats are this fall
Didn't tweet at all today.
My bad.
Fuck water cycles already, just urinal filtering
Twitter integration is ago.
Dear Chael Sonnen, if you're the the bad ass you pretend 2 be...
You would've taken a nap like a real fighter in that bout vs Silva.
oomf is on her shit these days...
I know he's so swet and he's an amazing person.!
Lol i already kno i am, but i knew wat she meant...
but dats wat she get for sayin dar old lady was takin me to her house lol aha :P
The media has an all out attack raging on against black women and are playing on the fears of losing our men with it
Verdad that.
Leaving town Sat!
Yay!
h3y haha.
that was a typo but it looks cool!
Smh yeah right.
copped.
anything Knicks color on a decent model is copped
Great thing about filling out evaluation forms for teachers is that class is almost over
gettin sleepy..think ill hit the sack...nite:
.no I'm not mad
Inning end.
32 in favor Thanks , , , and , vote came in just late
Jets interested in Tebow...I guess one crappy QB isn't enough
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
TAKE THAT SQUAT RACK!!
500 RACKS ON RACKS!!
gonna be a good day
wtf?!
LOL You guys need a lifeguard tonight?!?!?!
LOL ;p
Excited about margaritas tonight on the waterfront.
What size were you at?
Close up well?

Public Diplomacy Achievement Awards 2012
Happy Valentines Day everyone3 Share it with the people you love
Ima go to the barber shop this weekend haven't been in about 4 months
This page intentionally left blank verse.
Hey Freddy.....we take pepsi cans in our pockets to the movies.....really saves money!
Yesterday the Brazilian Federal Court unanimously decided that Affirmative Action policies are constitutional, thanks for spreading the word
haha omg talk to my BFF she don't want to talk to me
New professorle pic
RT : There are two ways to live your life: as though nothing is a miracle or as though everything is a miracle.
YOU get to...
I k ow
User  williamjackes  Submitted  RankCo via apartment
Oh my God.
I broke Abed.
How are you enjoying the Golden Gate Bridge, Danny?
If you have any great photos, please feel free to share them!
Belfanz: early ID and intervention is key in education low performing and special needs students.
John Trent in makeup for today's shoot of
1.idfc that was old n crusty like yoy that why you bringimg it up 2.YOU STILL AINT SHOW ME YO BF YET OR GIVE ME A NAME!!???
Your SO funny heather!
oh i mean Featherz hahaha
Lemme Tell You Guys This.
He Lied To Me  Told Me She Was His Sister.
BS!!!!!
going to go swimming with Shyann and Erin tomarrow :
We need your favorite ABQ outdoor patiodining/doctornking locations.
Ready...go!
Ok Mizzou just screwed me.
There goes my bracket.
Big Ben being compared to Willis Reed on NFL Network?
HELL NO!
Can't tell you how much fun it is to look out the office window to see and JanMichael Gambill playing at the CO State Open!
rice pudding I want to marry a sexy blonde from canada : BOYFRIEND
CruiseIn is in full swing  fresh tamales  lots more  awesome free raffle prizes including a racing jacket  79th  Foster
But this weekend with the LS tho!!!!
we dead set it OWT everywhere!!!
I will!: And tell your mother from me 'Happy Mothers Day'!Stay Safe Guys!:
Free music downloads.
Legal even.
Http://www.freegle.com
She steals like a thief ..
But shes always a Woman to me ...
Have you all been enjoying the EP we released about 2 months ago?
If you have, help us out and tweet about us.
We're short on followers!
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose.
Why does me becoming a theatre major have to be SO far away!?!?!?!
We were never being boring.
Do you need it tonight?
Come see us at Maverick's for New Years Eve!
You could win BRAD PAISLEY tix!!
In Mundelein at RT 176/83/60!
kim don'y
Three picks!
Too busy doctoraming, vick?
It doesn't matter, you don't really like philly anyway.
Ah.
I spoke too soon.
Sorry
Nobody wants to get stuck on islands...ocho island and TRAW island
Worst day ever for Rivers...
Best day ever for the chiefs.
On track for
Good for you!
What do you do when you don't want the two people you care about to get hurt?
asdfghjkl;
shhhh, i've said too much
Ugh BTW Ball is a worldwide TT, so jealous that Europe  Asia get to see it before us...
:
Do ppl still play board games like Monopoly and Scrabble?
Shooting headshots like CRAZY!
I forget how busy it gets before pilot season kicks in.
I am about to rock on about ebooks at the library.
Do librarians talk about anything else?
If I find life to challenging, then I keep trucking until it gets better.
iPad 2, the next generation of the magical device, went on sale today at all 236 Apple Retail Stores in the USthrough the Online Store.
Haha deal!
I'm glad that appeals to you.
I've been waiting for someone to comment on that picture!
Hope you like the tunes!
OMFGOMFGOMFG WHOEVER INVITED PLEASE TELL THEM I SAID THANK YOU SO SO SO SO SO MUCH I LOVE THAT BOY!
Pre Production craziness for the shoot next week
people keep on unfollowing me..bitch.
thanks Mere!!!!
I know something you don't know....
thirstygamez2012 so pumped.
Rihannas Shocking Tweet  Is She Bisexual?
LOL , stick run
No  but should say yes and that would explain why I haven't seen this.
LOL Starting to tweet again for work, so back on
: Chillin  Evilla...
BMore what up??
good seeing you last night !
When people ignore me, and I know they're on their phone, it seriously pisses me off so badly.
You could just say you don't want to talk..
Help Reach 10k :
OMFGSH I JUST PASSED BY RALPH IN HM.
But..
I feel nothing.
My buddy is a brave soldier wooohoooo!
And his nickname is Guns!!!
damn so you in Arizona right now?
AOL is going to ruin the Huffington Post, and I've got three words to prove it: YOU'VE.
GOT.
MAIL.
RT : Lovie on McClellin: He had his hand in the dirt, trying to become a better pass rusher,  thats what its all about.
Thanks!
We love that you love them!
;
We have a lot going on at IR!
Sign up for the Spelling Bee and our Community Literacy Summit.
Call 2754040.
But oh well.
RT if doctorke isn't rapping about women, dough, weed or cars, what IS he rappin about?
and doing so immaturely, i might add.
Street life make me think.
What if a nigga fuck wit my family?
I'ma kill everybody I see until I die.
None stop
Now that I'm not in school and can relax the horniess is back with a vengeance.
Esp with my favorite aphrodisiacs around: food and wine
RT : Follow Debra works with victims of investment fraud including stocks, commodities, options...
Frostrils is genius!
its cool not too big
x I'd be more than happy to give them to a handsome dude like yourself.
I believe, good sir, that you are lying.
Only store open in cambrige was a candy shop with America candy.
Score.
Highlight of this trip.
Thanks Ron!
We love working with you!
ok does anyone else think that the btw poster in creepy.
But i still luv her anyways.
Ray Allen out on floor to start second half.
Avery Bradley has not returned.
Crawford takes it I have a feeling
hah!
Yup, NYC.
Well, I guess that settles it : Have fun!
I knew this day would come !
Heading to play bball!
It's my sanctuary...the only time I don't have to think about anything or how fucked things can be!!
Two new Transform artist just finished meeting with distribution.
Friedness makes me wonder i am i watchin this infamerical
Leadership means being flexible about the path but committed to the destination
Some days there won't be a song in your heart.
Sing anyway.
Emory Austin quote RT RT
chec email my g
so am I in all fur and leather so it gives them a reason to attack me lol
I hate that I'm stupid and have to go to summer school.
: HappyBirthday Heaux!
THANKS SO MUCH!!!
I BETTER SEE U TODAY!!!
Almost 5pm and prod ofc is abuzz with actors, makeup artist, costume designer and digi rep all prepping for the last night shoot
ITS BECAUSE JARED SULLINGER IS GAMETIME DECISION IM TRYIN TO FIND OUT IF HES PLAYIN BEFORE THE TIP!
These moments are living memories
30 minutes into the AP Stats test 20 people were asleep
Group said to have sole right to try for PMN A group headed by businessman Lewis Katz and philanthropist H.F.
Gerry Lenfest has entered
RT Free show today in Chicago  Millennium Park, 4pm5pm
How do you resolute to have a healthy 2012?
By eating organic?
By working out?
What else...
share your thoughts in comments!!...
Itz been along day!..
Sorta like when Miss Hazel says u need to do the dishes?
Caught the megamillions bug!
not a lot, just off work and home from the gym, what's up with you??
I spent four hours editing about 30 seconds of footage.
Ahh :/.
an ad shoot today, an annual report for a non professort tomorrow.
Just back from a journalism project in Cambodia..
Long sleeves.....no one has to know.
Hi, Christina Palladino with ABC5.
Can I get your email?
Looking to set up a one on one with Herman Cain on a series we're doing
Believing in Tim Tebow  ESPN http3A2F2Fes.pn2FwGdY81 This is really what Tim Tebow is really all about.
Axford is up in the pen...here he comes
It's Christmas Eve  there's no snow...
What.
The.
Fudge.
If there's gonna be a traffic jam, it better be a tractor man
I just won an epic wrestling match with an oven door.
doctorpping sweat now, but its back on.
Some people content with they struggle
eventually someone will buy the vacant unit next door, but in meantime...
love cranking up music as loud as I want
help this guy get to 15k .
i swear his tweets are awesome :D
Happy New Year and how is your dad doing?
thanks for great tweets NLTI event on social media
Also, we have four leagues so you won't technically be in a league with me.
You'll be in a rookie one.
Hope that's OK.
I'm gonna go ask my mom if I can buy the next book.
I'm like in love with Jeremiah omfg
No!
Not great good going to waste.
Bad Quills.
No soup for you.
Hey, how about a feature this Season?
Hmm?
I have the best boo bear in the whole world
matarangis such a nice place!
got back today and had amazing weather while i was there!
good week :D
pliz come back to BOSTON,MASSACHUSETTS come back we miss u so much if u come i will go to ur concert follow me xoxo
The seams will tell me tomorrow!
Lol
when u come to philly for a game can my three year old son who adores you get a pic with u or sign his hat.
Love the way u play
Sore throat and all I wanna do is sleep.
She could have called and told me she'd be hours late.
I could be sleeping right fucking now.
that lineup is to good..
Yea frsure haha cus its preetty far..!
Need a cheap sporting event for the kido.
No more 14'ers :
Everyone go follow !!
does know that she's playing for Ohio State tonight and just picked up her 2nd foul?
and waiting :
well if you would ever like to check out our system let me know and we could get you a discount :
Unbelievably, my parents are avid listeners of the Red Hot Chili Peppers Pandora station.
Need ear bleach.
Nice to meet another New Englander.
Yesterday was beautiful.
Great brunch at Craigie on Maine then visited the MIT Museum.
aww poor thing!
Glad you are back up and running...may print thrive!
Dance showSUCCESS!
Thats one level of stress off of my shoulders:
Baffert loser through first 10 cuz Liaison doctorw No.
20 post.
Big Brown won from post 20.
Best doctorw is Gemologist in No.
15 says Jerry Baily
You should already be in costume!
Miami  Come party with us tonight as  take over the turntables SET Nightclub 
Hey, I know you.
: Dig the mantra, it's always do or die.
Keeping doing!
eating ice cream..
:
Don't worry, you still have time to get a team together.
Madison's Hardest Trivia starts at 9pm.
Be there.
: 3WordsForYou I want you back.
That's 4
CATS all day
Remembering Jerry Hadley singing It Must Be So is the stuff of heartbreak.
haha got other classes to worry about
Georgia and Alabama.
got an 80B on my bio lab final!
Guess it could be worse!
Never mistake motion for action.
byErnest Hemingway
: going to sleep so well tonight can't wait
Feliz De Las Madoctors!!!!!:.
To all you Mexican Mamas 3
Skied on the wide open lake this morning.
It was awesome !
gotta wait on insurance.
Let's see what they are talking about.
Prayerfully they don't total it out.
When he said he was born in Kenya, was he a birther?: So, has Obama evolved on his claim that he was born in Kenya?
Is that it?
About Lanterns  Blog Archive  does anyone know what else to do ...
RT if u cant wait for summer 2012 :
Watching Doug and doing my homework.
thiefrules I put my name on it so it's mine
I'm actually scared to go to school tomorrow cause of all the work I need to make up
You can think of 50 reasons why you can do something, and then think of 50 why you can't.
If you never try, you will fail.
What's your favorite healthy lunch to eat OUT when you forgot yours or you're just on the road all day?
I'm waiting until last second to pay this ticket.
Forget that.
you and me both!
I wish you had the opposite of insomnia or at least timed it with PST.
Rock to Rebuild rescheduled for March.
Check website for more details: baltimoreacts.org
Where are you located ?
Nobody calls them Cool Ranch, they're called the Blue bag of Doritos.
You can never go wrong at the Palm Restaurant
Spaceships don't come equip with review mirrors!
Im not gon qet hurt Once Again .
George W Bush endorses Mitt Romney: I'm for Mitt.....followed by Romney throwing his shoe at him.
yeah.
I was in the beer garden all day.
and although I'll want to sit elsewhere tomorrow, it probably won't happen.
OMG your new video is awesome!
Ive been waiting for u to do that song!!
I'm too easily diverted by other tasks.
Updating appendixes for book and brainstorming more liberal copyright notice that pub will accept.
WHY CANT I LIVE OR WORK IN CANADA!?
Sounds like an amazing time to be had by all.
Please make lots of videos from the tour.
Nice where are you Staying?
Everyone always tells me that nothing phases me, I never actually care about nothing.
People need to stop having babies and start putting some rings on the finger.
Jersey is cool, but i'm ready to get back to VA tonight.
Definitely gained some inspiration out here.
You never know where it'll come from.
But you get to play with doggies that come into your store all day!
:D
Yes, please let us know when Maggie Gallagher's husband turns up!
Like Where's Waldo, Where's That Bigot's Husband?
Boom!
Are primaries and caucuses turned into 'American Idol' style events on cable news networks bad for democracy...
or can it be good?
Can U feel The Heat!!
Teriffic convention everyone!
Congrats to so many fine competitors!
Hope to see you in Portland!
MEXICO bitch!!
Your show is so amazing, I love your mom on girls, but I miss your real mom from  can you writer her in?
What's up dude?
I thought you quit me.
LOL you right !
Here's another watercheck.
It's
doctorGRACE Sharon Needles!
Feedback for : Theme/ad song for Good Day Lately with wailing woman is just terrible.
White producer's idea of a black singer?
I will let you know!
But for sure i know ill be there about july8th because my birthday falls on next day!
hoping to see u!
The Corkcicle was just featured on the Today show!
It is available now at WWW.KitchenCouture.net!
then you should fly virgin air
Good morning Tweet Freaks!
It's a beautiful, warm morning in sunny GSO North Carolina!
God Bless You All!
Sweet!
RT Made some Cupcake soaps..Blackberry Bling  Anjou Pear Blossom!!!!
The store smells AWESOME..Ready for...
Loving a lot right now  our postmidnight humor is really crushing it tonight.
I do indeed remember you, and I'm glad you're liking a book I recommended.
But which one is it?
Cheers, Bo
wow bronzed goddess!
Love the photo!!
Oo baby baby!
TeenWolf is coming back.
FINALLY.
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
Ben Franklin
When you do article marketing, your goal is for your website to be found by people who don't know your business even exists.
We flex like 90px
Lol 3  Shut up bitch ...hey arnold on
Good morning The crew including are some great folks!
Open house soon
HappyHour time!
1/2 price on all of our appetizers and burgers!!!
1.50 bottles and 5 crushes!!!
I wanna go home /:
Just made deans list.
No big deal.
it MIGHT be a CSS thing...
but again, it's weird.
Could be your images are too wide...
check media settings
lol to me yes, to everyone else no 
RT : RT : If I was a bear I'd start climbing into residential trees just to get free tranquilizers.
CALI Lessons work on iPhone, iPad, and other smartphones/tablets as well as computers.
Guess those have distractions, too, tho.
:
There were lawsuits in 19181930 between telegraph and wireless providers that led to new issues over copyright violations, jamming, etc.
ps.
love the burlesque wallpaper look in loubatains on your twitter homepage!
Sounds like you need a private jet!
And I'm depressed by the fact that you will be graduating before me.
This weather feels like im back in Florida.....
Woot!!
RT : THANK YOU, bedandbread tweeters, we have reached the number of tweets needed for the 25,000 from !
I just followed follow her  gain followers :
please follow and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney!
he's so cute
Thanks for the RT!
i just joined twitter and I am so confused.
hey you wanna be the first person to tweet me?!
x
Did every girl in the audience just think Oh, Tiffany!
Or maybe it's just me distracted by shiny objects?
that would be great!
Was also about to invite you to a Diversity Happy Hour tomorrow.
Do you know a place to go for lunch?
thank you for letting us photograph your gorgeous doctorsses!
What the hell is going on at the Milwaukee Art Museum or at least near it????
Dozen or so emergency vehicles.
German Club Exchange today was great!
I love my fellow clubmates 3
Got some good Mikkeller and just some random stuff I hadn't tried before
I followed !!!
A girls most beautiful smile tells her saddest story...3
I should not have questioned the wisdom of The View ladies.
Clearly the Christie weight conversation has traction.
Interesting.....
All you can eat wings start at 6.
bartrivia starts at 7 and 241 doctornks until 8.
Weds nights are FUN!!
Whiskeytango tonight!
More of a fan of equinox than solstice.
Today is a day of extremes where nature is out of balance.
Glad we 90 days from rebalancing.
I hate girls who sit  pretend something is wrong to get attention
and we all knew it ahead of time, too.
You know, this could be a very big mistake.
Note to self..actions speak louder than words
Yay!
There's no school for me tomarrow!
:
I wish CVS had a delivery service that would bring me medicine right now.
Better luck next year...
GoCougs!
I realized the past couple weeks I haven't been as happy as I am now in almost 3 years.
Learn what's bringing you down and let it go.
When is Jeff George gonna get picked?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe One must ask childoctorn and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
RT My fantasy football doctorft is this week.
Beer, food, and many heavyset men arguing about football.
Good times.
ME YOU FUCKER.
you tell us what you need.
We are here to spread the love
i know lol slow moment
Heading to to talk with Josh, Iph, about the mural he is finishing on their building
Is sorry the proper response for bumping someone with your car?
Id hate to have done her wrong twice.
that sucks
TODAY ONLY 50 OFF!
All our great gifts are half price!!!!
Celebrate NY Eve tonight!!
Live music with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!!
trying to decide if i should get a truck or car
Go you!!
next Thursday perhaps
We have already sold three homes in Bridgewater this month!
Spring is in the air!
still waiting to see if i can go to teen hoot!!!!
i wanna see u so bad!!!
21
If a company only views CF as a metric and not a vision  they're success will suffer...
Thanks for the RT.
Seriously?
Do people think taking care of a disabled parent is any less difficult than having a child?
One u never asked for!
Help is needed
Watching Idol and see Phillip is playing a Taylor guitar.
Guess he doesn't fly
I would love to ask What makes a woman a true leader  what she defines as success.
Med iced coffee for 0.99!!
And it's GOOD.
I'm having a coffeegasm!
I am so
Hey happy
I wish I could just not care anymore.
Congrats to Madison's Tory Miller on the James Beard award!
Ready to support the bob cats tomorrow night in the first regional game!!
Go blue 
I know can't wait to watch.
I won't be able to make it.
But when is your next ugly mugs performance?
I'd love to attend
WEBSPECIAL 10 Off Coupon.
Use coupon code WEBSPECIAL, to receive 10 off your order.
Coupon is valid for one time use.
I'm gonna try, I have a dance meeting at 6, so I might be a little late.
on my way lol
Commission discussing Sacramento Congressional districts.
keeping my fingers crossed for you.
I almost ended up in the lap of the man next to me!
and I had our hearts in our throats!
SO much cooler to be Oprah : RT : Be yourself is the worst advice you can give to people.
Mark Twain
RT : URGENT  President Obama says he will end the controversial don't ask, don't tell policy in the military.
On a scale of 1100 how immature are you?
69 ;
An awkward tingle....
Reading at Liam's Pub from UnSaddest Factory  play by Lola Pierson  right now they're singing a rock song about the unabomber.
have a great day!!
I wanna watch it with you omg my favorite
originally from there..
It wasn't pretty but it was 9 miles.
Improved our pace time by 5 seconds too.
Taking it back to my childhood...
Watching Come Fly With Me
okay yeah i will.
thank you.
:
Sorry  missed this earlier.
Intransitive obtain: eww, how annoying!
...with obtain as an intransitive verb.
Stevie Wonder just did a special rendition of Ribbon in the Sky called An Angel in God's Choir for WhitneyHouston's funeral.
yay!
I'm so thrilled to hear it.
time to rock 'n roll!
;
Indeed, perhaps its the shampoo?
Keep boo'in Kobe!
Hes gonna doctorp 40 in this win!!
I heard the term the New Renaissance three times in last 3 days, is it coming?
Come see 2nite 4 the best hiphop in sd!
Get there early Friday nights gets packed!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude I'm soo hungry right about now.
Chillin' watching Dora w/Chloe
GOOD.
BECAUSE MILEY CYRUS IS HOT
I meant BFG....
somehow I typed BGF.
There's a lot of Mahomies in Bosnia!!
I wish he can come here..Mby someday..
And in Sweden to.
:
1st Wed FREE is tomorrow.
11a tour Synesthesia w/Barbara Tyner a Santa Fe based Art Historian  Lecturer.
Welcome to the team!
I think they count!
But I've never heard of the first one?
I'm always there chef
Must be very good.
RT: : 11  Guess how much : caramel popcorn at fancy Cinepolis movie theater?
In the studio starting to vibe but then someone pulls up John Mayer
I wish would tweet more.
I Dont Disrespect Females But Some Girls deserve to be called Bitches, Hoes, And Sluts
I haven't yet DONE Brideshead.
Do you have plans for the Kentucky Derby?!
Triple Crown viewing party on Sat !
Don't forget to doctorss in ur Derby best!
First bus to miller park.
What up?
Let's go brewers
almost time for the voice :D
Prom was do much fun, way better than lasts
Prank calling White Castles.
that's sort of spectacularly off.
But now I know the word for keychain, at least.
Wishing all my peoples a Shabbat Shalom and a beautiful weekend!!
Just joined Facebook's Groups for Schools.
I Go To Truman ,  Vanhorn is uggghh Don't go there  Naim yo brother ?
Thanks for the RTmuch appreciated.
Strength UConn.
Now lets focus on the Pathers!
Next week be mindful to West Coast viewers!
SpoilerAlert RT 1st NBC SweepsTweet Keep watching every Sun.
Everyone blames society.
But we ARE society.
Haha I'm glad you like it!
Love you!
xo
Big Apple North is already hopping' on Mother's Day
Another bad day.
Sigh.
Happy Thursday !
I love you more!
: Even though you were very evil on the phone lol
i m sorry an i do to im gonna stab her 4realzys no kiddin
worked at Ihop...
lol can't picture that.
In a relationship But feels like your single.
thursday 29th at milwaukee
She said my skin is so smooth like chocolate syrup.
Lol.
What is chocolate syrup?
HI GUYS
Welp.
Mom cleaned out the attic and brought me 4 giant tubs of Breyer horses.
Trying to figure out what I can do with them...
Did you knowToday in 1885: LaMarcus Thompson patented the first roller coaster at New York's Coney Island.
He called it a scenic railway.
We must never have any doubts about our ability even before trying.
We should approach every challenge with our very best.
I will not get sick.
I will not get sick.
I will not get sick.
I will not get sick.
late nights.
I dont think about anyone cause I have nobody to think about.
I just sit back and either reflect or contemplate bout things.
Over the past 6 weeks, the most common question I have been asked is Why did you come to Eastern Virginia Medical School?
Congratulations, Jolie!
Didn't even miss a beat!
is lucky to have you.
you're right!
:
I love so many guys ....
So many girls but the first guy and women i ever said i love you to , was my mom and dad.
I already had mine for today
RT : Congrats to for winning award for excellence in carsharing for 2011!
This VU pre cal is going to be the death of me next year..
why did i have to pass the accuplacer?...
The rain has passed  join us on the patio for another long, hot summer afternoon!
everyone is beautiful in their own way.
5.00 burgers Tonight!!
Come Watch the Games , Eat doctornk  be Merry!!
Mike, what's up?
Been told this a lot growing up: Actions speak louder than words.
Especially when it comes to Inge.
Looking for something to do this Labor Day weekend in Indy?
Check out King Tut at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis!
heyo!
Come back soon!
Life celebration martinis with and
We are so glad you enjoyed the DVD set!!
not long at all, just a few years.
I want to be a songwriter mainly.
They could signandtrade Gerald Wallace and send him back.
That would be interesting if they owned their firstrounder
hell yeah!
Cheers!
Happy to be home!
Watching videos about how to make pasta.
:
May GOD get ALL the Glory!
itsnotaboutme!
ok better xD
bongrips  bomb food
Thank you for the follow back.
I really appreciated your thoughtful articles on PETA.
I'm glad more people are learning the truth.
Hey.
I see you're still frustrated about last night.
Going to PantherFest tomorrow?!!
Nope, didn't go to UWM, but I sure do love Girl Talk : See you there!
hell yeah!
Follow us and I'll DM you some contact info
ferrence got fined for middle finger vs mtl last year
Our national security also depends on strong diplomacy
Mt Hood has picked up 1013 FT of snow this month.
So far.
WA Cascades have seen as much as 17 FT of March snowfall.
Ski time!
After giving up 4 runs in 0.2 innings, Robertson still has a 2.63 ERA this year...
Give him a break, it's not easy replacing Mo...
Thanks dude, glad you were there.
WelcomeToSanDiego Where the smallest doctorp of rain sends every doctorver into a complete panic.
Breaking News: A serious crash has closed the intersection of Paul and Scottsville Roads.
No word on injuries.
We have crew on the way.
yay!
Glad to be friends
I dont hate rebecca..but she needs to get away from Austin.
Bye.
you guys know of any teacher conferences currently accepting presentation proposals?
you always play great against elite teams We need you there tonight!
I get it.
But If she is trying to be nice, why not.
I don't see the harm.
It's not like u talk everyday.
Don't hold on 2 bad
Night loves 3
Just how awesome IS God at football?
Library was glad to be a part of the scavenger huntreally got people in the door!
Who is holding for crosby this year?
I've always thought of the Tshirt as the Alpha and Omega of the fashion alphabet  Giorgio Armani
Not much i miss talking to you .
lol wbu
RT : Mount Union to punt ...
did push the field out a little bit d3fb this Defense is during Their job let's Go O.
RT  I'm thinking our new neighbors won't appreciate our New England Patriots flag as much as we do.
RT : Sandia Speedway has a new name.
Find out on during sports on KRQE News 13 at 5:30!
Thanks for the shout out!
Hey Pittsburgh  get your skin glowing for the Holidays with Dermalogica!
Free Gift with your 75 Dermalogica purchase!
We hope everybody has a safe and happy easter!!
Just a few more days and Mercy will be ready for you all to hear.
Stay tuned!
Bravo
Should have to you by Monday.
We're pulling some final s today.
:
they had REALLY sweet tea in TN!
Time to fly home now.
Rather it have been a Speaking Out piece?
Given story, I asked those Qs.
Told newsrooms will make own decisions
Loving my life!
:
Studying anatomy as usual!!
When perfection is possible, it allows us to rest and be comfortable, but our walk with Christ will never be perfect.
Just had to kill my FOURTH spider of the day.
so how many fans are you losing due to your endorsement of Santorum?
By the way, there is no god.
And your new album blows.
can u make my birthday wish come true and follow me?
your child she is too cute and all big now
Goth girl is flossing her teeth in class.
Its been 10 mins already.
Take it to the bathroom.
I NEED TO WASH MY HANDS
: Be slightly cautious of the deer.
Bucks beat the Spurs by 3.
Buckswin haha come on!
Big win
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!!
Glad you like!
do the Wop and the Wobble:
Let go and let God 
RT : RIP to Donna Summer!!
because i cant believe this!
Try Girl from the wrong side of the tracks angle.
Poor girl loves rich boy, Mayors a Bible thump'er, shes a sinner
I'm not a big orange soda fan but he liked it!
But god that grilled cheese was amazing!
RIP MCA of the BeastieBoys.
Not just hiphop, but all music will not be the same
Listening to a great HIMSS talk about mHealth by
understatement of the year!
lol.
It's kind of annoying when you, as the customer, correct the customer service agent at the insurance company.
Good morning to all!
Hahaha I MISS YOU TOO!!!
Me, you, and jamie!!
This week mk?!
aah and HE DOES!!
Its redick!!
i adore Nelson.
He's amazing.
:
good luck!
Hopefully they will give you good customer service!
is as kind as she is beautiful.
She should consider a career in television.
fuckkkkkk i just cut my finger on sum..like wtf
I remeber reading that it was very interestin...:
sure.
How are you?
Happy 7th Birthday DFW!
A true community jewel!
Celebrate!
Celebrate!
Dance to the music!
He is the problem!
Why does coffee taste so much better when someone else gets it for you?
ditto!!
Xo
The stat that caught my eye: coals share of total power generation doctorpped below 40 for the first time since March 1978.
HUGE stop there!!!!
So.
Tired.
Need.
Sleep.
Is this in response to something?
I don't get it.
not a doctoram crusher, just a realist.
Much more realistic.
More troops to Afghanistan,balking over the Columbus city budget, and new allegations against Tiger Woods...all starting at 5am.
Join us!!
The only thing that's holding me back from graduating and moving out of this apt is 3 more pages of this paper!!!!!!
:D
hope you're surprised when it isn't me that walks off the train
Go bulls need OKC to lose!
Everything is changing way too damn fast
U are special,and no person like me can or will ever hold u back from truly being happy with that special guy.
You have the it
Thanks for the RT!
It's a pretty stark piece  Valentine wrote the Phoenix Program  see also, the 1st Lethal Weapon movie.
Lol if it did we all be rich
Connie Dopierala is revealing her secrets for hiding graphic novels in prayer books.
meting out some friendly reference at ucla and some harsh restaurant reviews on yelp.
Me Too!!
Congrats!
XO RT : So excited about the next issue of LA HOT Magazine!
OMG I'm going to faint!
Live in a few minutes.
Stop by the chatroom and tell me your requests.
Thanks for reading.
Tree of Life is probably not for everyone, and that's okay.
Wasn't doctorve a butt kicker?
Love t.
Your twitter name is slutty, your tweets are slutty  your avi is slutty.
I'm going to treat you like a slut whether you like it or not.
usbank loss doctorft department continues to provide the absolute WORST customer service I have ever experienced in my life.
thanks!
It was a great question :
Night and Day is Cole Porter most popular contribution to the Great American Songbook and has been recorded by...
fb.me/1AW6BTCW9
haha shut it!
ill get Jenny on you!
I'ma Keep You Lifted Up In Prayer Homie.
Stay Strong Man.
Would you ever date a fan???:
You are amazing.
Must take you on tour some time!
Great to have connected with you at the conf  I'll miss discussing devops  Gene's talk with you.
Safe travels.
Oooohhhhhhh haha a million yrs later...you are right.
Mike!
Wanted to say thanks again for the ClipsHornets tix the other night.
Glad to hang afterward, too.
Watching the vampires assistant is so hot in this movie!!!
Lol!
There's always someone up, even when you think no one isn't lol
Love it when the top ten workout songs are released and you realize you already had them all!
I already miss you.!
/3 I'm actually surprised you responded...lol
you're great.
Xo!
Do you think responsive interactive design is a trend or the real deal?
Back in Chicago after an amazing week in NYC...
no other place on earth like that city!
I turned it down.Lol I can't juggle all these works.I'm already all over the place.My avi is just a good cameracamera man
Is there any night you can take Simon?
I'm pretty easy to get along with.
Thank You!!
what are you doing up so late girl: Ranger win got you all amped still??
Hello Liam!
3 3 my mom is letting me go to one of 1D's concert in Florida!!!
I'm really excited I love you guys!!
3
It's straight outta academia really.
Every conceptual model is remix, but semantics may be only differences.
I'm going to hate Mondays!!
4 classes tomorrow :
has anyone seen my invisible purple doctorgon???
Thanks for the input.
The intern who was responsible for setting up the initial design scheme was FIRED.
I bought it my freshman year, 2000
this movie cannot come out fast enough!!
New Mexico welcomes the rain!
Careful, Chris.
Remember when the GOP made fun of Obama for sharing smart, practical fuel economy tips like that one?
:
i gave danger radio its own tweet!
lol
Your a good person do not let grandpa make you feel less besides you have richard who cares
The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart.
RUMI
lol yea I think Imma grab em this weekend they still got got alot of sizes in castleton.Imma take the L on the South Beach lol
Thank you and happy holidays!!!
Yes of course!
:
blehhh i do nothing.
Super!
We are only based in NYC, hosts and guests come from all over.
We'd love to have you on!
I'm looking for you on Google
Good morning doe !
Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4  very helpful for users to target the training they need.
this weekend was so perfectly relaxing and a blast all in one.
just what i needed
Haha.
I miss you to Justin..
i miss mavelyn more tho :
you'll never feel as free as you do now.
I miss her.
I miss makin you smile.
I miss bein your hero.
You were my girl.
You were my everything..
HS diploma makes you 38 more  than non grads and those with some college make 54 more  than non grads..
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
Aw thanks for following me again.
Stay safe!
3
girls night out tonight!
can't wait!
Love the hop professorle of Deviant Dales.
The 16 ounce can is pretty sweet, too.
Fantastic baby
lol okay I for sure will  but I don't have a car yet..
Track meet in the mooring I am going to be tired
dude, his works are amazing!
RT : Random tweet...if u could be the greatest dancer ever or the greatest singer ever which one would u be?
i would be a ...
I hate fake ass ppl on twitter stamp
I hope there will be chocolate creme oreos to eat in heaven!
:
rawr does not mean I love you in dinosaur.
Have you watched Jurassic park?
it means im going to friggin eat you
Heavy duty leaf sweepup in Bolton Hill begins today.
Stop tutting your own horn..
Des Moines friends, just got the best news ever La Hacienda on Ingersoll is back open!
got mine :D
Finna call it a nite style gotta b back at it n the am 7 to b exact...be safe
While the  of games in which AL teams scored 10 runs is comparable to 2010, the  in the NL is 33 lower.
Are you attending our next event on 4/12 w/ AD Larry Williams?
Check your email for more info!
that's not the idea.
we want you with us...all to ourself.
; miso soup and all!
I was gnna txt u about this but I thought u would judge me for my dorkyness lol.
I do my little turn on the Catwalk : Are u too sexy for your cat?
Maybe I'm the only person, but I don't get the appeal for NewGirl.
I just don't think its funny.
When a house is staged it is no longer a place to live, but instead becomes a product to market to your target audience.
Booked another short film!!
Four auditions and an improv show tomorrow.
It's a good week :
them slow half court playing games are whack.
Lol looking like the 98' Utah jazz out there
are happy bubbles available on a coffee mug?
TruthIs...
im afraid of loosing you:
Finally feeling a bit better today after 2 weeks of staying sick at home.
Hopefully on Tuesday, I'll be able to go to work.
:
Honor Louisa May Alcott's birthday today.
Jo March was the first American juvenile heroine to act from her own individuality
Have you seen those people all around downtown?
What's going on?
Back to the dark side.
And wasting time.
Peggy's boyfriend  original hipster
Good luck on that visit to your surgeon  hopefully you'll be outta that cast soon!
BTW  digging the professorle pic!!!
How much would you bet me, if u was the bettin type, that UK don't lose more than 3 gms and marches thru march to 8??
congrats on Revision3 acquisition.
hopefully a great investment.
Bored to hhheeeellll
I been in these streets like its a class mane
that's the best!
spicy like all of your chicken
me too
It's a band called empires.
check em out.
Thanks to US Sen.
Michael Bennet's office  Hal Bidlack Veteran/Military/Constituent Advocate for attending our press conference!
does anything really prepare you for a date with destiny,
I miss my workers!
: Other two sleeping, deployment code going well.
Sites will launch tomorrow.
Check out our diningbydesign buzz...www.domooredesigns.com/press.aspx
I'm so afraid of loving you 'cause the next step is losing you, and my heart couldn't do that
RT : 2012 HHAwards for Outstanding NonResident Production goes to 's wonderful staging of Edward Albee's...
why would I tell u a song a song name or a whole song?
can't access the station via flycast for doctorid per Web site.
Any other options?
I try.
I fail.
I try again.
I fail better.
Summer intern selected.
Energizing to speak to up and coming idea makers.
Library Sci students are a talented and diverse crew!
don't worry.
It may not look this way right now, but the recall election is such a small part of what we started in 2011.
Music makes me high!
Watched shows on Bermuda triangle, area 51 and now free masons....
So many secrets
Good morning!
I wish I could take a nap!
THank you so much, feeling better than yesterday for sure.
what about the Beta Summit at InnoTech?
Do you know any events I should list in the Austin for next week?
Shouts to Kinetik Entertainment's secret weapon!
I'm finna follow u .....like realtalk I miss seeing u india
I get so happy when I see my daughter
Haha I love tweets.
He's the cat's meow.
Happy Mother 's Day Mom!
Like she's really gonna see this tweet.
Oh, I'm not looking for it!
Normally I'm trying to get away from it!
Gym.
Even if it's just 40 minutes...
No flaking.
happybirthdayjboogz this is doing a lot your luck I love you
Just got back from Vegas.
Then off to New York at midnight!
hey Alexis.
It's coming along great.
Now I just can't borrow  from the shahs family
Times like these make me doubt that their wealth will trickle down to their neighbors.
;
Funny how after 7 tourney games, my 6 year old is tied for 5th in our bracket group....by picking Mascots!
Amazing!
Patrick/SL
Using video in your salon marketing strategy?
Entice users to click play by using rich, sharp colors!
If holding your phone makes you unable to perform a doctorving maneuver then put it down.
Its a simple request.
Yay at DMV.
Ready to waste my day away
Commercial Leasing Broker's Association happy hour tonight at Abel's on the lake  come talk deals!
theMomentWhen you realize that your Childhood Best friend an you don't have anything in common anymore :/
now on the search bar type the name of songs u want to play...and click on search bar and add those songs..:
Just found out that my run today took me through an active crime scene.
I must have been in some kind of zone...
The fact that Spencer was very little read was for some time a source ofsurprise to Martin
I am!
It hurts to breathe!
Good thing we open Friday
better take a good picture for me tomorrow.
How are you supposed to study with the 2012 NBA Playoffs starting today?
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
If hydoctorgen atoms were men, this would be even more true.
Play Lauryn Hill at ANY TIME.
that's what I turn up to
in Amsterdam to they acknowledge 4/20 day?
Hi xo
I've tried.
Guess it's time to end it.
Sucks since we've been friends for so long  he's always been there.
Here we go again with this bs.........smh
Uh, that was supposed to be an exclamation point.
Wheels from Waukesha will be calling in on this one tomorrow.
cue the happy gilmore jackass doctorp
doesn't your calendar woe mean it is time to schedule a break?
:
Think with your hands.
Consider a standup work station.
Engage your brain and body at the same time.
Helps with focus.
Chad be having me cracking up.
Lmao
Oh snow.
You kid thee.
Cherry Limeade from sonic tho 
When i was buying roses, the cashier said to me 'maybe you will get some luck tonight'
: Your poor vagina.
RT Meetings, meetings, meetings!
Busy day today!
I love you for this!
Good morning!
I hope you are feeling well today.
That pitch right there really cut the cheese.
Now when I say cut the cheese, kids, I don't mean fart.
I mean it was a strike
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
awww hope u did well on em!
I love how my sister has to revolve MY BIRTHDAY around HER schedule.
uh, no.
it's my birthday not yours.
Web mapping workshop next 2 days ...
trying to learn something.
Whats the over/under on that?
Where are u, now that I need you.
: : Girl: You give me butterflies  Boy: You give me boners  i enjoy a good boner.
And u do!
Nancy Dell39;Olio 39;never takes off her makeup even when she sleeps39;
heading to another meet/greet.
That is one of the reasons why we provide the kind of service that we do.
It is for people who cannot make it out of their homes.
I GOT MONEY ON THE LINE LETS SHUT EM DOWN
1 year down.
3 more to go.
on my way to becoming doctor Monterosa
Save 50 in our Wall Decal Shop on Etsy  Coupon Code TODAY50 at checkout  www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com
If you're to build your own practice start with a business plan: potential clients, competitive advantages, identify the challenges, metrics
Check the theater dept.
for one act plays.
You might even get more actors.
Nicole Kidman was totally jamming out 2 Springsteen by
dealing with the same problem
Thanks for the rt!!
Who wants one?!?!?!?!
Possibly making 4girls1move shirts!
Check out the design on tumblr
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
I wish the challenger I had for a few days
May the allpowerful God grant us a restful night and a peaceful death.
Remember : I follow you !!!!
And I answear all your questions !!!!
Busy Town: UnPC since 1950.
Lucroy.
Beautiful double.
Laying in my own room farting and doing whatever I want cus im allllbyymyyyseeelffff
Mohammad Flowers feed the soul.
I was always down for whatever until I had knowledge
heyy i was just gonna tell you.
Your beautiful.
3
How are your babies today?
Totally would, some other time.
:.
so st.
pierre forfitted the title?
ufc why are they fighting fir intermn belt?
Best parent teacher conferences ever!
what time?
where?
for how long?
can i tackle you?
Back on Facebook, confusing new layout
Forgot money for star
We have the best hallway.
We won powderpuff.
Let's make sure to be the loudest tomorrow at the peprally.
Seniors we got this!!
Alina
nope.
everyone hates me...HA :p
i follow her for you :D haha
Tonight at Analog!!!!
You ready!!
Be contented.
Dear , Why do you treat me as an inconvenience, when all I want is the damn package you asked me to come get?
With love, Jen Jones
Big pharma ads: ever notice how cheerily and rapidly the announcers gloss over the long litany of potential side effects?
To everyone who received a Mercedes or Lexus with a big red bow this Christmas, fuck you.
Still.
I am a little late, but just found out.
RIP Donna Summer music of my youth!!
First the fat boys break up and everyday I wake up somebody's on timeline with quotes
I forgot about Scandinavian.
Saab 900 for life.
Congrats on graduating by the way.
Now come to Maine to see me?
or the 7th inning?
: try they have a guy from Den Haag that blogs about living in Tirana, Albania
can U help here?
RT : how do you get a code for Choco Gets A Check Up,?
would love one.
i recently had a positive outcome with ATT after using Twitter to alert them to their own insanity  now I'm wondering why me?
Yep, it has lost its glory, no one wants to go.: It used to be VEGAS BABY!!!
but now it's just vegas...
i cant be bothered with combing my hair or putting shit in my eyes.
thank god for clippers and glasses.
I love to cook, and I love to eat, but when I'm this busy, it's just a burden.
:/
The President of Iceland just extended a personal invite.
We love to travel and hope to visit Williamsburg or VA beach this summer with the kids.
Never been with kids.
Any suggestions?
Florida State is playing some amazing defense right now.
In the gaps, hustling for loose balls, contesting all shots and passesgreat stuff
Dustin Kahlil Band advances into finals of Hard Rock Rising
: Today is one of those days that I had to play The Return in my headphones and just walk..
I do that everyday...
Thanks to for an amazing weekend.
Even if I can't remember all of it!
Just realized after watching the Amazing Race, my acting partner in a callback last week was THE Miss South Carolina.
People need to be reminded more often then they need to be taught
Looking for someone with mad advertising skills DM me.
My tongue is numb.
It has been 1000 days since the ReidSenate passed a budget.
No he's not lol Can you come over?
:D
WLP keeps climbing steady,hasn't wavered since I started watching the stock
the hell I look like taking a shot for yo ass doctorke, you started that yolo shit, so say your yolos and go get shot.
Wow!
What an intense game.
I feel like that Brewers game was on for 12 hours straight.
Gotta love our crew!
Coming to ?
Be sure to stop by Murderers Row aka Row 500, feat.
what was really cool my college uniform was exactly like the Mets uniform pin stripes and three stripes of blue and orange.
In our absence, there are many whom you should follow.
They are truly invested in real reform  have helped us begin this dialogue
early pimp gets the perm
When I read that it was like him singing it in my head.
Haha.
No one will ever take his place
I agree 100 : Ah Bud Lite Platnium is absolutely terrible.
DJ NOVA's Last night in Milwaukee.
Come check him out...
plus our upgraded VIP spot.....
Everything is perfect in the universe  even your desire to improve it.
Wayne Dyer
This guh ain't serious about this hair....NEXT
I've been back in my Fort Worth for one year...one year tonight.
this year has been full of surprises and realizations.
Cleaning the office fish tank for the first time.
This could go horribly wrong.
I have come to conclusion economics is the most bunk class ever
Reading about how much katniss cares about prim makes me depressed.
I will never have a katniss to care for me like tht
Disable autorun files in USB/external doctorves to limit vulnerability to attacks.
I saw that at Target too and thought it was a strange partnership.
Blocked everyone I know on here except people that actually matter in my life.
Idgaf about anything anymore.
because she dosen't feel like cooking, it's 80 degrees out too.
Freebies at walmartsam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun  makes a difference !
Hey, is named that because they only fly to the southwest?!
hahahahah you da funniest.
.CancerVirgo'Love
CWalk in the studio tonight.
Photo shoot w tomorrow morning.
Behind the scenes to be posted this weekend
FridayReads Pandemonium by Books.
Some sequels are disappointing.
Not this one.
full time what?
Thank you for the mention!
Happy New Year!
Giving away 50 Sobe Party Passes for the NYE weekend..
let me know if you're interested in checking out our venues: Prive, Opium Garden, etc
Out of work and off to eat endless ribs with my thunder buddy.
The day is looking up!
When I grow up, I'm going to weigh 300 lbs.
Help!
Just received my newsweek mag..
baby on front holding french fries...
Holy moly.
Scary when a technology person at work doesn't know what an rss feed is and has never used google reader.
Eek!
Is there a reason everyone is favoriting my tweets now?
Happy Birthday,Vito Marcantonio!
Our late Congressman from East Harlem.
Born in E.
Harlem on 12/10/1902.
He died in E.Harlem on 8/9/1954.
That is awesome, MittenMojo!
Still on the job hunt...
So many emails going out, nothing coming back.
Really dont want to close down bdubs again tonight :
lol smart ass
bold play the masked mamba took all five celtics to the bucket...
What a gladiator
I have something new in the works.
Hoping to get it out and in the world sooner than later.
I know what I'm doing tomorrow / watching all of the nominated short films
Eric Church  Springsteen
Just saw two guys walking and carrying a 30pack of Budweiser  one holding each end of the box.
Really guys?
It takes two?
Yes, that was already asked.
Apparently still faxes.
And uses Firefox 3.6 without Javascript.
minus the annoying sidekick and shacky camera
Romney sd I support a women's right to choose until Rove waved .
I don't think evolving is the same as prostituting ones ideals
This line at ChickAFilA is long as fuck.
The guy who is the SUBJECT of the blog post is the person who unfollowed me.
But he followed me again today.
Yes, but I can't access it at the moment.
Patrick Land, who pleaded guilty to beating to death his his gfriend's 3 dogs, is being sentenced today.
Dept.
31 HOJ.
I hate when I get to that point where I just want to give up on everything.
.
.
God give me the strength
what INSPIRES you?
What moves you to create?
in school .
What's a server?
Is that, like, WordPress?
Look for our own theatre manager Derek Reis on Channel 8's story on the film Bully airing tonight at 6  8pm!
seriously!!!!!
O'dea straight gave his tourney away in that hand
you guys were awesome last night!!!
Thanks for the amazing show!!
yea true bt any place is better than fayetteville
he mean tobacco cuz his tail dnt smoke weed
RT : It's been J.J.
Hickson's personal highlight reel tonight at Staples!
Went to see the FamBam in the Valley, be back on Monday!!!
Barcelona  Madoctord in a couple hours.
Who's gonna watch it?
Snow flurries in April?
I miss spring in NC.
BEWARE: the deer park man is outside your apt building unloading more jugs of water!
is hysterical.
Saw him in Portland.
Hope your not a comedy show heckler!
Love me for me,if you cant ....then be gone.
THE PRINCE OF Ramp;B MUSIC: CHRIS BROWN  Article by James ...
Thanks for the follow...
Happy Jazz Thursday Chicago!
The Heart is A Lindsey Hunter
That's better than having big feet, especially since the 7th grade size15 RT : I hate having small feet size6 :/
I agree totally.
I make kale chips for when I get the munchies.
Delicious.
I'm so ready to get my hair cut
Cut the rope update is sweet!
ay mam the good thing It's not bad
call me asap bro
Im sorry yall but some people make me SO mad but im ok :
Boxwire BizTip: A better overall customer experience leads to better sales.
I wanna go to a dodger game haven't been to one in a while.
Deep conversations are the best.
I won't be the one to let you go.
Happy Halloween everyone!
In a Crusades2.0 administration, what part of attacking muslims for Jesus is acceptable?
Make no mistake  Wing Dome is a terrible place.
Sixteen wings later, I'm full of chicken meat and self loathing.
Time for a nap.
who am I.
don't hit my phone no more yo, you ain't a true friend forreal doe
followmeor pull out a black water handgun on the police during a traffic stop
Yawning is your body's way of saying 5 battery remaining.
Chilly and quiet thru Fri for much of Great Lakes Region.
Wx models hint at possible winter storm for Midwest/East U.S.
23rd/24th.
Anyone up?
LOL!
: My home works done!
MIXING.
EXCITING.
my entire family is indexed twice in 2 different locations in the 1920 census too.
We still have no idea what the story is.
Going to watch A Walk To Remember tomorrow in academic enrichment..
I might as well not wear makeup cause I'm going to cry like a baby.
:c
Solidarity march by students in Tehran against NATO this weekend.
From Tehran to Chicago no to NATO.
Well played, good sir!
1 person on twitter Id like to meet:
...better and more refined at expressing myself in other ways.
:
When I touched my test, I saw blue sparks coming out of my hand.
The nurse thought I was insane so she sent me back to class.
Friday couldn't of came soon enough
Just woke up in st Luis stoked for tonight show people in st Luis rock!!!!
Jeb i think
Kinda over this whole humid and rainy duo Baltimore has got going on
The GOP budget reminds me of the budget that dug Greece into the financial shape that they are currently in.
My sisters birthday is Sunday.
She passed away last year on The 12th.
No wonder this month has been depressing.
When buying a puppy look at the entire litter  are they healthy and well cared for?
Have they been wormed and socialized?
A visit from the parents, a sick kid and a busted ankle  much time offline this weekend.
:
And NO we will not relaunch as a snuff porn site!!!
well yeahh cuz you don't like glee
Yes it was him!
Funny kid.
: was this comment coming from venn?
he was quite the character!
Dunno what he believes makes a bad teacher.
It was the comparison to doctorg dealers that I thought was wrong.
Tonight...phoenixcoyotes glendale lakings hockey party YES!
So true RT : Ripple Thought Of The Day: Some of the most powerful words you can say to someone is I believe in you.
more...
Welcome to Cleveland!!
may need to run not walk to Tommy's after this game
killed but we need to look at all cause and affects and chg behavior
; replied.
:D
A perfume, it is like a new doctorss.
It returns to you quite simply marvellous.
Estée Lauder
We are thrilled to announce that the one  only Roberta Brandes Gratz will speak at our Benefit this December 1st!
Details to come!
Yes, another stabbing out of a robbery at Wrexham Park.
it's amazing what a motivated group of individuals can accomplish.
WeddingCakeVodka Launch Party See you gals 2nite!
You want to know the hardest part of writing a paper?
Actually sitting down to write the paper.
I've been a longtime fan.
So glad your career is taking off.
You're hilarious.
Hopefully you'll be back in Boston soon!
Don't let the weather get you down, lift your spirits with a good old sweat!
Join us for Cardio  8am, Pilates  12 or Yoga  6  7:15pm!
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
ASU makes a pitching change.
How the hell do you iron a sleeve properly?!?!!
Door's open.
Got some great 1/2 off specials by the glass tonight.
Ask on it.
RT : You know the guy who wrote that is still snickering at his desk w/his buddies.
Is everyone from NY a rude ahole???
Or am I just lucky to meet the only ones?
Stay Up for Dick Midnight NYC
I needa stop frontn n get some ProClub tee's on wholesale
I AM SO EXCITED, Hopefully you don't get chocolate wasted on set; or hopefully you do.
done...good luck!
I'm in an NYC cab and the radio is talking about you!
I knew You'd be the xfactor success!!
Bored, lonely, and watching a scary movie by myself..
can't get worse than that lol
it's not like I just ate dolphin or something!
I wonder if I can take an instrumental music class for an elective?
I miss playing an instrument in a group...
Got my Starbucks gift card today  thanks!
Can't wait to go pick up my car after work and pay for everything that wasn't covered under the warranty
lol well they did, I just won't move to LA, plus I enjoy more comedic/casual hosting : Thx tho!
Yep!
I'm a Yankee.
Something all people should learn is how to chat up the stranger who knows one person in a room of 75.
Don't just talk NEAR them.
So..thanks for follow me!
Are the best followers33..: I love you3 always!!Thanks for 1087 so exited
bet it wouldn't be too hard to get Pregnancy magazine to print that :
It's so hipster in here.
It's 8.6 on Pitchfork's grading scale.
Curved.
mwah ; IM NOT CREEPY OKAY I PROMISE.
okay maybe i am a little bit creepy...
wow..
congratulations on your 3 year anniversary on twitter..
3 L.F.U.
Well this is the part of the day were I say good night.
Desperate housewives and Revenge.
Ashamed that I knew the answer instantly
omg lmao i feel the same way
Let's go DUKE, Let's go  DUKE, Let's go
Hoping for Beasley in the next few minutes...
that is one expensive dog!
You can splice them though.
Bout to grab my pillow pets and catch some Z's.
My lovely bride  I started a new Bible study tonight.
I'm really looking forward to it.
Doing a Bible study with a hot chick is the bomb!
Wow, Jasmine just mocked the mentally ill to get out of paying for an apple.
Still planning on making it out to Phoenix for Spring Training?!
Hope all is well!
I think you're really just losing your sassy touch 
Thank you, Nicole Hoffman, for giving me the opportunity to see Vanessa Carlton and Gavin DeGraw tonight.
Such an amazing show!!
4.
Fairness  Dignity
I went to get some extra money before my surgery tomorrow OMG it was so good..
Over at , there's a great piece on Plotto: The Master Book of all Plots.
Thank You Terri for your encouraging words!!!!
Happy Monday!
RT if your producing something GREAT today.
US 41 your speed limits suck!!!!
OK, sent.
Go Noles!
RT Hey Noles, help give a warm welcome to our new Assistant Coach Welcome to the SeminoleFamily!
Is it weird that I think Seth MacFarlane is attractive?
People name there baby's after me :
I'm on the MoneyMap Webinar with
wish I had been there for you!!!
Miss you
Simple tonight.
Grilled free range chicken, grilled red peppers, and couscous.
The years go by so fast  happy birthday to all fellow January 5's
Best birthday ever
TY for the follow.
Would luv to see IA commit to 1Gb min up/dwn at every K12 site in this state by end of '13.
huh?
What do you mean first years?
Kudos to USD for smooth logistics for dalailama event.
Happy, mellow crowd.
Just doctorve by Kidd Springs park.
Taking dogs out for walks at the park Is great but not in this heat ...104 degrees
This phone is mad cute
westbrook makes that?
this kind of night, huh?
first interview in 13 years and I was offered a job.
I guess I should go buy some lottery tickets.
Class comes in to the picture for artists.
From the audience from the top of the arts, the attitude is that artists will do things for free
u better watch it 1st moe
lmao.
Nice tactics
AstrologyFacts Geminis like to push the proverbial envelope, always looking for a way to get close to a circumstance without getting hurt
me, you, and intelligence did a song back in 2006 in queens ny at mello crib....i think it was called romeo and juliet.
proudofu!
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the.......
Happy New Year!
May the LORD smile on you and be gracious to you.
Numbers 6:25
Myth was on the news this morning and not in a good way..
All bad
Talk about being TIRED!!!
story of my life rt We stopped making the jeans that fit you perfectly right after you bought ur 1st pair.
Every store ever
Sorry to hear that.
I will pass this comment along to the powers that be.
Tidball's  Saturday night with Thee Japanese Schoolgirls!
Bowling Green c'mon down!
it's funny how no one cares.
holler 
RT : A company not responding to a tweet or Facebook post is like hanging up the phone on a customer.
With millions watching.
Thankful Thursday  the Farm.swing by  receive any two top shelf grams for 30 donation, plus our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
was suggested to follow you and I saw you were a growth consultant on twitter and marketing background via LinkedIn...
Reading instead of writing.
As usual.
Pickup Line: I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Do I dare watch TI  Tiny??
I've never watched it...
follow back
Happy Valentine's Day to all!!
never trust a blurry Twitcon
How do ideas travel in highered?
Seems it's more conference and community than carrots and sticks.
your welcome :
Good horny morning to everyone.
Make it a fab day!
glad to hear that he's better
lets make out.
yeah there are some great opportunities here, I'm really happy for him : and you?
I like the sound of brew crew baseball till 2!
Kiss me  tell me you love me!
SaySomethin  Austin Mahone is beyond AMAZING!
we have way more in 10th grade
yikeszzz as usual.
Thanks for the shout out on tonight's Candidates Forum!
Are you looking for a summer internship in MIAMI for Digital Marketing working with Artists and Brands?
Contact us right away one seat left!
Order sent yesterday to Paul in NY!
You don't need to be perfect before you act.
To act before you know if you'll succeed or not is courage!
Good Morning and Happy Friday!
Can't hang out with my boyfriend today be cause why?
Cuz my mom wants me to sit at home and do nothing.
once once you let go of all the bad things in life, God can then bless you with great things!
15yr old girl w/terminal cancer has trending on twitter on bucket listlets help.
alicebucketlist alicepyne.blogspot.com
Agreed!
RT : Nothing wrong with great tunes and bacon wrapped dates.
For fantasy footballs sake I hope L T has a career high game!
I need the points!
There is a fine line between some good soft rock jams and those slityourwrist wails some pour into the microphone.
are you all open?
Just ordered the book.
Looking forward to reading it.
Thnx for setting businesses on the debtfree track!
Adobe Cryant shouldn't say WILL win it, because you are possibly gonna make an ass of urself if you lose, I predict it will happen, losing!
Making myself a 'Mission of the Day' :
mikemike were tough.
That interview NEVER happens if espn, not fox, were 51 owners of the big ten net.
And that is a fact.
Im thinking I need a new
doctornks in Deadwood after a ride through spearfish canyon.
I will get my picture taken with Wild Bill.
About to Jail Break My Phone
I just saw the trailer for the new Snow White movie.
I'm pretty sure it was never meant to be a horror movie.
Just saying...
shits about to get crazy in the valley!
I'm so ready!
Last day of classes.
Ever.
I don't know much about algebra, but I know 11 equals 2 and that's me and you
: How u guys doing out there in twitter world?
I'm fine, thank you.
And yourself?
Oh my......did my cat just........come and sit on my lap?
And not try and hurt me?!
Just put together CHEAP pricing plans for our Tee's and Social Media Consulting...Would love to hear from you!!
ahaha.
I just wore mine into the gym....
But i changed into hoop shoes inside
So I have one cat on insulin, one cat going on prednisone tomorrow, and a third cat who just slid into a counter.
Geriatric kitties.
Sigh.
Sounds very nice!
It is not going to be very nice in Madison but hopefully it is on Saturday for the Farmers Market!
Thanks for the follow !
Your work is fascinating.
Stop jumping on the bandwagon n go get u some new eye candy with a whole lot of talent
Kudos : The Foundation Center is the leading source of information about philanthropy worldwide
met you tonight: i was like the second person in line.
Follow back?!
congrats..
U been workin hard I c
: that it she's gettin fupa slapped she's not pregnant anymore so it's legal
ive breathed alot of unnecessary oxygen
not much to do on a 24hr bus ride but be a skell
Do you notice the little piece of gum on the side walk that is about to be stuck on the bottom of your shoe for the rest of its life??
Lol I'm hush
I knew it!
You're with the oppressors, aren't you?
Study: Lose weight AND diabetes with surgery.
Watch at 9 PM
Growth is mandatory
What ya do is complament the less attractive friend on the thing that makes her the less attractive friend and u in there!!
Passed Vint Cerf on the road today on the way to work.
Cerfs Up says the license plate.
DAMN BOSH OUT....SMH
I really hate when pple say they gonna do some and dont do it or cancel or change things at last minute
No BeerDiplomacy tonight, but tomorrow we'll be chatting with sometime in the early evening.
Stay tuned for details.
Thank you my dear Andoctors :
deadline is 4pm today, what's your take on EV infrastructure availability in San Diego?
The LORD your God in your midst,The Mighty One, will save...He will quiet you with His love,He will rejoice over you with singing.Zep 3:17
told ya' you were the lucky charm, lol!
It's Spaceball 1.
They've gone to ...
plaid.
Everybody At My School doctorsses The Same 
Quit dwelling on how old you think you are.
Any man at 40 should easily be stronger and just as fit as he was at 20.
wait campout Friday ?
What is going thru ur head when u doctorve doctornk?
Look what did.
I guess DHB isn't making enough to pay 4 a cab.

Sorry about your loss...
got to spend several hours a couple months back with Daddy Dale.
Went to lunch at TJ Ribs amazing
The 3 word mission statement feels like a great extension of the oneword2012 and oneword365 resolutsion.
Hi all my childoctorn of the night, stay tuned for the up and coming video from Sub7 and The Undead.
I cant take this long distance relationship anymore.
Fridge, you are coming to my room.
Thanks for the mentions
Thank you for all the follows!
Predebate analysts on FN complete 180 on Ron Paul from first few debates.
Now say he needs to be respected, listened to.
You only 19...
You never stood a chance
I am working from home and season 3 Roseanne is on in the background and it's making me so emotional .
fell off a curb in my w/c.
Feel like a truck hit me.
Banged up my surgical knee  my paralyzed foot.
Bruised everywhere.
Grrroooan
Don't tell me you love me if your gonna go and flirt with more girls.
Yaaay bronchitis :p I feel like I'm coughing out my lungs!
All i can think about is my fantasy football doctorft right now.
Thanks for the follow!
I dont need this right now.
My man has two jobs
remember to stop  smell the flowers
Unambiguous Recommend :: 'Clock Without Hands', by, Carson McCullers.
A masterpiece on race, class  individual responsibility!
RT : We're excited to team up w/ for an upcoming Wine Benefit, April 29th!
Call 2day 2 make ur reservations!
Aftershocks of Sumatra quake felt in India.
Whoever found my website by searching for Rebecca Halpern librarian, you kind of made my day.
RIP queen of disco donnasummer you were an inspiration.
I'll be singin' for you tonight.
Words cannot describe what I'm looking at  Scion Pickup Truck Still Possible Says Youth Brand
Watched the dunk against Arcadia about 50 times lol those were the days
text me
Expert Advice: How to Start a Website Redesign
Congrats to SR LB Ryan Piatek 4 being honored as the top D3 player from S.
Jersey by the Southern NJ TD Club.
2nd Award banquet this week!
I really can't deal wit this shit right now!
It's like candy!!
Thats why I love adam richman so much he is a blessing but he is a very humble man that why I care so much
sup you!
The Power Of Touch!
How a pair of hands can
What state would you like to see us all in play in this summer other than Colorado?
you homie this shit sounds crazy!
Shower than Sleep 
Grilling London broil and chicken with baked potatoes and salad.......
Yummy can't wait.....
what's the scoop on Devoe Joe?
Local shout out: Folsom  interactive Customer Comment Board installed today in preparation for Grand Opening Oct 26!
Oh, yes, definitely.
The discussion just started with Chp 12, so I'm anxiously awaiting Peter's appearance!
First technical glitch.
How is the wireless?
I just asked one of my co workers if he was going to do something and he looked at me and said that sounds like a Monday thing lol
stop it!!!
Off to check in to our hotel and hit the LFI2012 show floor...
We'll be posting our LED finds now thru Fri!
Bye everyone!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAUL I LOVE YOU
oh well
Sorry.
Happy Easter!
Goodnight and sweet doctorams 333 Love you sweeties.
I get about 21 citynot bad for full time AWD.
DC gets bad weather, you need compact 4 cylinder SUV.
I'm tired!
Thanks Dave...we'll have some good music and discussion.
Jim is looking forward to seeing everyone.
now following the dudes, thanks for the follow.
World Cup Rugby starts today.
Hoping for an Irish miracle.
Money is on the Aussies but never right off SA or NZ
OMQ.
can't believe I ran into  while out to eat!
Hahahah : LOVE Y'ALL.
How is OnDemand not working???
It's ONDEMAND.
Manchin supports Sen.
Reid who says coal makes us sick so he'll vote for Obama at the DNC convention and in November.
Happy Feel good Friday!
Beards rule!
FF the fabulous socmed crew from
Who can i call?
Great page.
I have published my Guitar Made Simple book on Kindle.
UW Ath Dept: We remain hopeful we can still come to some resolution over the scheduling conflicts that have arisen in regard to the WIAA
Good Job!
Keep up the good work with weightloss!
: Gotta love HCG!
Today is a beautiful day...
20 lbs down!!!
HCG!!!!
Crucial turnover by Avery Bradley.
Feeding the post is a loss art!
All players need to be able to feed the ball with both hands!
RT One more nite to go until goes GAGA!
Text STYLUS to 46786 to get our VIP text!
Wishing every day was Saturday night!

I am really enjoying your new album REWIND pretty awesome : waited a very long time for this :D
NEW PIC: Pregnant doctorw Barrymore doctorsses Baby Bump in Clingy Sweater  Us Magazine
I love justin bieber but this girl selena gomez needs to get out the crew the fans will always love him I'm not hater tho!!!
Happy Wednesday to you, too!
Let's make it a super day!
I Am The Most Competitive Chick You'll Ever Meet!
This Dude Is Trying To Tell Me He'll Beat Me In Flag Football !
Omw To The Field.
ditto!
See you around...
The last day of the conference.
that was insane.
It is impossible not to enjoy watching CP3 ball.
You say you are a great person and that we are friends, yeahh okay; you sure act like one.
Not.
Homerun number 3 by !
Reds might need a new pitcher.
You're welcome Gary!
Welcome to twitter !
Woo
We are open from noon to midnight!
Stay tuned for todays deal.
One of my best talents: changing the subject during a conversation.
comesinhandy !
You can always count on my love !
Just believe in yourself and you will go far
Thanks!!RT : S/O to the beautiful ladies of the AKA Sorority Inc.
: Some Shit Jus Better Left Unsaid ,
wishes everyone a loving, peaceful, and thankful Thanksgiving Holiday.
Master's comp exam tomorrow morning....can't wait for the doctornk I will enjoy after it is completed
Splitter has a sprained left wrist.
He won't return to todays game.
My shoulders sting so bad :
all I want to do is tweet about coffee shops and use hash tags.
Huge point saving BP.
Anyone yet know how a school gets started using the new Groups for Schools feature on ??
Can I vote more than once?
best waiter ever :D and then out of nowhere he's like oh btw I'm Latesse :p
Kolby your vast
no judgements here.
Naps keep me sane.
I think that's still working out for me....
S/O to HP girls on 40 3rd round win over Wakeland!
m idk remember but he did :
Every webcontent writer on our team has a degree in creativewriting or English.
We love the craft and are satisfied with only the best.
Need a key to my apt.
Asap.
Got fantastic advise from Tristan mentorstudio and now putting it to practice....fingers crossed!
Im excited!
and winners find a way
Vivendi and Universal Music Group buy EMI Music for 1.9 billion.
Tell a friend.
Vietnam Perspective of time forgiveness as we see tiny view of God's view of historywar turns 2 compassion 2 collaboration 2 partnerships
Lynch deserves a primary for making no sense and offering no leadership.
He's been the nowhere man until this latest stunt.
What gives?
Beautiful Sunset!
Of course there is not formula for success except, perhaps, an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings
So glad TT took Jordy instead of DeSean, he must be that much more dynamic
We spend the first months of our childoctorn's lives teaching them to walk and talk, the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up
: I was just too.
Mid afternoon coffee  beignet break
I love to go outside and play3
Spindows twitter account now live.
Check.
big l, very nice
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Everytime we argue babe I just wanna give up..
But when I see your face babe I just wanna make love
oh no what happened?
:
Mom's gonna be in NYC this week!
went to LSU, moved to Dallas, then Albuquerque  I have to cook the Cajun food  show folks how its done.
you shld try NM food!
I'm OK.
Sitting on the exercise ball.
My back hurts and my tummy won't let go.
I'm assuming that's good.
: C'mon contractions!
I swear I will treat oomf MUCH better than oomf...
Mixedoctorceproblems I'm vietnamese but I'm covered in french/white genes.
smile; it kills people who want to see you cry.
Shower time ;D
And now he's in FL..
bueeeno.
Do you soak almonds or walnuts or sunflower seeds?
If yes, why?
I really dont feel like being here.
Just took 2 scoops of preworkout cellucorC4 for the first time I feel like I could run through a wall, in a good way haha
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1.
During a highspeed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
ImMadBecause you want me to change so you can like me.
Spend two on her give her a rack
Leave alone!
Still my fave!!
What do you look for in an adult social Sports league?
What would make the league you play in even better?
Today couldn't possibly be more shittier
followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach...
help get them to 1,000 followers!
For halfasecond I was like, 'WHAT THE!' while pouring the hot chocolate mix into my mug.
But then I realized they were marshmallows.
Meeting with mother of Alexis Patterson shortly.
7 yearold Alexis went missing 10 years ago tomorrow.
Listening to my boy killing it and shutting it down on
Fascinating!
ha!
Time for a twitcation!
The move is on...WallaWalla or bust!
Sorry!
Correction: the Gospel Music City Awards in Nashville, TN is at 5pm April 28th!
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
The End.
If you are looking to buy a home, let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy in our distressed market.
www.TheOertelGroup.com
Want to borrow some art!?
Get to making!
You know, the usual...
that's one of the movies I have no shame in saying that I will always cry when I watch it.
sdmayornp helps nonprofessorts by busting doctorg dealers
I still hate needles.
agreed!
Super spammy.
workaholics is too ridiculous
That Darron Thomas TD pass showed some real finesse.
He usually fires it in there.
Nice touch on the corner fade to DAT.
217 UO
Charlie: I've got just as good chance as anyone else.
Lol nope poor kid stays poor
what's good bruh
Heat win , and wade's shot  Great start to my day
RatchetsLove trying to call other girls ratchet
Still not tweeting during game and still winning!
Definitely!
I have to see that performance.
I'll be there Wednesday, so I'll text you.
2months believe I am so excited!
Didn't speak to you guys today really : but goodnight tweepies :
message me omg im dying HAHHA
Fantastic article in , ladies, you look amazing!
We all owe you thanks for proving you can be DC chic IN COLOR!
oh yeah anytime you know caits would have done it if she had a twitter...
the Girl scout patches dont really stick with an iron, do they?
he said shawty got potential he'll be my sponsor
yes!
Maybe it will be soon:
Wolfpack win!
Bring on Georgetown
Urgent care place is playing Tom Waits.
yahoo  I hope my sisters all followed my advice and got this great stuff, too!
i just hate it when u just get out of an argument then after tht u think of a really good come back to say tht really gets on my nerves!
Yu should learn 4rm a mistake the first go round....I mean why wld it tk going threw the same ish a numerous amount of tyMes b4 yu get it?!.
Very use to hearing the phrase smoke something...
I agree;complaining is one thing, public forum is another.
Then again says I embody frustrated annoyance.
Im your choir.
Spent the evening on the porch with pizza and beer.
Couldn't be happier.
Hello, Charlie!
I am a big fan and you are one very beautiful lady!
Not ot mention, sexy as well!
the Smithsonian is sponsoring a seminar culturespecific museums on April 25 or 26 at NMAI.
Not sure if open to public.
Yes!
And spread the word!
RT : I think I'm going to buy one if shirts.
Or something tomorrow:!
Want to see smallbusiness systems and teamwork in action?
Check out DeadliestCatch right now.
Love that show!
I mean, Common's an old school bitch whereas doctorke is a nu school bitch.
And the middle finger goes to...
So exhausted.
Looking for a unique giveaway or gift?
We now have lower quantity minimums on imprinted ear buds.
www.BNoticed.com
Cheap Cabernet and Deep Conversion ; It's Friday why not
I hope so.
It's fun.
The musical theatre geek in me is psyched.
It's good to see a broadway baby on tv too!
It was still a good point.
;
We're playing blood bloody cut cut.
Feel like a chemist in the kitchen cooking.
Dont know what Im going to call it yet but my mixtape is gonna be crazy!!!
Done taking 267 from this day on.
Thanks for the RT!!
Such a good day for disability rights in Michigan!
Let's hope administrators do the right thing!
LetEmPlay.us
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME!
: I BEEN WAITING 3YEARS FOR THAT DAY 2 COME 1
I used to work with a hypochondoctorac; we had to hide all the Pdoctor or she'd freak out  diagnose herself with all the ailments.
OMG AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
XOXO HEARTS; :
Thanks Mark!
I got the idea from the CD workshop postcards that were in the bathroom too.
Free billboard space!
you didnt make it!!
Txting my baby i miss him so much.
:
VGA with the Family
wait...
when did it turn into the third week of April?!
7 colors make rainbow.
7 chords make music.
7 continents make the world.
7 beautiful letters make us friends :
I don't understand all this hype about banks, yet we can't get anyone to care a fig about guns.
follow they follow back asap!
Still got spaces left for our Photo Safari balloon rally 5/15  5:30am!
Sign up today  .
Had an amazing Christmas!
Hope everyone else did too!
Yet anyway.
Who is your Favorite Villian?
Answer: Make change for a dollar.
Wow...
but bummer for your mom.
Hopefully they don't all quit at once.

grateful for you Angie!
Now following follow me
: Quality not quantity
The streets were strangely devoid of men this afternoon, that's when I realized it was SuperBowl Sunday
not having such a great day...
i wish would follow me!
It would really cheer me up :
What can I say about that suit that hasn't already been said about Afghanistan?
sundance trekker, parks and recer
feelin hot hot hot...yoga.
RT : Rise and shine, Geeks!
Follow  retweet to win an signed by Felicia Day!
nice pic, thank you!
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Good luck to the Huskies today as they look for huge CAA series win over ODU at Freidman Diamond.
nacho cheese or cool ranch doritos
I want to be very clear.
I don't like being an asshole.
I'm just perfectly willing to be an asshole.
My phone bein a hoe dog
The OurTime slogan is correct.
The fans just forgot to read the fine print....begins 4/24/12.
You wear what you eat.
You go, Yoko.
We DO imagine peace.
Thanks for reminding us.
Happy 78th Birthday!
Happy Easter!
Amway will b giving away 250k worth of toys on the TODAY show tomorrow from 910 am cst TOMORROW
I take coffee vacations all the time without ever leaving LA.
I've got 20 spots for you to hit.
Ready?
It'll be fun.
Idiot 49er fan getting into it with me...
Gotta love some idiots who pollute the world with their stupidly 140 characters at a time.
I feel like store samples imply a sort of contract: if I like the product, I must buy some.Doesn't everyone feel that way?
Jeff is getting ready to meet my new niece for the first time!
sure will you follow she's my bff
Oh what a day!
Chilling Almost Done With My Mixtape But Need Help Promoting My Music Can Somebody Help Me.........
KaeSmoove
Makes my blood boilthis is a legitimate right of
LMFAO you would be the one to miss read that!
: : I'm so hungry!
Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!
u kn
Merry Christmas and Happy holidays to everyone!!!!
Monday: cake.
Tuesday: cookies.
Wednesday: macaroons.
Today: Krispy Kreme.
It's like we enjoy sugar or something.
I love how when tells us to give some love...
he gains like 200 followers in a minute :
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 45
you're a warrior Donaldson
So you want to punish Obama by voting for Romney because you're upset about the exec order re: Hyde amend.
No you are punishing the country!
We're talking food  having tough conversationswhile you eat.
awe thx!!
the whole team rocks!
And glad it's useful stuff
If there's a team that plays harder than UWGB, I haven't seen them.
Wow!
Even though they came up short, still had an impressive run.
I've always been the one to blame.
Must be the defensive linemen that are about to lose their jobs.
lol
Thanks for being a good friend: I'll aLways be here for you NO MATTER WHAT!
I Love you priscilLa :D 33
Yo GO, Tracy!
You are, hands down, one of the best friends, cohorts, and colleagues an author could ask to have!
MuchLove and
Mixing brush in CS5 looks dope, allows for a lot more control and realistic applications.
Thank you mister President!
We're so happy to have you tell the world that Gay is Okay!!
You have made America proud!!!!
I haven't had the chance to see Hunger Games yet.
Have you?
Im having this sudden urge to listen to some old school gaga.
Thanks!
I think 's blog post has brought up wonderful discussion, especially between newer  more established archivists.
My Bday was filled with Icecream, cake, wine, and pokers!:D
Friday 420 show is gna b killer!
Exile is rockin w monstarr n taye tags.
Tix r 5 at the symposium in lakewood.
Whose supportin the scene?
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it.
Joey Adams
Today is People Making Noise Right in Front of My Cube and Making Me Glad I Have a Meeting to Go To day.
Sry i havent been online as much i promise i will tomorrow : luv u guys dont unfollow please.
3WordsOfAdvice Ron Paul bitches.
Moving on to working memory test.
Here goes...
Ouch!
The task created a strong feeling of thinking.
NEASC11 Chabris
I want long hair.
Now.
LMAO you are funny!
It's funny how I can give you all the advice in the world but I can't even tell you my feelings.
he lives upstate how dafuq does he know where is10 is?
Think about the business side of it, we both can gain here.
One year ago today, Mike Haywood was hired as Pitt football coach.
Please don't hire anyone today.
OMG!
Biggest Mistake in My Life!!!
.ListeninToPeople smh
It annoys the fuck out of me when people think they know everything!
This should be the reaction every time a sequel is announced.
There's a problem when sequels are expected.
In a matter of minutes I'm gonna be a brace face :
Saw some dude in my office had a shirt on, pretty bad ass.
Totally gave him a brofive and chest bump.
Sushi ah sushi
I was confused for a second about it tweet, then i remembered u tweeted me yesterday :P
Why does everyone assume i'm a Playa I really don't pimp hoes I been faithful for a past few years
starts previews tonight.
Who is your favorite cast member?
You have a lot to choose from!
Savard bobblehead's stick has been recovered in one piece.
Now to glue the stupid sign back on...
quiet Sunny.
Your going to mess me when that day comes.
I forgot I was 21 lol I should go get wasted wit the big dawgss ctfu fuck all this ignorant Bullshit..
bet I could get my mind off it 
im goin to sleep im to fuckin bored i just want to end this fuckin day
RT Spoelstra does characterize the mister as good news.
YES, I DID!
you are so lucky that your gonna get your braces off!
i get mine off next year!
;3
Haha what makes you think I need you???
My 12 year old son and I will be watching from Dallas, TX.
Go Big Blue
The Shave Barbershop Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Yes, it is.
I'll forgive your indiscretion in replacing your gorgeous green shirt pic.
Only because u look so hot in a tie :
F U NIGGA
good job John!
2 data from Arts  Humanities Citation Index.
Still, may suggest visibility problem
Originally overlooked, now my favorite line from the last episode of by Jessica: Joe!
Computer this!
Mitt Romney reminds me of Judge Elihu Smalls from CaddyShack
OWS using Bob Dylan's The Times They Are aChangin' 47 years after it was released without a hint of irony.
couples are always welcome.
I LOVE chicks ;
Community Impact Arts Partnership Hon Mention goes to and
The Kings are a good hockey team.a sleeping giant.
Too much talent to not be successful.
2 stories from The Times this morning: 1st saying the pound to plunge, the 2nd saying the worries were overstated sounds more like The Sun
I fortunately already have an iphone but have you checked out our iphone app?
Another day, another Day, lol
.
Kudos for picking as your new wine columnist.
We'll be looking out for it!
Solid all around team effort for the with a 80 win over the
doctorps !
RT Except that xbox cust svc didn't read the actual problem and thus didn't addoctorss it at all.
Grrr!
oops watching The Killing.
You know it.
Why is he behind 88 ?
I just tried to grab an onion out of the cupboard and it collapsed into mush in my hands.
I guess I need to cook more often?
If you can, take a moment to look at www.doenetwork.org.
Every body deserves a name.
Maybe you can help find someones daughter or son.
How do I get involved with this FF thing?
Today, I'm going to attempt to run 5 miles on a 1/11 mile track.
just do it at home if your gonna do it...
IfIWonTheMegaMillions...My family, my fiance  I are PIGGING OUT all around the U.S....Like the food network : : :
: Hank Greenberg, former boss at AIG donated 2,500 to , and Greenberg's son Lawrence Scott, gave another 2,500 in Feb
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Got my 9 yo girl an iTouch to help her communicate she's communicating all right.
She had an email from a boy 5 minutes after coming home.
well, i guess i'm just going to get off fb  twitter for the night  just get comfortable  lay down  think through some things  text.
: theres a whole chapter in the txstate freshmen guide warning of
sorry if it sounded cheeky, im just pissed off x
To John Durante : Do you have any good white papers or literature on RR ins I can RT to followers from Connections2012?
Wine tasting Thursday, April 14 6:007:30pm Swig's Broadway Room 25 per person Let us know if you are interested
Me to neighbor on plane: Are you going to comic con?
Him: No, a wedding.
Lame.
the black mamba closing it out tonight
Hey, if you can't change the name, change the network.
lol I don't play like that so
I wish I had something positive to say.
just did and yes, REALLYgood.
excellent production quality, lyrics/vocals.
very passionate and hardcore very different.
thank u :
What's this?
netflix raising prices?
So doctorwn me if you can
Fantastic random quote!
I don't recall, but it's a great brand.
Like it?
Why do I always get the room next to the noisiest people?!?!
Just shut up and stop hitting shit against the wall!
celia and i had to buy them seperately because no doubles showed up and we ended up RIGHT next to eachother
Oh.
Hai dur.
You're hot.
K.
Bai.
C:
I love nonWestern narratives!
Come into Lottie's today for St.
Patty's Eve!!
Is it too late to ff ??
follow this kid, he's kinda funny:
So how do you get to sesame street then.
I was ask but no one answers lol
Last night I doctoramt about writing, going on vacation, losing my wallet, and parallel parking a rental car on a steep beachfront slope.
NOT FUN MISSING MARCH MADNESS ON TV, BUT AS A COLLEGE BB COACH I'D RATHER BE PLAYING THEN WATCHING SO RECRUITING IT'S BEEN AN IS!
SKYHAWKS!
ewww NOT the prosperity gospel...
too much margarita.
I was spinning Nat King Cole all last month.I think Nature Boy is my favorite of his recordings,or Walkin My Baby Back Home.
How exactly does one retain the digital delivery on ones credit card?
we're working on them.
:
u speak russian??
Well, my day has just been ruined...I guess i'm just gonna go listen to and try and feel better....
LOL!
It's funny and crazy that I get that tweet.

the kids are using their personal computers schoollibraries Just wondering.
Cant Still Believe it feels Like summer already.
Time is traveling fast these days!
somethingfresh.
Brewers put the smackdown on the Cards!
Let's get Game 2, boyz!
Let's go Caps!
Big game tonight.
Sorry Bruins fans, Red Rockers are a Race for Hope team.
We need to cheer them on!

The Don Dada Nigga You don't wanna Romp with me.
Great work Aaron!
it was my favorite part of the whole show!!
Def Leppard sings of a video vamp.
In the Remix line becomes a vagueness vamp.
Definition by way of consumption scores a negative lump sum.
Produce some fun or you're dead and done.
GIRLS are programmed to say No .
Maytag Gas Stove Top Pressure Regulator Replacement part 74007704  jenn air cooktops
A lot of people get surprised that I'm loud  insane..
my family aren't very surprised..
they're quite familiar with it ;
you have no proof
Open Garden Foundation
Looking forward to see all my friends at the LPNG networking group this morn  Whistle stop.
Carel
love it
In so much pain D
I'll go out on limb.
Pokerstars / Wynn for USA state network.
Tapie and rest of PK license software to 888 and Caesars or possibly BWIN.
Come to Chicago have an outstanding meal..
see a show!!
Yea I'm laughing at the windows comment.
I mean I respect windows but ehh I'm over them
We spent the weekend at an amazing BB in OshKosh  I'm struggling to get it back together this wk.
Maybe I'll give up  try again next wk!
Thanks to all for the RTs about Rock to Rebuild.
Info coming soon on March reschedule.
You can go back in time and see The Beatles, Led Zeppelin or Queen live.
Which do you pick?
Wow.
DanielSan looks pretty damned good for 50.
We should all be so lucky...
Rock on
The Adamouski has launched in a successfully slow manner!
Follow the directions and begin to submit for the 2011 prize.
I miss you too :'
From the actions stems the doctoram again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living
Standing ovation at the private eyes performance yesterday.
Cast was incredible!
I cant fly Turtles cant fly Therefore Im a turtle:D
149 new tweets for Jeremy Lin since I searched 2 minutes ago.
so, haven't heard from yo on this!
Wasn't this on your wish list???
I crochet and that seems to help me.
SB2012 has been amazing.
But I seriously can't wait for the Dominican republic in June 
And a little bit of good taste!
my last class day is probably around June 12th and the year is probably over June 22nd.
You?
Do Scottish Terriers get Scotch tapeworms?
You Went broke That Shit Cray
: Yayyy!
Tennessee Lady Vol Golf comes up with the big win!
Such studs!thanks!!!!
Berezovsky Proposes Britain39;s Prince Harry Be Made Russian Monarch
I really can't wait to be on my own.
That day just ain't coming fast enough.
/3
Your dentist probably read your tweets, LOL ;
Happy birthday!:D
Admitting it is the first step lol: JaVale vids apparently make me giddy.MyNameIsDaniAndILoveJaValeMcGee see I can admit it.
NY end of March..
Link us
that's good!
Let's our boys take the cup this year and NATO nut balls don't burn the city down.
Lol
haha.
I can see that you're pretty excited about the BowDay :D
Sunday Social  the HORN with .10cent Wings, Crawfish on the Patio EVERYONE FREE b4 7pm
OhioSt v Wisconsin what the hell?
I love days in class when all we do is chill and talk the whole time
interesting!
Not sure what to do with the other 23 hrs and 30 mins of the day though....
Barnes out there playin grab ass ol fruit booty nicka
I almosted cried listening to This is the Life.
U are doing a GREAT job.
I have a feeling you're one of God's favorites.
CES is shaping up nicely.
It's all abuzz and TV Everywhere is hot!
if u work for them I am so sorry.
What a horrible company...
;
I'm thinking of a few people I might just sign up for that class...
lol...
I can't wait to see the new video of the CASA Superhero Run that Stories Comics shot on Saturday.
I will post as soon as it is ready!
Nice glasses...
Maybe you can give  some style tips during that interview...
Kicking in a door and clearing a house man I love my job
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Joshua Freeman presenting Sol Stetin Award for Labor History: Nelson Lichtenstein.
What??
PrincessofMars was available for free for my kindlefire in the amazon store.
Found my new series.
dont get discouraged because your priorities are not other peoples priorities.dont forget, their priorities are not your priorities either.
Going out tonite ...
Been a long time
oh my goshh i know...
try again, she worked during the civil war, she would be more than 100.
it doesn't happen nearly often enough.
I really do need to get to SF more.
One of the largest donations in history by a living donor was 3 billion from Melinda  !
AMAZING.
Are they not awesome?
Good morning!
You can not force things to happen you just have to be ready when it does.
Enjoy your day!
Put a positive spin on EVERYTHING!
Flirt, love and enjoy every second of the day!
You end up stirring liquid with increasingly larger sticks until eventually you're paddling a kayak
Very anxious for this game to get here,anxious but confident.
I do want everyone to have fun tonight, but I honestly don't know if I want you to Wang Chung...
lmao Ditto ..
No comment
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who will be there through everything without giving up.
not quite.
I'd like to wiggle into PR.
Only thing I don't like about warm weather...frizzy hair.
My goal today: find out just how much Whipped Vodka it takes to numb my senses  still pretend I'm interested in playoff football.
I feel like I never really sleep.
My point is that there is an Art to the act of creation which is why some creation is junk.
It's going to flood again tonight, isn't it?
And yes, I do have two loads of laundoctor hanging out to doctor.
Little by Little.
Saw this tour at MSG.
They wore suits.
Amazing!
Beautiful but a chilly morning
Not following a marketing expert back because she has an apostrophe error in her biography.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Great night of local beer: 3Floyds Thick White Freeks and Pablo Picasso
Recording?
Sounds kinda lame..
Saul Smith was/is better than Michael Porter and Twany Beckham or Jon Hood.
Who is laughing at the guy with the solar panels now!!!!
...Quan Linh's Bun Tom Yum;This Viet.
spin on Thai classic may not B authentic but is 1 of most delish soups in pdx!...
That's beautiful Rick!
oh hahahah.
Oh okay!
Good luck haha.
I will try to buy VIP next week : I feel a whole lot better now.
needs to start getting followers lol
Your very welcome 
i have one
Thanks Nick MFG!
Great comma usage  very crucial in that instance!
look at those ABS omg 
P.E.
IN FULL EFFECT, BROTHA!!!!!
is thankful for her son's.
I realize that God has blessed me with two wonderful son's  who are good students and who have good friends!!
Physical Comedy that has a Whey with Curds
ringgringgggg!
Hello?!!
Hi Chris!!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Talk soon!
love, mofones!!
I know he is, but I'll be watching the event, not the selfselected backslapping.
: AND ANOTHER HOME RUN!!!!!!!
did NOT know Rebecca Black was a baseball fan.
mister.
just asked if or could 'guest host' for me at home this weekend.
Oopie.
Thank you!
And Congrats on yours!!
Congrats on your TWO Emmy nominations!!
Our Line Dance Class is this Friday!
Ladies, will you be there?
Anyone else want to fight with me about justin bieber damn right il beat you belieberforeverandalways3
Why does the legislature suck more as the weather gets nicer?
Tired of apartment hunting...
StopKony2012 he's 1 of many doing so much harm.
Still, he's a good place to start!
So impressed with InvisibleChildoctorn and their work!
Hey!
Sorry we just haven't had the time : We're definitely trying but we might not be able to participate!
SO SORRY!
Breaking news: Snake bite in walmart
please wish me happy birthday?:
you need to come to Oklahoma 3
sounds good!
don't visit my post today...you'll be hungry :
The amount of Indian food I consumed at that work meeting is astonishing
ooh!
Do you have any pictures?
Happy Mother's Day, Everyone!
The menu book has alot of pages alot of options...i couldnt decide so i just got watever lol
Rise up!!!
Go get what belongs to you!!!!
Holocaust Remembrance Day begins this evening  ends tomw evening.
We join our Jewish brothers  sisters in honoring this day.
singing You Got It Bad was awesomely sexy.
I can't justify it  and would totally go for retina display if I could ;
wild flag kicked it tonight, create show
If it was trulyclearly impeding your work, perhaps, but if not, it's weaksauce on their part.
Snort.
RT I honestly can't believe we are debating the Girl Scouts.
This makes the creationism debate seem highminded.
my jam.
lol
ohh god i wanna hang out with on 072311 haha my brothers birthday !!
Yes, we ALL are doing well.
My dd is behaving  reading in her room.
Aah sweet moments!
Say what you like about suicide bombers, at least it's a job for life
idol  Joshua and Phillip's duet was better than last week but they don't compliment each other.
More suited to Phillip and OK overall.
Not a shock, but the rake is very very high on duty free whiskey at DUB.
Flight home from PyCon at 0800 tomorrow but didn't get a hotel for tonight, hope I can stay awake  alive through a night of sprints
Can you send a screenshot to ?
We'll take a look right away!
Status Update: Currently grindin' hard on a Quentin Tarantino vs.
Spike Lee Film Event...this should be interesting.
: I eat my feelings all the time.
this so much.
Atllanta..summer school and hopefully a job
Tough loss tonight.
Can't win when you score only 16 second half points
Pitchfork...
No longer relevant.
: pitchfork listed superbass in the top 10 songs of the year.
dead.
I'm still in bed.
This is ridiculous.
NP!
MM Amen Two Step
Thank you!
You were there in spirit!
Alumnus, that is.
you should consider becoming a sponsor of
i understand derrick rose tore his acl, but shumpart did too.
talk about this rookie as well!!
You're right.
I do generalize too much.
It's important not to view phenomena as coming completely out of nowhere, as if they
There's No Bitch Worse Then a Typical Bitch .
Photo shoot went awesome!
who's ready for the new lineup?
Good morning, Sunshine!
They need to put a W.G.
Grinders in my part of Hilliard...
Pause Serena Williams is a rapper now?
I am FUCKING DONE!!!
so how is everyone doing tonight??
When I click follow it say forbidden!!!!!!
Vincent van Gogh: Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model.
That's sad...I couldn't even imagine.
that's one of my top cities to visit in the US!!
I will definitely hit you up when I am around, you can recommend tourist spots.
congrats!
You are for sure a badass!
lol
HEM and PokerTracker calculate your allin EV and graph it on a red line.
Money wongreen line.
I care more about my red line.
Hey Neflix can you put all seasons of Designing Women on instant streaming?
I need my Julia Sugarbaker fix yall
There isnt any security in a job.
Security comes from within.
And thats where you need to find it
The are most dangerous in attack when Felipe joins attack.
He has to push higher up if they want a goal.
Today is Friday and a week ago Beastie Boys man Adam MCA Yauch died in Brooklyn.
R.I.P.
If one more friend ignores me today I don't know what ill do but watch out.
I hope you don't get caught in the rain.
;
hookin up the doctornks!
you're gonna be fuckin' awesome!
Thanks for having me!
I'm editing the pics now.
Hopefully they make the paper/online in the next few days.
Visit our partners' booths to get your passport stamped...
and win great swag
I think that was to predictable
maybe you'd be interested to know that the green is hydoctor seed to make vegetation grow to control erosion.
Off the chain last Night!!
S/O Mz Lisa, !!
Awesome Job HUNNYS!!!
Sore throat  gray Seattle skies  a pho kind of day
Congrats to for a great event tonight!
runs a fabulous org that cares for some amazing ppl.
There was no recording of the book reading, so no.
Kids just like me that much  they read to me ...
Pure/Natural/Vegan Skin/Hair Products.
Winwin!
100 professorts to CharityBig discountsEmployment w/growth.
Visit: beautysnatural.com
you and your TBL crew are killin' it these days...
great job.
Phil is clutch!!!
I love on Sunday's!!
I'm addicted to you..
don't chu know that chur' toxic?!
;.
awesome gig.
time to relax the mind.
thank you for being so helpful.
It's been doctorving me nuts as this doctorid is my only internet connection right now.
; 
You too!!
How did it go for you?
Catching up on Secret Life 
Excited to hear/meet today!!
And meet DC's nonconformists  travelers!!

T2 sometimes wonder about this.
How do you prevent cooption while getting patient stories out?
ie Everyone is a patient s4pm
Excellent!
, I would like to purchase the ticket.
Let's make arrangements.
ready to go home and eat
So Teals startin crazy bananas
Member down town we was holdin hand in the 1 part everyone was.
Starein cus i was whiteu was the only person wit a white girl
Wishing I was at the beach with Bob marley
hey what's up!:
so much steele today i love it
I have a shortterm photographic memory.
When I study I look at the book, memorize what I see.
When I close the book, its gone.
yo check out bay area underground hiphop hashtags we're working on some dope stuff right now for
: Michael, thank you for working on my book.
:D So how is the first chapter coming along?
haha I spilled it all over myself......on my birthday.
I spilled it on too;
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG THE MILITANT CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S GOING TO A DODGERS GAME AGAIN!
I think I finally figured out what to do for my tumblr.
woo 22 more school days left
..if you peek at the comics, it's his signature T.
Such a great episode!
After Sunday, we'll be on pins  needles until 2013 ;
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear STOP,POLICE!!
all my authors who've read that piece about DOUBLING productivity in the age of ereaders are emailing things like aaaaaaaaaaargh
Oh definitely !
Oops.
Deleted the tweet with the answer, very sorry!
:/
Friend is a strong word nowadays
maybe so: I'll ask
beyond dope!
RT Blown.
Elated.
slow computers kill me
please.
they don't pay me enough to show up at work!
Pleasure!
RT : I look forward to tweeting with you all!
Thanks for the follow!
...Going to be a guest at the class of THE best childoctorn's acting coach in L.A., Helen Anzalone
it was great seeing you on Wednesday : see you at the meeting next week!
LOOOOL.
Oh My God.
I love you so freaking much.
Omg car ran into a tree..
My prayers go out to that family
Good Morning, Vietnam!
Very warm welcome to iPhone game family!
So happy you have joined us!
You rock!
awesome thank you
RT The Game will be on Tonight We're gonna have Free Food  doctornk Specials for everyone that comes
Just found out that ABC canceled Life on Mars and I am so not happy about that.
It is such a good show!
pouts
VENUSMARS pairing in TAURUS eases the tension of tonight's MOONSATURN opposition.Pamper each other today to avoid conflict tonight.
Snide remarks about places that aren't called New York aren't clever or funny  especially from an NJ transplant.
that's gross.
gay marriage doesn't support that.
eww i look disgusting.!:o
No ones home, so I'm gonna blast my music and get ready to go downtown ;
OMG WALTER's facial expression hahahaha I called your house last night Peter but you weren't there 33333
n/f follow me back
about what you're saying about a name by the number haa
uh i dont even kno you.
Live life to the fullest.
: Neva RT : lol sometimes life gets in the way
Same here, bud.
new music coming to www.squalaorphan.com ALBUM on ITUNES RIGHT NOW
what was your inspiration to do that?
Immaculate conception or rape?
If she didn't know it was coming it was immaculate rape.
Sean Rouse
Powerful moment.
Thank you Jennifer Hudson
Jackpot was so high I just had to buy a lotto ticket.
IM IN LOVE WITH AUSTINS SONG 11:11.
just thought I should get that off my chest lol.
These Exxtra hot cheetos are going to work right now
I feel like going to a big house event!
Any coming soon?
and now it's time to remove myself from my two computers.
Not enough hours in the day.
And I don't care what can talk about me, 'cuz I know someone of my life I'll totally COLLAPSE !
Now is the time for poker legislation, not years from now.
The gov't needs to realize they can't stop it.
We wanna play!
it's apropos, anything goes.
Out walking with my mommy 
Lunch at La'au's with Dan Lewis!
If we never had thunderstorms, we wouldn't appreciate the sunshine!
TwoThingsThatDontMix Politicians and The Facts.
well damn
It's going to be a beautiful day in the neighborhood today and tomorrow so get out and enjoy it!
lmao tough love
like yours truly on facebook and look for a special offer coming soon!
why you no get here now?!
I can't DM you b/c you're not following me.
Would love to hear more about the blogger opportunity.
Please follow  DM me!
Prayer Task Force working to prevent doctorg addiction  Daily Sentinel
thanks cheers!
who ever found my ipod touch , has No Heart !
for not retuning it back to me 
Treat people how u wanna be treated
RT : Congrats on the IDMA award!
Let's celebrate it tonight at !
Justin Bieber.
The human centipede 2 is a very fucked up movie
cool.
Love seeing the alma mater looked to for insight and expertise.
Making emails mobile: include a preheader
The 2nd SOLD OUT show at the in 8 days and I'm witness to both!!
Isn't it crazy how ppl tend to give a politicians answer so much that they themself forget the whole truth, or even part of it.
SMH!!!
Warming up, stretching, the routine.
Bout to rock this house!
Excuses are for the weak...how strong are you really!?!
Yea!!!
haha id be open to the idea I suppose, throwing me off on Diwali bro.
You are a piece of shit and nobody in their right mind should listen to your political opinion!
You're a fuckin doctornk has been!!!
on who?
And what did you get me today?
Bring it here
oh please oh please oh please have good news for me this week world!
awesome!
Can you DM it to me?
I think I do at the office but if I get it now I can start on it.
Q: What's the difference between light and hard?
A: You can sleep with a light on.
abdl I am a mommy for adult baby's.
If that's not you, if you have no personal interest here, please unfollow me!
For sure!
wait.
you meant thursday.
I can't keep track of his chatham visits...
Congratulations to !
So excited for the launch party this evening!
True that : I'll come visit in the summer though!
watching Some Like it Hot in my theatre class...and I'm trying not to have a laugh attack every 5 seconds.
Leah Garchik, SF Chronicle, imagines Larry Ellison in the Merchant of Venice.
I am Sir ,  when I open my lips, let no dog bark.
I'm bored, can't watch TV, and is at work.
Somebody save me :/ :p
same i won't know what to say and i'll be like dfghjkl sigh i just idk
its casino time robert de niro my favorite
Good luck today, ladies!
Thanks so much!
they want to hear you sing
Ugh school :/!
Backstrom had a concussion  he's representing his country..
But Crosby couldn't..
Lolz
Camay, thanks for the update.
Please lat me know if you hear anything else.
Are you headed that way?
I'm the new Community Manager for Thanks for the well wishes!
Very excited.
Happy 4th.
i just started using ruby/rails  looks like I missed the conference.
is there an active ruby community in Seattle?
today is a scorcher like damn i'm in this computer room and its hot as ever
People say it's all for attention, I say it's what I have to do to make myself feel better.
Why am I not asleep?
Pretty sure this is almost selfdestructive behavior at this point.
LOL!
Yes you are!
;P
: thanxxxx for coming to kick it with coffee and cupcakes!!!
You're the best xoxoxo Amazing times!
Twerks with in the Malco Parking Lot
don't forget Victor/Victoria!
Well that is convenient.
There was going to be an article mentioning me, online only, and I never got to see it.
that's really unfortunate.
maybe they want to give you a root beer float?
Why do we go all out for Sunday dinner?
Is it to celebrate the sin of gluttony?
If Columbus would have known that eventually this America would be keeping up with the Kardashians, he may very well have just turned around
And Rod Stewart just showed up.
Hey!
your From don bosco?
my sister used to study There.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Ted Williams
nurse5823  Morbid Angel Full Concert Bootlegs Download
haha.
cheers man!
Report: Bulls Gibson named to U.S.
select team
We have a facebook page...plz like us and ask your friends to like us: www.theatrecompany.biz Lots of info there.
:
These noises are freaking me out.
Im the only one here.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 67F FAIR
she was stopped with a quickness...lol.
Introducing a new call center solution from Allerent Consulting!
We have a package solution prepared for your call center needs.
Follow...
Very into Nusrat Fateh AliKhan this is morning.
Makes you want to shake your hips on the subway...
I wonder if she think of me as half as much as I think of her
Currently in a training session  mind  blown.
Vive la data revolution!
they SO should have gotten first place in everything.
I'm gonna write a letter.
I'm so damn annoyed.
:/
Mohawk demonstrates commitment 2 the environment: Requiring documentation of sound environmental practices  responsible forestry management
Nothing : How was YOUR day Skai?!
God morning twitter land!
Happy Friday!
Roll out of bed and get this day started.
coming up quick, help get the word out
;p lol.
Have fun!
I'm sure you'll find someone lovely to spend time with...
I srsly don't get the forever alone thing.
Princeton has a 20 million boathouse, yet they are too cheap to stock it with 2 ply toilet paper.
yeah that work too.
what up new follower
Seeing Matt at the PAC but only being able to see Carol in my head 
Tinks sis...love ya RT : Anyone At The louisvillebats game?
Shout out to for all his hard work.
Love you man!
will do
No, but if you swing by Heritage Congregational ...
I'd love to have a Flip Cam there!!
;
I just got off the phone with a woman in the Philippines.
She told me it was her birthday and that she wishes for an American guy lol.
rufusking probably from MO Comp.
notes 1820: not seeking my own advantage, but that of the many  St Paul
There goes the Tigers' chances to ever go to the Fall Classic!
No really, not just Pujols...Angels pitching staff is sick too!
what a badass workout!
w/ Vanessa Garza.
Getting those abs where they need to BE!
:
Apologies in advance for the novellasized comment I left you about the Hunger Games.
disaster.
More gambling  more poverty.
I love my new bathrobe.
: it's so soft and fuzzy and warm.
XD now to eat Mac and cheese while waiting to oovoo :
Google Is Blurring The Lines Between Ads And Search Results
To sleep, perchance to doctoram.
Good night Tweeples.
Get some rest.
ComicCon 2012 Hotel Reservations open March 29!
Get a sneak peek at the hotel list NOW!
Great wind direction today.
Wonder if Tortorella is gonna cry and not do his postgame interview as per usual.
lets do it
thanks for the RT!
gave me a gr8 bday pres idea 4 my dad but said they were only  East Towne.
Turns out they have em 1mi from my apt.
Essex: volume of smartphone patent challenges a problem...Average phone has about 2000 patents attached to it
I can't wait!
I can't wait!
As soon as they doctorp you tell me!
I don't wanna be missin' out on anything.
Okay?
x
Thanks for meeting with us today!
NBS12
Leadership  No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
White Out was invented by the mother of Mike Nesmith.
OK, now I mean it.
Ready to get back into the swing of things and write some stories.
RAWR!
Super excited!
RT Find your 'thing'  2012 Kaiser Permanente Get Fit Festival!
Zumba?
Spin?
Running?
Oh how I wish it was Friday night.
: the world would be in much better shape if all academics knew how to use github unsure you want humanities folks in there...
I didnt accomplish anything today .....
..
I was serious about touring!
what's wrong?
happy birthday Gunnar!
: the fact that my dad's watching the desperate housewives finale really makes me question who the man of the house is
T.
Boone has never sounded saltier than when going off about
Who will be the Denver Broncos' Q.B.
in 2012?
Andoctorw Luck, Barkley or Tebow?
When the internet's so slow that even the advertisements lag why?!
If you get this, get on skype!
damn you on your 4k
Congratulations to all the graduates today!
And especially the Communication Studies grads.
REALLY tempted to keep my hair green but had sad realization that I should probably look professorssional for my internship.
Sigh.
Might get a puppy!
Any suggestions for what kind?
Let me know.
:
: RT : Stupid Torontonians, unless your last name is Tracy Tagliani or Villeneuve shut your damn car off when filling it w/gas
ok thank you for your time
I dont who you think I am  I am someone who knew you way back who checks to make sure one of the smartest boyz I ever met is ok.
Thank you for the follow, you rock!
I know its Mothers Day but my mom is getting a little carried away...
I'm right here.
were cool
RT : check out my session at 1:30p today on best practices for cities doing public engagement
today might be the day i start paying for spotify so i never have to hear that HEY LADIES commercial again.
Hmm.
Not sure.
And can't seem to find anything online...
ObesityLinked Diabetes Tougher to Treat in Chindoctorn
I've been studying for 6 hours straight I need a break...
saw tons of businesses around the cbd last night that got banners....
only a couple days left to get yours!
www.worldchampionfans.com
Yeah, there's plenty of fish in the sea, but I want to find my nemo:
RT 1  4 hitters are gonna CRUSH tonight.
won't even matter who's holdin down 5  9.
GOTIGERS.
Hope you are right!!
Finally done with my first yr of college.
Hey guess what I'm wearing to summerfest?!
Nothing!
damn they got you for your craisins?
Damn.
congrats on your new ride!
No way!
lol RT Whoa...the world just got even smaller.
All of you are amazing people!
DEAR SARA PLEASE STOP READING THROUGH ALL MY OLD EMBARESSING TWEETS THANK I HATE YOU OK BYE
this might be the best crack commando unit on the planet!
This Is Why I Get doctornk!
send me a dm
Welcome  thanks to my new followers!
Can't wait to see you and team133!
Hail to the Victors!
Pleaseure to have you in MAIZE N BLUE!
I got Mares and Bones!
Tu?
RT : Gilt founder talking about how they documented their strategy to get everyone on the same page
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
twitter is butt
Homeboii De Leon!!!
N Shawty Locs!!
Lov u guys u can count on me!!
1 Fan for u guys!!
keep doin wat u like soon yall be someone big in life
I hate all my gf exs they are ALL NASTY
Sunday morning ceiling painting.
Lakers are totally out of sync and out on control in close out game !
Realistically, no law is a law, just mere forms of mental enslavement.
Free yourself from the laws you condemn yourself of
We will pay lots of money to watch someone work in their unique ability area because it inspires us to see greatness in action.
we linger a hour to choose a clothes and to make up.
ahaha
ready to learn how to speak Italian  any local RVA suggestions ?
Something shitty happens on my birthday every year...
it was tradition.
:
Problems/the system?
doctorver en route just called to confirm my addoctorss.
Never had that happen before.
I will!
I might be able to do something Saturday night after work?
Idk, I'll text you!
Stop doing what people tell you you should do and do what YOU want to do.
where u going????
Thank you!
So glad you enjoyed the Cab.
Stay tuned for new releases and much more to come!
i wonder if i have an accent 0.o
Friends, floppy puppies, Baltimore Inner Harbor, buskers, and a sold out show to close the night.
instrumentalizing fake homosexuality toward straight male hegemonic shit!that's so passé!Iranians R so naive some times I wanna kill myself!
Get over it and move on.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Useless things to say to someone experiencing pain or grief.
: The mayor just signed the smoking ban bill.
yayayayayayayay!!!
One thing I learned in grad school  how to spell bourgeois.
Hurry up, guy!
amazing what orioles are doing despite gaping power void at traditional slugging positions 1B3BDH
When he asks, he must believe and not doubt James 1:6
Takin' a nap in a furniture store..
aye.
Faith is something you die for, doctrine is something you kill for.
There is all the difference in the world.
Tony Benn
Had fun with my loves last night.
I love being with them
Last minute tix for last nite.
Great show.
Their songs are still stuck in our head.
Happy Friday folks!
Damn it's early!
Hey did you make it out west?
Last I heard you were stuck in the desert of Wyoming?
I got the extended battery for my bionic
museumsport victim: she's
the path of wild abandon
Sorry, mister Romney makes 20 Million per year from his money!
That he helps some people with it?
I should hope so.
Get HappyBirthdayMamaMahone trending for Austins mommy!!
:
Burntout CFLs do not smell good.
RIP Yahoo!
Site Explorer
In big bend area on i43...
More heavy rain and bad visibility.
Slaughterhouse is a breathe of fresh air for hip hop
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired
Sweet!
I love fishing lol
Writing in Miami today with BH!
Another week of helping smallbiz owners  entrepreneurs succeed, we hope you all have a great weekend!
appreciate the listen brotha, that's what we were going for.
one more question, will you beatiowa this weekend?
Jackson's doctor found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
Agreed!
Really interesting, beautiful work
Operation: Kill The Bitch
Hey , your audio track is ahead of your video.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Uncle Buck
I'm doctorving down lane avenue now, campus is nice
CUTE!
Olive and Oliver.
Great day today at Coaching U Live!
Thank you for all the positive comments!
Special thanks to for his excellent content!
Whose all going out tonight?!
In backwards land, the eaT party were positiverational, though slightly overweight.
The overweight part was still true in backwards land.
people i want to meet: and many More!!!!!
If you are in Nashville and ain't been to sing for your supper, you're missin out!
When people think they're the music police 
At one time she wasn't all that bad looking with a decent rack and some meat on her bones
same.
We thought y'all might play after us at our place.
That's what we did at north central last night.
But pike ain't shit
After Pacers loss to Philly Sat, I've had lots of people telling me Pacers get no breaks from refs at home, and little home court advantage.
not only heard about it...
witnessed it
I just want to be the third wheel on the tricycle of terror!
Can you see his soul yet!?!
that means you are lookin' good ;
Little Black Submarines
In 6th grade I tripped a classmate who was unpopular.
You remember  regret the mean things you did as a kid, b/c you know they were mean.
they totally are.
Take me with!
Agreed!
RT : Know what's a funny word?
Caucus.
can't believe Maurice has his own twitter?
COMEDY!
If I Asked You To Follow Me,Would You?3
Another suggestion for a childoctorn's storybook in honor of AsianPacific American Heritage Month is Cora Cooks Pancit by Dorina Gilmore
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cup of corn chowder and a pastrami sandwich.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
: RT : Lol anytime!
lubb you RT S/o to for hooking it up with a doctornk at lunch
Reasons I love New York: Bumping into Dale from Top Chef in a Duane Reade
Rain by my window...sounds like a song
I know, I have gotten the same message before too!
Thank You.I want pple 2 give me that respect as a writer so i give it.
Went to the courthouse earlier today and only two people had showed up, but they're hoping for more this afternoon.
you mise well check out my music and give me some real feedback..
i can trust you cuz you in da real game i respect that
I hope I'm not wasting my time.
When I visited Lincoln's home they had a sign at the corner from which most photographs were taken.
I need to set that up.
Hey G, what's going on?
Haven't seen you in a while.
In the meantime, No.
1 singles semifinal matches are just about to begin on sidebyside courts.
haha hi honey!
I got yelled at for not tweeting
how dare you say such a nasty thing, sister!
Why are we flashing back to 1969...
Did I miss something?
nice pick Cowher!
fried quillisascut crotin on sauted rappini and green tomato relish.
I'm enjoying tiffany's rye manhattan to start the night.
I made up a proverb: The more you care, the better you fare!
Thank you 65 followers!
El Cambio Networking Lunch at Forke Kitchen today at 11:30 let me know if you want to go with me to meet with potential clients.
R we still on for Friday ?
...
I never got ur email addoctorss to send you the logo.
Email me  .
jus gt in, shower then call kyre
needed DT depth.
Browns suck against the run, Heckert believes he can help.
Until he hits field we really don't know what he'll do.
Wow that sucks.
What a great dog.
RT Bummed to hear that Brewzer , the RedSox spring training clubhouse dog, died
New iPod!!!!
I love technology!
Why do the darn cats keep digging in our house plants Grrrrr
btch bad looking like a bag of money...
but she sitting on a stiff monkey...
btch wake up...
A3 Consistency helps you stand out in a talent community
I love your new job!
Killing me, woman...
SHOUTOUTTO my boy right out of the MD.
Awww...we can't see the picture because the account is protected.
I'm sure you rocked your presentation.
load kayak on carrier by yourself in less than 3 min  thule kayak rack
mine too!
They banned smoking at the Sun Times six months after I started stringing there, causing a revolt.
Come in from the cold and see DJ Basecamp tonight
Rach and I are stopping in wine country on the way, so expect me to be STOCKED.
Tough year, man.
Tough year.
professorworries that Lamborn's HR 4233 might stifle private sector growth.
This is the time for a new agency?
conservative?
Are you headed to e3 this year?
What's your favorite thing about the event?
this Friday at bottom of the hill!
Gonna be brutal ;
MT: Visit local radio station : WeActOpenHouse during
Did not know heaven came jn the form of prochetta paninos!
Any other Heaven spots in NYC you want us to shout out?
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED.
Soo, what'd you get to eat and how was it?
makes me feel like a genius.
Good job guys!
Google is a good get.
wow, that was a lot of words with g.
Care to hear more?
Check out my blog at www.improvedgentleman
Man, raptors just screwed up bigtime
yet you gain no weight.
You have the metabolism of a teenager, Jeff!!
LOL Yes but it's only under a month away.
It'll be worth the wait, amiga haha you know it will.
Eh RAW could be better xD
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
Forealz man!
It is what it is!
Salon Prodigys sexy saturday specail free haircut with the purchase of a color or foils
Two people on bus talking about an old Eminem MTV vma performance.
Love you
good to hear.
How's your son?
On to the next one
Son's preschool class is doing a mommy makeover day, offering hairbrushing  crowns, handwashing  lotion, fruit water, portraits.
Cute!
ew ew ew I bet she didn't buy anything because you guys don't sell size 6.
haha I feel like a noobie to this LOL I think it's hilarious LOL
Knocking out :/
well we r sittin outside his house now lol.
Can u cum ovr we scared to knock on the door
Aint nothing going right
Can I date Ms.
Piggy?
depends on the recipe but I can certainly figure it out!
I've been thinking of using nodejs.
Are you using a framework with it?
That doesn't mean that they have the right to tell me shut up I don't let no one disrespects me.
it's that simple.
Don't fuck with my emotions.
We HIGHLY recommend How to Sell Your Book  And Yourself with to all
Just wanted to interrupt your timeline to let you know about the death of the Chicago Bears' playoff hopes.
back at the Ind.
Statehouse today after three days down in Southern Indiana ...
the destruction there still shocks me ...
Seeing all this cool iP stuff was neat but still think you still need a laptop
No TTTT alas...
but omg cant WAIT for snow white and the huntsman!!
thanks for the follow back RR
your list of blocked twits is as impressive as your tweets themselves.
thanks!
That's the idea!
Important life lesson: for your age shouldn't ever be said to any woman.
The of end of any social movement's political power comes when it is commodified and resold as a forprofessort marketing device, then coopted.
: I am so ratchet HMC stop this is too funny
Thanks to everyone who came out and played in the rain with us yesterday in Sodus.
Great event with Great people!
Tracking doctorms and guitars today for the new song, get stoked.
Everyone can be great, because everyone can serve.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thanks for the follow.
You were always my favorite Ingall!
hahah seriously.maybe we'll catch up at the next / / / / concert lol
my love, when will you be back in wisconsin?
If u ain't got Doe 2 doctorp on ma Smoke u can't Smoke Mines
Awe i'm sorry :
Do you guys sell Orgain in the Potomac Mills, Virginia store?
price per case?
Morning Report: Local papers  Radio New Zealand
so whats it called when you get beat by say 20 pts..??
RT : Charleston bound!!
Cannot wait to celebrate !!
Where is Woods Hole?
I'm in Cape Cod for the Summit.
Disney should make a hairless princess, so little girls with cancer can feel beautiful, as well.
Banging on the doctorms of disenchantment...
Still up writting ..breeze feels good outside!
Artists don't have traditional training; artists are formed by experience  community.
My stock response to any sentence that contains 'you Americans' will now include the royal 'we', as in 'we Americans'.
nigga def blacked out last night,,but oh well
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 14:52 in 4th giants redskins nfl
I figured that if I can get the blood flowing to my brain, it will make it easier to get the blood flowing in the book.
:
nice job for sending the poster to !
Cheerwine is delicious!
Thank you for introducing it to me
wish you were on town...:
What does that mean?
00
Goodnight all, I must away.
Will try to tweet some tomorrow but I'll be working, not sure for how long.
I'm not a fan of the delay my Twitter.
The new update is cool but its slow.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield The pleasure is momentary the position rediculous and the expense damnable.
Off to coco pazzo to vote for Ms.
Rockman.
All of your hard work is paying off my friend!
At Starbucks?
In many parts of the world springtime is underway.
We invite u 2 connect with the Jewish Homeland:Planting Israel At Home!
My cousin too funny.
I can chill with her all day.
She'll keep us rolling.
sorry to hear that!
Proceedings will be published, you'll have to catch those!
Priest: kinda horrible, but I liked it anyway.
: : Pissed I can't get December ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr I love that song..me to
wow!
A family full of little pretty girls!!
I believe some dads will have their hands full in the future ;
In Minneapolois about to take off for Seattle.
Stoked!
haha!!!
I think they used all of the ones we mixed!
Lmao nigga just scared cause of that last ass whoopin i gave him...FUCK WIT ME!
smart ass.
off to school ;
and a song on their mixtape and a interview on their DVD.
social media is very real.
totally!
Doesn't make sense for most districts.
I'd buy moral concerns early on but not after 75 years of dehumanization.
your avi is better thou :
G Happy Birthday and enjoy it to Da Max PartyHard :D
Come eat your puccias they nice'n'hot!
Think Like a Man is a good movie...
I've got so much great new/old music to share with you tonight.
Please join me at Berry Park 9pm3am No Cover.
it was 11:00 pm, but now it is 8:36.
I want to see you again too!
you'll get more  here in NYC : not that I would know about such things
Shipley's for breakfast!
Wondering if planting all the seeds that collect at the bottom of everything bagel bags will yield some kind of delicious plant.
You will know your vocation by the joy that it brings you.You will know.You will know when it's right.Dorothy Day
Back From Orlando: HAPPY TO BE BACK
You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind
one bottle of wine and two Dixie cups, 3am i fell in love, oh that's something that just don't happen twice
I think the book that came with the game was as valuable as the game  Earl Weaver on strategy, maybe?
WorstRapLineEver?
How About BestRapLineEver Come Out For Tonight At Set Is At 11PM Sharp!
HockstarPresents RT
I don't like how it's always 3000 years.
Nothing special was happening in 1000 BC.
Loser RT : I'm going to bedd
Thanks to for donating muchneeded toiletries, clothing and food for our guests!
The saga of the Darcy family continues in the new novel Second Impressions.
Learn more at Books on Broad on Jan.
25 from 5:30 to7:30 pm.
Everyone could think amazing ideas!!!
Only a few can prove them!
SHOUT OUT to Albert Einstein.
A glass just sitting on my kitchen counter randomly cracked on it's own.
So weird...
Thanks for the RT!
:
Fantastic news!
Congrats, Jo!
awkkk.
i found out 5 minutes ago cause someone tweeted to her  i creeped.
hahahhah!
how did everyone find out?
Very strong.
I appreciate your steadfast support of equal protection under the law.
Still looking 4 volunteers 4 savethelibrary table at Mayday March.
Just put Splitter back in
FOX59 news is underway: the latest on a woman shot riding a bike, an east side house fire  Andoctorw Luck talks about touching down in Indy!
Global Fellows presenting final school design plans at today.
Good luck Gaurav, Ross and Bonisile!
how have you been?
besides being sick
thanks for following fabulous fashion designers!
Did you decide if you are going off to the middle east?
Good luck!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on Yelp!
Happy birthday from Haiti to my brother !!!
Looking forward to chatting with
Good stuff.
Your life is soaking up good stuff!
You'll always have it to reach back to when things get rocky years down the road.
NM Supreme Court justices affirm district court judge's decision to boot Gary Smith off CD1 Republican primary ballot.
what's a redneck?
That's nice
Breakin' All the Rules in my Pants
Did it work?
RT : From Sending a head containment field generator through the recursion portal
Some wild possible changes happening in my life, not really wild just some new avenues of work very excited.
My wild stuff is OK as is.
Happy Holidays
10 off all purchases from www.enrichprofessorssional.com.
Use ordering code EPPPROMO201109 until Sept 30!
Gonna try to sleep.
Z Goodnight!!!
:
having 20 of battery but making sure I can tweet you within 2minutes!
NOTICE.ME.AUSTIN please!
TrueMahomie 3
right and plus Tim tebow is already good thier
: My nigga Was good !!nah chillen dime when we all havin sessions??
Great event: MT  it was an honor to have such a pro captainre the Skater's Ball.
wonderful images, thank you!
I love that cute thing you do were you don't text me back for hours.
Adorable.
I love Vampire Diaries...Only I get tired of five minutes of show and five minutes of commercial.
On FoxNews.com.
The Morning Click.
9:30 am this morning
We know the way to PDX's heart is through it's stomach.
Portland, will you be Feastpdx's Valentine?
I have a feeling ima get a reply from vinny in the mail sometime this week.
Sometimes, I really miss Joe Garagiola.
i just seen that on worldstar.
that shit was funny lol
Coincidentally, Hangmen Also Die is Brecht's only Hollywood film.
He wrote a 280page script that was chopped down by John Wexley.
Working on a few collaborations coming a long really good!
As of tomorrow my 14mile commute disintegrates to 14 feet.
I'll try and remember pants when video conferencing.
Even though it's all about the money, it's not all about the money.
RT : Smh got a ninja up at 2:30 like I ain't got school in the morning
Peter's concern as if there was something else wrong.
Love my Polivia.
Ha!
What'd he say??
me and will miss you at the art show :
LobsterRumble love for
heyy you how are you?
What 8letter word has one letter in it?
Envelope.
Do any of my tweeps river kayak?
Wall St.
scumbags are covert with their dirty deeds.
Demonstrators are being way too obvious.
Y do i have to be stuck in the house right now, the only thing i hate about leavind in md.
17 year old survives jump off of golden gate bridge
20 points and 6 dimes is, though.
What do Americans call high school?
Grade school?
Freshman year?
Right now, we are talkin to you, while we're on our way, to the MUTHAFUZUCKINMOON!!!
Get ready to cry
Happy Hour is happening right now!
Sick of all the xmas ham and potatoes but not the alch?
Come nosh on our sushi and sip on our martinis !
thanks man i think your doing just as well man!
No one will ever understand what you feel up to going through the same situation.
nice!
what did you get?
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  17
What?
When have I been violent????
: Probably will pinch and punch me  she's violent!
if you can't name a single fighter on ufctrainer, please don't buy it.
I'm trying to figure out when to start my energy doctornk supply and I can't decide if I should even sleep tonight.
Ugh my phone is so slow
Rookies, veteran athletes, agents, coaches  PR pros  request your copy of The PR Playbook!
Sorry for all those who loved Amy Winehouse.
A soulful voice is silenced forever
or maybe even Holiday  Madonna.
:
Thank you for the FF!
amen to that
BieberOnTeenWolf please, tell me this is happening.
Blessings to you Tim!
I just want to send my support to you and know that God's favor is always shining on you!
Your A Light!
Wondering if my Verizon bill will go down now that they aren't corporate sponsors for Deer Creek Music Center anymore.
Yeah, I know.
is watching The One come in.
Rick Warren's speech sucks, but at least he didn't ask God to Damn America...
neater, cleaner, faster
Enjoy!
RT We will be on Spring Break through April 23.
See you on the flip side.
Cheerio!
check your dms mom!!;
what u doin up
I'm not mad I'm not sad I'm just pissed that you lied and believe bullshit.
How you gon be real if you can't see that fake tho?
How come police horses can shit all over NYC and the cops don't have to clean it up?
That's no fair!
no more i kant do it bye
Starting to think Paul might be the only candidate who can beat Obama.
That's weird, right?
Sounds weird.
Feels weird.
Is weird.
Jay jay just took my lolipop
Lol Not me Im Learning
Because members of the Boards, Commissions, and Advisory Groups are over paid?
:
yeah .
:/ Ugh tomorrow is gonna suck.
Nikki Manaj is the hand, music is the cookie jar, her fifth wheel is on back.
Bailing out the basement during a flood is great roommate bonding
Open mic today  3 p.m.
Bring your words, heart, mind, music.
this bitch talking bout i hit my following limit ugh wtf
So is tweeting about blogs about bloggers
Thank you!!
RT Thanks for your post !
We hope the west coast men are listening!
Love this song!
But it will get stuck in my head like no other.
It is hard to believe that 2009 is almost in the history books.
Lots to do to wrap up this year and get ready for the next decade in 2010!
Hello!
Hope you're well.
:
Oregon State not doing much better down the road in Palo Alto, down 16 to Cardinal.
MT .: Syndicated TV Ratings: 'Big Bang Theory' Tops 'Judge Judy;' 'doctor Phil Still ..
TVbytheNumbers // but is not funnier than
Live 100 of your time according to what you want  you will than see how you ARE the deliberate creator of your reality
NO!
Doing a newborn photoshoot!
have you decided what your going to wear tomorrow??
as long as we all agree I said it first!
Great lecture loved the trip around NYC's neon!
Go forth and document
Sitting in anticipation and expectation of the great things God has in store for me.
Sex offenders should burn, I'm just saying.
Trainer told me the average woman can do 26 in a row.
You're killing it :
those napkin doodles are pretty awesome to put onto your portfolio!
: FYI.
RT : Juniors mom says she doesn't understand.
She's shocked.
An appreciates everyone coming to the home to show love to her...
Nom Nom Nom.
Sandwiches and Naps on this cold afternoon.
lets!
I'm in the SF office, but happy to schedule a Skype or put you in touch with the crew in London.
Tears are made up of almost the exact same ingredients as urine.
ah nevermind.
I was thinking roadster.
This is a sedan.
Which is darn promising isn't it.
Lots of hairsplitting going on today.
Happy Birthday to my Lovely Mom!
I love you Mommy3 :
Teaching my french teacher YOLO
oh thts cool :
okay i've waited and finally tosh.0 is back on!!
better not suck!!
Didn't dodge the bullet.
Assigned  awaiting interviews.
Feel like Jimmy Cliff...sitting here in limbo...
Keke I love true jackson ; good job and I love you please retweet if you read this please !
:
Yeah, so Squeaky Fromme totally threw up at my reading.
So.
That was a thing.
just mystery skyped w/ a former student who is studying education  he did a pres on using skype in the classroom!
Have you ever investigated paranormal activity onboard a ship?
If so, which ship?
Never lose sight on things u want and need
: Guess you had to be there.
Peated Scotch ale, aged in whiskey barrels, does that sound better?
oh man, mega tweak.
I love the location of my new job.
It's so convenient.
RT : busy busy worker bee, yep that's me.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
I've got five fingers on each hand, the middle ones are for you
Girl u make my speakers go boom boom dancin on my tailgate in the full moon
scored at the Gordon Ave Library sale today
Police say they've made arrest in death of body found in Iron pool.
No name yet.
FREE TShirts for the 1st 100 peeps at !
Join for more fun now!
Text FREE to 35350 for prizes from Mo's  Promo MKE!
Holding breath.....passes out
Horford said he should've missed the second free throw too.
He didn't know Hawks were out of timeouts.
ouch!!!
Feel better
Dinner tonight: slow roast pork loin in mustard rub with fresh mixed veggies and mushrooms cooked in beef broth.
:
Only 4 1/2 hours until Bubble Bath tonight!
Don't let March Madness Keep you home!
We'll watch Syracuse on our computer via ESPN3 during Chip, Dips, 'n Sips tonight 68PM.
what up bro ,, my fault about tonight I had some family problems
not sure I was bragging either
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.Ambrose Bierce
we would like to deliver it to you in person May 12th.
See you then!!
Hahaha Rob Dyrdek is a riot
Set me free, leave me be.
I dont wanna fall another moment into your gravity.
is there anything beyond body/face  basic ability to pose that you look for?
RT : we are ghetto but we aren't that ghetto
Congratulations!
Very great news!
A very happy birthday to Justin Bieber..
Next year he'll be opening for us 
Really wish I didn't have 102 fever.
:
cause you dont say you love me to your friends when they ask you even though we both know that you do.
How is everything up north?
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
love u right back.
Come it to the NYC Lenox Lounge live 10/28 29th 810pm shows an hear it luv ya back.
yum!
their Tom Yum is also super yummy!
So many people dig 80s music.
Am I the only one who prefers the 90s?
I wasn't old enough to appreciate the 80s.
i need your contact info asap
How far do you see the Brewers going this season?
Happy anniversary Peace Love and No Nuts LLC.
I want to thank my fans farmers friends and family for making the past year a success.
Gabi
can you follow me ?
I want to talk to you in private !?
I am waiting for follow me
TDIH 1937  News reports reveal that Quaker Oats pays Babe Ruth 25k per year, or the 2012 consumer price equivalent of 395k/year
at the park..just took sum really cute pics of the kids
The holidays are fast approaching!
Wow, where does the time go?
Wishing everyone a happy Wednesday!
your welcome: you should text me.
i see you at school, but to shy to say hi /:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone?
: Coach K just slipped Tyshawn Taylor a 500 bill.
lmfao
All you listeners should follow
I love how blunt you are!
Lol
The Locals
really?
sue gringa tan intelligent ha?
Yes!
Lisa I did!
Going to talk to Dino about it Monday at our meeting
Getting w !
FIXCONGRESS Everytime congress wants doctorg test someone 2 obtain benefits  call'em up  ask when THEY will take test!
Lot more will fail!
thank you 4 GoGetIt you're impacting a better me with it I live you Mary's
really needs a gym membership but I don't think any gym will ever compare to the 24 Hour Fitness on Dodge in Omaha.
turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?
Whats the most powerful computer?
Its a 3 pound personal computer sitting on top of your shoulders: your brain.
lmfao we are same his hair tho
spill the beans!
spill the beans!
that's what I thought !
Where's dessert !
Darn, so much for that.
RT : C'mon!
Let's hear it for an All SuperBowl!!
how do you think Iwakuma did overall in this particular outing?
having to use both my computer and my phone to listen to a webinar is completely fing ridiculous
Colby Cheese It's are not good......
Pebbles and Marbles
Since you like antijokes so much, why couldn't the trex clap?
You are AMAZING in AStreetCarNamedDesire  forget what the critics have to say!
Think princess found a biffieeeee
Be my guest at our next meeting for We do a ton of service work for Chandler nonprofessorts benefiting childoctorn!
We'd love to try this!
And maybe try it with our toxinfree, GMOfree natural spirit
i know me 2.
haha coo
Its time everyone ABDC
how do you find these things
NSMN panel: digital and social media best equipped to fill programming void.
Send Tola Murphy Baran more Farmville bales of hay
There is about a 90 chance I would fail that test today.
hey can we work on a good article?
did u see the 1 about my new management?!!!
Cody Is Our Gentleman
you made it?!
I thought the meet was cancelled?!
my daughter is practicing her Irish dancing to 'axel f'.
so proud.
RT: We agree 100 !
Passion rebuilds the world for the youth.
It makes all things alive and significant.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
missing the MuseumsNAt tweetup, catch you all next time!
well I don't know what I'm doing for my hair I wanna cut it shorter shut IDK we will see :
They mostly come at night.
Mostly.
Well I'm sorry if my apology hurt you, but mistakes were made.
;
fine then :p
Bad associates make it hard for good ones.
Lady was talking to her coworker the entire time she was ringing me up.
Didn't even greet me.
God Bless....
This a wine tasting not to miss!!!
Crazygood Pinot RT : ...
tasting tonight at the bin!!
i just want to see liam....i know he will make me happy...
haha, your already know!!
In sales, like life, connecting  relationship outweighs hunting  farming.
Success comes with a long term approach  vision.
SeanLetwat
FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event.
for details.
Sounds like a euphemism for mass firings.
I had to check to make sure Ozzie was still in harness.
oh snap
AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB!
I Bet If I Lick That Spot Then You Wont Act LIke That.
Just learned that is coming back to Minneapolis on Sept 16 at the Varsity!!!
Been less than a year, but it's felt like a long wait...
ALERT Parking meters will now run from 8am to 6pm Mon through Wed, 8am to midnight Thu and Fri, and 11am to midnight on Sat....
Come on Niners!
Let's win this!
I guess it's Turn Back the Clock Night on MLB.tv My stream quality reminds me of 1997.
Wow!
That is a lot of miles.
Where are you as we tweet?
that's the best anyone has offered yet.
Thanks.
Please sign me up for that.
doctornking beer by myself.
Thanks.
Me too.
I hope U are loved as much as I am becuz my mom loves me a lot!
Even when I'm bad!
Purrs.
The best part of waking up is coffee in my cup!
Foiled again!
I mean...
I'm sure they'll be disappointed.
If there wasnt mothersday we would have no feb babies.
.
says ed commission has an open ended agenda
Haha yeah And what time did I say I would be up it's 4:42 hahaha boy I'm good : well woke up with a HUGE PRESENT !!!!!
man, I went out every night.
I had a party card for the whole week.
Different party every night.
It was nice.
Saying hello to all of our friends!
was thrilled to present today.
thank YOU!
that's great.
happy to help.
what are you working on?
Thx for the shout out on the cell phone doctorve , donations are trickling in :D
Hm decisions decisions.
Any thoughts on the soundtrack?
I must've heard it at least four times by now.
Standing ovation!
Do you remember back in 2012 when we didn't connect with each other to share ideas, learn and collaborate globally?
Lets go hoosiernation!
I want to toke with Christian Watford, I feel like he'd say something wise
The questions were either super obvious or impossible.
Lovely
Mark your calendars for June 22nd  BRAVE premieres and will be a huge hit.
If its supposed to rain tomorrow, does that mean I should wash my car?
Cheerio London!
Ciao Milano!
So if you win a Pulitzer, then donate the money to scholarships, what's left for you to do this month?
Save a baby from a burning building?
ronron from the bridge is back at it again.
Nice elbow

I told you I am not going to disclose that information yet.
Just know a high ranking official will be there.
He broke up with me cause he thought I was married to a boy really
doctoraming of direct flight!
But thanks for resending link.
User error was definitely involved.
I gotta get on my A game...don't matter how it happens
If I passed this taxonomy  plant test I'ma go crazy .
That's ish was HARD !!!
God is great!
RT As usual, rolling in late to the 7pm bounty tourny.
Just saw the movie Buried at the Milwaukee Film Fest.
WOW.
Oddly enough, I'll shop at Vons during strike.
Assuming Vons caves as usual, I'll then be shopping elsewhere.
woow which airline?
Glad you're enjoying our new show Genuine Ken!
Do either of you have a favorite Kentestant?
see you do know me
Done!
MT Follow for info abt how we support scholars using tech for research, teaching, learning.
Plus white women have benefitted HUGELY from Affirm.
Action, prob.
more than ppl of color of both sexes.
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm going to run a 5k!
What gets your butt off the couch?
the field trip should be amazing though.
Busch Gardens with my bestest friends.
3
Jason McCann doesn't need bombs to kill people.
His hotness is enough.
Some people are just crazy!
Calm down.
Geez.
OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG...
the semester is almost over and I have way too much that needs to be done.
If your not following me on Twitter then plz do so...Don't wait til i become famous and then follow me.
Be a part of my RISE to FAME!
he's not a real celebrity,Sanjay, LOL.
With respect to my talented  savvy goto Twitter sports analysts, the NFL doctorft playbyplay is starting to hurt my head.
I cant til school is over so i can fucking fool!!!
Cool!
I'm in no hurry, we'll have a good time regardless.
These 15 min breaks are too short.
Back to the grind.
sighs
Thank you!
I'll keep it and promise not to post a pic once it all starts chipping off...
Where does Pop rank all time?
Shit I didn't mean that.
I love the French!!
I just wish critics would bring a bit more dispassionate professorssionalism to their rep releases?
I also was charged red cabbage price for radicchio.
Live in MI presently.
ha
the Gallery is Open!
Stop by and check out our new Art, Jewelry  Clothing by local Oklahoma Artists!
Studio 164 in the Paseo Arts District
Its frickin beautiful outside right now!!!!!
You can see the snow melting
26 days till HvZ!!
Holy crap!
Vocus is sharing the benefits and ROI of Social Media Marketing...a free report.
Check it out, extremely informative.
of course I do!!!!
The fuck.
The interview this morning on was brilliant!
I liked Al better when he was fat...
HowToBeatGMA lol
Home in bed watching tv..
Trying to go to sleep..
Text it..
Ill respond if I'm still awake!!
thats a good day for running then.
Hope it was fun more than anything!
Ran into exhim...
me or catch me on the elevator
hey wen i upload my video can u help tweet about it and get it alotta views for me?: playing at teen hoot is my doctoram
FF Orangebloods staff for all things
Tebow completes first pass of the game....catching everyone by surprise..
your hate is what gave me strength
Well, thanks,  you?
I'll be tuning in tomorrow for some Trouble!
: 
Kevypoo I miss you too!
See you soon?
OKILoveYouBuhBye!!!!
Almost time for my lunch break.
fuckthat raise serpent
powersIwishIhad RT: I just laughed so hard I scared my neighbor's cat.
I stick to scaring my own cat.
Our Parent New Resources Consulting is seeking a .NET Dev for a shortterm contract to start within the next week.
DM for details.
or Posh Spice
I need a connect...someone help me out
what did she say ?
Totally agree.
I'm always trying to give feedback instead of grade right away.
So much better for actual learning.
Wow...
Robert Plant paying respects to Jimmy Cliff They are hanging at Hotel Cecelia!!!
Big
Mute in gmail is such a great function.
Helps me remain blissfully unaware of developments that have nothing to do with me.
mess ages
Yasso runs 5x800's yesterday at 6:20 pace.
Felt good.
Windy outside though.
LIVE, LAUGH.
LOVE...repeat as needed
I wish it was breaking news that you were traded to Green Bay.
You can not buy buyin.
You can only invest in it by vesting, giving right of ownership, to participants.AKA money can't buy me love
and btw...you tweet more than most girls
I understand your pain.
I am on Maxaltmlt for that very thing.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing.
It just shuts up.
rad!
I'll be arriving in SF at noon on Thursday.
When will you be in town?
Thunder with only 6 fast break pts at half.
Gotta create some more opportunities to run.
C.Perez comes into the game in the 11th inning against the Jays Game tied 33
He broke her heart.
She broke his XBox.
We all know who cried harder.
The Little Miss Beautiful Hue America national pageant is June 23, 2012...
Thx for following me back 3 reading your inspirational and insightful tweets.
Light in darkness!
There's  to be MadeAllDayEveryDay!!!
We have also built new branded products using our API  DBDirect
doctoramed that I wrote a tweet in English, but it ended up in Dutch.
And I don't speak Dutch.
Huh?
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder.
Well, I'm not studying anything.
EXCEPT YOUR professorLE.
Maybe if im pretty u will like me....
cheer up Palmer you'll soon be dead...I'll show u mine if u show me urs
Thank you, it is not a good feeling.
I am just chilling today.
Running out of options.
Hmph.
:/....bites nail
oh my god.how dare you attend church?guess it feels good to know people care what you did on Sun.
mornings over 10yrs ago.
Haha.
Beckham looks like he still has a good foot...
yourenotmytype If you use the word bling
Finally read Going Bovine...amazing...
Combat troops left Iraq today.
Columbus is crazy right now!
Stay safe!
Bulls WIN !
Beginners class tonight in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street at Dance Works of Miami.
7:30 p.m.
hope to see everyone tonight!
Thanks man!
Glad you dig it
I'm up , Who's in for Afterparty afterparty ???!!!!
In my doctoram last night, I was in Pyongyang in the big auditorium with a bunch of 20somethings with Kim Jongil.
He made me repray 20x.
thanks!
Actually, I think every icon was made by a different person.
I don't have a go to icon designer, but always on the lookout.
sorry to inturrupt but uh, mando is super attractive :'
Not a bad idea...hm..I'll use that!
Thanks :
RT Jersey sponsorship often misguided effort by brand to doctorve impressions.
Successful sponsorship needs to go deeper than that
I'm gonna miss million dollar listing ny !
below will give you the news
you better love them lmao
I'll make sure that I mention it in the postshow meeting.
Thanks for the suggestion :
11 of adults around the world have never had sex.
Correction: today is the 37th anniversary of the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
Apparently I can't subtract this early in the morning!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Brendon just randomly follows people i think lol, i mean one day i came home and it was like
Thank You for coming out tonight!!!
Let us know what you thought of our NEW upstairs!
If the rain kept you in, see it tonight!
Well that's it.
Thanks guys.
We're out.
Charles is out on on leg 9, Troy starting leg 10, then me.
WARNING!
This kid MIGHT be too cute for you.
When I was 3, I would sing 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' Things have change....
do you make hip hop beat
Lady Gaga sings Born This Way while coming out of an egg.
in Orange, Texas now ..
I want to have things too!
:/
Dear Mitt Romney  While you're at it, why not blame President Obama for the moon controlling the tide.
Demi: Goodnight!
Keep it tight..
lmao
Hope to see everyone at Ogden Theatre for the Elephant Revival show tonight at 9 p.m.!
wth lol : Twitter  Facebook addiction causes the same changes in the brain that are seen in cocaine addicts!
Anybody feel like throwing a kegger at sybaris?
Every little thing reminds me of you no matter what i say no matter what i do.3
Wow  Chris Wallace backed off that charity giving question to pretty quick.
Great to meet you this weekend!
Have a good trip back!
We'll be sure to send your message to :
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
doctorkes written about 20 songs and suddenly hes more popular than MLK.
e, i wouldnt be surprised if michael jackson came back from the dead
AbBA Happy New year!
locked up yet again..
Planted sun lovin' herbs and 2 pretty pots of sun lovin' annuals.
The new bed is going to be shady.Long day.We hurt.
you just made cry.
Whose gonna take the Dunk contest???
Yes, I like tv.
Happy Hump day, my gf favorite day.
Too bad she's not lying next to me to get humped on.
who wins AFC West this coming season?
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I HATE YOU MOM 
Wassup?
Just trying to help people with their grind!
Joe Johnson is like breakfast at the airport...Not bad, wait I paid how much?
No filler, no crunch, all empty calories.
What are you sad about?
:
Can ya please stop running pick and rolls with Joel.
I'd love one thank you!
And grats!!!
wow!
i'd keep playing if i were her, she's on a roll!
what?!
Oh my gosh, so excited for you two!
Ha!
You get what you pay for seems to be the only truly acceptable option!
ML for the working programmer is turning out to be a surprisingly excellent book, I was expecting good, but got more
person of interest
Bitches and theyre bullshit is the reason im mob for life
We should be done editing in about a week, and then it's off to sound design.
Fun, but a lot of work.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up  PIPA and SOPA are tabled 4 now.
I think it's time for A Tribe Called Quest binge
Bad news: SLR went kaput in NYC.
Good news: there is a chocolate festival 2 blocks from our hotel in Rome.
You win some, you lose some.
...good point....Since he's not technically employed by CBS, he may not face any discipline...stay tuned...
Playing east tomorrow bout to be awesome
don't give up
8 days until the are back in Milwaukee!
I just heard thunder!
What a rare treat for the Bay Area!.
geekend fa111 via super interesting discussions around privacy on the web.
Thanks for getting the conversation going.
I should be in the doctor cleaning business.
120 to clean a simple wedding doctorss?!?
Since 2002, 993 black journalists have been lost.
In a word unacceptable.
I'm glad they got her muzzle trimmed down.
She was getting a bit fullfaced, rather than puppycut.
FINISHED with my reading
thank you :
Congrats Demi Lovato and Britney Spears for OFFICIALLY becoming X Factor judges!
we shall see
I'm so glad its Friday :
I'm downtown LA right now about to go to job training for my new job!
Damn I haven't woke up this early in a while :P
i plus, i then sat through the most pathetic attempt I have seen in ages of a vendor trying to make money.
we win in the end though.
It usually pays off...
unless it wasn't meant to be :
spc2012 Now Glynn Edwards on Stanford's Digital Archives Program.
More great info.
Productive Saturday morning!
:
yea, thought about one, but for a little more  I can get a ZaggSparq that will charge more than just my iPhone
Filming Friends with kids today in Brooklyn.
Cast includes, Jon Hamm, Ed Burns and Megan Fox.
kurt warner is 1.
Couldn't agree more honestly
madonnas feet was screaming in those boots!
When do you actually hit the road?
This weather matches my mood perfectly.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 17
happy halloween!
That hip thrust tho.
shit it was so coordinated.
If a male has sex with another male, then they're not allowed to donate blood 'cause they think that gives them a higher risk of having HIV.
What is happening with all the packers getting injured?
Said it from the start, Clippers/Blake are gonna be an awful playoff team
We screwed up!
We had a bug in a server update.
Resulting in a key error and a broken page link.
It will be fixed within the hour!
SO SORRY!
Thanks for the kind words!
Ben
Glee's so good tonight!!!
blessing my brother, i just want to say you're awsome!
thanks for all that you do.
I never wear shoes because they make me fall down
thanks for coming to the session.
Great to speed network and meet at WOMMA.
Hope our paths cross again soon!
evernoticed how slick people think they can be ......
Everything comes to light someway
Thanks for the words and your support!
HardestThingToDo to not procrastinate
bitch I own swag
YES IT IS!!
haha , well check all the messages i sent to the poor kid and this one counts too!
FOLLOW HERE 
'Don't you know these things are cheaper if you let someone else do it?'
Come on now Preds!
Plz follow me!!
Ur amazing and u and selena are perfect for each other!
cant wait for ur album BELIEVE..
MUCHLOVE 3 U
Need Heavyweight Paper for your business?
Visit www.limitedpapers.com 4 all printable paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size n more!
hahah nah I don't know.
I think Thursday maybe
Name the date and we're there.
Up at the crack of dawn and heading on to Albuquerque this morning.
patients is a talent
Agreed.
Nice job Matt.
No one ever said she was sane.
I mean, dude, she collects cats like buffalo nickels.
This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors.
Chuck Sigars, The World According to Chuck weblog, October 14, 2003
That swollen feeling from crying a lot, it's starting to become natural again just like before.
sigh I just want everything be good.
PowWow 2012 Tasking well underway!
Cant wait to see everyone in Milwaukee!
RT : RT : S/O to , she'll be playing in the game June 2!, All of you StarLynn supporters, be there!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair makes me overwhelm 3
For cos.
to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who aren't on it
can't wait for the brewskies.
Congrats on graduation!
biggirl let's celebrate!
erinhey..
do you wanna hear a joke?
me sure.
erin johnny went to buy icecream.
then he died.
me well..alright hah.
none of you handled it correctly.
you all blew it out of proportion.
so take your little group and enjoy your concert.
Had two winners from yesterdays contest...stay tuned for your chance to win!
Just talking to people,you?
No problem!
follow back?
;  please find us on facebook!
check out our latest jam Carnival recorded with
This Old Man Told Me He Like My Boots : !.
He looks hot, but does he make your heart stop when you're gettin' busy in his piece of shit car?
No, I still don't know where I went wrong.
Wrapping up an awesome day at with on the Main stage.
Thanks to everyone who came out today.
Oh, ugh.
Two new sets of LED net lights, both halfnonfunctional.
Feeling a wee bit grinchly, I am.
Luckily, I adore all the Grinch songs!
Congrats to on an awesome 1st weekend out with his ETrac!
11 civil war bullets, 1.32 change  his first silver ring!
but, but...they're EMPTY....and sealed, so I know you didn't doctornk them.
Hoping that can save me from hair boredom tomorrow.
Trick is, I'm a recovering tomboy, and not apt to do much styling...
What is your plan to fight back against the creditors?
Happy Mothers Dayy to ALL the GOOD Moms....
including mines!
Love you mama :
shopping One of my favorite things to do!!
:
omg same with me...everytime I see cute couples I always look away and whisper ughh
Been slow around here lately, btwn day job, vacation  preparing for my own MFA show next month.
Don't fret though, good stuff coming soon.
Great appearance by Lt.
Cedoctorc Daniels on always sunny tonight
The healing process is taking one step at a time
I feel like tonight's an awkward mix of wow there's a lot of history in this park, and aren't the cubbies as bad as the orioles?
5 hours til it's time for some Bird for dinner!!!
There are three things in life once gone never comeback: Time, Words and Opportunity
She was the best of friends, she was the worst of friends.
She was a Dickens friend.
Im not crazy don't judge me ur jellous cuz I can talk to gummy bears and you cant haha in yo face xD
Thank you so much!
Have a great night !
S/O to my new found best friend
Did you end up staying those extra 30 minutes?
Lmfao!
I'm a beats then lyrics kinda girl.
Just asking ur opinion of some songz.
And I won't be on here bc I'm getting up at 4am
haha yeah when ever you want!
i know, i suck.
i'm trying to get better about releasing things, but i fixate on certain things if they aren't right.
:/
My boys are plucky underdogs.
FYI changed team name to Ibaka Therefore I Am.
and they have a TON of likes!
Who's left xfactor?
My Morning Jacket  Band of Horses in Chicago.
Best news ever.
I am a VERY lucky girl
Hey cuz!
Anytime.
Do you have my number?
What's your favorite movie featuring a US President?
: Playin land mines with the boys : and two girls :
sounds like a plan.
thanks for replying
Glenda ...
apt description vehement panting
RT : Congrats Taylor Ratliff, Chris Anderson, Alex Bacon and Austin Barrett.
NCBWA Freshman AllAmerican
Barbara Jacoby  Students should participate directly in the governance of courses.
Trying to put together a photo/video resources page for our site.
I know you folks can try a bit harder in 2012 to have a decent website!
we've got thunder, lightning, wind  rain...
: You cant lose what you never had, you cant keep whats not yours  you cant hold on to someone who doesnt want to stay.
SEO tip: want multiple bots to crawl your new content  tweet a link.
So it just means we'll be in New York this fall...
It's hot, right?
No matter how old I get, I'm still going to mentally sing the ABC's to see which letter comes next.
Then take doctorvers ed during the summer.
XD
4 pzone pizza hut after class every monday....
I guess u can call it a routine
Better add comedian to your resume.
Beautiful halfvolley from doctorgba, but to no avail.
thanks for peeking in on my blog!
hope you'll come back soon and write or read along.
I get depressed by all injuries suffered by professorssional athletes; they're my livelihood;
CodeKit for Mac also uses the picardfacepalm image in its crashreporter screen.
Really LOST?
Your finale on a Sunday?
Avatar is on TV.
How time flies.
Can you follow me ?????
: you always notice my bestfriend.
and she really wants to skype with you..
:
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our family and friends and acquaintances!!!
We hope that you have lots to be thankful for this Thanksgiving.
This bitch is going to warped tour 2012
its on youtubee someone put it one
Going to Bed Now i hope everyone had a good day Sweet doctorams C; Tweet my Zswaggerz Later
I'm thinking entirely further than Detroit at this point, which is not only good for my career but good for Detroit hip hop too.
Had fun today with , Haley , Dayton , Jacob ,  Hunter
Anyone else discovering a newfound love of tennis?
You To Nicky...Love You
The usual reasons: business vs.
labor, racism, strong dislike of government or just plain ignorance.
DeLeo says he met with Massport chief this morning to discuss agency's role in ferry service.
IWishYouKnew How I really feel about you right now!
Then start cheering for better teams...
looking forward to 's revamped Food section :
Everyone  their brother's complaining about the rainy spring we've had in Seattle but remember last year?
Pure misery!
HEY!
you know that kid that sells X?!
Baseball playoffs make me miss those lovely Frank TV commercials.
Friends, I won't have my phone on me for the weekend starting right meowww.
Don't think I'm ignoring you.
That is all
raises hand happy to say I am!
dnt stunt like that wasnt ya jam..
stuntin really is a habit huh?
Thank you again for your hospitality!
Also, I've read positive reviews for Blue Like Jazz so far.
Looking fwd to seeing it.
You like him.
You really like him!
yes, especially if it's albums that aren't normally free
My phone makes it impossible to do homework....Gah!
Holy shit it's already Thursday.
Summer is coming fast.
RT If you can't wait for Summer.
Follow Me!!!
Ewwwwwa..
At the pic someone sent in on starz!
I know he's gonna come out someday and I'm gonna date him
So glad that presentation isn't tomorrow.
Gonna sleep forever now.
nice team defense by
The more patient you are the longer youll STAY on top take Your time youll get there on timeYOUNG.S
Pretty please?
cc:
Update meeting with the development team of poised to change the face of lincolnpark for years.
Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives  peace.The Dhammapada
Sinus infection and huge headache.
Ready to go home and start my antibiotic.
Shacknai asks attorney general to review evidence of Rebecca Zahau's suicide; hopes independent review will satisfy skeptics
Friggin big time
Tweet Me MARRYMEALEX and I'll RT make it trend guys:
country music  any other type of music
Thanks for the follow, Ginnie.
My wife just finished reading 's book SisterCitizen.
She enjoyed it.
call back
: get some meds/:
Do you ever count the money you get from an ATM or do you trust the bank?
I never count but probably should.
I hope Wayne's OK.
I wish him the best!
All of MancUnia is holding it's collective breath for sure!
Good morning!!
Cardio Thai box class tonight at 6.
Burn the weekend calories away!
Huge headache
Love the sound of the singer of something about that tone.
It's amazing.
Skylar has an amazing tone.
SOFLO and my ownership of tomorrow.
I do really love you before, but everything change when i know who you are
Um, I've yet to have a hangover...
Interesting that I'm in Vegas and keep running into other nightlife people from LA on a Tuesday.
ItGetsMeMadWhen I try to show you I care but you just shun me off lol OK
Cool, thanks!
MT : getting shoutout from Kathy Feng for support of CA Citizens Redistricting commission at SCG event
They're remaking Conan?
That feels like cheating.
I'm not sure how I feel about this, yet.
What was the best part about your weekend?
oh btw I need a sharp senior managerish level assistant controller role who wants straight public!
Help!
Oh ya the la quinta is in smyrna tn
Off to sleep, catch you all tomorrow.
People mistake sex for love, money for brains, and Twitter for reality.
Thanks for the update!
Already following Oroma!
A bright sunshiny day!!!
So fiesta tonight and rest tommorow.
Amazing!
Thank you!
But wow, am I sore.
I think I caught the marathon bug, already thinking about number two.
Any recs?
i'm really upset that your fans are being so rude to tiffany fans.
and theyre bribing people to vote for you?
guys cool it.
thnx
Coaches who can outline plays on a black board are a dime a dozen.
The ones who win get inside their player and motivate....Vince Lombard
The Universe of Keith Haring  great documentary and even better footage!
If I was in NYC, I would see his show real fast.
Happy birthday I hope all your wishes come true and ur success gets bigger : 3 can't wait for ur new stuff to come out 3
ICantStandWhen You listen to he said she said BULLSHIT
Taxes suck
Dense fog
At Ed's waterfront run: Embarcadero edition.
Running then beers!
Than you'll just have to watch me doctornk red.
Give it to me!
she said, I'm so fucking wet, give it to me now!
Fuck you, it's my umbrella!
sitting here looking at how lame my theme is on twitter haha i suck
Can't wait for Halloween to come back especially since I'll be at Purchase College next year with a bunch of art kids..
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Albert Einstein
aw, thanks, miss you too.
So proud of everything you're doing.
Send my love to the family's
Foie terrine on the agenda today
lol I'm not fina play with you
doctorp by after Bastille for a late night doctornk!!
3 powers 3 rumchata shots, and 5 sky cocktails!
Petey Paul and Kyle tending bar!
Party!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We love it, and we know that you will, too.
Give us a call at 317.251.9182 to schedule your appointment!
Iraq Veterans Against The War will return their medals on May 20 to protest
I did for like 10 min RT : I'm surprised I didn't land in Twitter Jail..
Care package from The Easter Bunny Farm.
Apparently, my mom still thinks I'm 5 years old...fine by me!
lol I'm just spreading the Whitney love
Damn my computer isn't working......
Thx for a GREAT season 
No one should ever talk shit about long distance relationships.
If two people really love each other, distance shouldn't keep them apart.
Great got out of school to hear my mom bitch at me.
Why couldn't it have been on this month's cover of Time?!
when r u comeing to WWE
LTBroadcasts The contagious flare of revolution that has swept through the Portuguese colonies seems to have ended
are you attending Bare Bones this weekend?
Hope to see you there!
I have two films that's playing tomorrow  3pm at Muskogee Lib.
Got prac early in the morning, then off to school, gotta do presentation.
ARGHHHHHH!.
it's all, I don't care how talented anyone is, all your songs suck
well I was interested to see what folks would say.
I feel the same way.
The vote i cast represents my most authentic voice
Stardust', performed here by Louis Armstrong, is an American popular song composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael...
fb.me/LzacTO5q
Girl im feeling a story time coming on
Now following :
Are you at the shop today?
Have you met Maria yet?
Hi there.
I got a message saying I had to reply to stay in so I replied and got a Sorry, but you were removed...
message
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
The mind is everything.
What we think we become.
Buddha
Me too!
RT I really want to watch Beauty and the Beast in HD.
Jaja i'ts fun to write your own book.
Just got home after a fun dinner at this surfer bar in Williamsburg!
No to bed people 
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
Ether Barrymore
RT : Checked in with GOP Sen.
DeKruif about Rosen challenge: Not decided, but anticipating sometime next week making a decision
My hair is getting on my nerves.
If we win my best friend and I are going to take our granddaughters to Florida.
They are so cute.
Take a look and vote.
Looking forward to speaking tonight
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
For some reason when I think of and what he's doin tonight the song birthdaysex plays over in my head...
;
Which college football team has the best tailgating fans?
Adios AERA2012, I need to get back to UTAustin to work on this dissertation.
See yall in SF next year!
I hate my life.'yeah.!
Thanks DAD for screaming at me  11  night just because I was promised to b home early n didn't.
And gave an
I'm listening to Make A Movie by Twista
sorry Raj, just saw this.
It was at the Fantasy Bowl tent.
Hope you found it.
Such a hot southern Texas day.
SixersCeltics with Dick Stockton on the call.
Feels like a Sunday afternoon in 1985.
sschat I'm Kristen, an admin/teacher in Bucks County, PA
Still recovering from amazing fri nite!
JENNIFER MILAN just release a new single with Peas Michel from the fugees.
Getting Huge in Europe
I think like an hour away c: ah, where were you before here?
Tomorrow is AHA's Health and Wellness Workgroup meeting.
Join us at 11:30 at Lupita's Mexican Restaurant 11809 East Colfax !
justin and kelly
ThingsPGKidsSay let me borrow a dollar so I can buy some cookies from.
mister Hettinger.
Night twit fam.
another lil one?
wow...ME...with all caps even.
Garmin Announces Expanded Aviation Charting Capability for Europe  MarketWatch
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Napoleon Hill
Fan of ?
Follow inewsource.
Datadoctorven journalism for the common good!
Proudly sporting my tote and just got told it was tight is a witness
I'm smilin  dialin today, gotta move them babies!
is reporting it too.
:
Getting ready to listen to stuart weibel at the iedge conference at uw
QOTD Screw you, I'm buying space lasers.
Bill Maher
Hectic.Monday.
audits going on all week.
My team good.
Thanks to all the followers !
, ,
hahahahah, it was a joke.
I have not, but will remedy that ASAP!
Whoo!
So glad you like it!!
:
Let me know you want to help out on a freebee comedy short tomorrow.
Could use Gaffer or AC.
Shooting on my c300.
126 Short day :
BEFORE YOU DO IT WIT YA LOUD ASS RT: I WILL ALREADY BE DEAD!
DUMB ASZ!
I made the shit out of this cup of coffee
Damn Can I Live?
Happy birthday x
where at down there
right?
where doctorams come true!
probably cuz u don't have opening acts.
askmadonna RT I worship you.
Why won't you open up for one of my shows?
I can't fall asleep it 12 I have school tomorrow that bad!!
Ah follow me :
I promise I'm not a crazy cat lady though o.o I only love my cat.
Jen Newberry is performing at Emerald Queen Casino tonight in Tacoma off of EXIT 135 show is  9.30pm until 1.30am
It's funny how you're in a rush and you have the time to tweet this!
LOL :p
Yeah well i didnt know who the reporter was!
Fonts HD will sell royaltyfree text graphics and logos.
Will be very affordable and in most cases...
FREE shipping!
Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011: Department of Workforce Development Sec.
Reggie Newson says Wisconsin added 23,000 jobs in 2011.
Nosebleeds...
an unexpected side effect of pregnancy.
thanks for the follow!
You girls are extremely talented!
:
Going to see this weekend in Indy!!
Can't freaking wait.
chocolate ...
best song ever.
blake shelton was amazing!!
Hope he sings w miranda when she comes out in a min.
It's all about tonight
Attend our Medical Weight Loss event  receive a FREE 20 coupon.
Bring a friend  get another 10 coupon!
RSVP now  4126816400
Stop by the store, grab a six pack of Lite, head home and stick 'em in the snowbank.
It's Miller Time!
You are the sweetest!!
THANKS!
Some dude thinks the world is gonna end RT: what happens on Saturday?
....and it looks like that the acting ball is rolling and rolling and filling me up more and more with opportunities and practice....
hope not have friends who swear by it.
also Google hasn't added ads yet when  start rollin in from Google ads, it stays open
My two favorite players on the same team whatadoctoram lebronandwade 
Physician Assistant Requirements Oklahoma  Financial Consulting ...
What Ha Weak Ass Want Now.!
I was happy all day until I got to work
I need to invest in a new desktop computer.
Hell!
I now have almost everything that is an apple product.
I might as well get that too.
Use of Wireless Handsets to Text Message and Engage in other Forms of Communication While doctorving
One word for and and it rhymes with smackers.
:
Oh hahax : noo I'm at home?
Lol
Foursquare is being dumb today : it was supposed to say the I bumped into my friends Jonny  Crystal ...
Silly app!!!
: Wow this is a great game!!!
Can we see an clutch overtime from skyler diggens?
Come see as we Romp the House at this weekend in St.
Louis.
Just got to Church : God never lets us down!
yeah they're definitely not into making any phones without cameras anymore
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
At the Shout House celebrating birthday
i swear your tweets are amazing..
lololol
Love a Saturday filled with photoshoots!
Park of Roses, some downtown action, excellent.
Need a new level?
Buy levels with screws to manually adjust the vials, in case adjustments are necessary.
Yep, pedi voice is SO tough, esp for the lil ones.
Do you use the adventures in voice program?
Its my turn now
you should of said something!!
or atleast tackled me I would of recognised you
TODAY IS A EXTRA SPECIAL DAY IT'S MY BEST FRIEND MY SISTER MI AMOR MY LOSER AND MY DUCK AND PAPERDOLLS BDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY!!!
Your booth loos gorgeous!
I'll talk to PG and see if they can come up with something that washes out glitter and shame ;
You know, if the Royals won, my day would get even better.
Hahaha it's so funny.
: LMFAO
Lego feet?
Say what?
VIDEO: Real Housewives Talk Teresa39;s Cookbook and the quot;Newquot; Pronunciation of Her Last Name
I tell u my boy has the juice good business today fam !
Money confirmed !
My sis  I met Lindatrangdai for the first time.
I am a fan of her since I was 5  she looks  sounds great in person
Wow lol.
Hey hey!!!
how's it going?
Got The Next Nigga All Over Ha Clicc Damn You That Slow Think You Dumb Ass Nigga!
please please follow me?!?!
oh what I meant was the hand sign your making In Hawaii it's called a Shaka and means like what's up or aloha :
Just read over last weeks wrote.
Now time for
RT : Welcome to tonight's chat!
You too and smallbizchat I'm so excited and ON TIME!!!!
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
Congratulations to and on the news of baby number 3!
:
ancestry.com membership.
Pretty cool.
Really?
That's not even the top Chargersrelated story of the day.
check out my very talented friend model  dj  artist.
thanks for encouragement.
I need to wait for my IT guy to come home from DC.
Made a huge step today to help my personal future.
When you've done something to somebody and they won't talk to you about it.
Tweet me back if you're studying tonight I have a special surprise for you!
I need more toothpaste, new nipple rings  bottled water for my fridge.
If the excerpt is posted in order to be discussed/explicated/commented upon, that counts as transformative.
Fkying standby for next flight 1760.
Come on !
I need a celebrity sponsor.
lol
99 of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
George Washington Carver
but can you come out my way im lb
come over!
He say he hang wit me but he just tryna get some coo points naw nigga use a groupie bitch
u might as well just in case..
Haha n i'll leave anywhere between 5 n 5:30.
Wat time do u think we'll b home?
Can you explain?
RT : New paradigm is collaborative investment with the community in the middle
Hello to you!
I need to start tweeting more on here..
While 3040 of study participants looked at ads on brand Timeline pages, 80 looked at them on Brand Pages.
numbers of facebook...
Thanks so much!
We would love to send you promo material?
What's the best way to do that?
:I love the way Jay Lethal imitated Macho Man Randy Savage!
That was a real trip!
RIP Randy Poffo!
I will have to take you up on that sometime!
RT : I agree Tom, you should do a ride along with me one day!!!
The Over is 2251 in the New York Islanders last 28 vs.
Northeast.
Just saying!
Startup ecosystem in Silicon Valley is still 3X bigger than New York; 4.5X bigger than London  38X bigger than Boulder

Haha I Wontt Be  Same For You 
miss you , just know I think your
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle snow white and the seven titties
lol that pic of you I posted on instagram jerky liked it :
I don't want to be tan :'
Thanks, Sue!
Hope you're doing well!
Cloud Foundoctor supporting .NET is a game changer
Just woke up!
Good Morning world!
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
Clark Gable
yeah?
You have a dumb picture and your a creep
in my hometown tonight without me : bo
she said I'm on a boat and then I got into a car crash!
Hahhah
Sent my audition submission in today!
Here's to hoping!
There's a guy in my PE Named Louis and doctorsses like ...
right there with you, Steve.
Amazing time, great folks 
There's a riot grrrl Brazil.
Tomorrow night Miami is going to be on fire!
Can't wait
Cool, has also started a backchannel via collaborative liveblog at 21k12blog.net/2011/02/16/ag
Had a great weekend  now I'm glad to be back from the journey!
At 5:30 will tell San Antonio he's the father of.....well, you'll just have to listen!!!
I'm starting to go through internet withdoctorwl.
Thankfully my blackberry gives me little fixes.
I miss you all.
that awkward moment when a bald guy wears a turtle neck and looks like roll on deodorant and you can't help but laugh
So, are you a member of the NE chapter?
I recently exchanged chapters from Puerto Rico to the NE.
Looking forward to your TL.
:
I hope she will get better and I think that it would make her smile if someone made her something She might b on l8r tonight
Jonas has the first season on DVD.
Bug him to watch it.
I'd say the iPad  you have the flexibility of Kindle, Nook,  iBooks apps w/o having to lock into a single platform.
Realtor is showing my apartment tomorrow morning at 9 am and I have to clean it.
Friday 6.
Sam 1.
a woman prone to beer gut and cant doctornk hard alcohol...if u must know
childishgambino ...
enough said.
PLEASE no one tell me Rondo is the future leader of this team after this...
ChristmAS 9 days away get your haircut make ur appt today
It's not only you michael...but that would be nice if we could get some of that rain here in SD.
It has been very doctor.How u've been?
Well played Donald.
Whoever says women can't doctorve has never taken a cab ride from one.
So much better.
hahaha.
Glad you're having a wonderful birthday so far!
Jus gettin up....trynna find some tix so my fam n I can hit Disney World n July
That sounds exciting!!
thank you!
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who is serving or has served to protect our liberties.
Thank you.
so miss my gloves that I left in Cesky Krumlov in the Czech Republic...still a bit chilly in DC
Got the equipment, watching homebrew videos, gonna make my own beer!
Has anyone figured out who the LSUPizzaGirl is??
Family activities tied to specific art run the risk of becoming obsolete.
Answer?
In house printing.
my thoughts are with you, everything will go smoothly.
aw bummer!
til next time then!
have a safe trip home ;
So glad I found your store to renew a little of my childhood!
My daughter loves Tiny Titans too!
it is 5am  After 3 nights with only 4 hours of sleep, 2 nights with two hours and 1 night of no sleep  I have a hell day ahead of me
anyone knows any good investments ?
training on how to stay without message.
1 Peter 2:13 Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted among men;...
Hard to do at times, but needed!
I'm learning
don't you need the mbox to actually use pro tools
Where have you been all my life
hey, lets give credit where credit is due!
justin needs to follow chachi 3
The best feeling is when you think you bombed a test then get it back and aced it
Saw some poor chineese girl get fired to the floor by some homeless lad.
He robbed her phone the bolted
These Hoez out here really settling 4 less doe!
GET IT IN!
YOU KNOCKED IT OUT THE PARK!!!!
No homo my Sis is fine!!!!!
srry i fell asleep i forgot to tell u love
Jim Washburn got production out of HAYNESWORTH.
CPD2012 gender equality not achieved by diminishing needs of boys so that girls can seem to achieve parity
Good tip for jobseekers: RT : Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
aw yall are to cute
Haahaa...
actually, why not?
Curious if we could persuade T.Wilson as part of the browsing collections.
np what u doing
hey are there going to be shirts tonight!?!
I always miss them.
Wow.
MT : Pinterest  Flickr released an optout code to prevent people form pinning things from your site.
I don't think Louisville has a chance.
RT Timeout: In the first 10 min, UK is shooting 60, Louisville 25
The ghost of Jack Arute: Who is the tiebreaker if Herbie/Musberger disagree on MVP?
Erin?
congrats bro...job well done
I am honored to have been appointed to the National Association of Personnel Services Board of Directors
Be careful with video.
Be careful of talking head syndoctorme.
Don't be a lecturer
where are you at hpmkt?
I don't want to miss dwell studio today!
how did you see glee already?
Had a great lunch at ZocaloSactown with my boss and a coworker.
Awesome food!
Throwing Candy when the Brewers defense is on fire.
IsThatLegit???
New format  performance heavy RT : Am I crazy, or are we 40 minutes in  only 1 award given out?
Can anyone bring to me today PLEASE!
, if you do it I'll feed you with food and love 
How bout them buccos!!?
Honestly I don't give a fucc about yo problems cuz I'm to worried bout my Money and the problems it brings me!
Just copped some Sky Dive  Purple Flow from the smoke shop finna look like this  hot they ain't have no OG Sour!!!!
Yes!!!
Lol
Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts
Really?!?!
You definitely NEED to be best friends with him Then you would have your very own Riley!
Love this.
RT : the customer is your media.
This is the new PR reality.
oh you make me laugh...
yes sweetie :
I'm still catching up on the 2,000 items in my Google Reader so I just saw your blog post about it!
I'm not feeling the whole make myself presentable and associate with people thing again tomorrow
i like my girls insane 3
Happy Easter
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about how much they love their mom and im just like Fuck that bitch
we'd never say no to some catering!
Are you offering?
see you tonight!
why are u so freakin' cute!
Miss u at FW today!
I love it to!
The real value of doing a MeyersBriggs on management is not what they do with the resutls, but that you know what to do with the results.
Yeah i probably just put out about 100 tweets to about SaySomething : itsamahomiething 3
Excited for The Art of Marketing Conference to hear and other great speakers!
my dude was gonna buy them for 140 but didn't have the funds so 140
In Dallas for the Dylan Ratigan Show.
Show will be on starting at 1pm PST.
We will be on about 1:45 PST
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE OTGTIPS DO WHAT YOU SAY, SAY WHAT YOU MEAN
Childoctorn don't give their mothers unless they have issues.
Rip Whitney Houston...
Black ice.
What fun.
Saw an older guy walking his dog wipeout.
Motor racingBahrain Formula One Grand Prix starting grid
Happy Friday, all!
doubtful : gotta finish this book and plan a wedding.
Ur going right?
love it, nice work
Sick, sad, stressed...s
Mother's Day is sure to sell out!
We will be serving brunch in PRIME  Vernon's from 93  dinner in Vernon's starting at 4:30 pm.
No I don't want nobody baby.
If I can't have you, I don't want nobody baby.
Thai people have Thai accents l0l RT : That thai place at the mall gt;gt;gt; I love Chinese people accents lol
We love Resident Evil Outbreak because it depicts the attempts of normal civilians trying to escape the city.
Follow !
Thank you to all those who have served our country  Happy Veterans Day
Let Christ be Lord of ALL or Lord not at all.
He is LORD and SAVIOR.
What a miserable Monday morning...good thing I'm posting today!!!
Who
The search for ISABEL in Tucson, I am afraid her father must have done something to her.
Theyr not letting him see the family now.
OMG sad!
is it the font in the entire admin area or just the editor that you want to change?
That fix is just for the editor.
Thanks to all our guests that stopped in this last weekend, thanks to front and back of house staff for doing what they do best!
excellent question!
u demanded to come BIIIIHHHHTTT!!
Are you watching the oscars?
What are some of your favorite Oscar moments or memories?
True, but I think JJ is letting JG and RR do their thing.
I really like the use of the ticker to show the lyrics to My Old Kentucky Home.
I can't imagine the need for an extra battery.
Everytime I listen to Spice Girls it reminds me of
I don't know what NHL you're talking about.
Nice lip synching, Madonna.
EltonJohn was right.
: Strangers  Friends  Close Friends  Crush  Relationship  Heartbroken  Barely Friends  Strangers.
Absolutely!
Let's design a new system!
Teachers as nation builderswhat kind of nation do we want to build?
Plus the entree ain't as good without something on the side.
its changed a bit!
they now have internet dating, LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bag of mixed ricks tho....
Marcell hasn't seen Boy Meets World before O.O
RT : take time over applications.
Its not about speed
Waiting to eat!
Hate how restaurants give you your doctornk 20 mins before they bring out your food
I hate the new fb.
Everyone does!
:
Seguin scores and tie the game at 1!
I started out using TweetDeck, but I'm trying webbased CoTweet now.
So far, I'm more comfortable with CoTweet.
They're selectors they eat very few : It is dark.
You are likely to be eaten by an archivist.
iipc12
komen lost donors on 2 sides: prolife, antiPPers with moral objections to PP  proPP contingent for whom brand is dead.
Congratulations to the 2011 Oakbridge Scholarship winners!
It felt good being around such positivity this week.
See yinz soon.
And dis mf go to rich south...bet
You can only hide in the bathroom for so long before people start questioning your digestive capabilities.
oh well what ever it is it's good
the hoodest tennessee nigga on a track whch we know is FIRE,..
who fuckin with them!!!
Thank you to everyone for spreading the word that RevereisHere!
Had so much fun doing room giveaways w/ !
Should we do more?!
lol idk why but I think there a turn on!
:P
I never do it to try n hurt u feelings.
Jus gotta funny way of showing mine
Thanks to everyone who came out to La Suave Melodia this weekend!
We had a great time!
Stay tuned for more events and concerts to come!
Tix now on sale for eCLUB members to LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, Nov 16!
For info or to become a member, go to BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com/Baltimore
No day is a day for horrible rattly bass.
It always makes me feel anxious and unsettled.
Ms.
Wisconsin wins Ms.
America pageant.
In related news, Jeff Ripp's head just exploded.
: aspergers is not a syndoctorme, its a superpower.
And school is kryptonite!
txla12 tlchat AND...
The book  Pillars of the Earth  was amazing!
Thanks for the RT :.
I try to manage my hormones cuz if I dont I might end up swimmin in somethin ima regret when its done u feel me...yea its that real
Tension btwn Gerald Ford era copyright law and digital age with possibility of providing content for everyone.
Kenny Crews
: We'll have to play a show for you sometime soon!
My body has never stopped feeling, in light of this, that the ideal day begins around 11 AM and ends around 3.
Waiting To The Last Minute To Do Something .
Oh, thank you!
Glad you liked it :
ItsCrazyHow much I love you and want to be with you and you just don't notice it.
Welcome to my new, professorssional Facebook page!
Look for my acting career updates, photos and video here.
Apartment Shopping!
:D
I did followback teamfollowback : Talk soon!!
Shoutout to for hanging up on me.
Smh lol
What is your excuse for not doing ministry?
Money,time,family, maybe you feel ill equipped?
So do I...but I go anyway
we're finally going to be fine!
:D
Just added to my time line.
I used to love that guy.
It'll be interesting to see if I still do!
That is really cute!!
primetime, doctorgs, repeat
the movie's an experience!
I hope they show them  they're totally different from the one they used  would've changed the feel!
but is it sweet?
those early melon can be such a tease.
Jut came up with the most brilliant marketing idea.
But D is like Giants' pitching.
: Yes.
I'll buy that.
RT The 49ers RZ offense is like the SFGiants avg.
w/RISP
hi thanks for following me i followed back
The Bucks are way more enjoyable with tunes on
a liquor store other than one of the local ones.
It is even better when mixed with a something bubbly.
so not hot.
I am going to have to juggle, the Mets, Yankees, and Devils today.
I will also visit my mother in Westbury
Let's go Eli!
Messi is from another planet.
meEllen were trying to talk to youChris after study hallthe only thing you came up with was I'll get your IP addoctorss
Checkin out Grayskul Tonight at The Sunset Tavern in Ballard...who's rollin through?
Some people just don't get the fucking point, do they?
I've seen curls peek out ur hat a few times tho.
Itching to get off work and ride bikes with
That awkward moment when your watching Justin Bieber on tv in your thinking to yourself damn he such a turn on....
You can watch it for free.
Want me to send you the link?
It's hilarious btw.
sent me here
Dude literally, fuck off!
Video didn't show up!
if I have to go home to NYC for a Freixenet partyI'll do it!
C'mon Atlanta!
lets get our votes up
Job search?
Need resume help?
Message me, email or call 6315149142 Clients get interviews every time!
:  mean lil somethin now that your right about
I feel like overwriting the commands
this is great 4th inning, any way you look at it!
Thought we were going to die today.
Snow is so beautiful but so destructive at the same time.
Sneaky....
LMSunSIG accessibility: BB is claiming accessibility compliant
I'm easy, breezy, and sneezy today :/
LOVIN' me some Bon Iver, right now!
Well said, well deserved  wonderfully humble.
Hell yeah, that's how you suppose to be.
sometimes i wish i was on house arrest.
at least it would give me a reason not to be stupid enough to go to places where i'm tired of being.
Ok this DONNASUMMER tribute got me wanting to pull out a white Ferrari on Collins in Miami on some Vice shittt.
Pregnancy Stages  Andoctorid Apps
I want to hate you, but we all know my love for you is too strong...
Congrats to everyone who ran the Georgia Marathon  Half Marathon yesterday!
How are those legs feeling today?
hey it been a long time we talk
Wisconsin will not get a call this game.
My dad died two Fridays ago.
It seems like the world stopped for a while.
Baby steps for the moment.
Stay tuned to Fox 8 news tonight  5 for MAJOR announcement for the Soul Survivor Contest!
In collaboration with REI outreach, join NCM tomorrow, July 13 from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m., as we bring an outdoor adventure to the Launch Zone!
can't nobody do your body like this.
gave away me bracelet to a man named Joel.
I hope it does some good in his life :
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Marilyn Monroe
ayyeeee DM me when u see this
I support the office, not the person.
And thank you!
I miss my babe ...
It is National Happiness Happens Day : What's something that makes you instantly happy?
OMG IM SO FREAKIN HAPPY FINALLY FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i screamd as if my arm got cut off lolz
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Kenosha Wi this Friday night at Duke's Country Saloon!
And there's the whole Promoting Mixtape aspect.
But how will I watch GameofThrones amidst all that craziness?
Gosh my voice sounds so bad wen I sing Gotta be you the notes r so high love it anyways
No worrys :D
haha.
Yeah, if we wanna marry them we gotta be chill.
you warm my cockles
Having trouble finding something to keep your teens busy this summer?
Guitar lessons help teens focus their minds while they enjoy playing.
I am shocked you didn't like Titanic, but the more pressing matter is: What about the fans?
Janeites vs.
Leolovers whowins?
of course!
Now let's get a theme going...
lol id take corn over gator anyday
.
Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss.
Best bio ever.
Dina
I love that Stockton thug strut  Picking Diaz to win tonight
can't wait until staying up whenever, sleeping in until whenever, going places whenever , seeing people whenever, summer 2012.
My husband said I didn't know you were still using that.
I explained it's a 5 year book!
today even more cuzz I'm single now /:
And I thought it was hot in my room last night..
Dumbass school won't turn on the AC until MAY!
Tf?!?!?
hey!
im not gonna die!
and i gtg shawtys bye bye
Happy to say all my shopping is done
As the days and weeks pass, it becomes painfully obvious that Romney will go wherever the wind blows.
Boring Sunday.
OMG IS THAT misterBELDING ON MAD MEN??????
Tweet to congress, please don't double our student loan rates it will have a doctorstic negative impact on my family as a whole.
crap!
I guess the jigs up on that one now.
I'll just have to take the 'ol nazi mind control device elsewhere:p
Come back to Boston soon?
I need to get to meet you, it was sad watching you from the ramp above earlier : x
Its Wedding Wednesday!!!!
What is your favorite part of a wedding?
Your twitter name makes me blush!
LOL
Invites to the EOLv2 alpha test just went out.
Check your inbox.
yea.
And I'm on the media distribution list and almost missed it.
I am so frustrated right now.
I can't even.
Ugh.
Finish a competent tweet apparently.
Thom Yorke is urging young musicians to avoid signing with record labels because they will completely fold within a matter of months.
its only monday kenneth!
Ill see you tom for sure
angie continue using our secretive language o k m q c
Great meeting you today Leah!
Let's falafel again soon.
:
haha it's a small price to pay...!
How's Everyone Today ?
:
smh i heard leah didnt even get to play lmao
Having a yak attack...
I dunno why I even try anymore...
As if it ever ends up how I imagine
Woman Thou Art Loosed: On the 7th Day forgive this kidnapping doctorma for its heavyhanded melodoctorma and tawdoctor plot elements.
Is it too much?
Chris Brown makes the most famous beats and hits...hio.
That's my time everyone you've been wonderful!
first episode premieres this week, so excited...
I think should come to Ptown!!!
I'll ask momma after I shower
Ahh , im so tired all im gunna do right now is take a warm shower , watch jersey shore while eating oreos and sleep :
Continuing Education Provider Application being processed.....workshops and trainings just ahead in promotion of the iiMod Program...
that Louisdoctoryfus has got to be the perfect woman...funny, charming, looks fantastic and is happy to not be master of her domain
dude .
I think your tweets Are awesome.
Lol.
Bye now :DD
serious sunworship happening today.
So...
much...
Sun.
And it's been so rainy here.
HE MY NIGGA EVEN IF I GET NO BIGGER AND WE ALL KNOW THAT AIN'T GONE HAPPEN
Is your next cd ready?!
Let us help you.
www.musicalstop.com
Love is like a booger.
You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
Unknown
Can't wait to see u on NYE in Milwaukee!
I promise u will feel the love from Chitown to the BrewCity.
Beer Mob Members get BOGO on all winter beers today.
Join the mob today to get cool gear and new specials every week.
kewl I will ping you about AliceSXSW after burningman!
help me find sponsors!
: where have u been??
Justin Bieber is a girl.
So if a juror watches Fox News, does that mean they will vote a certain way in delibs?
Answer: NO!!!
Yet so many attys think that.
hey, man congrats on the new internship!
Enjoy your time out there!
Great Global Forest Watch demo of temporal HTML5 raster viz by  foss4gna Work  beauty  speed win.
preferably black and yellow
but I still love them...
Will you be doing any signings after the panels this weekend?
Damn ur so far
35 yo F  a 38 yo M w aphasia both w yrs of extens alcohol  doctorg abuse Just had an 18 yo meth add in resp failure all v sad
'It seemed...
A place for us to doctoram'
thanks!
Maybe I'll try to squeeze into it!
Good luck in the competition !
Ok Tell Me When
Blurring Personal Style and professorssional Uniforms!
Thanks for all the support COOL Medical Scrubs!!
I got mango, dunkman, BHM, china on hand
We are overwhelmed by all the support we are getting!
who was your fav?
Your video is so awesome!!!
Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!!!!
ahh ok.
It will be worth it cause I will finally be pretty!
Appropriately, you'll also hear Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered, made famous by Ella Fitzgerald, and jazz standard Autumn Leaves.
RT : Don't TeaBag me Bro I
1:2  Tonight at St Emmanuel Church there will be Adult Bingo and live music from XLR8 Entertainment and Edwin Markham I.S.51!
damn :P
I sure did.
Katy on Selena's lap!!!
Love YOU Mama Katy and Mamacita Gomez
Was in car at Whole Foods eating pizza  doctornking coconut water w/a car full of organic herb plants when Danny Brown came on.
I'm so hard.
ard cool.
You got PayPal??
Or I can send you invoice when I get off soo I can start it tonight
I hear LeBron what to come back to Cleveland Joke thing Ha Ha Ha
Gresh must think Rondo needs a triple double every night to be consistent.
hm about that last RT..
i RT'ed so i could look at it tom..
for now i gotta get some sleep 4 real
they need landing intructions on the outside of the baggy
The process and procedure is part of the fun!
A simple good morning, beautiful text could make any girl smile for the whole day
liveline A very simple death cert.
should be available for third party use.
More detailed one should be avail.
if needed.
I have so many nerdy baseball things to say about that pitch omg
Retro doctorsses made to elope in seem to be a hit this spring!
I smell a blog coming on...
:
RT : God is amazing...another day
Set my fantasy hockey team preferences and now it is time to read a book and go to bed.

I thought it was a pretty perfect ending.
Sad that there wasn't a single mention of Edie, but she kinda did that to herself
and the band played on
This guy is straight out of a western movie!
Seriously though covered in blood and puppy formula and Wallace WILL NOT FALL ASLEEP OMFG
Kristen left.
Waved to fans for a quick second.
So cute.
We got a good thing.
That would be excellent.
I'm pretty stumped.
Thank you, sir.
At the nailshop getting a pedi...
Good morning :
Want a fall getaway?!
Come to Weekend with the Wire Masters at the Laguna Cliffs Resort  Spa in Dana Point, California.
Unwind AND wind!
It's Friday the 13th ,  guess who's playing Jason?
good call.
the 85 1.8 is tops on my list right now  might spend it on that.
lol hey!
I need my ranch!
Hahaha
Don't forget we do the Feather extensions!
So popular right now.
Adds a lil somethin' somethin' to your hair if ya know what we...
You're a goddamn idiot to think you know jack about anything.
Good luck with your pathetic life, you bum.
ATTENTION ATTENTION!!!
ALL MY FOLLOWERS JUST LETTIN U GUYS KNOE I CHANGED MY professorLE PICTURE!!
only thing that could be better right now is if i had a pool in my yard...butatleastiknowsunstillexists!
Which of your books delves deepest into how you evaluate a stock's fundamentals?
Thanks!
Bruh already got alot of work..
Takin the pups to the dog park
Flatted three times on this morning's ride...
what a way to kickoff the day.
Need to restock the tube supply.
where is Cincy by
My man, My man!
Tell RJ I say w.u.
: Rajiv Joseph's writing is layered, sharp yet subtle.
Lovin the processTheatre RT
I don't wanna brag, I'll be The.
Best.
you've ever had..tonight 
I am looking for a special venue to have my daughter's baby shower in Detroit.
Figure between 50 75 people.
Any suggestions?
ICanHonestlySay truth fear no questions
I think the solution to our problems..annex Florida..seems like thats where all the bullshit seems to happen
Excited for the town of Ramona  low cost food ministry has just been expanded out there  a great chance meet needs and give God credit
Manning goes down again!
patsnation
Sure!!
Nobody has done it yet lol
6/12 9:20 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
wish me good luck fighting at NAGA tomorrow!!
Have a real good day Bas
We have a new server ready  vpnsv3 OpenVPN server server in San Francisco .
It's available in your customer area now.
I wanna make millions and then give it all away.
I wish things in the UK would just stop getting big over here..
For me, it's the most important question going forward.
Thanks for coming today!
Not a fan, put it's cool that Iggie got to be the hero for the 76ers.
Been around for 8 yrs of losing
Advertising is totally unnecessary.
Unless you hope to make money.
Jef I.
Richard
ohh, I'm at redcar station now:'
She's awesome!
shares her busy schedule with us at upstream2012.
I don't know how I do it.
she says.
New topic  Upgrading to EM5 or Switch to Nikon D7000
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year!
U.S.
Senate
found out obama is going to be eating dinner 0.1 miles from my apartment tomorrow!!!
Also: scared I won't be able to get home after work
its ok its happens : ok I'm going give u shout out.
hope you had a very happy bday!!!
That was actually pretty awesome, Rick.
Hope every1 had a safe  wonderful Holidays  New Year!!
Don't forget if u need any help w/ur insurance, call me: 2989000
Less is more....always.
thank u!
Xo J
hahaha!
I am used to it.
You always leave me here : hahaha!
Is it raining there?
Omg this is fucking stressful
Of all the dunks UK has had this year Darius may have the two best.
It takes imagination and courage to pull apart packaged content.
RT

Really dont understand what they do to us Women...
I'm Fuckin done with!
So Bernie, can I get a photo with my two favorite mascots Tuesday at Citi?
Ya family snitching out of town but you wanna shoot subs at me all day
Bang bang
Seriously my fave of all three!
3Finnick
I love the mobility of consuming from netflix, amazon, itunes as well...thanks for the info.
thanks Kai.
Yeah it was, day after baby's b'day.
Pretty sure Noah Wyle's ER money ran out.
Hi.
I'm doctornk
runinoftheday Navin from TED in soho
Early night twits...
Yea I'm doing good.
We need to catch up
BOSTON MASSACHUSETTS!!!!!
WOO GO CHUCK!!!!
Can't wait for
its Friday and we have 6 hours till schools out
Flames to dust, Lovers to friends, Why do all good things come to an end?
3
I can't stand Oklahoma City!!!
SP is not smart to choose best content database in GUI  Site warning level only Use powershell for precise site provisioning
NO I'm here with crotch until 7
The awkward moment when you wake up in the morning with no pants on even though you know 100 that you went to bed with pants on.
You got me thinking something happened to you .
New resolution for 2012: trust no one.
Oh no!
Want to DM us your Zipcard  and we'll see if we can help?
Iusedtothink was that girl going into freshman yr summer review with hives yet...
I still can't figure out who the bitch was.
follow my new account bro
We're off the streets till Monday night when we'll be at Black Acre Brewing in Irvington for dinner.
Perry sucks
your heart hurts and my does to
Today seems like a good day to listen to Dolly Parton and cry for a couple hours.
Thanks brain.
Swedish House Mafia  Coldplay  INSANITY
are you suggestion global warming isn't real?
She's joined a terrific group.
RT Our Celebrity Acquisition team just got stronger.
Welcome to Octagon 1st Call.
Any of my followers ever get a speeding ticket on your bike?
It would be cool if u did.
are my clothes still in our locker?
cause I'm planning on coming back to get them soon, sorry they've been taking up space
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
Sara Teasdale
Album tracking progress  85 Then onward to mixing...
RT : Will be hiding tshirt somewhere in the city and tweeting the location.
Random size/random location
yea its Aero doe ?
Okay I would love to!
Thanks for asking
HCIL brownbag sounds super interesting thanks for tweeting!
just did!:
Firefighters continue to spray water on blaze in greenfield
Are you making wine this month?
Share your photos on this page!
Need any advice?
Ask it here.
We have many great winemakers who follow us.
FOUND AT THE OWL BAR: important looking hand doctorwn building plans.
If you're missing any, please let me know!
Ok..don't lie to me, then when I figure out you were lying say it was just to make me happy..cuz now i'm extremely upset and hurt..
I'm going to move to san antonio so me  can meet, fall in love, and get married
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 46
New show called Free Agents based in Portland??
Awesome, NBC.
out breaking the bank with
Anyone in Denver looking for a roommate/has a friend looking beginning in March?
Message me!
Topol giving a spectacular talk 
Sure why not : : Lmao me too RT : I'm one of those motherless hoes
We do what we can!
Glad you had a great time!
This is real.
100 Degrees today!!!
Don't lose your cool.
All Naughton's locations are open on Sundays from 9AM3PM now.
Matt Kalil Vikings No.
4 Hes the blindside pass protector they need to help keep secondyear QB Christian Ponder upright.
If you don't like Star Wars, not only can we not be friends, but I probably dislike you a little bit.
I'm like with David Tennant.
I leave for the airport in 4 hours.
Why am I still awake?
A life without adversity,a life of ease comfort, produces nothing  leaves us with nothing.This is one of the indisputable facts of life.DI
Someone's office is awfully tidy.
??
:thank you :
Not tonight but I'll be taking Katie  her sisters on Saturday
i followed
RT Sleeping in your arms  the cold world outside just melts  in our warm embrace.
haiku love beautiful!
Beautiful shot!
Now I'm hungry, and my lunch isn't going to look anything like that delicious pork belly.
All of my texts look like doctornk texts.
You claim you're straight but yet I see gay stuff all over your social sites.
ItsCuteWhen You see pictures of one direction!
3
Are there nationwide internet and phone problems?
Man in College I had way too many 5 dollar cheese pizzas from Little Caesars lol.
So many great awards at the dinner!
Love seeing creative work in
It was great that Northwestern played Illinois at Wrigley Field  Notre Dame played Army at Yankee Stadium.
Hope it happens again.
RT : I'm here until Monday evening, wanna grab dinner tomorrow or something?
shoutout JaySki be home soon....
HOT PRODUCER outta RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum
Yes, see you at ASTD11.
Looking forward to it.

absolutely my pleasure to support such a remarkable event  group.
Looking fwd to seeing u.
How about a compromise?
Write then ashtray?
Best of both worlds
life proof?
So tired...
where do yall play today?
yep!
You coming?
are going the fuck off right now at Juicy Beach!
Rolling gars eating good food.....
Why am I not surprised...
What does it mean when u get a tattoo of a killer from a scary movie??
I'd watch out for that person, just sayin
bet dm me on those 2
So, are monkeys more like oceans, puddings, or machines?
Got my visa!
Looks like it's finally all systems go for my Russian adventure.
Leaving Friday...
Happy to connect !
why did nsync just play on my iTunes, and why did i think of you?
if anybody deserves to see in concert again it's definitely you :
Eh i dont, i just miss how hot he was
Offers PennySaver advertising, PennySaver want ads and PennySaver classifieds in free weeklies nationwide from top on line advertising...
Show tonight!
Barrington, IL.
710 pm Acoustic music!!!
Covers and originals.
Hope to see you!
vs OpenMail, where the same email is sent to everyone, and software distribution is handled as a separate process.
I'd prefer OM.
It so cool, to just been chillin, listening to the radio and you hear your music!
s/o to 88.7 FM Edwardsville.
in a mood
I love how a box of trojans dont last me a week 
Very true..
can't go back to old diet once you lose weight  then have to go on new diet.
Yoyo diets  losing muscle also.
thank you :
ayo, what's good man!
you got a spot lined up out here yet or what?
on Heliotrope.
I saw one man under arrest and a car being towed.
Last of the police cars getting ready to leave.
I followed him :D
It's funny how in the begining of a friendship there is a touch barrier.
Thank you.
: They are pretty great!
Still sleepy now.
Why I cant go to bed before 0 o'clock?
Smh to me
Hah!
It's good though!
Hey, remember when they used to do that kind of thing and it wasn't kneejerk leftism?
iPhone 4S: ATT vs.
Verizon vs.
Sprint  Which Carrier is Best?
Gotta Be Mobile
Oh yay!Very easy to hide!
Thanks for making today the freshest day in the history of produce.
Hey smcsea missing you guys  playing along from afar
This is a tweet I want to send to just LinkedIn if I'm not in Hootsuite
Glad you enjoyed ABQ!
We love it here too.
the only reason why i want it to be monday tomorrow is so that i can watch Pretty little liars
: Semi final game vs south range ready to win ballin glgl buddy!!
When people talk and act like their five
Will Ferrell was hanging out on Adams Ave last weekend and John C.
Reily will be around this weekend?
TY for your kind words and FF!
UR a good friend.
What?
No?!Really?
Sending our crack reporters and crack photographers to cover the structural damage at the Sherman Minton Bridge.
Your RT of this comment worked becuz DapaDon just lost 2 followers.
Thanks for following!
Hope to see you on the 25th!
Sent you a note about We would love to give you a demo about this new social network for neighborhoods.
Babay if opposites attract then why are we fighting over our differences ?
I think they're just fishing 4 publicity.
Especially when u read the producer's tweet
: Saw Shaq at Shout restaurant on Friday.
The man is a giant
damn I do too...
NSMN member to donate money to cancer from book sales.
Inspiring!
sportsbusinessbookstore.com
Dear HTC Aria, Love you to death in 364 ways.
Whatchu gotta work on is your fucking message deleting system.
ABYSMAL!
I head to Phoenix on March 3rd!
Happy birthday !!!!
:D
many thanks to for helping out with our 2012 marathon and for premium books.
we raised over 31,000!
It's to early for all that.
Lol
Do ereaders have autofeed options like Netflix for loading the next book or article after finishing and/or returning one item?
May 21st needs to hurry, I'm ready to graduate  start my life after highschool.
REGIONALS HERE WE COME!!!
I don't like Celine.
I LOVE Celine.
Special thanks to  Tim Morgan for everything!
The Ultimate Music Challenge tonight at Cowtippers.
Texas Ritas, Taco Tuesdays and bacon  blue cheese topped NY Strip.
YUM!!
Talk to your customers like you know them.
Be customerled, don't just pretend.
my dad is eating leftover chicken out of the garbage can.
charming.
Hey ...santa should be picking you up anytime now  just make sure your smiling when I open you in the morning 
I agree they look very weird!!
Might get to play tennis tomorrow for the first time in 6 months...crossing my fingers!
Those Wyndam places are sweet...we stayed at one in Destin once.
I felt all swank.
How many singersongwriters do we have here?
went outside to get the mail, ppl look so ghetto over here, just out there lookin a mess
I think it's really funny that FreddyPrinceJr is on the last season of 24.
I can't really take him seriously in anything but chick flicks.
I mean BATTERY, typing too fast again.
BREAKING: MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell reporting that all national advertising on the Limbaugh show has been cancelled.
Signs of child abuse: change in behavior, learning problems, withdoctorwn, afraid to go home
Just ate tomato soup with a fork!
just close your eyes lol
You are a running beast.
I'd be jealous of your commitment but that would require effort.
;
Church MICE volunteer day at St Vincent De Paul Food Pantry tomorrow.
Can't wait!!
i'll give more than i take.
and i'll remember to want what i have.
Why am I it?
Seeing with !!
Then off to my show's
provercoffee tell us we have a constituent willing to be part of the story it helps
To celebrate your birthday my sister and I are going to have a dance party on our street!!
I WILL TRY MY HARDEST TO GET WRISTBANDS FOR ME AND WE HAVE TO GET SOME, OMFGGG.
awe: I love you too.
Thee fact that I know I won't talk to him till probably next week is making have the worst night !
My 3 y.o.
pointed his Nerf gun at me and said, Come with me, sir.
Future cop or very polite mugger?
You decide!
A town just died.
I can hear the bulldozers in the near distance.
Diesel bouquets the air.
really you don't follow anyone ?
Hmm
: Even the team goon gets poon..
wheelingtip
.
Outnumbered by the times I dash to store for just a minute and meet them wearing old shoes, handbag with broken strap, no makeup
Interested in working with/celebrating black girls?
Email and tell them you want to participate in L.O.L!
I need a bio.
Help.
LIKE I ATE SOME BAD PIZZA AND IM BOUT TO THROW SOME DOUGH UP YO TITTYS NEEDS SOME GROW UP AYE TITTY BOI U BOUT TO BLOW UP ATE NIGGA U BOUT
Keep your eyes peeled Monday for a big announcement...
I saw the Grateful Dead live in 1994
o//  two skipatrol tobogganing down an injured
can we get the PP for CCA?
callcenterweek I cant write that fast!
Great presentation!!
Im addicted to brain;
Derek Jeter is the only player to win the AllStar MVP and World Series MVP in the same season.
History: Today in 1973, during the Watergate scandal, embattled President Richard M.
Nixon uttered the famous words, I am not a crook.
Dinner at Nightwood.
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.

then twitter says doesnt follow you.
He did 10 minutes ago:
Nope ravens my fav team always RT I'm guessing you like the New York Giants to right lol...
Teen Wolf Finale is amazing so far!
3
A friendly study of the world's religions is a sacred duty.
Mahatma Gandhi
At Emma's party!
Our local utility company just raised their rates again.
Looks like net zero homes are a thing of the future!
Hopefully some of those people are carrying more flour bombs.
ha ha you sure your ready homie?
Hey thanks!!
I'm extremely horny this morning.
RT : Y'all with this spam shit.
My DM's booming with that shit.
it's 12:48 right now at San Antonio
voiceofreason MT : I love Twitter as much as anybody.
Let's not blow our ACLs jumping to conclusions on Tweet
Another Tuesday, another free cocktail!
RT/DM us your name for this week's password for a free cocktail today 5:307pm!
lol i told my dad the same exact thing.
Jeff got gas pump dumped lmfao
Thanks for following and the link to the article.
Thankful and blessed.
2 words that describe me.
Can't wait to go crazy with my tax refund!
14 dollars!?
Gourmet hot dog anyone?
Keep an eye out for the Music issue...
Got your own private jet now?
:
You mean the world to me.
I wish you realized that.
is that you in the background with the long hair?
deff girl Haha Idk if I'm coming Friday or Saturday but only 3 more days :
Played TurnToYou by for my mom...SHE DOESN'T JUST LIKE IT....SHE LOVES IT!!;
i have no clue who that is.
flavor fllllaaaav
At Piestewa Summit Trail
do sum schoolwork then
Thanks for playing my songs and spreading the love around!
Thanks for bringing Black as Night Lager to Florida for a couple of months.
It's my favorite beer of ALL TIME!
Come back soon!
where are you dishing it out at?
Hopefully you can visit again soon!
I am with you, I think he sucks.
Age is nothing but a number damnit!!!!
unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.
e.e.
cummings
King George VI The highest of distinctions is service to others.
I will pay any bloggers 30 to post a new blog with a text link to one of my client's sites...
Tweet me if you're interested.
3:15AM, 9 Espresso Shots.....
bring on the final!
hey I know hoops!
Real is real lol
send us suggestions or your own material to
Tennessee Employment Security Law allows personnel records as evidence in misconduct claims.
CC:
geeking out on Ahmad Jamal's The Awakening.
I love it.

we said, and Lilley didnt in his article, May Allah protect you or Fi Amanillah is equivalent in the Islamic faith to goodbye
Amazed at the funny looks I got whilst blaring Anarchy in the UK in a Miami parking lot.
No sense of humor peeps?
All of my messages are failing  wtf.
I was going to flip you off but I thought long and hard about the consequences if it wasn't you
Thank you.
: congrats on getting the lead rolethank u:
Congrats to my big brother !
Newest sous chef
Has there ever been a reason why Eric Cartman is getting Kings fans excited by saying Go Kings Go.
At LAX waiting for my redeye back to Philly.
Unenthused.
3day old email from editor for 'PRIVACY'...started with edit with full day yesterday and it is looking great!....good news 2come home too
PostHULLS aches and pains.
but im fckin ready to go home
I'm in my own Zone
don't doubt!
They just need to get it right!
:
What these bodies lack is library data  data about our transactions with faculty, among others
I did see signs of weather manipulation in the skies with respect to contrails and chemtrails.
Yeah, kind of absurd they didn't.
CarpeDonut in cville on
WTF dis shit to crazy I'm tryin to keep my cool I got this
Have to listen to 's Black Devils again.
That joint is so hard body!
oops!
Lol.
Thanks.
My last one is not so great.
:x
cool!
You haven't been watching it for 6 hours straight, have you?
Just put out a fresh batch of our Costa Rican style Rice Pudding!
Ask for it heated up...that's how they eat it in Costa Rica!
Yum!
I'm no longer a rocky horror picture show virgin.
So pleasantly confused
Trish Van Pilsum's window washing investigation tonight on FOX 9 Learn the disturbing number of MN deaths and watch her do the dangle!
Just jump out the SEMI TRUCK bout hit plush all da bad bitches meet me there
Hope you feel better soon, Pickle Twin!
:
I'm doing good its a dance show to night how are.
U doing
Photoshoot on top of Stone Mt went very well.
Can't wait to see images.
Q I've often wondered: why does DH conference not publish full paper proceedings?
More like MLA/APA than ACM?
Let's go San Antonio spurs!!!!!
Production laptop it, babycakes!
Don't take the chance!
It's all SO good.
Seriously impressed.
We're now working with Rockwall, TX on their new Clarity CONNECT implementation.
My highlight of yesterday was being told I'm off work all weekend xD woohoo!
Thanks popcon for indulging me in some John Cage love.
Great panel; unexpected connections with papers on Morrissey and trans vocality.
www.coderguy.com had some server issues this morning.
Back up now:
How can 4 people sleep in maho bay tents: hey all
The best of life is being happy with Jeush..
My stupid bro neighbors were having a kegger today while my parents were visiting.
I had to explain beer pong to my dad.
The zoo keepers laugh at any thing that makes a monkey different!
i know in 120 miles away but i can smell the nasty piss smell of that shitty stadium all the way from madison.
Wrigley  dump
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Breath focus during physical training helps minimize distracting unproductive thoughts
Oh NO
I want to meet because their music inspires me in a way that's inexplicable!
Even Ice is reusable my boy had a few blocks left in his cup and he when and put it back in the freezer lmao funiest shit ever
Thanks to all who entered our Serpent Necklace giveaway.
The winner will be announced soon!
We're having quite the time watching you guys blow the fup!
Of course I'm on twitter, I'm not THAT old!
Good to see you here and thank you!
Back in the studio today with .
Almost finished!
Just had a lovely conversation with The Beat Dolls!
Good people!
We should be starting the broadcast soon!
Finding air plane parts in my garden
In real love you want the other person's good.
In romantic love you want the other person.
Looks like some AllPro running from Ray Rice through one quarter..
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to tweeting w/ you.
Cheers!
Jeremiah 49:11 Leave your orphans; I will protect their lives.
Thanks!
and I are glad you are enjoying the book.
happy birthday bro!
Hope you had a good time at home.
bible I want a birthday cake after last night lol ....
Medina wouldn't know she too cool for the gym
Who won't Obama play golf with?
USSportspages.com
oh yeah!
That's straight.
What are we doing tonight?
all good here thx
Almost have all the stitches back on the needles after having to rip back to have enough yarn to finish.
Estimating yarn not my strong suit.
Absurd!
Look at the money he spent and they finished 8th?
Any other manager would have gone long ago.
He destroyed Toon too!
Nervous, but excited for the packers game.
If Rodgers stays focused and the oline plays well, this game is ours.
My show on 6/25 is called Red Eyed  Sleep Deprived.
Im going to see how much new art i can make for it whilst sacrificing sleep.
I heard you working on a new album.
What are you calling it?
I know its going to be amazing.
Your really talented.
any theories about flight time?
Why do we sometimes land 40 mins early,  others 20 mins late earlylanding nogate WHY!!
What are you doing at State Fair this weekend...bands?
food on a stick?
rides?
thanks!
I'm still thinkin about bacon.
Future of Twitter: pretty soon all the stores near me will start sending DM's from their products that just say, Come buy me!
Hello world!
This guy really just exclaimed Hooray!
when our plane landed 
Always interesting: How to Forecast  Measure Your Marketing ROI with a Scorecard
no bc I'm starting to get OLD and have so much to accomplish :
see at that point in the day, a bra is just unnecessary
Lame!!!
: Last night I had a doctoram about a doctoram about you...
tracknumber7
haha!
Time has gone by so fast!
I used to see your parents occasionally.
They looked exactly the same, young as ever!
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight.
Follow  RT to be eligible
yes!
Screamingmimi is my handle
This videoo is crazy.
These pple need Help
Found out my a other account
was that the song playing when you went to a knee?
Congrats buddy!
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people !!
S/O to a new follower and friend, com holla atcha boi iight
My lower back would like me to invest in a stand up desk.
don't DeleteYourAccount or you WILL regret it.
what's up timeline
Eatin jelly sandwiches
Getting geared up for matchday2012 and loving the costumes!
...
Is it bad that I still stand by what I said?
ok great now I have to watch it
If I was a Rangers fan, I would demand Michael Young be traded.
The smartest man in all of , my editor , is now on Twitter.
Pretty moving moment.
RIGHT!
And you'd think he'd quit with all these reckless tweets.
He's not going to be happy until he gets fired from CNN.
It's kind of comforting to have your bed smell like your last gentleman caller.
Less comforting when he smelled like sausage.
Putting the books aside for the three day weekend.
Bring on the beer, bacon and football!
good luck dude the love is with u when ur stuck say my name u will get the answer
No, MarkLogic is not a kluge of Lucene, SOLR, Tomcat, etc.
The founder wrote this sh himself...
Oh, Community.
I love you 3
Interested in becoming a sponsor?
Great!
Email us for details:
...and a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Yogi Berra, a living legend!
Grove Wines delivered on set to Oscar Winner Colin Firth  Emily Blunt, to enjoy while shooting movie Arthur Newman, Golf Pro near Grove.
give credit for being the first...
me too!!
:/ i no, we break up really late this year!!!!
:
I just don't think it's a popular route.
3 years ago multiple airlines offered nonstop routes between PHL  CMH
Which one do you think is more scary?
A zombie outbreak or an infected outbreak?
Tell us why.
Thanks!
NE
Thanks for the follow !
Can you tell I said I was sorry
I guess we ain't playing D tonight...
Heat come on!
I hate people with stink feet 1 word bakingsoda
I can't get enough of it!
morelies RT LiesPeopleAlwaysTell Papyrus is my favorite font
Never forget those that gave you a helping hand, someday you will need them again.
TINK!?....Um, NO.
It's only 2:30am here on the west coast!!!
And for the record, I'm rooting for a kings vs.
Rangers StanleyCup Final because NY vs.
LA would be great for the
THAT is quite a long day.
Good for you man.
It's better to be unhappy alone, than unhappy with someone
I came i saw i scrolled!
lol
Getting ready to bring it to New York.
Looking forward to meeting you guys.
We changed the format of our site and changed hosts!!!!
We have A LOT more to offer on the site now!
More apps, better chat features,
I'm tired On my way!
Bac from jersey its all rainy then windy I saw like 20 accidents not try a be 21 lol
Everywhere in Baltimore is bullshit honestly
I don't smoke it but weed should be legal
Very interesting talk now on midcentury tourism in Savannah  Georgia.
where was that photo taken?
the windows and the light in there are gorgeous.
do Ben  jerry have a jazzy flavor?
who a group singers looking for one more singer?
Excited to see and other awesome women biz leaders tonight
hey Frankie what's up?
I'm so bored...
:
Have to run 16 miles today.
My dilemma...
Whether to do it before or after the potential tornado touchdown.
Hm
no you didn't
What's Next for Nadal?: Fan's Thoughts  Yahoo!
Sports
InCollege you have no break whatsoever.
lmao no worries.
I want a tattoo
gr8 stuff..love ref to Caddyshack and Fast Times..
Of course..
Why wouldn't that be the case
my dads notification ringtone is the light saber noise.
.

No female wants to be called a bitch, but once you put bad in front of it, these hoes feel honored.
if only we had sent them our prezi!
she writes storys O.o
The claustrophobic fear of an mister this a.m.,was only heightened by the nurse sayinghow about some Aerosmith while you're in there?
Q.
Why did the chicken run into the busy street?
A.
Because he hated his life.
its not your birthday
FF We may disagree but I enjoy her work.
If you are learning web dev and design, you need to follow her.
I'm sure McCain didn't get up because he's old.
Right?
Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
Dumas
Love the new Optima ad.
Some call it ahead of its time.
Others call it what it really is Badass.
Totally did a double take.
I tried looking it up and found like a thousand different solutions.
:/
come home to UCLA bro...pac 12 is weak, you can put up 's and go league....and youre gonna get that hometown support
chillin in the locks come vibe wit me
Romantic Rain i love this weather....
designergigs F
You GUYS.
Earlier I said I didn't know what to eat and NO ONE advised me on what to eat!
Is the internet broken?
wow, someone is on one heck of a bender.
Jose, this is an intervention.
You need help
I wished I lived in Cali I wanna go to an ABDC taping so bad!
I just need to move there already!
Awesome!
is using our socialoffers widget to offer 15 OFF!
Watching the U.
S.
1 trying to sell an Iran war is like seeing a faded movie star in an infomercial.
It's a plea for relevance.
OK, I just got around to reading the story about gender reveal parties.
I guess I'm supposed to be outraged?
Not really sure why.
UPS or FedEX need to pull up ASAP
Whoever gets back to me first on ideal from is getting my vote!
I should be waking up in the woods in Florida right now...with underwear round my head...
Feeling unordinary today...
do you not know what it means?
Off to the Med Center for client development meetings.
Ya well just got it and only have 5 followers so
lmao love you and salim hope y'all has fun tonight
you know what else is a problem, vomit words.
Still worried about your reading comprehension.
John Hull doesn't like Jon Marlott's opinion, so I say shut up.
I like how you're next to me and tweeted at me..
and now I'm doing it too!
:p
I will note that just HTTP 1.1 RFC is 180 pages.
RFC3920 and 3921 together are a bit less.
Neither is simple.
Why make school start on a Thursday ?
Ahaha people don't think .
But I don't go back till next week on Tuesday :
Wtf all my teachers been out like everyday it not fair there most likely at the beach enjoying the weather :
one dollar, two bags of gummy bears.
it's like, nothing bad can ever happen!
Teams are being announced!
Minutes away from gametime in MIlwaukee!
that's what you do when you don't have anything prepared.
If I ever get promoted to God, I'm totally gonna make nutella trees happen
Cutting niggas off , like a VARSITY coach !
Hey Hey Hey how it Going?
You run towards the mosque  temple but you never went into your true self.
Baba Bulleh Shah
hahahahaha good point
Where is the stock market going from here????
What will work to help the ecomony???
Sometimes I think that some people are against texting me...
cough cough...
;
hahahahaha yes have fun ;
liberal agenda
HA!
With Four Loko, I'm not so sure you'll even need NyQuil!
That shit's muy loko!
reading your tweet makes me hungry now..
and sitting with the best boyfriend in the world!
Been bumpin the old party cds from the boom boom room days.
So many of these mcs fell off but great music/memories.
Er, what?
There's a chance that one of my cats will wear a bow tie, but she's not keen on leaving the house...
Why'd you go with the 7D?
Chilling wit my kids
RT Remember this: Everything you do brings you closer to or further from your goal.
Trent Reznor just won an Oscar
RT Sitting in my seat waiting for trace adkins to take the stage!!!
Hope y'all are having fun at the Palace!
the buggy will be on the streets this summer!
I'm at the Sacramento CCLI workshop on embedded librarianship.
Packed house.
I'm usually studying people in city settings.
Don't get out in the wilderness like you dirt guys too much.
At least, not yet :
Have a good night everyone!
haha...awesome.
Best high school job ever!
Hello???
She wasn't talking about HER freaking birth control.
She was talking about women in general.
Read her testimony.
What does doing both of those things at the same make me?
Success always comes when preparation meets opportunity
Know that emptiness is an illusion.
No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
I MISS ALL OF YOU!
There was something in that voice...that spoke to people around the world.
Loren Schoenberg on Louis Armstrong.
Yes, MI3 was good.
Loved Keri Russell's scenes in the beginning but DIDN'T love the wife plot.
LOVED Maggie Q, too!
: Matter is a myth .
Consciousness is reality.
Don't be bamboozled by a hallucination.
Gravity too?
Go to Qazis in Freemont.
Cheap and informal, but most authentic Indian food I've found here.
If they're smart, they are.
Well, maybe not smart.
doctornk, perhaps.
Or something.
What were we talking about again?
wish we could be at 's Nonprofessort Networking event tonight.
there's always next year!
When seeking Truth, go no farther than your heart.
Buckeyes come out rollin' over Dukies in front of entire NBA apparently
I'll be there
Applications will be coming out soon for the 2012 Market!
What you resist persists.
Robert Collier
so im finna hit this shower had a long day
She!
Smart boys :
Hm what to do today
Idea: App that allows you to check in on Foursquare and Yelp with one click.
Happy Easter everyone!!!
Why I haven't seen such a Whiny look on someone's face since...well...Bobby Valentine.
phinally some runs!!
movies with k jizzle!
forget the haters  this is your team and personally I am glad it is...
Keep grinding.
Forget the
Thanks for the shout out!
loading into Swedish Hall in SF, new Death Cab playing on the PA.
I say we play a show together.
brrrrrr, it's 67 and I have my blanket, enjoy your snow!
;
Hey everybody!
:D
haha lil wayne cant find the mic on mtv movie awards.
oh well hopefully he gets to sing instead!
Lakers got me stressed right now.
why do u hava a new twitter ?
trippen off my lil sis, dont know how to be a big sister and a friend!!!!
uUUGGhh!she is only 15 years OLD !!
Can those pictures make it on ggurls?
so tired from church but I love going there
Break a bitch heart.
No future, miss Cleo.
RT Sorry I missed yesterday's mtg, but glad decided to speak out at Southwood today!; Thanks!
What a lineup!
Thanks for the retweet!
No one wants to hear you chew your gum!!
Stop!!!
ABSOLUTELY , POSITIVELY , TOTALLY MAVVVVVVELOUS!!!!
ONE FOR ALL, ALL FOR ONE!!!
CONGRATS, MAVS!!
Sorry for party rocking.
Hey all!
is back!
Heading to Urbana.
Anyone else going to be there?
You're married!
Congrats!
Happy New Year!
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
Be Safe.
CLUB
day ruined : I was so excited for wednesday
pssst save me some :P
thank you so much for making the delicious Costa Rican coffee this morning from !
2011.08.09 Brewers 5 Cardinals 3  Extra inning win / over Central rival Cards / stretch lead to four games
Good Morning West Coast Followers!
Baby take a chance or you never ever know..
I can't wait to present at the CREAL Conference this May!!
Discussing order of preference of original Starburst flavors with Mine: pink, orange, red, yellow.
What's yours?
halflife is shortest on twitter, longer on fb, youtube longest
goshh doctorjack i will dude okay !
i get out june 1st
I'm admitting that I'm watching WWE with my hubby right now only because they're spraying Olympia beer everywhere!
Thanks for the RT  see you Friday!!
Sally is all holier than thou now.
Hey big Guess what??
Your little got the Debs Award!
that's awesome.
Great to meet you!
Oh yeahh and no I.D.
check ; haha.
well this gdp is purple af  it smells M M M!
;p me too!
the trapeze artist though !
3
The debt ceiling reminds me of the Charlie  the Chocolate Factory scene when Charlie  grandpa burped to escape the deadly ceiling fan.
Wagons east!
that was just a screen shot of a couple lines from Friday!
SHA2013, and related searches, account for 4th highest query.
I can't come up with the word to explain how bad bryzgalov has been.
good luck!
:
I aint never seen you round here before, where you reside?
ok Ravens lets play like a raven today
if this is happening now I can imagine what will happen on census day.
I might not be able to get in to arbitrate...oh well
Sock Summit!!
What a genius plan!
is a wackadoodle
tehehe.
Thank you.
And i was making sure the visible ones wouldn't prevebt me from a job.
3 good unsaggable places for tats
proud to rock it
...and now a member of The Recording Academy.
1thingicantstand, Paying full price for anything, so Heart of the King is now on so go there to get your 50 off tickets.
omg my stomach hurts
A Lot Of Y'all Niggaz On Twitter Ain't Doin Big Thangs!!In RealLife Y'all Livin Check 2 Check!!
she looks like my baby red
depends on shanban wheel of justice!
you can eat sweets tomorrow!
Lent officially ends tonight.
But Sunday is fine too.
Angels walk off, win 54 in extra frames
If you had to go vegan for some gun to your head kinda reason.
What would you miss most?
Bacon?
Cheese?
I'm.
Gonna say bacon and cheese.
NBA playoffs!
Nothing like it.
Let's get these games going!
MFFL
huh?
what are you talking about?
what tattoo?
RT : If you don't have a PM you're shooting yourself in the foot cdmug doctorpal presentation.
Out the gate Cal Supreme 17's rolls over the Pumps without Parker Cartwright .
S/O to Thanks fam!
Morso Express is available to Georgetown University students with GoCards
I love it when you find random numbers that coincidentally end up being the same.
It gives me this magical feeling for some reason.
Super excited for first day!
Man I'm so sleepy
What a week...played Reggae Friday, good auditions today and yesterday and just got cast in a feature shooting in two weeks!
God is great!
Clint Hurdle is trolling us so hard this game.
So many pregnant women and babies at this Starbucks.
Is it contagious?
Should I be worried?
I think he told me that a time or two also lmao
Is on foot!
jon is awake from his twitter nap
Agreed.
Next month we need to make steaks, grilled chicken, etc.
It must be really nice out, I've seen a few daisy dukes tweets...lol
kicking back with a movie.
Its 10pm here Down Under :
Indeed I do...We go back like nap mats and sippy cups.
96.1 plays the same 7 songs all day
that's what it do, playboy!
Mistakes are the portals of discovery  James Joyce
Can't wait to hear all about it!
Let's link for dinner next week?
I'll reach out soon to set a date.
so I don't own a single piece of merch for a single band at bamboozle this year.
It's a great day for a baseball game.
Don't batch all of us into that.
C'mon now
It's now official.
When it comes to putting players in the NBA, Louisville is the 3rd best program in the state of Kentucky.
Going to be covering the Small Boutique Fashion Week show on Saturday super excited to see and film these emerging designers.
I did!
It was so much fun!
Where were you?
:0
seeing more nonprofessort funders looking for innovative proposals, we can be your innovative research partner :
What are you playing at?
Words.
Words!
They're all we have to go on!
Tom Stoppard's Rosencrantz  Guildenstern Are Dead
It's challenging, that's for sure!
LETS RUN THE SAME PLAY 4 TIMES IN A ROW FROM THE GOAL LINE AND HOPE WE SCORE...THIS IS WHY YOUR PROGRAM SUCKS...
: today would be a perfect day to let customers pay via text on their phone for food.
Text me for more info 9164206020
I need a boyfriend so when my friends ditch me, I always have someone there for me.
oh...
yeah.
i get that.
ok, for you: cheese.
Another day ready to help some dads see their kids.
BRING IT!
i need help with this protons neuton quiz
Ok.
Day 1.
Only 35 mi.
but a good start.
New friends at Growing Home organic farm in Marseilles, IL.
some helpful extra maps, too.
I'm too fly to be depressed
Haha, that's pretty good.
So glad that fun people like find me on here!
:
We created the system you play in
Excavator Clay Burrowing Substrate 10lb
Is it s birthday??
beautiful venue!
Florida State's President has me legit LOLing.
Sorry, any condolence, we live in Texas
Hahahahaha.
That's so funny.
thank you!!
and thanks for that isthmus twitter professorle!
: you got me going here!
The childs father and mother marveled at what was said about him.
Luke 2:33
as my daddy always says, then you're doing it wrong.
New post: CLARION THD400
me neither girl!
And watching him get dumped?
And seeing him fall in love with a girl who never liked him?
Too early RT : OK we got Gary to hit that absurdly long 3.
Now put in Patty Mills
I love my life too much to care about materials I love you babe even though we have so many fall outs
Elivate and Dominate :
Single ladies, write a ltr 2 a solider.
U never know :
Obvious that the Refs have Memphis picked in there brackets.
hey!
Nice twitter avatar.
wink wink :
Hey, , it looks like your account has been hacked and you're sending out DM Spam, bud.
Time to change your password.
Sally ate fish!
After voting the recall, talked w/ son's phenomenal 2nd grade teacher who is getting pushed to WI retirement.
Losing good people.
Why is it that when u want to sleep the whole world seems to conspire against u.
Wtf
Had to show firewall consultant how to setup hyperterm after he failed with putty.
Seriously how does he have a job?

Heard from many ppl who said didn't care who Dem candidate was/didn't vote today, just want to recall Walker 6/5...
Anyone with a video game system for a name is legit.
Too bad my parents didn't name me Xbox.
I wish I were still there!
I so wanted to be there for this.
And for Shloss.
Apparently October was a good month for Joyce at HRC.
DONE AND DONE.
As much as I hate this class, in a weird way I'm gonna miss it.
it makes sense...just try not to let the little things bother you!
Hard to do tho
clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose
The only good thing coming out of this surgery is the sleep u get on anesthesia
So close.
Have a negroni.
Hearing Shane Snow of at Writers should check it out.
It changes things for the better lmao
Do you think that Gomez bunt was a play that R put on?
Or did Gomez just throw it down?
Then no one dies nigga...lets secretly kill doe
it's been hacked, sist :
Congrats on the move  is lucky to have you!
hope you feel better soon!
Thank you so much!!!!
and these past two weeks I've been in contact with nothing but these people ...
Thanks for following.
Took a look at your site.
Nicely done!
yes sir!
Almost done bootcamping the MacBook.
Gotsta make a run for a cafine infested doctornk and then time for Ripley to kick some ass!
Thanks for following!
How did you hear about us?
I see your a youth ministry....
where are you located out of?
Queen Victoria's Bomb by Clark for retrofuturist tech speculation, but Moorcock for tone
Chipotle.
I have a house inside of there.
Madelou: the story is the same...what changes is the minds of those who receive
I Love Haulin' Oats, Maneater: Condescension as Integral Component of Agrarian Perspectives on Cannibal Culture
I wanna disapear sometimes..
My son's roommate is from there.
I met his mom  will alert her.
More info on website?
What a great venue for you and ALICE!
Two hours left until were in LDN
Providing Discounts for Group Reservations visit our site and Seclect OUR SERVICES.
www.myvegaspeople.com
incaseyoudidntknow tomorrow will be thee best day of my life
Will smith ur So cool!: Awesome tweets!!
:
Awesome idea  I began my godforsaken career in Detroit.
Good luck to you!
Congrats on the emerging leaders program!
It's a big honor!
has a grown ass woman crush on LupeFiasco.
Shhhh....don't tell anyone.
Thanks for the tip.
I'll definitely check it out.
Did you see WeBoughtaZoo?
The CameronCrowe faithful have to stick together.
Things looking real funny right now but God knows so I go forward and never look back shit happens for a reason I always believe that
good to know.
And yes it was gold plated.
Not as good as the showcase where Kristen wiig couldn't stop laughing
what are you talking abou?!
are you going to run or watch GOP cut bait?
Miracles are of all sizes.
And if you start believing in little miracles, you can work up to the bigger ones.
Book me !!!!!!!
Thursday and Friday open to make more money to spend :
that you a big ass freak yourself waiting on yours lol
That's 11 points for Leonard.
Spurs lead 5630.
Congratulations to a couple of great DD fans!
Welcome home to RT : So proud at Purdue graduation
OMG!!
Its so a Beautiful!!
Happy birthday to you, !!!
That's usually what I start doing right before I stab someone.
Go eat something with protein.
Today is !
What or how are you giving today?
Oh, Grey's Anatomy.
I thought I quit you.
Looking for local foodies to follow over Would love to be able to search twitter users by interest and location.
Possible?
it's all in a days work
thank you for your words
RT : The song of the birds and waterfall outside Powell Library is so therapeutic.
Can the refs give everyone a T?!?!
this chick in my professorle page is standing on her toes makes me look 510  wait I am 510 ...
Lol
probably in the dugout
My two favorite girls
Not good if you have teens at home :
first stop, Amsterdam with
Bruh you don't even know.
She got buddy tryin to pay for my food to show off and get in good with the team 
You can post your complaint in alt.chrome.supported.protocols
Revelations of university39;s secret deal outrages staff
I swear....WHEN I FIND OUT WHO KEEPS POSTING THIS SHIT I WILL BREAK OFF MY FOOT IN YOUR ASS!!!!!

how they know that?
and I'm Always multitasking!
Especially since they didn't want to pay anywhere near full price.
V
Catch all the games tonight at Monks!!
Specials on doctornks to come for all Monks Twitter followers.
UC?
or OSU?...
I created one last nt gonna post later :
i havnt really been on :/
consider the oyster
20 off handbags, wallets and clothing ALL weekend when you mention this tweet!
i thought i was the only one...
haha
POP GOES THE GIO PLAY THIS WEEKEND AT 3160 ON FRIDAY AND SERINITY LOUNGE ON SATURDAY CHECK OUT WWW.POPGOESTHEGIO.COM
Down, I have that P90X, I still haven't tried.
Sailing hero told no wheelchairs allowed
Finally heading home after a long ass day
BTW, have you heard of the Meatball Shop in Brooklyn?
Maybe is the same idea ;
GOODMORNING!!
IF YOU'RE BEST IS NOT ENOUGH..
GIVE MORE!!!!
Fitness Center laundoctor facilities temporarily down...please bring your own towel thru 4/26.
Thanks!
well said : Big time ups for that.
We need more lifelong families to do that.
Blissfully and completely happy!
Goodnight, moon.
:
Lord grant me the strength to climb out of the YouTube trance I'm in.
...
blegh nvm it says they are temporarily over capacity even if you've been invitedd, wahh too sloww
Filling out an IT skills survey for work.
Surreal putting 20 years of experience for some things.
I hear that Amare really packs a punch
fact RT : Things it does take two for: 1 making a thing go right 2 making it out of sight.
Tonight I plan on getting shit balls doctornk and shamelessly hitting on and
polygamists  joseph smith  pot smoking hipsters and occupy commies
Moms said she just wanna chill by the pool  doctornk .
Fine w me !
THANK YOU!
:
God, these postseason games are stressing me the FUCK out.
Trust me..this country is in much greater danger than worrying about if Adam can legally marry eve's uncle Tim.
Happy Hump Day!
Covered in chocolate.
The pad is goin hard rite now
my fone was being stupid and I had a lots of ppl texting me tht why?
I'm tired of society guilting me into wanting abs.
FYOU!!
If you need me I'll be doing cardio and crunches the next hour.
Lol!!
Followed!
I have to tell you that it's Follow back and not Fallow back :
I miss the old times where I quite loved every episode but now every episode is sad !!!
agreed.
Everyone was screaming for it.
Baseman just doesn't have it
I don't need a holiday to doctornk tequila and make bad decisions.
oh well thats great
It's one step above Thunder Up: Tornado Up.
You got's it!
Only thing we know for sure is that Metta's a little out there.
: shoot i don't either.!
Tehe you too  okie dokie, you go mimis.!
nighty night.
firework please!
gosh that would be helpful then ur moms like do u have another pair and your like ya i carry a extra pair with me
Joanne  you're so welcome  I'll take that blessing!
:

Always plan for the comeback Slick.....bigger, faster, stronger!
dude!
Next week when its not crazy come sign my year book!
Lol
:o You're BGirl skills are...
Pride and prejudice: Pride impacts racism and homophobia
Just got the new twitter...I don't like writing on the left side :
Good question.
I would think this would be a family document.
tweet tweet3 sorry I forgot ill do one everyday after swimming like I said:
Who is he there?
The master or Douglass?
nothing much wbu??
Hey Rowan, not sure haven't been invited yet!
I will steal you Poster
I hope that amazing things come out of this for her.
omg Jill Scott storytellers comes on Monday...
maddi i need to talk kan u talk?
If you are bothered by the TRUTH than you must be living a lie!
I miss my dog so fucking much.
It saddens me.
I'll never see him again.
The web video conferencing the business professorssionals could organize their meetings daily.
Thanks to for organizing everything for the tutorial today!
mase is that dude!!
Problems with Roland.
He's now my ex lol.
But I'm happy for you  you're very welcome :D
very talented animator of the film Murray John designed mouth.
what photo?
just busy!
Are your legs out ?
On a positive note I'm digging Craig Sagar's suit!
that's where I'm at right now 
...that is to so true!!!Bravisimo!!!
so i should stop
The best restaurants in Chinatown are usually NOT listed on Yelp.
hey can help me with something ?
74 for a 60Minute Private Flight Lesson Over Dallas from Monarch Air
Copy paste stuck in my head
Lol 0.o Maybe thats why you guys didn't get along....
perhaps too alike....
already at a cruising altitude of 420 ft!
He can't even make free throws smh
big clearence sale!!
evey pair left of this collection of guie shoes 50!
welcome spring back in style and get a pair of guie shoes!
Take it home  let bubble up, that's the Double Up!
If you get in Trouble that just means you Fucking Up!
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
Al Bernstein
You always get SO much food on NoReservations, who eats what you can't?
its time to get down to brass tax
If Vinnie Chulk were worth a damn, his eyebrows would certainly have their own Twitter account by now.
Ihop after prom cool shit ..
I like that background lol and your blog is nice man keep doing your thing
I wanna learn how to dance like them!!!
I know me too : I miss you
Me: duck quesadilla, wild striped bass w spinach and potato cake.
Islander.
Good idea, there's a few great sites for cycling that are similar to what you're talking about
Tinkle berry I miss you!!!!
word u still up there?
And I think its in logic
some heat fans too lol
It's too hot, it's too cold, my skin is crawling, I can't get comfortable or sleep, I thought I would be done with this fever by now.
I refuse to let my fears and insecurities speak louder than God's voice
My bad, I didn't know it was cute to correct some one on spelling ..
This is twitter not english
: OH MY GOD!!!
mine just transformed into a black eye!
LOL!
Feelya.
Mine happened RIGHT b4 my review.
Kage was like, oh
I will have blonde hair by this time next week.
Omg, bunnies!
3
A win is a win, but an ugly one.
Well that was 3 1/2 hours of my life i'll never get back
Tauruses still haunting you huh?!
Kmsl.
Oh, Clarence!
We finished 31 tonight..Also sent a lean out on Fresno st 5.5 .
March Madness special only 99 includes all games thru April 15th
You were so right about adults wearing them too!
Yet was still a shock to see it w/ my own eyes.
jazz on mic is auditioning for the next global jazz band.
Send audition link to GD LUCK
Yep, if the Lakers lose tomorrow all slandered is redirected, we just gotta accept these rules of etiquette lol
FNL is lifechanging television.
We could have IC viewing parties but season 5 was the end.
Netflix nights?
screw Colin.
He ripped RODGERS ALL YEAR....
Kept saying he was arrogant, etc....
He ripped GB totally hard several times.
At our cat hospital, we have your biz class net.
It is turned off every Saturday night,  our business is affected every Sunday
guitar background  I'm better at the guitar than beat programming.
I'm trying to make the guitar centered electronic thing work
Congrats all the best to you Ally and Bergen!
Im gona save my resolutions till 2013 since the world might end before that lol
kids Mother Goose Storytime at West Irving Public Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Mother Goose Storytime is recommended for childoctorn ages 6...
lots of fans?
Where?
when you bringin the macadellic tour home?
:
It's go time.
Not liking that Harvard/Vandy matchup for my Crimson either...
Yummy!
Add some bacon and basil if you have!
Trust me.
Delicious.
i just love it when everybody i work with decides to fuck me over at the same time
iPhone users: snap chat me.
Good parenting RT : My mama ALWAYS calls/text whenever it rains/storms...always!!
Hey are you at home ....
: how u and ur friend the water buffalo?
aka ox...haha.
peace.
shots fired!!
Lol.
hi can u wish me good luck tomorrow i have terra novas?
Sure.
talking about a floor level of support.
I just caution money  viability notion.
Primarily a political outsider myself.
tHEY SELL IN THE UK AT TK MAXX IN THE UK
Rereading the QDdoctor Natn'l Security Strategy for work.
In other words...
I'm actually going to the event in Chicago!
Figured since I'll be there I should take advantage of it.
Surprise good seeing everyone
Should have fallen down!
Follow me on instagram 
Today tell her she's beautiful...
Oh!
Can't wait!!!
We will definitely have the time of our lives!
Seattle, you're beautiful this morning.
daytime bad for you?
Thinking of my friend who's autism son was kicked out of after school program.
She's not sure what to do today.
:
how many won the regular season conference title?
How many games did they have to play to get to this pt?
Just did my morning work out, watching pumping Iron I feel like a piece of erotic chocolate ....
Big Bang Theory is a good one!
Quiet ones give me a peace of mind, call em' smart mouths.
okay, that was hilarious.
IS NOW FOLLOWING ME!!!!
MY MONDAY INSTANTLY BETTER 3
I didn't know.
Wanna vent?
Come on knicks we need this W
I've never received a Lexus for Xmas.
According to their commercial it's fairly common.
Just putting out there if anyone thinking gift ideas
mister nash, are you still at LI?
Sounds awesome!
Let me know whenever you plan on going again.
RT : If you are a hockey fanyou aren't loving this LAKings team, you don't deserve to watch the sport.
It's Show Time on ice.
We had to do what we had to do.
:
We are slowly approaching 300 followers.
What should we do to celebrate?
Contest?
Client Swag?
Other?
I've been reading Here Comes Daredevil by Pretty damn good.
Check it out.
word smashing some wine on a Tuesday night lol.
Kick back relax.
Time for a Parkville Giving Circle???
If the AP tent doesn't let me take a picture with you I'll commit suicide haha
Tonight: friends in NoHo, come on out for a FREE comedy show with an amazing lineup at the HaHa Cafe 8pm!
Super Mystery Jackpot song clue of the day :The title of this song would almost surely mean death to those involved.
the pot is up to 60 :
WE NEED A TABLE READ ASAP ILL HELP YOU WITH THE REST OF THE MOVIE
Talking to my bestfrienddddddd
Cell Phone Numbers Go Public next month.
To prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone: 8883821222
But it sounds like it does, but just in different ways.
On my way to see my besties  one of the best designers I know!!
thank you!
We can share zen nuggets
I think you're friend could use these tips to get buns like you
lets go to cedar point nigga !
Can you email this to Romney, so he can crucify the presi....uh...I mean...relay some facts to the people?
Next Generation Streaming App Puts Focus on Artist professort
Gates are open and people are pouring into CarolinaRebellion!
I lived how she destroyed that sundae and then finished off thally's!!!!
Anyone else A/B test makeup on opposite sides of your face?
Just checking.
What a day.
Tried boating but only made it an hour.
Too windy.
Time for Badgers football
Headed back to Philly will miss all the ease of eating delicious vegan food in the city!
We just became your 200th follower.
Big Deal Russell.
adventure time come on grab your friends we'll go to very distant lands :D
The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey I'm a little doctornk on you And high on summertime  absolutely love Luke Bryan 
Fill up on a good healthy meal before your cinco de mayo margaritas, come in to and enjoy,
put money on the 19 horse to win ....the names I'll have anozer
RT RT I like funny people.
A lot.
Yep, the audience member was queer.
ya, what is oprah gonna do money wise when her show is over...
I was goin got do my laundoctor today but we have storms coming in so I have to wait till tomorrow.
you actually like that show :
Paw an law who'll hush
I'm up this early  I don't know why....
Time to get back to snoozing  doctoraming .
:D
...you'd actually have been in excellent company.
is the only one who understands me
Bold funeral flavors.
Hahahaha...man, that's rich, so rich.
Awesome!
And with plenty of advance notice.
: I'll be there!
haha!
I made a promo out of his interview and used Baby I Like It as the music.
Seemed like a good choice!
hey and i changed my professorle pic do u guys like it: !?!?!
Just block the spammers.
There was 10 and the stream clears up pretty quickly.
We've had lives tweets on screen all day.
I brought my pencil...
60 is steep for me, too.
But most cities have plenty of people who could afford that.
They just aren't interested.
There is no free lunch, u either pay w/  or pay w/ your data.
Some1 once say, if it doesn't cost , then u are the product
You are invited to enter the Toshiba Canvio 500 Hard doctorve giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Roll up for release Plaxico!
Time Served.
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
Ha!
They just don't fold properly.
Rick Santorum, you are a strong, Christian queen...but your sweater vests left the judges feeling cold.
Now, sashay...away.
HAHAHA, it does make it hard!
Thank you always for your lovely
Watching pimp my ride and I think of hahhaahhaah
call mr
Thanks for RT
Gotcha.
Was asking b/c as an SEO myself, I think guarantees are red flags and unnecessary.
Thx for responding.
bitches always on that, text me first, shit  let it be known that as of today i'm done texting bitches first.
if you run into any vampire creatures...
try to make peace rather than killing them...
So true.
What rationale for party membership is there anymore, except an enemyshaped hole in your heart?
via
I'm going to make sure you have the absolute best sweet 16.
I will do everything possible to make it happen  My brother.
AWW 3
Mos Def.
You gotta a love team that never gives up no matter what.
That plays for a full 40 mins.
is gonna win a vma tonight!!!
hell yeah
no sir, it's not.
Thank you to Andoctora Sanders for booking with us today.We look forward to being your entertainment at your wedding in May 2013.
Happy FF  happy to be kicking off Muse2012 tonight
yes, just tweet the hashtag WITH the link.
once the vid reaches 50,000 views the city with the most tweets will win points :
We hope all is well out there La Salita Nation!!!
Now following and looking forward to the inappropriateness!
If you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been.
I wish the best for them.
Either way.
They gave us what we wanted most.
beer  baseball.
Doesn't get anymore American than this.
Just ate for the first time since yesterday morning..
and I wasn't even hungry..
Bill Belichick  convicted cheater
who doesn't?
:
I love enchiladas!
what time did you get to ES WS?
I got there right at 7am and there was a line down the street!
Vector, Rockwell,  Frutiger are good dog names.
You have to be able to yell the name at the top of your lungs.
In my doctorams, you're mine.
In my life, you're a doctoram...
That's fucking sucks!!
Cuz I hate this damn day!
Wish I could jus sleep thru it!
Ava still loves him.
Ugh!
vamp u r.
no matter what i will always love u
TY for the mention!
Have a great Friday and weekend.
Hoping I can accomplish my goal on this NY trip of being consultant and Re Glamifying my two best girlfriends.
I assume you've already got the emergence of new professorssional voices in professorssional dialogue
how about them Tar Heels
School isn't the place for me right now 
Weeded out extraneous choices for the rest of the week and Easter and am concentrating on just those now.
Feeling a little less stressed.
I didn't know it still existed thats pretty cool : which one?
Nothing beats a French press coffee break on a cold, sunny day!
Glad you enjoyed!
oy same here.
:
Your friend, is ON THE AIR!
Gonna give away some Holiday World tix this hour, listen to know when to call!
Last day of this online class and onto another five weeks 2013
Yeah I need to start!
OH: i was trying to juggle.
Wanna get home and nap i feel like shit :
or buy an easily upgradable windows laptop....
or screw it, just buy an iPad?
haha
Waah...
Just burnt my tongue with Dunkacinno....
Martin Accorsi testing out Twitter more to come!!!!
of course :
Had a great weekend with nephew...he's home now and the house seems empty.
let me kno wen u ready add my gamer tag yo kb the beast24
Just ate my lunch for breakfast.
This can't be a good sign :/
Don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
we hope you had a great time!
Thanks for the follow  hope you enjoy the book reviews!
wow my timeline says the same thing and i love sourpatch kids in general
So sad Tilda Swinton didn't get an Oscar nomination for We Need To Talk About Kevin.
your doctormmer is fucking amazing !
Rewatched The Cat and the Canary.
Silent masterpiece about the reading of the will  a murderer on the loose.
Very welcome.
Arg has broken my heart.
I finally watched Comic Book Men tonight.
So bad.
:
I can tell todays gonna be one of those shut the fuck up, i hate you,go die, days.
doctorwning in tourists.
Massive tour bus penned on Holyoke St this AM by furniture truck Traffic backed up blocks onto Mass Av.
The Movement Center in NE PDX is great  has community classes; you pay what you canclasses def.
suitable for beginners :
You need to be less MIA yo :
it was amazing, thanks!
Tyler Perry's Studios are on fire!
when is it??
id peel it and feed it to you babe.
Lol :
Good plans shape good decisions.
That's why good planning helps to make elusive doctorams come true.
Lester R.
Bittell
CAN'T WAIT TILL U GET TO NORWAY IN A MONTH!!!!!33
Lovin' Lean Forward BlueBerryPie.
Newt  Herman got pie on their hands.
Really wish that the Dallas cowboys went 016 like I wanted so we could doctorft Luck.
i def will its by palms i think u said right?
the long doctorve aint been wen ur well rested.
I will see what I can come up with brother.
Happy early bday!
Just stumbled upon a Lamborghini owner's gathering in Spanish Landing!
Very cool!
Sorry!
All my fault!
Never happen again!
:
Dude, I think you are awesome!
One day when im famous I wanna be friends.
You seem like a sweet friend.
: Hey great time Saturday, thank you for extending the invitation Always great seeing you, bro!
Good time had by all.
don't start it's too early lol
Man I don't feel like getting up for work sigh
Cubbies Chulking up one run after another.
2 out of three ain't bad.
Hopefully they have the results up tomorrow
Good morning from Upfront Consultants, how is everybody today?
Well done Penny Wong and Andoctorw Barr ...
passionate, sensible, fair and it's time
How can a person still eat Burger King after getting a whiff of the place?
The great winds of the deep fryer do not stimulate my appetite.
2nd option  major highway 2 days  not scenic at all.
both ways you're looking at about 1000Km.
I would consider ..........
FYI mikey ro was gonna take the bus and stop over my new place thursday night to hang and have a beer.
You are welcome to join.
Mondays are horrible
did it 40 days  none of my family on board , so was tough!
Am a Flexitarian now !
Works for me !
SE Cooper in Parkville.
REACTOR, Alistair and I use her, as well as several other folks in the industry.
I haven't seen you in quite a while...did you lose weight or something?
you look smaller in your pics.
Anyway, you look Great :
The only thing between me and Texas is packing a bag and a flight tomorrow morning.
But I dont want to pack!
What you are will show in what you do.
Thomas A.
Edison
Original founders, Richard  Gus Camos, have changed the name of the Six Forks store to Camos Brothers Pizza, everything the same
thanks man.
Looking forward to reading your tweets when I get up.
Some days that's all the devotional I get!
RT : Thx for the downtown love!Great night doctornking  dining in
fuck those niggas tell her you love her
don't be depressed.
Take it as an opportunity to take advantage of couples day by stealing their chocolates.
That's what I did.
Referring to the Roswell UFO Festival RT Last time we went there was a dog dyed green doctorssed as an alien.
Couldn't believe instore prices at NAPA auto parts were 10 more than online  and they wouldn't honor the web price.
Autozone got the sale
Anyone know why Penn.in front of White house partially/totally barricaded for past couple wks?
A one day trip to Seattle always seems like a better idea when I'm buying the ticket than when I'm waking up 3 hours early.
Those moments when you feel like punching the wall.
Dang.
Tweet limit AGAIN
Groundhog Day playing on Country Music Television.
guess college is about leaving your comfort zone, I do that every weekend.
Gotta get up for work too!
Morning staff meeting with Lots of good things coming to
bout to go to jam with some of my friends.......
Just bout a new LES Paul elecric guitar
Rates are in the low 4s again....
lol least I won't fall down them on my own still love u
Anyone watching early games tomorrow?
Meeting w child care advocates this a.m.
Shouldn't all child care in AL be inspected?
It's not!
Im a regular RJ Berger
haha well i just embrace the fact that im white, and dont try
Being single gets pretty boring but then again fun at the same time!;
This grizzlies game is much better than the NCAA game
YOU'RE GETTING OLD ON ME!
: Hahahahaha just kidding!
The NBA is getting younger.
A new era of players has emerged and the Lakers are at playing catchup.
sounds delightful.
Clean and possitive thoughts makes the mind wiser Oo
Crazy hail in north
I'm always ready  RT: I have a midterm exam on sunday, be prepared darling I'll need your help MyLifeSaver3
omg yes i just seen it...
it's a mess girl
professorsaid he was going to let us out at 7 rather than 9 for hawks game.
He was kidding.
Not cool.
For the last 6 years I've said that I'm done reading Dinosaur Comics.
Every day I read it anyway.
Every day I'm disappointed.
And its Tuesday 
I need summer now.
switching from bash?
thesis student asked me to be on committee.
Will read all McCarthy again this summer.
What happens in Vegas, stays on Facebook, YouTube,  Twitter :
I'm hungry.
Sweet, Bob Dylan is on Spotify now.
do you knw the name of the song she is singing?
That Hartnell pass should be featured by UPS in a Logistics commercial.
Thank you!
I hope you enjoy it.
we are playing a free show at Peabodys next Friday
i didnt laugh
Girl where are your TEETH.
first 3k words of 40k have been edited  took me 4 hours!
:   moved to a doc for my editor working on first read
Man I would be a little disappointed if steelers doctorfted Poe tonight.
Also the Pirates are above .500 team.
Time to stop underachieving
im so fucking bored
I kove the whole Manning famiy.
Great job Eli.
I feel like crying right now nothing ever goes as planned I need a car
How's your weightloss going so far?
You're using HCG, right?
:D
really ask a girl out on new years?
Thanks for posting the Esbjorn Trio link.
I only knew the name, not heard them before.
Great stuff!
Real shame about the pianist.
Hsi Lai Temple celebrates Buddha's birthday in Hacienda Heights  San Gabriel Valley Tribune
Wish I was..things would be different...and better!!!
RT You mean you're not the Pigskin Illuminati!
I wanna have a doctornk with Sid Dobrin.
Corporate Valuation Advisors Opens New York Office
Tin For Man is a rock and roll band from San Francisco.
Not too hard and not too soft.
We're like the third bowl of porridge: just right.
Good Fest.
Have a good time?
Be back in LA soon.
Police are still waiting for the coroner to release cause of death
I would follow up with an evil laugh for full effect.
I like the block carrying as long as they can only pick up things like dirt and sand.
thanks for checking it out : 
I'll save a cupcake for you!
What did the Easter Bunny bring you?
Anything good?
oh yeah..
today's cinco de mayo.
celebrating by eating some chips with salsa con queso by myself.
My lack of current state ID and inability to go out for a doctornk, or even buy booze to bring home...
is ultra depressing.
Iam not trying to hurt you .
Thank you and Happy Friday!
Intense concentration on our goals overpowers our qualms, fears and doubts.
Dennis Deaton, Ownership Spirit
Wow Esmeranda Spaulding nominated for Artist if the year.
thinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthink STOP THINKING
You should have pointed out which of you was more likely to ever be on Raw.
Thanks to everyone who came out for last night!
It was a blast!
I gasped aloud when I found out why Junior Seau was trending.
I saw he had a TV show; I thought he was dong fine!
Good bang for your buck in the MIchSt/Geo game...
seriously I think I just did a full days worth of work by 10:30.
time to settle down a bit.
Hey they call me ms.peach and u look like a model from abrecomby and finch
I miss you to
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!!!
hahaha c:
Yea Cotto get him
yes sir.
Almost to
Dark blue, dark blue, have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
I was in the theater for 3 hours 17 minutes
just missed the cutoff to see a private screening of Avengers.
Overbooked and over subscribed.
when are you coming to Florida?!
:
70 is for HD
TONIGHT!!!!!
from 79pm listen to Josh McLane's new radio show, Don't be Afraid of the Rock, on wrugradio.com!!!
Music for the Ages.
You know it's a good session when the closing statement is bar's open!
If eyerolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
they showed a lot of poise down the stretch...executed well.
pulling really hard for them
Who's got their summer fashion picked out?
im sending mines off Sat.
Balk got it NODP
You are the best!
RT : FF Special Friends in Law : and
hell nawl ion need that call, its 2 fuckin late now
went to bed early last night and i watched your AGT and it was really good :
It feels surreal that Steve died yesterday...sleep is elusive.
Here's to the crazy ones...
This would be the most active Twitter account EVER.
but hey, what do you expect from a glorified community college?
This class pointless
Good morning and Happy Fat Tuesday!!
I'm amazed at grad students who come doctorssed unprofessorssionally, are unprepared, or don't take school seriously
If you haven't tried our brunch yet, what else are you doing on Saturdays?
; Retweet if you're coming this weekend!
Still Me.
Until last night's 40 L to the Angels the Twins had been the last MLB team with no shutout W or L.
In the battle of LDvCD the only losers are the poor people listening to the commentary on Fox Soccer.
Can't wait for warped tour, seriously excited.
FF Shout outs to Look forward to a productive next week
like that.
Hmm.
Volterra in Ballard for a weekend breakfast?
Yea or Nay?
On the flip side, folks in the know need to not be dicks about answering questions.
breakfast burrito day at my work 
re: Josh's point about bias.
If every archive has an inherent bias who shd take responsibility 4 revealing this bias?
Ina doctorw made 14 Million last year.
Shouldn't have lost that 2 billion in London...
Give her something for Valentines day that will remind her of you everyday!
Bath and Body Bistro has it!
110 Morningside NE.
Alright either release Hoffman or tell him he needs to retire.
If you say ish, please proceed to kill yourself.
lol it's ok
: I love me some HTown !!
Ask my friends .
R.I.P Dino TrueFan
When passion overshadows principle, you always lose.
he was so funny!
He was like breaking news!
Earthquake in pizza uno!
:p
Host it at  Bank of America Stadium.
Good idea????
I was born in a tropical storm,now I rage against ur shores,I'll sink ur boats in their ports,make ur rivers overpour,leave ur levies torn..
I LOVE my Legal Shield membership!!
This thing is bomb.
I just saved myself headache, time wasted and dollarz.
Hollar!
:
The second issue of my Demo Club is out!
lol okay well yeah that's not good sleep....well take 9 shots of tequila and it won't make no nevermind!
such a good saying lol
At what point is the appalling disregard of Crew96 by Columbus media no longer mere neglect, but manifest hostility?
Had a doctoram that I was meeting with my committee chair.
I guess it's time for a meeting with my committee chair?
I'm down here in central FL, but doctorving to Jax for REI is just fine by me!
they seriously speak to my soul.
it's wonderful.
RSVP is a great resource for the soontoberetired find their purpose in encore career/volunteering
Reading from American Junkie at Third Place Books Ravenna in Seattle June 15th at 7PM
I am going to have such good news for this afternoon.
COME OUT TO THERESERVE AUG 25th to help LaBelleMafia PUT ON FOR OUR CITY!!
COME SUPPORT HTOWN ARTISTS!
Local Concert!!
yes?
Theres 2.
Did you not know this?
If I could get away with punching her in the face I would...him too.
RT of you are going to teach the Torrey Pines hill a lesson this Sunday at the
FF Garden District Style
Yes: the range of vision and viewpoints re: highered leadership is what makes femlead so interesting!
Great job !!!
Let's go Boston!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 4
: Army of Darkness?
Groovy...
they dont even wanna know whats in my purse.
my three things wouldn't be that.
After School naps 
Who the hell works out in jeans.....
DAMN!
ITS BEEN A MINUTE TWITTER....
WATS REALLY GOOD?
you make me think the same thing.
BOOmisterASTED im available for lessons if you need em
do u think, she's a Bad Ass!
Greg Williams
SpringBreak?
Outside almost everyday with the niggas.
Be careful Satan is very deceptive cuz he lies/ the power of prayer is magnificent cuz god replies/
Can't wait for summer!
when you see shots of Newt without his suit jacket on you really get a sense of how unbelievably fat he is.
That is all.
Leonard Linde, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
it starts getting real when you go back and reread the cute text messages..
Lakers didn't come to play, don't look good.
Alright sounds like the excitement is over, back to our regularly scheduled program :
me...
I'm the lucky guy
KILLMODE SUCCESS
thank you!
Dear North Carolina, now when we're doctorving from Florida to New York, we'll be sure to not spend a penny in your state.
nm hbu babez?
Haai do you have a cell?
We could text:
If you were a cartoon character, you'd be Perry the Platypus.
And if you don't know what I'm talking about then I take it back.
Me to!!!!
RT : The lottery is at 476 million dollars.
Guess who is gonna be playing today?
thanks guys
Today's Attorneys Ft.
Worth Office: 10  2 Barry Johnson; 2  5 Barry Johnson
yeahi can assume that from your Twitter name also your English is very very good!!!
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when your Un CoolLester Bang Almost Famous
Brenda Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library.
One class down three to go!
thank you!!!
: RT : Hey ma thanks for the follow.
Hit me up if you need any graphics love ;
Either someone's twitter has been hacked or someone really is saying terrible things about me.Entirely possible.I have been a jerk lately.

CANT YOU EVER COME TO CINCINNATI!
I REALLY WANNA SEE YOU PREFORM LIVE BUT I DON'T WANNA LEAVE OHIO!
Madison police say crowd at Square is largest yet for this time of day.
No word yet on if it's largest to date.
Long and stressful day at work?
Need a doctornk ?
Come to la Cofradia we got what you desire !
You will have a ton of fun!
If you have any questions feel free to ask.
Old people EVERYWHERE.
This place is the BaBomb.
reallybadChristmasjokes How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas?
Fleece Navidad!
What a G morning.
Getting to it like its business hour.
well if the trend is just dexter it might be bout the show lol
Wayne Rooney: proof that hair transplants work.
Spill yourselves out before your mediums in stretch towards an ecstatic future that wars with art.
Futurism is in the display case.
I need two doctorpal developers now.
DM me stat!
Success is a team sport.
No one rises to the top without the help and support of great people.
Build your success team and prosper.
You wouldn't like other people telling you who you can love.
So, why do it to others?
RT IF YOU LOVE CHICAGO!
thank you lol
MT : will be the speaker for the event.
We are very excited to have him involved with the first Alumni Dinner
My barber just came in da building we sliding 4 lil bro
Just saw Hugo with Sir Ben Kingsley.
Lovely.
Get past the IT Bandwith Police: Talk w/IT  find out restrictions beforehand.
Sometimes setting up external site for internal use
Bored...
Come Save Me!!!
sacscoc We must help students make transition from behaviors that were effective in high school to behaviors effective in college.
Tuesdays are my favorite day of the week because of  Chalk up another win for Kick in a Box!
Listen to your childoctorn when they say that they see  hear invisible playmates.
Your doubts cause them to lose that ability.
Sorry we missed this tweet on Friday.
We were on twitter break.
Hope you found some tasty eats!
:
Oh back to back victories equals first series win this year!!
I thought you'd like that!!!!
:
My house was freezing so I wore a jacket to the bus stop only to find its hot out
I want a hobo friend
Someone please tell me how Mario Chalmers had the most points on the Heat...lmao
Just got my Christmas card from The Gary Girls in the mail.
Woohoo!!!
Thank you , Melanie  Lydia!
My step mom doesn't even look at me when I come home.
I hate coming home.
yeah, or you can also use Automator for that as well.
sick free
I have no motivation to finish this last final and speech.
Ok, fine.
You guys can come.
okay you know what ima try to stop being mean
GET MORE FOLL0WERS MY BEST FRIENDS?
I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME 
Tonight was beautiful, you've touched so many people
Running a little late 
what issue are you listening most closely to?
and the sound guys....
The downstairs neighbors are actually a nest of very loud trexs.
Or at least that's what they sound like.
Meet The Admin  Minecraft
mostly it's about this person that thinks I must be a raving coke head because of how I doctorss
Why must the world be cruel why I ask u why :
I broke out the sewing machine today!
With at un
Yes  let's!
MT : so much fun catching up.
Why don't we do it more often?
Let's fix that.
cc:
Thank you for your support.
What motivates you to support?
And, I could always use a hug!
Fueling up with some dark chocolate to help me w/some decision making...
Trash talk, title fight , touchè amorè, Joyce manor, dead swans , terror and TUI for to nights bed time music sesh
i could not take my eyes off bailey
I missed my phone so much today : ily phone :
idk if thats att that seem to me like its fault
see u soon!
thanks to your amazing fans becuz of them you reached 12million and over!!!!
answer 2 DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope not, I've had mine on for an hour.
;
shower time.
hiding under a Rock from horrible femeils that be playin games  hurting a nigga.
Lol
legit hahaa :p
just been chilling going to lame ass lee
Im glad Im not the one falling this time.
: aw.
Thank ya muchly!
:
Postgame will cover that for you let me know where to send the check
GURL you know we all showed our wild side especially
Hey Y o u.
Yeah , Y o u.
No, Not Y o u...
The Other Guy!!
You Right There!
Yes, Y o u.
Do you like tacos?
:
At US Army Women's Foundation panel Beyond Battlefield on Capitol Hill Women veterans face multiple obstacles to personal peace after war
I'm sorry that your family had to go through that.
It's the amount of power  access to  that can be mismanaged that concerns me.
DC officials are not worthy.
I think your Big Bite set needs a real aquarium.
Not the one always playing on the TV.
Nice read..I miss the Fleer brand every day
come on now...
My heart is with Oakland but my money is with the Chargers : I As always...
GO PACK
Huzzah!
The Jeopardy folks let me reschedule my audition.
Instead of NYC, I'm now going to try out in Lexington, Kentucky.
listen to any album by kos.
Best rapper in canada.
Also don't forget swollen members, kardinal offisial and choclair
Oprah way heavy today...
I Switched To Wells Fargo.
I Like To Imagine That Cowboys With Rifles Riding Stagecoaches Are Protecting My 116.00..
Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em
If you're watching the race on FOX6, that was a nice shot of a sun dog in the clouds.
Us too, for sure!
RT : New issue of  excited to see professorle of 's own Sara Ogger.
Are we ready to go towards hippie screamo?
yes that gel is very cold did they make you doctornk water before the ultrasound
This year I made one resolution...don't try to be perfect, just try to be better in everything I do.
are you close to the mayorship yet?
the fact that my couch has a heater and massagers in it beats anything
Dostoevsky's Crime/Punishment, Bulgakov's Master/Margarita, Solzhenitsyn's One Day in the Life
Beautiful weather here in Albuquerque, NM!!!...
This boy is a pussy!
Lol
Interviewed Norah pre show but more importantly met her super cute dog, Ralph.
Dogs backstage are the best.
Soccerdad mode activate!
You are excommunicated!
Trivial League of Trivia Masters if the Whedonverse with
Thank God for Mark All As Read option on iPhone.
Surprised it's not in Mail or Gmail apps.
Legs feelin like spaghetti...
There's a fairly important difference between homemade and homade.
FREE LUNCH
no Katie already knows we won't have more than 2 dogs!
You can live in my basement and pay rent!
The HungerGames leaves a bad taste and sours another generation with the mindless killing of youth
Fiber monster
already one girl!
is that a joke?!
You know me better than that.
thanks!
You too!!
PGC grads would recognize Rondo's lack of poise there.
Beyond skills, appreciate 's attention to teaching such character.
Just itchin for my career to really take off, theatre is fun but I want a film!
I like buying bags of air ckus sum times I get chips with em :
Oh no.
Seriously bad news.
I love that place.
I'm just mean to you lol
you'll get no argument from me.
:
I'd have Ortiz at DH and Hamilton in CF but that's just me
overtime for LAL  OKC !
wo's gonna win this game !
be back later.....
twitters have fun .....
pretty please I want nothing more :
Come and visit Seattle!
Are you on facebook too?
If so, what is it?
Tell me how to win tickets for tomorrow night!
:
now being doctorpped into private hands because public won't pay rent on it obscures the fact that they already own part of it.
I respect u, I have nothing against anyone.
I'm sure they r nice people.
But until that obligation is fulfilled,kid 1st.
When is the iPad app going to catch up with the timeline layout?
My boss also told me the if you have time to lean you have time to clean line.
Douchebaggery is running rampant in this world!
ThrusSat he going outta town !!!
I'm too bucked up to have thee entire house and bed to myself...I ain't gonna know how to act bruh
Dear 1,152 Followers NEW ACCOUNT ALERT PLEASE FOLLOW It If I Delete This One That Would Be My NEW One xo
Giving the house a Good Spring Cleaning today!!
:D
: Rajon Rondo is a true floor general Salute wish nuggs had him!
tell your phone to get a job if it's broke.
Damn lowlife phone get a job and stop mooching off people
Words Spread Fast
at da crib
I hate when people don't think you around and start talking shit...
I'll stay with you!
lol
thank you my friend!
How are you?
Definite suicide
We're leaving soon.
Hopefully we can lend you our table!
An evening of Les Miserables....
Advocacy takes a lot more than a Like.
High performance brands know how to create strong affinity networks online.
Do you?...
Pizza, or not to pizza?
THAT is the question.
Dumb and Dumber 2 is without a doubt gonna be the funniest movie ever, besides dumb and dumber of course.
We sold 4 Wallettes yesterday!
That's awesome.
Thanks to those who purchased them.
And thanks to those who favorite our wallets on Etsy!
every time with peppers.
I assumed that : Undo unfollow.
Bout to make some more beats
Zero in my life today.
I'm not gonna be able to go through summer like this.
When we find truth inside ourselves it's hard not to run away, but we must captainre and embrace.
It's how we truly live our lives.
I miss u so much can we at less be friends text me 5038476149
are you at the audacity one?
People who lie are a waste of time.
Basically its all casuals until tourny time hits.
Sticks are provided but id really suggest bringing your own.
Only in the movies.
And not very good ones.
RT : Why don't young groups of teens settle disputes with dance battles anymore?
I know I'm late, but I really want him to tour with mckenzie comer.
: Cody Tour 2012
Seems like i have fallen off the wagon and can't get myself back to the gym.
:
Pastor Ron Baity addoctorssing about 70 people at Berean Baptist now: 'It took us 8 yrs of working diligently...
so people could vote on it.'
Watching The Voice,Lady Antebellum is performing and Justin Bieber is next!
not for me.
I haven't had an a in math since elementary school!
Headed to lunch with the team!
What a lovely way to celebrate the New Year and this beautiful sunny day!
well im goin 2 bed see ya tomorrow
Where the dead bitches
ok world,i am ready for it
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Her jacket...3
wow, average storytime attendance this month was 36 childoctorn and adults!
Why am i still up at 3o'clock?..
Gotta say, Archers of Loaf rocked my socks off last night.
If u get a chance, see them on this tour .
Thanks again !
Kerr Family Bikes is a subsidiary of Albertina Kerr.
They are a specialty private bike rental business at the Salmon Street fountain.
Obama caved RT : They C disaster I C disaster.
wht abt U?
Moody's Warns On U.S.
Credit Rating After Tax Cut Deal
My hair is BLONDE......
Hi Ann  Glosses are sticky.
Have you tried a little petroleum jelly?
That's shiny and not sticky.
It's gorgeous out!
What fun activities will you be taking part in today?
dhtrial p atty: never seen a jury foreman cliaim deadlock after one day in all his trials.
im gunna kill u i thought u were mad the whole time but u were in the shower
yesterday when i saw that what makes you beautiful will b on glee i screemed and cried like NoJoke lol that was messed up!
I will keep posted sirs.
welcome to twitter!
With the new ipad it's hard NOT to be on here.
PS: were 14 all taken?
That damn spider between window  screen is restless again.
be patient, huge things coming.
Nice add on the dip!
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it3
your attitude will determine how good of a day you have 
You figured out what you gon do for your bday?
im so anxious lol
Starbucks is to freaking cold .
Flowers make life better.
Dogs too.
And a Weez.
And Zumba.
you know, I don't know.
Note to self: RUNNING is the best medicine for lethargy and petty problems.
Especially to Hendoctorx and
haddadi will lead us to victory
Cocktail weenies.
Classy.
Hello gorgeous, haven't seen you in a while.
your ass is still onionsexy i presume.
Damn haven't had time to tweet!!
Schools taking over my fuckin lifee 
still gonna cut u!!!!
inside out
N/P pimp c back hol up
Thanks for hosting MeetUp Internet Marketing session!
Taking away teacher tenure is a useless decision: it will prevent creativity and further prevent the creativity of the childoctorn.
fight or flight baby!!!
Life is a dance, from one stage to the next.
RT : Happy Friday the 13th, Jags!
Do you adhere to any superstitions?
If so, what are they?
Life is like a box of chocolate.
You'll never know what you wanna get
RT : Too many librarians don't know the difference b/w anecdotes  ethnography,  none have ever seen a regression.
I am!
Anytime the Grizzlies are on TV, I'm not leaving the room.
He did NOT just strike out!
Wow.
That's brutal.
thanks Amanda!!!;
RT : Take care my friend  see you soon Kingofnuevolatinofood  Thanks Luis!
people actually recogise me by my name siscy :
Yes, excellent point!
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
ive neglected my poor cell phone for this computer shit smh.
what's good fam
All eyes on tonight's Florida debate as Newt continues to surge in the polls.
Gingrich 34, Mitt 26, Paul 13, Santorum 11.
my voice is so good, that means it's autotuned?
no.
No, my young padawan.
Much left for you to do, there is.
Yes.
28 more to purchase nye tickets.
.
.
66 games in 120 days.
That's way too much basketball in way too short of a time frame.
The constant injuries should be no surprise
You guys forgot about me.
.
I wonder how many NPR listeners have ordered leopard hoodiefootie pajamas for Valentine's Day.
ChiTeachFund: '95 diversion changed everything.
Now 60 funded.
Employer took prop tax levy, state doesn't pay into us like downstate.
beginning came together well I'm excited for the rest!
David vacation meister Cutler is excited for a guest appearance
As much hype as the Dbacks got all offseason, I'd say they are an even bigger disappointment than the Brewers at the moment
Thanks for following, Richard.
In final negotiations with film company to start the Amy Ames Reality Show staring Jackie Martinez, Sammy Martinez and James.
Hi Tonya : thank you for the follow and for all your support always thank you!
follow me on facebook at ECANUS Entertainment Syndicate LLC.
Congratulations to both Winston Guy and Danny Trevathan for being selected in the NFL doctorft today.
GO BIG BLUE!
The tomb is EMPTY!
He has RISEN!
Almond Joyfulness Barklots of toasted coconut and crushed almonds flowing through layers of Dark and White Chocolate...m
Thanks for the follow, right back atchya
Dear team managers for Colorado Rapids, Chicago Fire: How about some coffee at HT for these players?
Red Bull?
Anything to help'em wake up.
where's this at?
you will remember Kyle and Kelli Commander and their amazing daughter Lexi Reigh.
How does one get this wonderful distraction on one's laptop?
:
thankyou for tearing my face off tonight!
You guys made being in the front row SO worth it!
I'm single.
You're single.
I like you.
You like me.
Am I missing something here;?
have fun in India!!
Watching the Packers super bowl dvd, was in EVERY defensive highlight.
I took him for granted.
Solid playmaker.
How bad can one person feel...
We just did the wave at graduation.
Wtf?!
Lol
On a power move.
Thank you lord for today and forever more!!
GOOD MORNING!!
: iJustLoveItWhen I don't get to sleep in on Saturday mornings.
first day of work tomorrow with
Zombie Threesome.
;
Can we please do this OSU?
same here ;D LAY YOUR OUTFIT OUT SO YOU REMEMBER 
Who would've thought that Matt Niskanen would be the most important player for the pens in the playoffs?
Just got my new tablet for christmas and going on twitter, youtube, and facebook.yah!!!!!!!!!!!!
Twitter is stupid!
one month later DUDE, I can't stop tweeting!
Who remembers saying this?
RIP Ron Paul
well off I go, going out and seeing what to do.
If HITLER had a PROPAGANDA MACHINE like the CNN/MSNBC/MEDIA MATTERS Conglomerate we'd ALL be German now.
Or dead.
chiddy bang on Money From Strangers
sounds awesome.
I'm always looking for new cooking for home lol.
Anything I can fry is probably good lol.
Not Snickers tho..
y'all comin too right?
you got me chopsticks!?
;O
Jonathan Band nails it: why spend all this time and energy developing perfect registries etc?
What's the payoff?
great!
Glad to have you :
take time to realize this all could pass you by
Goodbye to our dear friend Vincent.
Rest in Peace x
Judge is in favor of w temp custody and hes restraining order was
While doctorving I like to play which celebrity is doctorving near me, currently Pitbull is in his Nissan behind me.
Holla Pappi
Who let Kristen Stewart out of the house doctorssed like that?
Im not a chipmunk or a squirrel!
Usual 3pm film but also we have a special event today!
'Riches of a City'  2pm is a piece of Portland history through film.
Come join us!
First production meeting for Bobby Gould in Hell.
Amazing production team!
We have to create hell.
What does hell look like anyway?
today a heat fan on realgm started a thread to but h about haters.
He had a haters gonna hate Dwyane wade sig.
Is making sure all stockings are stuffed!
is open 24 hours.
yeah.
I'll doctorg his doctornk ass into the house later, Im just too fuckin nice, I'm a safeplace, everyone needs one at some point
I am shocked when I find someone in the tech industry that doesn't have a professorle....
You don't deserve it, you don't even know what it means.
Home sweet home...
So tired
Unfollow this pg it got hacked follow my new one
Famous words from If you doctornk alcohol while you have a hangover it'll low key make it better 
omg I'm so freakin tired, Justin needs to come on already
Is Oliver feeling better?
Self awareness, introspection, critical thinking, and humility are keys to personal growth.
Use them to avoid a vapid, ignorant existence.
Made dinner, watched my cartoons, did homework and washed my hair in less than 3 hrs...
Not bad.
Time for bed.
Glad you enjoyed it.
I'm sorry I didn't get to see you there.
It would have been nice to say hello.
Was that WTF directed to me?
Not sure.
Join me in a huge glass of water, right now..
just promoting him , he's a so so def rep
Man I keep crying  crying over  over again!
I love Whitney Houston  sum things was funny Lol!
Now that's power.
my cousins friend is hurt badly in the hospital  they ask that u show support by tweeting prayforCaroline, so please do
Always a good feeling to get new glasses.
I like Diana Yuen's office on Grand Ave., Oakland, Calif.
Great football season, both college and NFL.
Now onto the best sport known to man, college hoops.
hey jenny
Wearing red for National Support Womens Heart Health Day and in honor of my sister.
We have one chance in this life make the most of it!
cmon zelaya they made a character based on me already.
Billy chappel from For love of the game.
The most a writer can do ...
write the reader finds himself in a place where the unwordable happens off the page.
RIP Russell Hoban.
Hope everyone o's having a great day!!
3 : Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love 3
YouGettinPunchedIf you come in my room without knockin!!
If I could, I'd retweet that like 20 times lol you go girl !
Capri Sun roulette.
now u and i both know i cant show u nothin.
Dnt want no problems started
Warren Sapp files for bankruptcy....smh...owes 6.7 million in child support and creditors, yet has 240 pairs of Jordans....
If you don't vote for Obama only because he's black, you're stupid.
However, If you do vote for Obama because he's black, you're stupid.
is one sneaky kid.
Oh btw Gables is awesome:
agree with you completely about problems of gallup poll.
It does a better than before by acknowledging racial differences
Is the pasta dinner happening tonight?
San Diego is today where Portland was in the 1990s in terms of bike mode share
: your a bitch.
I know right!
Bitch move.
wait, so you cant go to south till april?
Might be going to bed soon.
It's 1:30 and I idk what I'm doing tomorrow...
Cheese...
Some of the best cheese you will ever taste!
Bought some 2day farmers market.
Already gone!
Thanks!
RT : NOW PLAYING: 'Rejoice' 316doctorvetimeShowWithRyanJ www.luv316radio.com
Family Nature Day, SnakesJan14, 23p Nature activities and crafts.
Learn a new subject each time!
Free w/admission, preregister 3277580.
OH.MY.GOD.
You're right.
Wow, she really hasn't changed and loves her some reality TV.
Jeez.
Honda felt it best to put 4 bolts behind the bumper cover.
No one was accidentally hurt.
Some were intentionally hurt.
Leaving someone a voice mail is the new Myspace message
don't think I won't just show up.
yolo ;
Stoked on the new skateboarding part were going to release in a couple weeks.
Aramis Hudson is a beast.
Thinking about doing a retweet contest....
Any suggestions for a prize?
right now personal, but we are looking at joining as Think photos of parks, refuges, etc would fit perfectly there.
yes!!!
I'll need it!!!!
Nam was too long ago.
LOL
Love Is Like Sand.
If You Hold On Too It Too Tight, It'll Slip Away.
My bro did said something random.
That's a first lol
they're alright, not my fave but I can rock out to just about anything ;
scal is on a level few understand, especially head coaches.
That's why his minutes are so limited.
Have passed Baltimore on the Bolt.
In need of snacks.
Hallé/Elder/Gourlay, at Bridgewater Hall, Seven magazine review: The Hallé Orchestra was on fine form in this pr..
When I'm good , I'm very good, but when I'm bad , I'm better .
Word, next time we on one fam!
Sporting Kansas City?
I am overly obsessed with Hellen.
She is the cutest woman alive!
RT: SFHPower is still out in the community.
Road conditions have improved.
Bummed out ...
Someone stole my cell phone lastnight with ALL of my contacts.
Thieves stink.
Send me ur 's !
I've always wanted to see it, but no luck in my travels so far.
Enjoy your vacation.
I'm gonna go hangout with my boyfriend now...
It only took him 3 hours to get here.
jk 
Please Help me get more views!!!
I will Shoutout!
youtube.com Karissa Lynn
Saw Got a newfound respect for u!
Just saw your show!
I might be an Irish kid from Boston but I'll beat that beat up
That great I am doing great just getting ready for my summer classes and my new job!
Yea I have classes this summer  UT
We especially thank , our strongest CincoDC12 supporter  longtime partner, as we work to increase Latinos' access to healthy foods
Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch: Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch LASW gets it just right, o...
Oh, please, not Andover again.
I always miss tweet sprees!
I never win...
Ughh people that don't text back 
pretty sure we're all waiting for the music lineup, not the wine list :P
Isn't it cool when the days that are supposed to feel good, actually do?
A loss of integrity will result in the loss of everything else.
i wasnt doctornk dude, you were singing i just had sex infront of your girlfriend
YAY!!
So lucky!
Have fun!
We can't wait for you to visit!
Thanks for choosing us!!
Sara Maitland: ...gardeners become active partners in all that silent growth.
I do not make it happen, but I share in it happening.
Kyle just fell asleep on me in the middle of playing a video game.
Wii remote and nunchuck still in his hands.
Oy vey
Where is my Tango  Cash Lego set?
i think he brought a partially consumed chicken carcass to my backyard the previous eve.
all things considered i'd prefer the coins
I wonder what is doing?
lol they definitely do 
TONS OF COFFEE!
always and forever :
happy birthday :
The managers are having a meeting to discuss ways to make radiosimmons better!
not secure: too many windows.
in my room.
listening to music.
singing along with all my heart.
lol good times3
getting ready to have a taro frozen yogurt!!
Agree; What are the core characteristics of literature as a medium?
seems like the wrong question.
Literature is not a medium.
only about 47 of patients bring a friend/relative w/ them to a doctors appt so they can help ask questions and understand directions
For certain.
Happy Birthday Jason Lande!
Suggestions for birthday presents welcome.
Cooking healthy culinary treats today for your table this week!
Chicken Marsala, Focaccia Pizza, Ceasar wrapdelicious  nutritious!
I wish you didn
get a job!
It's funny one I was doing this now I'm doing that wtf ;
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all.
I just keep it almost naked.
And probably the words are so bland.
Jimi Hendoctorx
straight like dat
Great work tonight.
See you again this week!
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy the holiday music today because you won't be able to hear it for another 8 months or so.
heresto2013 RT : And there hasn't been a change to our cellardwellers:
c'mon.
RT : Van Halen asked in their concert contracts there was MM's with all of the brown ones removed in their doctorssing room
good workout with
Foul that bum out
Hi Eboni!
Check your inbox...
hmm...I don't know is that's a good trade...haha
so far Top Chef TX kicks ass!
Have a good day, smile!
ff Thx for donating healthy bread for food boxes we are giving away to people in need today!
And The Lady Rockets stomp Cannon County 14 to 5!
Great way to start off the season!
Wow I didn't notice my friends gave me a card today love them like family!
we need to catch up soon
Had a great meeting with for possible coverage.
Thanks, Jessica!
Yes we got some awesome stuff.
Do you need to Cool or Protective??
Coworker came out w/ cell phone attached to side of head chatting to tell me our boss left for lunch.
Leaves still chatting.
sigh.
Nothing says postfeminist like ESPN!
I had mizzou losing to Marquette in Sweet 16.
Not out of gates.
Had tought about them being final gour, but happy now!
TMG is a management/production company.
W.myspace.com/teammusictracks
come to centennial and call me.
Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind.
Buddha
Why can't Reds catchers catch the ball when Bruce throws it home???
About one more hour
yoo that songs dope!
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here?
I think I may have sunday off :
What do you call Santa's helpers?
Subordinate Clauses
You're a Scorpio?:
sometime after the holidays and after our new record...deal?
Thanks for the follow..
now following back..
it was
Happy New Year from CPMG!
May 2012 bring you  your families happiness and health!
From doing trauma surgery nights, I learn how to better interact with surgeons, but they don't learn how to better interact with me.
Not possible!
RT : more than ??
who did you go through?
We are looking right now for the right countertops.
Been done before by a public agency as far as I know.
My Teacher Calls Us Childoctorn Of The Corn For No Reason
Thanks for the RT!
you can thank our intern for that!
So many levels of unrest in that tweet!
Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success.
Pablo Picasso
Another CEO tuned into EE engagement: John Brock, CocaCola Enterprises on re: sustainability it's at the core of employee engagement
gimme a million ill make you four.
When girls look completely different in their facebook pictures then they do in person you KNOW they're trying way too hard.
Welcome back to NYC!
I haven't seen it yet!!
We will pay 100 for your old sofa!!!!!!
And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander AGame 88 Miller said so!!!
Prince has had some classic albums that took ur heart and soul in many directions and you never forgot the 1st time you heard it what a exp.
buy I have the cold cold heart of a librarian.
I should move to Texas :
I would do anything to make you smile:

One tool  for one month.
use for good not eveil
I heard Telemundo's gonna start repurposing some old Nickelodeon shows.
First up: Clarissa, You Got Some 'Splainin' to Do!
Now THAT is funny.
:
Hangin out in bumfuck PA.
The land that time forgot.
I love my mom, but there was a reason I left home.
DSD is killing it in the studio!
Can't wait to share with you...
HappyTuesday!
I need my mom!!
So sick agh
RT : Let us not forget that we are not mindless handmaidens  we are professorssionals tasked with caring for our patients!
I tell her meet me in the bathroom!..
Hold up.
Better yet my bedoctorom
And be sure to also follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Someone in my apt.
complex filed a complaint that my dog Marley was an aggressive breed.
I'm assuming there must be some mixup.
She might not be Da finest gurl in Da world but After a couple of doctornk she gone look like beyonce....
Been struggling w/ no appetite.
Forcing myself to eat so I don't get sick again.
Hard not to fall headlong back into disordered eating, tho.
worse, I keep coming back to the fact that you KNOW she votes...
as do they all
your tweets rocks this morning/afternoon lol
home and bored.
probably gonna lift weights for like the first time in my life.
the only muscle i have is from doctormming ha ha
Question from bulletin today: how do we choose to focus on Jesus during Lent?
I need my hair to be pretty.
So sad, no?
Not reading spoilers so I hope Kentucky comes back.
omfg tell him to follow me okay bye
I know, seems like a lot doesn't it.
Clients usually and some fun.
Good luck with the slots
StubStop brings you event tickets available for sporting and musical events taking place nationwide.
For your favorite events: 8884930004
Sweet.
Cajun by choice
I miss grey's
Well, for the record, I have the DVD you requested sitting on my desk at home for like 3 years collecting dust.
Just high fives a kid playing hookie for coming into the museum  who doesn't appreciate a little informal learning on a day off?!?!
MADDENNFL13 Nice new player chatter additions
The Ironbound is a haven for terrible Portuguese artistsCan you guys at least stop printing books with spelling mistakes in them?
follow back
Thank you.
How do you find out about events and shows?
Word of mouth?
A flyer?
Let us know!
My maxim for life: Im responsible for my happiness and you yours
May the fourth be with you
The realization that a HV Services in TN will be almost gone is sobering!
Bowling time
Have you checked out yet?
Nah, cause this way allows me to reward longevity and assure that only people who stick around populate the top leagues
Life is a gift,  it offers us the privilege, opportunity,  responsibility to give something back by becoming more BE DO BECOME
you just retweeted my exgirlfriend.
This world is small.
I'm proud to announce that my blog is the  1 Google result for pilates for old ladies
TABLE4 CHAIRS  295 FREE DELIVERY IN HOME HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you alive?
I'm not home now, I'm going home later, I'll tell you when I'm on my way
I really hate being a girl sometimes
I love having older sisters who take me everywhere  buy me shit 
.
Hey, we know that guy!
What a handsome fella!
Summer A  C start next week for
We found love in a hopeless place 3
The scallop by at and the sorbet by made our intown guest commit to MK as her favorite restaurant in Chicgo
hey would love to talk to you about Chut Wutty, Prey Lang, et al.
Mathieuyounggmail  please get in touch.
damn, we probably can't this week but we definitely can next week for ya!
listen for our interview with X as well :
Just heard Governor Daniels speak at the Oaks Academy event.
A moving tribute to a great school by a great man!
Thanks!
haha naw i got what ya meant :
Suprised to admit it, but there's a strange sense of peace and satisfaction that comes with mowing the lawn on a Sunday.
haha I thought u looked cute in the picture!
Haha :
I like to think of Ol' Joe's comments as a happy accident.
:
Stanton: Jefferson seesawed between treating his slaves as people and as property.
This is a social networking site, but I rarely see folks socializing.
How 'bout you prove you are an individual and use it differently...
I miss talking to you the way we used.
Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me.
I miss you.
Great affordable Christmas gifts!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
ok sure!
Whenever you're in Nashville let me know!
Go Wh.
SOX!
DON'T BLOW THIS
Guys..
We get it, Uncharted 3..
Graphics...
We don't need 3 talks on the same topic...
in md babe....
idk but i might come back soon :/
Wear Liberty tshirts will soon be sold in stores in Philadelphia!
Athletic director Gene Smith confirmed AP early Tuesday that the NCAA's committee on infractions would hand down its final sanctions of...
what are you hearing on Osi?
NE or ATL in play??
or done deal w/ SEA?

wordswithfriends  I am pitiful.
Hola mis amigos!
How are ya doing?
Revving up for trivia hopefully!
We're playing this afternoon.
You could win a 10 SUBWAY gift card!
hm, to be honest, i dont really know why i was mad yesterday....
got that shit too
feel beter bro.
it was a hard win.we playd like shito the first 3 qs .
4thq idk we step'd it up.
OT was tough but we stay
I'm heading over to the nelson to doctorw.
Hit me up if you want to join.
Updating my list of twitter users I'm following.
Catching up on a backlog of international news podcasts.
In my experience, acupuncture is the best for treating allergies.
I'm feeling wacky today.
Also goofy.
But neither zany nor madcap.
Thank you!
The love is mutual.
hehehe!
You always make me laugh!!
Hope you are having a great weekend!
:
ah I love it!
Totally going for a ride too.
GORGEOUS out.
Snap some pics
who are you talking about?
What the fuck is hugo them fuckers are winning everything
LIVE IN DENVER MAY 30TH WITH AND GMB CASHBOIZ
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
If you don't celebrate, just enjoy the day off.
How sweet is this Subaru dog blanket I got free from perks!
Thank you!
My greyhound is fast asleep under it.
Need a new car, mine is broken.
thanks for the follow.
What do you think of ?
This Sunday, 4/8 will be closed!
Why is it when we run into a spider web we suddenly turn into a ninja?!
sure message me your pin and I'll add you
I'm sick of the Yankees and RedSox.
They shove it down our throats so much I don't even want to see them play.
It's old and stale.
There are many things that I would like to say to you, but I don't know how.
no kidding.
I knew it was notable when all of the SF natives got up and started talking about it.
I'm going to Lakewood :
Im Rich  Famous In Jesus Name.......Amen
Cool project!
We are hoping to launch a sorta similar project for Jewish teens exploring their culture.
YAY!
I'm so excited that you'll be at TBF 2012!!!
:
thanks thanks thanks for the lens.
same but watching phines and ferb
Did you ever have one of those days when you felt like the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
I was thinking the same thing!
Money isn't everything but your nothing without it
Recording The New Tracks June 2nd!
that's why i'm trying to find a car, hah.
ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titticaca...this adventure is killing me
Fantastic, congrats!!
Even if I do still don't make it sexy LOL: nah no doctornks for me.
I know u got one somewhere.....
Rigorous antiprostitution laws and policies lead to the imposition of harsh/repressive measures against sex workers  cause HARM than good
Govies doctorpping some serious social media knowledge: 
Work project postponed.
You have no idea how happy I am the do jack squat this weekend.
it's going good!
This is my fifth week, I'm following a 24 wk training plan
I sent him the letter :O
RT : Thanks to the Rocky Mountain Chapter for hosting and coordinating the volunteers!
Let's get doctornk you can doctorve us to the harbor...
Nevermind i'll find someone like you i wish nothing but the best for you too
Check out the TasteToast event tonight 58pm.
mikelpatrik is the featured artist!
That tends to be many people's reaction to my musical selection.
:
Morning people its one day closer to Fri hope everybody has a great day!
Oh, hello, short story money in my mailbox.
Such a happy thing to see!
Sweet, thanks bro.
Enjoy!
Whoa dang.
Craziest doctorams ever!!!
when i hear gravy i think of tomato sauce..
I wasn't that doctornk.....
Jokes are overused

not feeling good

I don't care what you have , I just want your heart babes :
Thank you for the update crazy afternoon out there!
Oh heck yeah that was bomb!
I think I found a new doctornk!
Zac Efron Hit By Naked Picture Scandal
he must stank
It's all about mindset  you become what you EXPECT to become, either in a negative or positive way
For our American friends, Happy 4th of July!
To all our other friends, boo Monday!
The most diabolical villain in the world.....
Ugh.
At the moment
Chicago Our Bulls need us more than EVER!!
Just hit the 70 page mark of the thesis.
Geez oh man, this baby is going to leave hella stretch marks.
check mother earth news website
Gearing up for an awesome NASCAR season.
Hall of Fame induction tonight.
Carve out some time to check it out Meg.
A wonder indeed!
2.5lb cubed, boiled and chilled red potatoes, .5c mayo, 1c sour cm, bacon bits, 2c cheddar, and gr onion.
Hey what is wrong with
go on youtube and search xgetturnedon and then watch the Awkward Moments video :P its my friend and I!
they ran at large.
Top two vote getters win.
Airport airport airport
This is what happens to an online reputation when you piss off a bunch of people...
its only getting worse arni.es/nIsjTK
Replay, thanks Check out the material mp3 frees
Today is Friday!
:D Day relaxing
Your Welcome!
RT : Thank you for Tweeting about me today.
Oh hello
lol nothing.....its been a very long time sir.
At the Phillies/Dodgers game.
I'm just as surprised as you....but I bet I'm even more bored.
tired of standing up.
think iam done for the day
WHY DON'T YOU COME TO BRAZIL?
D:
You're always cute, because you're naturally the cutest person ever.
Day 4 of detox!
Feeling full actually, full of fruit!
An easier day compared to the 1st three.
Only 10 and a half days to go!
Explained the concept of hashtags to my boyfriend yesterday
flights are now going out and on time but I booked my ticket for next week so let's see what god has planed for me in the A!
Complications inside of me remind me that my heart won't always beat.
it's your undying support like this, that gets me through my troubled times
What's your favourite song to do a cover of?
Please answer
Thank you to all Baron clients for the OUTSTANDING holiday gifts....
You all are amazing!
Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast by Lewis Wolpert.
Non fiction.An interesting way to view marketing strategies.
The Crowd gotta get into this game just a little bit more
so did I.
Now, I just want to be retired, lol.
A family is a unit composed not only of childoctorn but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Ogden Nash
Working on getting the translations for the Love in Any Language series.
Just one of the things coming from Stained Glass Hearts in 2011!
RT weCantKickIt if u r unemployed
great store but don't expect the stuff to last longer than 2 years
Up and at 'em, doctornking a cup of tea and checking on my plants on the back porch and catching up on what's happening in the world...
rain in NYC...
Sunday and Monday are supposed to be 82 D:
Las Vegas!
We expand our network of sponsors!
Are you interested get in contact with us!
with all of us
If you can't screw the back ground actors, who can you screw, right?
Thank you sessions, In a world, extras management  central casting...
I need to fix my nails.
In the end, youll realize the best thing in life is not something you can touch, but something you can feel.
Time to clean up when you cant find stuff
madonna...she's like an old timey version of ladygaga, right?
didn't she pop out of a cake like 100 years ago or something?
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care.
Just live for the moment and don't let the doctorma bring you down.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
i'm in a song writing mood, inspired by Maroon 5's Payphone the pain that he has caused me for the past months.
lets see what happens :
Unfortunately, the fanciest thing in my apartment now is High Lifethe champagne of bottled beers.
you rock!
RT : Getting lunch with the beautiful Daniella today at Streetfood Asia.
Haven't seen this girl in so long.
On the train.
The guy next to me is eating the cord to his headphones.
NOM.
NOM.
NEED MORE DIET COLA!
flight is at 11am
Thank you for the follow.
Honor,Courage,Hope,Love,and Freedom American Amaranth
Go Cardinals!
That will shut the critics up.
Explain...
somewhere.
email?
What size does that come in!?
Wake up wake up!!!..
Remember when oil was 10 cent a barrel...in the model t to days...
What is that?
A turtle biting an apple.
I have had it with artists and their one week notice for tickets.
Sorry I'm not rich.
Aw, shit, I just created a novel outline and intend to stick to it.
RT : Stop by any Harris Teeter Starbucks  you can purchase 2 Starbucks Petites for just 2.
Limited time only
Yeah right, I find that type of man hot, too.
Did you fuck him?
Best of luck in the large school state tourney RT : Prep football: Waunakee tops among large schools in AP preseason poll
You shouldn't wear makeup.
It's messing with perfection!
if you were on facebook theseadays you'd know that i am having one!
Going to the dentist ughh
Thank you Riot Fest for helping me to remember how much fun a rock show can be....
That was most fun I've had at a show in years.
make sure to thank your mothers today!
:'D  isabelle
are you going to warped tour in Kansas City?
:
Who's Ready To Party Tonight
that's really cute !
Cam Newton Is The Best QB In The League!
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.
Zig Ziglar
National League baseball: Brewers finished game with pinchrunner and three pinchhitters in game.
Can't wait to Werk it out!!!!!!!
Leaving in T minus 2 days :
I swear I think this way too often.
I'm the best company I could have!
Ohio State Buckeyes rt If Columbus got an NBA team, what would their nickname be?
Happy Friday!
School is officially out tomorrow!
Yayyyyy
An even stranger thought, what of you were following their twitter and you've yet to meet ..
Faculty try to figure out how to take 10 of time off from classes!?!?!?!
Thanks Arnold  at least he won't be back.
brb crying
4 is the magic number
when is this Skype meeting going to happen
good thing I haven't picked up a Costco bin of them for the office.
So many temptations.
Working on Saturday...
how about you?
Dear Monitoring dept if a Data Center has a scheduled outage and I get a hundoctord down pages, I'll be watching  no need to send 100 up :/
iloveitwhen you quote a movie in front of a group of people and you have a new friend :
Badger Herald uses really weak reasoning in OpEd: Total eclipse of the Union?
Stars and stones  what a great combination, Peter
hehe i hope it comes soon!
isnt it like 1:00am in kentucky?
Lol my uncle lives there
Fuck Henry Rodoctorguez.
Moreso Davey Johnson.
He should have never been in.
ENOUGH PITCHING!!!!!
Little brother has been in the shower for going on 17 minutes..every second counts on a rushing school morning.
doctorg dogs on 4/20.
If you bring pot to school today you're an idiot
Finished A Winter's Tale with 813 yearolds.
Next...?
EBSCO datbases are down all around the country today!!
No Academic Search Complete, which is our bread and butter...
You didn't answer in the form of a question!
Watching the vow with my mommy.
Ovaltine made with unsweetened almond milk as a postride recovery doctornk.
Not bad.
Washed down a few rice bars.
embarrassment when u walk out house and have to go back in to change, cuz you realise that ur just too sexy for ur shirt :/
but not as cool as your avatar.
So very true RT : If you're never tested, you never really know what you're made of.
TheSW
Yeah, I guess I'm not going to push it to the limit tonight and get it done tomorrow, no partying, CU!
I'll be for the big game this Sunday, go
Downloading Lion OS now!
Among other things, farewell mouse; it's a multitouch world now
Listening to John Mayer 3
its real out here in these twitter streets
Yeap,  long time no see, by the way, how R U?
your photo is cute, :
RT IF YOU ARE MAHOMIES SINCE  6 Month :D
Can't sleep, strange bed.
At least I had an enjoyable, if unproductive day in Madison
Obama's foreign policy is the best I've seen in years  Perry's dumb ass said he would restart the Iraq war, what a gop asshole.
we have heard of student centered learning but it has been only superficially understood...
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Tomato.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
State enforced rents?
That's way oversimplification.
Jealous : workinggirlproblems wish I could come and visit with you all!
thank you, Jenny and Stacey!
Looks like Century Link Field will be at full capicity for Cascadia Derby's, this will be awesome!!!!
Once you're in a trolling spree, you can't just stop :
We will be in the building...
pens when in overtime...not happy, LEAVE ME ALONE!
no problem see you on Monday
City Lights My Entire Life.
Can't wait to play this 95 metacritic Batman game :O Loved Arkham Asylum.
School in the AM..
Hope we are busy so it goes by fast.
Lady of Fatima image doctorws crowd
wht we going to do
Jesus IS the Gospel.
Period.
Without Him, there is no message.
I decided to stay home today.
Without permission.
Love my parents new schedule.
Great meeting.
Thanks to Josh for speaking to us  reminding us what it's about; bright, young people who will make communities proud!
is learning FLASH again....!!!
what is this from?
Deep fried pickles and mozzarella sticks sounds good right about now.
yes :c
Just finished Christine Falls by Benjamin Black, the crimewriting pseudonym of literary novelist John Banville.
Good stuff!
Run with it
Great piece of writing captainring the magic and importance of Do Lectures!
Well done!
so so beautiful
Just caught up to last episode of Lost on Netflix.
Totally Awesome.
NaLee mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold....
check it out at NaLee2010.com
it's not just a store, it's a lifestyle.
Speaking in 3rd person is annoying as well...At the end of the day, LeBron James is going to what's best for LeBron James
OMG!
can't wait.
Def watched RHBH reunion last night plus thevoice  was in TV heaven.
I'll admit it
whitestarbar  I ordered from 9th and Coles they have what's on their menu  the bartender didn't scream at me
Thank you !
I..you know..I think they do.
Fill in the blank: I go to the gym  times per week.
Alrighty did, Marty :
I dunno, why?
Even though he's almost 24.
Happy, , for your follow.
Nice professorle picture.
Looking forward to Opera, theater  things talk :
it's about velocity, not speed.
Burlesque is my shit i can watch it over and over again..
My metabolism was becoming like a bitch in the street that I could deal with...
Lol
Looking at an early spring release.
I understand your problem, but I don't know how to help you...
I'm sorry...
Contact info deleted.
Finna unfollow her ass Smh stupid hoes nowadays.
I don't want a part of the doctorma you carry with you
some people got murked, the O's mostly won, Bealfeld is quitting and we doubled down on grand prix dumbness.
This week don't miss Casting Directors from ARMY WIVES, LIGHTS OUT,  ABC DAYTIME !
20 of men watch porn at work
Just found out that is on Twitter.
I hope it was all good.
What did you guys talk about?
I know of only one bird  the parrot  that talks; and it can't fly very high.
Wilbur Wright
I hate when i cant sleep...
too bad it wont matter when you play the pack next year punk
Easter's coming up, and we've got bunnies on the show today!
Plus, musthave wedding looks for the spring  summer!
Watch at 9am!
We are talking about performance and the limits of control...
great day filled with a lot of learning!
Wait so, Nymphostache is just something my uncle made up?
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because hearts can break but circles go on.
Yay!!
D I still don't get this twitter thing, may have to just stick with fb lol
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training Nov special is up in a few days.
Get with us now, forever get 20 an hour Personal Training sessions
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are well.
best kids ever.
Looking forward to LunchOnGoogle with the and crowd!
The most important person in the world that you can ever talk to is the person standing right in front of you.
Ken Dunn
It's good!
I'm getting ready to tour the penitentiary now.
I forgot how cool Philly is
Don't know if I'll ever get over hearing Arcade Fire in mainstream commercial establishments.
315 chores were completed yesterday using Pretty neat.
FREE 100 Natural Desserts samples and Espresso or Cappaccino!
Come visit us BOOTH 2496
if this dumb hoe get in my camera one more time, IMA BREAK HER GODDAMN NECK, cause thats how im feelin' right now.
Never settle for being a character in someone elses story when you are meant to be the author of your own
haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood?
I knew it was haha
RIGHT?
I can't rememberhave you read the books?
I just can't imagine what nonbook readers think of that ending!
haha then maybe you should have actually held it :
Is it just me or is this NBA AllStar Saturday Night Boring as Hell so far!
doooont doctornk n doctorve!
:
Happy Birthday Leap Year babies!
Damn you ArianFoster!!
Your inconsistency is not helping me win...
Hello Katie how is things I sent you the link to look  the UGG boots.
hey, i'm stalking you, please feel better and come back to life, the world needs you...
i need a pimpdaddy fast!!:D lolzzz...
i knew u was gonna forget about a nigga
not sure ur luck will matter ;
hella cool and Super Cute
What happened to all those respectful criminals?
Ready or not, here I come
who lied and told you that?
I fought a tuna for an hour once, 150lb yellowin and a tiger shark ate it like a chicken wing right next to the boat
I didn't know you were also a music producer, director that's cool how long have you been
Roger that!
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome birthday cake today!
:
I could watch this Wen commercial all night.
Physical education...
They take the wellness study, coaching, fitness and pedigology minors
Without the tweets the debates are actually kinda scary.
u must not love a HOTEL like I do..but understand..
I get it SEA and FAR are very different 2 as far as hotels
Just my luck.
I recommend ipodjuice.com.
They couldn't fix my particular problem but were very professorssional.
Got detailed, quick report.
If u tell me to do Somethin u can do it yourself...
if u ask me politely ill gladly help u outt yo
The arms of love encompass you with your present, your past, your future, the arms of love gather you together.
we lead the has tag battle cause Giants fans are the best!
At American Girl with my Princess..my son now made me promise to take him to go see T.Rex at MOSB.
nowplaying on Tonight Is The Night!
What a great song!!
Damn we look good!
Good morning!
Is anyone braving the weather for a run outside?
I'm about to turn this off.
Please do something lakers.
Maybe we'll get more SKC soccerallies b4 the Pride Fest kickoff game on 5/27.
Who's standing up for equality?
Fuck pompous people.
Heat whooped ass tonight
I think my grindoctoris broken.
All the hot boys seem to be in Vegas at the moment
A4: If you have a university in your area with an artsadmin program, go to any events that are open to the public.
Woo!
Hope the Cards bullpen stays like this all year!
Let's chat.
Follow/DM me.
text me right now!!
I need to talk to u like before I explode!!!
so wish you were here!
you would love it!
big HUGS, sweet gal!
praying for you with all your heavy loads!
mwah!
Don't Tweet about what's on the shelves.
Tweet about what you can do with it.
im weaing mine!!!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I need to meet more people in atl, tired of bein n the house at night
Clutch FT coming up.
Kobe gonna do it?
Theres so many ppl waiting...im so glad we didnt have to wait thanks to my cuzen she put us on the list hrs ago xD
I'm missing her like Amber Alert
Tomorrow, Feb 3 is Mispell Your First Name Day.
Change the misspelling of your name on Facebook.
Please retweet  share on Facebook.
Thank you!
And I'd be honored.
Aww love it!
Thanks for all the love girl!
I have been writing since noon.
Time to reward myself!
GWAVA Augments Messaging Security with Image Detection from Image Analyzer
Just saw a skateboarder eat it so bad.
Walked it off though
t p
I made u.
Omg so glad i have to do this project instead of taking an hour long test

Irresistable Irony About a year had passed since my amicable divorce, and I decided it was time to start dating again.
Unsure how to...
I wish it would be 5/22 already so I could get the goddamn Clash of the Champions DVD.
We saw what may have been a body covered by a yellow tarp.
If so, this is the second dead person I've seen in a month.
:
I think there is better chance to win the big jackpot tonight!
hmm...
not necessarily a 'bad' thing
Thank you!
At this point I would have kept Balkman.
that dude played with energy.
ima rip yo heart out thats what they call chest pain!
Do you want to play a game of FaceAss?
Lol!
Most people have it after a night out.
;.
I should be off in time to catch it, or the second half atleast.
Don't get caught!
The motto for the rest of my life: You can't control your feelings.
Free Netflix!
Yea!!
lmao I love you baby
idk Ben, you tell me xD
'If the data functions, we're good with that.'
Keep your dick in ur pants, and not in your personality...
I doctoramed I was at your concert.
writing, writing, writing...
when love is lost means new love could be found.
Hard to see that when it happens though, we always want to hold on to the feeling.
I wasn't planning on doing much tonight but I just found out is playing 812 at Webster.
Seems mandatory.
and we get to watch America's 1 punter!
Clearly I support it....because I'm from Baltimore, haha.
wooohoo finished with opensim stuff for now!
You're the best!
Thanks Clive
So Much 2 Say is just 7.99 in honor of World Autism Awareness Day.
Then just 14.99 for the rest of April.
ugh my sis on the computer downstairs and im on the laptop up stairs and we both listening to music but every song i wanna play she play it!
Sign in on WabashGuest network Name.
trippetguest password n95wa3us
Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!
I'd probably die if followed me..
let alone read this tweet..
I LOVE YOU ZAYN333
haha!
That's what I was thinking too!
tarp is off the field at the Little League World Series.
first pitch expected in about 15 minutes.
RT : My eye is fine, Xray is negative.
I should be ok for the Raptors.
Let's go Red Devils!
FOLLOW ME :
Ima tweet my ass off until 12 lol, it's extra slow today 
And here om the hate on LeBron....
now
i just wanna know if u still love me :/
yummy!
If u have extra time in the morning add a banana  scoop of peanut butter to your chocolate mix1 then blend!
Haha.
Is EVERYONE taking the day off to see The Avengers?
Your wish is Nat Geo's command...they ARE bringing jousting back!
It's called Knights of Mayhem!
Go w/Joe's recos!
RT : Eat!
Cupcake pancakes , Wings YakZies, Great ribs Full day!
Great reporting and outcome MT : Pelleys first story about stem cell con men launched a federal investigation: t.co/KdWhgvfD
Now I'm nervous!
Haha.
PhDStudentPanel hold library workshops in early morning/evening so I can attend!
Middle of day is bad.
If there's a glimmer of hope, the starting pitching has been darn good to start the season
Seeing cry is the saddest thing I've ever seen...
I could never forget you guys ;
How u doing today tv
Youngins, the both of ya!
Last week of the Biggest Sale of the South!
Are you doctorving Southern yet?
What's your gamertag?
thats outrageous!
how are people going to have coronas and margaritas with out lines?!
DC Comics Wonder Woman Symbol Distressed Youth TShirt
Wow.
Crazy snow flurry time.
Happy happy birthday!!!!
Thanks!
That's some great company!
we need to go out and watch a game this year.
Great time last year at Hose 22.
gotta get back to workin out...
:
went song by song there is not one word on this whole thing...
I felt like I was stolen from after watching some of that national title game last night.
Buccos for life!
can definitely do it!!
And I'm hoping it doesn't take 7 games!!
Very, very tempting.
I'm coleading a workshop, though, so prob shouldn't.
Keep me in the loop?
See you Friday then at the party that's if your not scared!!!
Very sad : are his football days over?
Yes, very dependent on the music itself in terms of effectiveness, of course...phasing, that's the term that escaped me!
Why unfortunately,BooBoo??
This CelticsNation u ain't no RT : Unfortunately/RT Did Boston win!???????????
good luck!
Good morning SFO
tweet at us for 8000!
I guess if no one has a negative comment, I might not be saying anything.
Wilson Chandler's return?
: Anyone want to guess what the lead story will be tonight in Denver?
I totally agree with you!
Beat Lupus!
thank u!
; for u too, you're so sweet3 thank u xoxox!
Thank you!
RT : A happy national teacher appreciation day to awesome world changing teachers like
Awesome setting so many happy people and proud parents around today
Make that
3 jameo shots  pb ale house!!!!
Need I say more????
I LIVE THE CONCEPT EVERYDAY WITH THEM MAD LOVE AND RESPEC!!!
CHECK THEM OUT FROM CLEVELAND SHOWING LOVE TO THE CITY!!!!
Deer are like Ed Hardy shirts  They're everywhere and they're annoying.
Sklar brothers.
You can now upload a logo that is up to 520 pixels wide to span across the entire tab.
For best results, upload a 520 x 108 pixel logo.
Tomorrow is Midlist Monday.
By a book by an obscure author at an indie book store!
mislistmonday.
I suggest one by
So jealous you are there!
Have fun and take pictures for me :
puffing on Jane, cause that's my gal.
..
LOl at do that with every team.
Naw, I make full season predictions for football and baseball.
what will happen to Egypt?
Right on !
both destroy!
blah blah
Listening to my Grandfather talk now reminds me of how cassette players sounded when the batteries started to go.
He's winding down.
if it was, I'm switching to andoctorid on general principle.
four straight goals.
good work guys!
ALtho we go thru tough times remeber those who have always been there for you.
They are still there waiting for you to open up.
So he can miss it.: NBAPlayoffs why foul him
Harry's and Louis' relationship:P
Pathetic first half effort from the Pacers, from Vogel to the bench.
That kind of ball will doctorve fans away.
I see where you get it from dear :P
MAHOMIES gonna LOVE !!!
OMG DID YOU HEAR THAT!!!
RT Looking forward to hearing Henry Kelly's remarks on the DOE EERE budget at tomorrow's briefing!
Composer George Perle typed 4 pages of suggestions before my rehearsal of his Sonnets to Orpheus.
PRESSURE!
Wait is coming to NYC too?
RT Social media belongs to everyone, but PR plays role in using it to tell company's story  build community
Dawn Rochelle Models is looking for talented make up artists in the Dallas area
miss you too!
What are we gonna do about it??
there's probably an icelandic metal fantasy band called Skyrim.
There just has to be.
Get bangin'!
Large foreheadthick, chunky bangs.Small foreheadlong bangs that start far back.Not sure?
Long side bangs work for all!:
inevitably, yes.
I'm mad i spelled conceited wrong..i be tryna multitask and fuck up my tweets lol
LOL On my 3rd cup of coffee.
Sweet elixir of life.
Praise be to his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory.
Amen and amen.
Psalm 72:19
glad you enjoyed The New Yorker article!
RT : Show your pride, San Diego.
Wear red  black tomorrow to support our Aztecs in the first round of NCAA basketball tourney
Ugh wish they wake up!.
nice i'm from usa , ca !
and making hits right now!!!!!
My students will be encountering Don Mee Choi's THE MORNING NEWS IS EXCITING.
So far, they've made me proud.
Grabbing Peet's Coffee before I head out of Cali  was asked if I wanted Soy Milk, Goat Milk or Regular Ole Milk Sorry to be boring!
I was thinking of getting that one.
Let us know how it is.
Great idea to update the iPod with some fresh tunes.
Helps to give the workout some new energy.
not gonna lie, my powerpoints are pretty fucking baller
Easter road trip!
I Got Ta Love Ya :3
wats the business on collabos and feats from you my dude?
Hmu with the details!
haha do work booty!
like midnight!
:
Hey!
How have you been?
Sorry it's been a while, I got mobilized, so now I'm in Iraq and stuff.
My ex girlfriend is like cancer.
oh my gammit......next week is the week of the academic decathlon competition!!!!
epppp!
im literature...must...study....
.
On this site in 1897 nothing happenedGetting ready for a fun sale this weekend.
Halloween costumes, vintage masks and random objects.
Morales should walk two and then Bard can get the triple play, right?
It kinda seems like I was happier when you was over her  
and diet red bull is the worst chaser...
RT : I've had it  lost it  I'm here to tell you...
Money isn't everything.
Beauty fades and dumb is forever.
20ThingsAboutMe 3 i cant wait till summer!
4 im scared of the dark!
5 i eat ALOT but somehow don't get fat, 6 im a funny person.
Never nude
Yesterday's 1110 RedSox L was the 5th time this season a team scored in doubledigits  lost.
It happened 15X last year.
Big, huge beautiful snowflakes in abq.
It's so white outside!
Go bucks, go!
Hi, friend :
Show at chasdoctor tonight..shits gonna be packed lets go
Disaster for Michigan.
2 Pens 25 yards, 3/G now 4/G for FG attempt.

Uecker, that's got to be it.
I love you 3333
i just adore how Pauly D says Stalker on Jersey shore : 3
Ran into an old friend from gw at BJxmas4!
smallworld!
With the New Year upon us it's time to dust off the business plan, set written goals, and decide on the right resolutions
Looks like Adobe will succeed in making Adobe Edge the tool of choice for Standardsbased animation
ABRACADABRA nope, you're still a bitch.
Wing night!
Come to Mario's from25 cent wings and watch the NCAA men's bball championship.
Kentucky v Kansas at 920.
2 yueng doctorfts 1012
The problem with falling in love with your best friend is that you can't talk to your best friend about it.
Hope it is a great Vday 4 all!
Another sweet deal on the way for hump day.
Hint: Gives explosive energy for that intense workout.
I want you to know that I am ready to gomy heart beat
Double punch doctornk of the day is a gingerbread latte, yum!
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?
Milton Berle
Once we choose hope, everything is possible.
ChristopherReeve.
Give for cures.
I did!
bit.ly/powerofwe
Breakdown of presentation for my training team astd10: changes in industry, engagement and project mangmnt
In order to get some things done you have to do it yourself.
Nothing new just a constant reminder.
Smh
I was kidding.
Don't take it do literal.
Well I shall see u at 930.
Good night
us top shop website is not as good as the uk one.
The Walek Book Division will be at bea2011 today and tomorrow
I am old compared to you :
SDSU Steve Fisher telling his players to behave at football game.
I feel obliged to listen
1 more time  First 3 ppl to RT my next tweet get free hot dogs Sat night  Nemo's during 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Lets face it Our first job is to make sure our customers are happy.
Let us know how we can make that happen!
hey there was a nicer more budget balanced part before the sequel bush why do sequel suck so much?
Lmao semi day off
Thanks for bringing home a championship.
You do MN proud.
lol i know all the lyrics to the song but idk what it means isnt it i like it like tht or somethig?
I have a confession to make don't ridicule me when I say it!
.
.
.
.
I like.
.
.
the twilight movies.
.
.
I can hear the laughter now  !
This GCB show is definitely growing on me.
we deliver to Rainbow!
Yall single females be so oblivious to da obvious...
im rite here...yo bf loll
The latest version of kiddori for iPhone is now available in the App Store.
I am watching Frasier at 2 AM on a Saturday night.
Exactly what the frat guys do.
if a woman is bad a parking its prob just bc she has been constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
my music is way out there hard to describe not accessible but I would call it EMO.
best guy impressing chick line ever!
If Michelle Obaba could get some Taco Bell in da cafeteria....
OH!
I WOULD DIE HAPPY!!!!!
also, I doctornk an oil can o' Fosters, just like a real bloke would!
And then I started insulting the British!
okolona the realist
Some people are just so stupid.
S/O to my brother My boy graduating from FSU today.
Excellent Comedy Show last night!
I don't know.
Is it day yet?
ThatOnePersonWho Always seems to find a way to piss you off but you dont know how they do it.
great will be happy for u to stop by and see us.
I'll even treat.
Show this message to person working  it's on me!
Thank you for the RT
ThankYouAlexConstancio for not giving up on Austin 3 and staying with him through everything 3 3
follow and please :D x48
..
This bitch just tried to yank my nail off.
was awesome seeing ya!
Happy World Listening Day!
My twitter is all messed up :
A big musical welcome to , , and
ahh thats lame!
Is your school weird?!
haha Most schools in the U.S.
have that week as vacation week!
When I'm sad I go on YouTube and watch and then I feel so much better.
:
follow 4 follow?
if not sorry!
Free promotion site on my professorle if u need hits to your likes, follows, 1, views
Thks 4 question No harder then any other prop.
Good  inc ficoratiosloan officer.
Over all REO properties have deals.
Had a long week I need a doctornk and my 2step...
nowayjose Aw saw this 10 seconds after you posted it, but couldn't possibly make it across the country that fast...
:
I'm ready to see Think Like A Man
Thanks!
Absolutely.
Nokia announced Tuesday that its X3 smartphone will hit the European consumer soon and sell for around 160.
Is Jay Glazier really standing in a call center??
;; Yeeeahh .
He just sits in my lap andd stares at the television .
BREAKING NEWS: SURG Restaurant Group announces Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers to open a new restaurant in Brookfield in June called 8twelve!
I'll take care of you..
it's working, it's working
it doesn't matter to me dude!
Travis is gonna go with us since the Integra broke down.
Emily knows its just us tonight.
thx.
Love you!
Stories from MickeyGilbert  JackGill call attention 2 the inequity that theAcademyAwards fail 2 recognize the Stunt Industry!
Im trying to get a job over the summer what about you cause i got early morning pratice
Whats the difference between yesterday and today??
Nothing.
Totally tore it out.
Its mine now : Gianti
cups of the XO.
stomach flu?
Hi Hope you're doing well!
Please spread the word 
Hey Elena, love your work.
When are you coming to the US?
BTW I agree with this problem of WP's RT : I've told him that!
But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
Last Friday class for the rest of my life Whoooohoooo!
Even the sun sets in paradise.
and then got suspended for it.
cranking out a group project tonight with , and :
Autumn is based on a book, apparently.
So that must lend it some quality, yes?
bought a whole Lake Superior whitefish at Heartland Farm Direct Market in St Paul.
It will be cooked whole with ginger and scallions.
Keep things simple.
Believe!!!

haha I have no words.
You would be front and center for midget wrestling Weirdest/best thing ever.
Mostly weird..
I'm glad I have a family who loves me enough to let me stay in on hot days like this chillingintheAC P
You can't make the law fair in Buffalo, NY today?
Come meet us at the Univ.
of Rochester tonight  6:307pm in the May Room, Wilson Commons.
Holy smokes!
RT : Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9 of all batters in MLB history.
you're on your bed?
:
Thank you so much love!
Help show us around will ya?
Shower  hair appointment 
because one could utilize used and the only reason not to is to try and make oneself seem more important than one actually is.
I keep checking to see that this is COMEDY Central's site.
It seems to be full of scolding.
Thanks for RT...have a great week:
violent crimes should be defended MUCH more aggressively and skillfully than a pot charge.
That is the only way the public
Agreed, I don't go looking to start trouble, I just root hard for my team.
You'll be fine, it'll be a great atmosphere.
Cool, and congrats!
Is it in NY?
We love our galleries here.
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose.
Classic Rock from Santa Rosa to Santa Cruz.
I once watched a stripper get arrested for pedophilia for giving a lap dance.
That hurt
And coming down off that good mood high on my own..
good job Crystal...
kudos.
Glad we could help!
RT : Your tweet came at the perfect time.
Just started looking up QR Codes today for a project.
Thx!
Texas Baseball Frustrated!
I can empathize with the fact that doctorgic and Lee are worn out and aren't used to this many minutes.
But I'd rather have ...
its all good, I gotta get back to work anyways.
Ill see ya tonight.
I havent smoked in 4 days.
Ill start killing in the morning.
Congrats on newsbabes, !
I'm always so proud of the good work you do to help others.
Xo
RT I Got That Human Earthquake Dk Shake Shit, Make You Hop Out The Bed  Baked Shit
tobehonest you can get really annoying , but i love you anyways.

how is your day???
I'M SICK.
WILL YOU TWEET ME.
PLEASE.
I'M SICK.
DID I MENTION I'M SICK?
went to GNC and got a new stack for the month.
megamay is now in session
Happy Moms Day to all the moms out there!
In a law firm professorle photo pay special attention to your tie: high quality, perfect condition, welltied, proportionate, subtle, present
kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum  Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 2:30p: A great way to end your childs day!...

well I better stop this bottle service lol!
We are now 180 fans away from our goal of 1,000!
Amy Wilson gives HCM update unified onboarding, I9 and payment elections.
New enhancements for mgrs.
nothing tops des moines.
nothing.
basketballwiveslareunion Jackie crazy ass had me confused all show...
She is weak and phony ass hell!
I will continue to boo Pedoctor until he's sent down to the minors.
4FamousWords Boom goes the dynamite.
you're welcome
How I remember why I left...this blog is a terrible distraction from my real work...
If you sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com between now and July 31st you'll be entered to win 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!!!!!
Yes, I have.
It's amazing
RT : Our Super Bowl specials can be found right here, amazing deals, don't pass them up.
if only we understood what the hell oue subconscious was trying to tell is!
Dedication  Motivation gave'em motive 2 hate me!
Great HR manager opportunity in cle.
Contact me for more information.
Sometimes Blodwyn doesnt rule....
but blodwyn recognizes it....
and blodwyn is coming back in full weet!
Thnx 4 the follow Totango!
WE Liked your FB pg.
Like us back when u get a moment WE'll appreciate it.
If Spain scores less than 3 goals on Saturday the man of the match would probably be Joe Hart
No rain bums out Portlander whose identity is tied to being that guy who shows up to shows wet, because he just rode in the pouring rain.
Charming Charlies at Tivoli Village has got me in love with accessories again :
enough about that, i'm so ready for tomorrow night at !
who's going out ?!
At this point I really dont care!
Oh shit fighting on my TL :x
Yay!
is on the plane gonna come home.
:
liz choose your friend better.it annoys me too
My good friend Tom Cintorino and I are quoted ...
it's all about the NEW revenue when it comes to lists!...
I am at a Walmart with a parking garage.
Have questions about Mifflin that did not get answered at the info session?
Tweet
He was close.
He was real close.
Snow in 49 states.Wonder if it's just a matter of time before we have snow here.
Though the Osprey's are building nests down South.Confused.
Lebron James: where's this little man from the Knicks I've been hearing about, show yourself coward...Hadouken!
Holy Zumba is kicking my ass right now!
SMH.
How do you keep a song simple while being complex at the same time?
I can't help that my feelings go deeper for you than yourz for me
Liberator Prentis Sibley says I don't know why I'm up here, I'm not a hero.
He tells of seeing a camp abandoned by Nazis.
get out of bed then!
Take a pic
Reasons why im weird for the Hunger Games instead of saying Team Peenis I said Team Katpee
Almost all of the essentials ...
I forgot tequila!
That means another return visit to my favorite store :
Apr.
2129 is National Parks Weekfree admission in all 397 national parks this week!
You bet.
Wouldn't miss it.
tofu, coffee and thought bubbles
Wit my Girl ;
aha that show is from my childhood..
love the oldies..
what u eatin for dinner?
Thanks for RT!
Definitely have to show benefits.
Also, I think some coaching and other change agents may be in order.
Thanks for following C:
Finna hit the streets.
Sure.
joke.
Susan, thank you for the RT!!!!
Wonder what kind of showing the Timbers will put out Sat night.
I will probably be thinking about that as I doctorft off to sleep
So, hello.
My names Taylor, i'm also known as Jey's little sister.
;D
hi right back!
can't wait to meet nell in person.
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall for that course.
oh hahah.
There was pizza sauce on it.
Gross.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana evil banana
thank you for following me Anna!
Mark
Wow !!!
That was an amazing finish, do that for me tomorrow when I'm there please!
is looking for an motivated, doctorven, Business Development Executive in Gainesville.
Any UF and Gator graduates interested?
Message me :
Yes they are!
my statistics teacher described joint probabilities as not marijuana
toss me a biscut cuz its all gravy.
Ill call when im done workn.
serious post acl blues.
can't wait till next year!
wow.
i affiliate sold a kindle book that costs 163.
keep those coming.
will do!
DM me your  and I shall notify you
I wonder how many more times the pres is gonna speak B4 th elections next year?
Almost done with my hair :
Omg lady, that boy was old enough to go to the boys bathroom by himself
who throws a cat?
I mean zee :/
still thinking about it...
would you consider doctorving down?
yeah gonna need ID
I wish I could read people's minds.
Hey RTR, how much  is the Pepsi's going to be?
Also are we going to redig the track midway through the show too?
April  Child Abuse Prevention Month FF those leading the way .
.
.
.
.
wooooop I'm excited!
Who is french montana and what is his purpose ?
Workshop was actually pretty good
hey Josh!
Any clue on the iPhone 5?
; for the worst day ever, today's been pretty good.
3
Please send ur email to who is volunteer coord
HERES TO ALL We ignore each other and try to pretend the other person doesnt exist, but deep down we know it wasnt supposed to end like this
ITS GAME TIME....
TIME TO TAKE THEM MAVRICKS OUT THIS BITCH....SPURS TIME....FUCK ALL YOU HATIN ASS HOES...
Anybody who saying about me and is negative I hope that bitch catch AIDS IN THE MOUTH
oh you know i missed you.
and  wassup elijah?!
Did Denny short pitted on the last stop?
Started using lancome's visionnaire  I am seeing results after 3 weeks!
LOVE IT!
aren't they all colored?
Lol
lol smart ass look who's talkin!
U just as bad as me
Burning the Midnight Oil
Suspend That Guy Now RT:RobbVogel: Quote of the day in the sports office I knew Shaun Marcum was going to have a big year
The Chances of Winning from Survey's on Receipts are Highly Unlikely.
Join the movement: iwillmovement.blogspot.com be the change you want to see in the world
I cant wait til I have an annaversary so I can sing toni toni tone
Just my eyebrows done now getn taped up
I dont want to leave her but in order for us to move forward i have to correct my past.
I need to start taking my own advice.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength.
St.
Francis De Sales
Of course it's wrong to go to college to avoid responsibility, but that shouldn't stop you from doing it.
Sprout Application submitted!
ima do me.
Not to mention how many families call nuggets and fries a meal for their kids several nights a week
uh oh..
Now what do you do..will they try to redeliver
my team name ideas, tebow's youth group, burrested development,fighting lawn ornaments,kibbles and vicks, mike brown who?
Pregaming to Nicki Minaj.
Come fill my glass up a little more.
My first burfday present is from my good friend He's playing all my favorite house tracks on his show Jac of All Trades.
There are 2 types of basketball players in this world, ones that embrace the fear of them,  ones that want to be loved.

If Told Me Happy Birthday That Would Be Dope !
:
hahahaha!!!!
It could be worse.....you could be watching the bucks right now!
Legitimately megatalented.
I am preemptively backlashing any backlash.
She's the kind of artist we need.
they play basically same position.
And hickson hadnt really earned a start till last nights breakout.
i needa start hittin them waits son on the real
When u open ur heart to ur special someone it's hard to close it back up before u feel the pain of heartache
heading to an assembly plant
Bitch, you should take off all your makeup and see if them boys still think you're hot.
I've seen you without it, you ain't foolin' me.
its just time to move to the detachable shower head its pretty much the greatest thing ever!!
Easter, I'm still getting over the weight from Christmas...can you stop having such good food?!
I run with my phone and as I was rounding the corner to my house I got my starttime email for next weekend!
What kind of crowd do you expect when the best we can do is chant, We're Number NinetySeven!
not really having the best morning.
no care
The Mighty Mac is one of our favorites!
I've been listening to for words new album nonstop since it came out.
Awesome job guys!
Follow for updates on whats happening across the sports world.
Alcohol is legal, but weed isn't, which one kills more ppl.
It's all about the tax, what can Uncle Sam get out of it.
that's why they pay me the big bucks :
I just realized I have lived in my current house longer than any other place.
Time to let someone else live here.
Because technology is flying, get your business humming with
You see, I am a poet, and not quite right in the head, Darling.
It's only that.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay
Gratefulness opens the vault to Blessing.
Complaining shuts it.
how u say u got ny back or you right behind me a 100 but deep down inside you fake is hell
Long Day tomorrow...
Goodnight
so u have a new bf name happy now?
I can't keep up : seeing your boyfriend walk through the door after a week of not seei Happy
oh nice!
Weve toured to NC before, last summer!
Hopefully we can again soon :
You're nominated for a Teen Choice Award.
Get your ass on here and celebrate!
WOW, thank you for the super mention!
You are awesome!
Come on and doctorp it to the floor...
I do ...good stuff
TY for sending out a msg abt our contest!
MT : The country would be better off if more Americans got education you've received 
raises eyebrow how's that.
Please just get out of my head, its like they have a radar or something.
lmao what you mean?
pesto chicken, and chicken and herb m flat bread brick oven baked
cops were at my school today because a nudity picture was going around.
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Already lost my voice fuck yes
were her for about 10 more minutes, all we've got left is the vegan taco and the soup
The only thing that's hurts about this loss,Is because mistakes caused it.
Swindle was a huge hit with our 4th grade book club!
Buy your Mom a Beautiful Neckalace!
I'm a Pandora girl!
I want to get to know you :.
How could I...
you never replied to me except once, but that one time was very appreciated.
Off to for breakfast!!!!
LIFE IS GOOD!
Living the doctoram.
The fact that one side of your face is more elevated than the other 
How's your neck and back?
: 
twitta thats when u grab somebody by they titty nipple
Sun's out!
Walkmen on park stage playin a rollickin Rat.
Park bar's out of lager.
Proud I've done my bit.
: Loved the IPA at Mariano's today.
Just wish they had it in stock.
I would have cleaned out the store Nxt week
RT if you had an amazing time at this past Saturday for
which is why the doc mistook it for an Iowa cornfield
Hey there!
Any of my old cronies around?
VNDMG Feb 13th at the Breathe/Milk Bar in San Francisco, CA!
be a good girl at dinner young lady!
RT!
: Aah, naked swimmers running through the halls :
That makes me want to pound my head on a desk and cry.
Happy birthday to Brewers IF Craig Counsell!
Don't you just hate it when you have a bad bun day?
Nope...in a concourse many states away.
No matter what someone ends up pissed off at me
Hey had 2 go back  read yr timeline 2 find out all that's been going on with U.
Will B your fan wherever U are.
Family first!
yes they do.
Have you ever been to the wieners circle?
'RN  Hello Ivonne  very nice to meet you  DJ
What i say when someone says they had moes OMG!
I love moes!
It's like god became mexican and blessed us with that foodobvi its true right
Rare that the Sox have a nice quiet win like tonight's.
No blowing out the other team, just getting the job done in offense/defense/pitching
Register todayLofty Dog Halloween Fashound ShowProceeds benefit local area rescues.
Need a costume?
We got em!
www.austinbarkitecture.com
u know u like her..
dont deny it xD
I'm single because I'm too pretty to be dealing with your sorry behind!!!
3words www.DealLookup.com saves money!
whut it do?!?
New year new taco We've got a yellow squash and jalapeño black bean vegan taco with toasted pumpkin seeds.
Come try one at union station!!!
m okay then.
Oh, yeah!
I though it was sunday.
Shit, i still have one more day of work.
Silly me.
Well its 6:30 on a saturday.
Hope you had a fabulous Easter!
: J
I like that!
If PERRY is done as some are saying here...then who do conservatives support?
ALBUQUERQUE!!
National Weather Service issued a Winter Storm Warning.
Please be safe  Call Paul 24/7  8845583  Water Flood or Roof Leaks
Everyone go follow my bro and my sis
that is a very constructive thought!
Mean Lars is mean.
RIP Jim Marshall.
We'll crank the Park and Super Lead up in your honor.
The Repubs have managed to take over of the House with adding more districts with more Republican voters
I hope this isn't Fonzie jumping the shark.
Once Who Wants 2 b millionaire brought back contestants, they lost me.
Dalet Unveils Dalet Galaxy, the Next Step in MAM Technology
is this April's fools?
HOW DOES THIS PIC THING WORK 
you can get them for like 5 then!
But let me guess.
You're probably against Planned Parenthood, too.
Got it!
Thanks so much!
Because sadly they validate themselves by what these athletes do  many sports fans are sad sacks.
gud night i need sum sleep
Sorry for party rockin!!....;
I want to see incubus but besides that I'm kinda meh ...
but for 25 bucks I'm willing to go.
Friday is TriStar Motors Day!
Are you opening an actual restaurant?
I can not wait for this new season of DogTheBountyHunter to start....this show is my guilty pleasure.plus beth is kinda my role model.
:D
Okay, I'm SUPER confused..
How is Shawntal already in love with Ben when she hasn't met him yet!?
Someone please enlighten me.
R doctormmer Derek is going 2 B participating in the doctorm Fight, December 13th  The Crazy Donkey...doors R at 5...come dn
haha i could imagine .
Just watched Chronicle...badass movie.
Go watch.
Sorry, Can't understand your language.
I live in Fishers by I69 so I'm going to get up to see you guys on a Tuesday
It greatly concerns me that he hasn't used his litter box yet......
Igor Stravinsky's Rite of Spring was the real arrival of modern music.
A psycho on meds is still a psycho
No.
I'm in NY lol was asking if I'm in LA.
I love me some Prince Harry ; how you DOIN??
yeah!
go have a fun run.
Am I the only person who could spend a half hour amusing myself with bubble wrap?
You're everything I never knew I needed  all I want for the rest of my life!
I wear your last name with love  pride!
Cheeseheads are most entertaining during football season.
yes pretty much haha
Alex Jones and Trayvon Martin on now  Zenlive.tv
I love me some Family Guy  Sponge Bob though
uh oh I seen that before  like a whole different person
I know he loves me cause it's obvious 3
I would jump off a bridge for them.
I WOULD KILL MY PARENTS FOR THEM, owait..
then i wouldn't have money.
what up twitter if im following u can u follow me im trying to get over 1000 followers come on follow me wwe super stars too come on follow
Sorry I missed ur Usteram .
Its Angelina i have two accounts .
and i share this one with Amelia
omg I have to go cuz I have to meet you3333
Revving up for vs.
Nats weekend with , , and !
GoOs!
where u live!
Work out Check in: Who got their workout on today?
know12 Traditional approaches now dying: reliance on small  of large partners; need to watch what's happening on startup front etc
hello, this is Elder Irvin Scott from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Would love to connect to Urban Initiative.
Be careful who you call your friends.
I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
Yeah i guess it's alright!
Lmfao so have you seen him live before?:
The Attendance office lady knows my name.
: ImAlwaysLate ShesSoSweetThough :

Wanted to give it time and see if maybe I changed my mind, Yes.
Meh.
Enumerators always seem a little OCD to me.
now I'm really curious  what was the item?
Such a great group!
RT : So proud of my studentsfive DSA awards AND Freshman of the Year!
Thanks Will!
greatclient RT Breakfast cupcake at One more reason I like these people.
yfrog.com/kjbcxhj
According to AdWeek, Facebook fans are 78 more likely to purchase than nonfans.
RT
I must be the only person on earth that hates spring.
Because it means summer is around the corner.
We on

Somewhere a chicken is dying.
PN allergic DD found a trail mix wrapper on the playground.
Litterbugs are a double threat.
lol, Rock on!
Sounds like fun!
: Enjoy!
: There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help,  what they cannot.
Plato holy applicable.
RT : Help ABQ Homeless!
donated clothing, shoes  couches that will be on sale 's store today!
it would make my life if you followed me
Thanks for the FF I know you guys have particularly big and juicy hearts!
Check it out pronto pronto...
Risk and privacy have at least two things in common: foundational concepts in the new infosec model and not very well understood.
Joint Venture Silicon Valley State of the Valley Conference, more than 1,000 attendees in the room and one elephant: Prop 13
Let me know what you all think and we can plan something.
LessAmbitiousNovels The Grapes of Monotony.
Buy Cheap Cutters Rookie Receiver 2.0 Gloves  Football ...
Eating dinner on Bourbon Street.
Some things in Nawlins never change.
I will let you figure out what I am talking about : New Orleans
Her mom sat and read with her for over an hour.
HEY ALEX!;
Hetty toddy softball!!!!!!
rebels!
poor baby
around what time should we look for
Woody Hayes just appeared to me to say he thinks this Buckeye offense is too neolithic.
I'm sure you do!
is a very abusive brother notcool 
loool....love you with no reason LoooL
OMG like so much!
Huzzah for shirtless juggling.
Blonde is AWESOME!
Your good morning texts to wake up too are greatt, but waking up to your face would be even betterr, 3
doctorg...
tried to add my business to your listings but it said I was outside your boundaries
Omw to Chicago back home I I will miss your show tonight..
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely.
Ghost was tall, dark figure in corner.
Bootsie was surprisingly awake too!
Egyptian mythology about warding off those from underworld
It really cracks me up when I hear women saying they want a nice guy, but then they go out with the first ass hole they meet.
Who wants to meet me in Detroit and pick up some trash?
It's Earth Day, and if we can do it in Detroit the rest of the World can do it!
thank you for your composed tweet :p we shall work on videos in due time my friend...
SUMMER 2011!!!
wow!!
That is so long ago!
I actually remember that though.
Lol
nah saints just lost it, next year it's the cards big homie, btw you shoulda been pro bowler for sure
Nate's doctormsticks smell like asshole...wait OMG.
2Pac Dear Mama just gets me every time.
Dear Mama I hope you know you're appreciated!
Everyday should be Mother's Day
Thanks for having me this was fun!
Nice meeting you all.
Goodnight :
I hope the Lakers win.
Beating them will be so much more satisfying!
You seem to have a very myopic view of the issue.
Not meant pejoratively.
was arrested.
All is fine now, nobody got hurt.
But it was powerful!
Just realized today is Fat Tuesday.
I guess I'll pour myself a hurricane while I catch up on emails.
Ready for the doctorft!
Los Angeles :
Im so lost with you.
Conservatives take into account the whole man while Liberals tend to look only at the material side of man's nature  B Goldwater
As I scratch my heads trying to figure out what scra/tching is?
I thought i lost my AP book today
Dear Zeus, please give these fake bitches, a lightning bolt in the ass.
Orchid show with
Cough!!!
cough!!
ugh!!!!
my throats is burning like crazy :'p cough!!
are you ready for your party on Sunday ?
:
Hi.
I need a follow back from you.
So i can RT etc.
your links.
Thanks.
Buying goodbye gifts for 4 people that's it, the rest of dem people can kiss my cats ass.
Thank you, Escape2Create in Seaside, FL, for your support of the arts.
Hope to write with you all again soon.
Been on my studio grind this whole weekend!
COME BUY A JAM SHIRT!
Occupy San Diego seems mildly interesting at best.
I am undecided re: my 2012 representative.
Is there even an Occupy Honolulu?
me and Sarah have the same eyes lol and his are like hazel
Can some scientist create a Bubba Oosthuizen so I don't have to deal with this kind of thing again?
RT I would love to see the Monopoly guy fight the Pringles Guy.
Who do you think would win?
Cup of tea like a sir.;
Stephen A.
Smith
Woot!
is the man.
in bed?
naahhh
I've got 6 of the rhythm charts done for Friday.
4 to go.
Sidetrack as I was hired to do 4 choir arrangements for a church for Easter.
We have lives.
Currently reading Designing the Obvious: A Common Sense Approach to Web  Mobile Application  We're working on a mobile version of our site
The NFL should make the uprights 10 feet higher.
Too many kicks nowadays go too high and make it hard to judge if it is good or not.
Kaykay back to annotating.
Half way doneskii 
: OneThingIDontLike is being used.
If you want me, it should be always, not only when you need something.
If Tucson competed for a Superbowl venue, what changes would we need to make to do this?
Take the survey!
Grinding bro knocking out ya gift!
The Next Up Mixtape!
At least it's outside your window and not inside your window!
:
29th Annual National Retired Military Golf Classic set for Myrtle Beach, SC: This is the largest and best military golf tournament i...
My Christmas is spend time on the F'n road Back home to Memphis!?
Woo hoo...
Not...
Finalizing the interview with Should be available for download by the end of the day!
was absolutely phenomenal narrating Goliath by Thank you for a lovely experience.
Read more YA books, please!
im following lol
I never use the phrase, Your guess is as good as mine because, well...
it's not.
Hey Marquette...
Who's studying tonight?
You're almost done!
Last film I saw: doctorve.
Amount of films I've wanted to see since then: 2,000.
Man, I need to find the time to sit in a damn theater
LOL i feel you but once I know I will DM you and you will know.
You my Bestie, I wont have ANY secrets from you
naw I only listen to u must think this is Facebook Shawty!
RT : Entrepreneurs can do today what only governments and big corporations could do a few decades ago.
RE: GhettoWaysToDie Trampled to death while Occupying WalMart.
Lightning talk: Marilyn, Preservation Maryland.
Advocacy, outreach, funding.
Grant program for preservationrelated projects
We had such a great time!
Thanks to everyone who came to our booth!
Another ridiculously beautiful day in Albuquerque!
I feel so bad for my friends in NYC!!
a bout it girl we live in
Boston chapter ASLA is thinking about having a LARE workshop in October.
Anyone interested?
Working from home in queens newyork and I just felt an earthquake.
Who knows where the closest fault line is?
Im not focused...
Car shopping
mission impossible;
My mom is yelling at the tv lmfao priceless
So many incredible applicants!!!
Can't wait for interviews :
iknooooo blah at least its the last week if school lol
Tonight is gonna be awesome.
I got these heartprint pajamas I'm going to be eating Indian leftovers in.
I love that movie.
Watching on SNL.
I know Im late but I'm so excited!
Crap!
Thats not god!
Outta here ;/ its just irkin and a bunch of weirdos in gym
Perfection?
ha!
Your fucking dumb!
I've decided to make a cake with baxter.
: Gym time.
what are we lifting today?
squats till you both puke duh, dont be a pussy Marino.
Getting a kick out of They tweet real ad copy from the 1900s!
ur welcome!
keep up the fun tweets!
they definitely help entertain me on the bus :
Right is RIGHT..
even if only a few people are doing it.
Just finished weekly supervisor meeting.
Lots of new tasks!
gurl..
U rock,luved the show!!
If she's coming to ur city check it out definitely worth it!!
just seeing your name light up on my phone makes me smile more than anything..3
AWESOME RT : London calling.
Chipotle opened it's first restaurant in London today at 114116 Charing Cross Road.
If he loved you like he says, wouldn't he be the one texting you right now telling you your beautiful instead of me?
Ha!
Love the beer/kettlebells comparsion!!
Happy St.
Patty's Day!!
Miller now taking it too Blake
Happy Mother's day out there.
To all mothers...whether your kids have two legs or four...it's your day.
Del Frisco's Restaurant Group LLC Tuesday filed registration papers for an IPO of shares 3 years after pulling the plug on a previous IPO.
Based on my social and financial experience I find my self in a qaundoctor politically
taking in toyhauler for some repairs, before big trip in july for SANDFEST!!!
Most dance studios are enjoying a spring break this week.
What are you doing for your business this week that tends to be forgotten...
also your going to connecticut on march 9th right?
Two glasses of wine and singing in a fine nasal twang, Please Daddy Don't Get doctornk This Christmas.
We could be in for a long day tomorrow.
haha apparently they're doing it wrong!
Ready to see today!:
It takes nothing to start a company..
so put ideas out there and see if they get traction
Ain't it wonderful to be where I've always wanted to be.
I'm at home with Sally.
The Lou did it!
loveeternal baby as always!
A great night no matter what but the win icing on the cake!
Love u!
Showed my age, and was tragically bummed, when meeting w/ 'kids' who had never seen the move 'brazil';
man....i havent been tweeting in a long time...
Good, how are you!
Where are you working?!
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 21: Wee MAC Scottish Brown Ale
follow and dm me i stay n atl im 14
Taking a picture of the moon is actually really hard...
So I'll let you all do it.
Here we go!!
Digital Dolls in the building!!
Lets get Hyphy!!
Sheeeeeeeeow!!
Hehe
Off to a good day.
No misterlloyd
So pumped for wango tango back stage
Where are you in Twitterspace?
Glad to see a City supporters club in DC!
Will be in town for the Manchester Darby, any tips on where to watch w supporters?
Sadly, indeed.
It's a generational thing.
We've got to wait it out.
The course sounds great, thanks for sending!
that shit gone b crazy...who u think gon eat the most?
3 to tie it.
now in overtime
It's time...
midnightbreakfast is tonight at Palladium  Weinstein 11pm1230 am.
See you there!
If you don't know why Honey Bee is trending, catch up hereplease retweet
This year will exhibit for the 1st time.
Well be able to cut deals on the spot, says VP Jonathan Benjamin
I think used to be 11:11 Theater.
They might be able to help with context for the history.
Hmm..
So glad to have back  her infectious and impossible to mimic laugh coming down the hall!
cc:
Didn't sleep.
Today shall be grand!
i'm just ME that's it.!
Is it art, or just really cool design?
What makes it art?
thanks ; u know u are
I woke up about an hour ago and I'm thinking about going back to bed!
Lol
Daddy: Well, you know its cinco de mayo, so i was gonna make mexican food and margaritas Mommy: I'm on a diet.!
lol
When is Andoctorid 2.2 coming OTA to the Incredible?
Sending a copy of your way today, Sophia!
xo
and for anyone who thinks this is a hitting coach fix is a shmuck
SPIStudyAbroad thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thank you Patrice!
I don't care!
I don't care anymowoah!
I love this quote!
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
Dave Weinbaum Here's to new beginnings!!
Steak n shake in Richmond.
What are some ways you save money when you're working promotions?
Doing what I do best.
Well, within the top 5 at least.
I sold it and it was a Shitty black 8 gb 3G
4 myself you got a man
That's why I've always kept mine small.
Tho, I will warn you, toothpicks have been known to put eyes out.
did u see that sign woman was holding at OWS?
thats what the reference is too, I couldnt find the link, anyway, do well be good
: RT : I love that quote.
I'm pasting it in my notes for this week's statistics lecture right now
Pretty much...
Thanks for your gracious plug!
The Internetismagic; and you, kind Sir, are a techsavvy sorcerer of all sorts.
SAN FRAN or bust!
Happy Birthday to my boy you crazy bastard
I think I need more help understanding twitter.
3 days left of school!!!
:D
where ya goin?
Release date posted shortly for Live from Sun Studio.
It's an iTunes exclusive.
30th on 30th is TONIGHT!
On the front patio : 3 pork belly tacos and 2 30th Street Pale Ales.
Starts at 6pm.
DJs at 8pm.
It's Monday, it's raining.
We're all allowed to be snarky.
I can only hope for such a glorious ending.
Do you think the Timeline is similar to a resume?
How else can it be used in the job...
Thanks, doll.
I can't wait until game time!
GoPackGo!
THEY ADDED A LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY DATE!!!!!!!
4th of July weekend special: Mention our ad in the Arcadia News and get 10 percent off your purchase!
much love!
RT : Beautiful calico catSunday Jasmine, is entered, too!
You should come to ChocoTweetup!
Benefits
Oh snap...
Were bad assh :
Btw, Lawrence is nuts.
People lining outside bars at 6am to get prime seats for the semifinal game.
wine??
Lol and of course give her your love ;
Couldn't let me have my moment eh Bean?
Had to go and one up me?
And on mother's day?
You're lucky I 3 ya ;
Booze Broads  Hot Rods 14 PREPARTY Friday, April 13 w/ Wayne Hancock be there!
I DO WHAT I WANT!!
Watching Heat basketball.
LOLOLOL :P RT : He blocked me again, How many times are we gonna play this game Kalin White.
Can you help me with the adoption post?
never heard of antiadoption people
RT : off you've not tried the mozzarella caprise you should
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
i gave up on you.
not because i don't care but because you don't.
Lol why do i feel like im gunna get into trouble over one of my health journals i just wrote where i wrote down my problems with our school
I'm using a storage POD right now to help move
9 minutes left in the second half  Bombers up 9473 over 's Bteam.
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
I sent my son to this camp, each camper receives very good football instruction.
The camp is a very good experience.
Richie Anderson, NY Jet
You're single because you fall for people on the covers of the magazines.
The winners were announces yesterday, scroll down in our twitter feed for names  pictures.
Let's go Lakers let's go!
Good sunday err what?
im upset but ICONic Boyz did make history and will always be my favorite congrats to IaME they were really good but im really sad :
I did hear it.
He played it for me himself...
Feel free to be jealous :
Whats worse, no one actually feels secure.
If you getting attacked it takes dude at least 10 minutes to get out of his seat
ill mean alot if you follow mee i love youu
I don't EVEN wanna know!
Lol smh
HBOMBBBBBBBBBBB 1 all start!!!
U need to show nada how to party!
Never underestimate the power of Monkey Hands!
onside?
WTF are u smoking?
Need a Rogers int this doctorve!!!!!!!!
Come experience our garden space, great cuisine, and fabulous wine located in the meat packing district.
she loves me
Is this a real page
Obama's student loan push helps him court crucial young voters  ABC News
Before you question how ESPN managed to hire an Internet scammer, remember this is the company that willing employs Skip Bayless.
so glad to see john simpson is riding his bike again!
Those are 3 of life's staples, guess it was inevitable :
Colombia sex scandal.
Military: 11 involved in Colombia scandal; 6 Army, 2 Marines, 2 Navy and 1 Air Force.
thanks david!
Gosh darn I feel great after a good workout....Minor league tryouts here I come
if it were LSU/ALA..it would be game of century
im so jealous !
, i wish i would of known u were in WV :/ hope it turned out great!
Ferry Building farmers market!
Feels good to get back into a routine.
wow.
I thought I'd like the extra time to plan and grade.
Did that happen?
Yes!
Puppy babys are the sett!!!:
lmao !
and go eat at fancy restaurants ;
Nah.
MMs are a great stayontask tool.
Dole them out slowly as rewards.
great presentation today!
I definitely meant Thursday.
you forgot !!
EXCITED TO SHARE that my client lost 60 body fat with me working with him.
Yahooo!!
Thankful to all my new followers, but feeling anxious as I'm so behind in connecting w all of u!
nothing cool like that!
the police don't target or professorle black n brown people, I'm sorry but that's laughable.
OMFG SHE BLOCKED ME.
!
RT : You really want somebody like that?
Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door?
Toni Morrison
I added you already idk what mine is
You blow that money money..
: Thanks Jack, very kind of you.
Have a great weekend!
Is Cheerleading a Sport?
Read what a judge thinks hereussportspages.com
aw its from this summer when these 3 girls won some mg.
i WISH it was new.
yea but he's gonna hv to do it all himself so I don't see it happening
A Miracle of Love...
Whoever wins this game will be tired on Monday against OKC.
Going to fall asleep listening to the Brewer game tonight, nothing better.
Only 8 months until the World Series
i hate algebra 
Not in the mood today!
Sweats and messy hair is what's up
Gel nail polish was the worst idea.
Can NOT get this off!
its whatever!!!
Y'all faking bout da shit!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts to roll in!
;
Okay, maybe not Christmas.
Like finding out your project assignment in a favorite class?
Maybe?
I've always loved the planning.
Nothing makes me want to put a gun to my head quite like the sound of moths bouncing off of light fixtures.
Waiting for the new Bond movie....
If you need a villain for the next one, let me know.....LOL
Thanks for the retweet!
Go Brewers and Go Amy!
: how are you, Brian?
Haven't tweeted with you, in awhile!
Good morning!
Early one for me thanks to my youngest little boy.
4:00 a.m.
is not quite what I had in mind.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts...hope your weekend was as pleasant as mine!
What was your favorite holiday event this weekend?
The Parade, , or the walkabout?
don't hate on the biebs!
Lol
can we go beyond the gallery of thumbnails?
MY page, MY tweets...if you're easily offended about what  I  tweet, unfollow me : ...not like I asked you to stay anyway lol.
But Wall Street doesn't need more regulation.
No sirree.
love it ; saving!
cause I have plans tomorrow with some one else so idk if I'm going or not
Oh..
can you follow me so we can message..
;
Thanks for the follow, Aric.
I tried
just followed her man!
just sent u a direct message
Somebody keep me posted on this heat/pacers matchup...thx in advance
EVERYONE FOLLOW!!!
yea really...
It's going to get hot around here.
Already is.
Whew.
Happy birthday best friend !
These commercials Winning have me weak everytime i see one.
The most important meal of the day w/
I feel like a hero and you are my heroine Do you know that your love is the sweetest sin?
.!
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just watched someone's donut tire blow out.
That is some bad luck
no icing?
Are you crazy?
VISUAL ACOUSTICS OPENS DECEMBER 11TH IN PORTLAND AT LIVING ROOM THEATERS AND IN ATLANTA AT PLAZA THEATRE.
Whats wrong with the cell phones
Call for Free Overnight Delivery!
Last chance to get it in time for Christmas.
8883435638
Our 200th tweet!
; RT : Even when local is a 2 hour doctorve!
RT : SMCNSB It's all about making local connections.
ha ha I text you once : I no response : new number??
wow, the athiests have really zeroed in on that one
Ah...Just got a bio/artist statement request.
Those things are so lame.
Why do people always have to be total dicks to me then wonder why I'm having a bad day?
that is awsome!!
God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:8
I NEED TO SHOWER NOW
Be Unstoppable!
was fantastic
Thanks for the heads up about the Share widget, I'll check that out!
Hubby ran 15 miles this morning.
I took 2 kids to the grocery in the rain.
Not sure who had it worse...
we're kindoctord spirits!
:
Let's start a revolution, and this time change the rules of engagement.
No violence, no outrage.
Lets just get unplugged.
Tim Russell stole your money
I don't know too many like you
nice, what kind?
I'm doing homework that I forgot about.
please supply us all with a quote of how much NFC will cost to print on 10k printed postcards.
A1: only one really causes controversy with is players/reps  this has an effect on many levels just depends what side ur on
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
memory lane....
2 chainz and champagne, you want true, that's true enough
Listening to my all time favorites and :
you had to be a big shot last night???
// billy joel, big shot
thanks for the RT!
How was Marquee last night did you have fun with the boys after I left ?
RT are people going to respect who we are what were like if we are going to act like asses and step it up respect those who are around us
but I don't know; I've made more comments!
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I like your backround :
That moment when you go back through 30 issues of published content because what seemed like a few issues ago was really 2007.
Preparing for Prism launch week with  Get excited, !
wasn't this supposed to happen at 4pm est?
LOL...
hurry up my movie is about to start...
;
Watching So you think you can dance!3
I ended up saving the aforementioned perfect stick.
The time to spark will be revealed to me tomorrow by
NOH8?What does that stand for?
Is that like Be A Star the anti bullying campaign WWE is doing?Thankyou for explainig it to me.
Compared to the outgoing model, the MKX has gained some noteworthy technologies, such as a new 3.7liter V6
Gurls With All That Plastic Surgery.
Need To Stop.
You Dont Need That To Be Beautiful And All The Attention.Your Great Just the way you are.
I wonder how many of those 62 are reaching their target audience and engaging them.
Who's hungry??
NOLA Food has everything you need for finals!
I can't wait until this upcoming Andoctor 3000 Album!!!
Do ya Damn ThangYou ain't Fresh Squeezed Juice Nigga You that Tang!!!
Love using MS Word snipping tool to add jpeg to Animoto!
Human belief should not base itself on human traditions or authority.
Stinky Gringo Margaritas coming to Goody Goody stores in Texas soon!
Ask for us!
RT : Romeo  Juliet isn't a love story.
It's a 3day relationship between a 13  17 year old that caused 6 deaths.
Cowboys w a very nice pick, to say the least
oh, there is a new quest!
Done!
was thinking of that today.
I went to Cinco de Mayo and they had this weird mexican fruit syrup that said it could go on snoballs
Asian guy doung my nanas nails and my nana says this is a pretty table and he says yeah and its not made in china lmao
The water is powerful, I tell you.
Make your neighbors wall Jealous!
Hang a MIKELPATRIK original!!
Do not want to go to work today :
Happy Hump Day all!
Working on a childoctorn's charity art project today  so happy!
Spreadin' the good vibes : Xoxo
Jobwise there's been quite a few places hiring but I'm actually trying to relocate out of state.
:P
Females Who Hold Their Man Down Through ANY Struggle Deserves NOTHING LESS than The BEST.
I love you too!
: how is school going for you??
Thanks for your feedback.
It's much appreciated.
Chillin watching some netflix, successful day
thank god for Thai Truck Tuesday
Pay no attention to my last tweet i am I just bored AF rn...
RT : T3: Some ACOs will succeed, some probably wont.
Just like
walked around a bit, kinda reminds me of west hollywood
Hello to our wonderful mentors!
Happy to see you on here!
Hope our new followers won't think it's a baitandswitch when all we do is post about Body Count several times a day.
I used to think Lugo was just short for Logomasini
and I apply YOLO to everything in this career fair xD.
What hasn't mentioned is that he cut the foam around the items in the case.
That's what's interesting about it.
Apparently.
Turducken for dinner!!
cil2010 where's lunch?
Someone else must be hungry.
RT : According to the Sentencing Project, 5.3 million Americans are denied the right to vote because of a felony conviction.
did you know mystikal was in louisville tonight?
thanks for linking us!
Can't hurt!
I'll do it, too.
: Today I will send healing thoughts to troubled spots around the world.
Was outside playing with alex and brandons coon.
:
Turbulence at Spirit Airlines After CEO39;s Comments
I was on , and started laughing really hard when I saw that there was a One Condoms street team.
Made my week.
:'
FF These people are doing big things too!
Life is good...
I'm super busy between school, work, babysitting...
How are you?
.
looking forward to your SF show saturday.
do you guys allow audience audio recording?
if I get 2 airport 2.5hrs early and earlier flight has room  is 15 mins from depart u shld accommodate not charge me
Watching New Orleans Hornets at Denver Nuggets with Viggle Fri  7PM  Altitude Sports and Entertainment Network
Life is to short to not be yourself !3
Can't wait to hear it!
I'm a lucky dad...
they are super sweet kids
One thousand fans, hot dmn!
It feels good to be surrounded by so many great people.
yes hey arnold is the best
followed, RT my stuff please!!
Shutting down now....
To the easter traffic/people that made my wait at 20 minutes longer, I hope you all get nailed to a cross and Burned to death.
DOES ROC REALLY GOES W/ SOME GIRL CUZ IM CONFUSED.
My mom just told me I was an orange..
Wow, that's a joke for a narrow audience right there!
just found a branch had started on the wrong changeset, so he diff'd the bad start against the good start, edited the patch, and applied it.
I love you and miss you pretty girl!
:
February 15th is what our distributor says
Since I have started my New Years diet and training for boxing and MMA fights again, I have doctorpped two pants sizes!
;
thanks for the tweet max!
Interception!!!!
Suck it Trebeck
Wow!
So fun getting to hang out at such a cool portland urban
Looking for theorem 11.11 hoped it be the area of a unicorn....
I would kill for some philly cheesesteak spring rolls right now....
Tourism industry  DMOs want travellers to spend more.
Travellers want to go more places, experience more for less money.
We left overstuffed, but here through the weekend and back next month!
Listen To The Things Someone Tells You When They're Pissed Off .
.
That's When The Truth Comes Out .
Dengue Fever  Sober doctorver  01:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Bring Back Ringer 11
Looking for a gift for a gift exchange.
Any Milwaukee specific ideas?
Sorry I was keeping you away from the gym.
My bad!
Totally my fault!
Oscar worthy RT : And the award for best actor goes to ...
the punter from Wisconsin.
Badgers are Big Ten champs
Went to the Brick Wall tonight.
Had a Double Chocolate Stout.
Reminded me of the chocolate stout I made B 4I tried to put cherries in it.
RT : SANTA arrives in Littleton in 6 hours!
Reindeer, candles, 1,000s of lights, free hot cider.
Does it get any...
Flushed five dead frogs down the toilet today...
disgusting neveragain.
Cloudlands Opens tonight at South Coast Repertory!
How to carve a turkey, dog reindeer costume and umbrella hat.
it embeds XML in the source.
If you got past that, you're dead to me.
or I wish I lived near by.
NeverTellAGirl she's fat.
has a three day weekend.
Wait.
What?
Ha!
Yes but I wonder how they can legally justify the arrest?
Its bothering me.
I gotta find out
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
tell us what we have to do to get ranked.
We are already winning by shutouts.
Donation to your favorite charity?
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life youve imagined.
Jessica, can you call me at John Eichten at 6123337990 today, Monday?
I have a question for you...
the house in kent
Can't wait for sushi tonight!
:
DC.
Good to see so many people come out to support Red Baraat.
Place was PACKED.
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!!!!
Watch ima give you an example
I'm thirsty...but the kitchen is stupid far
RT : Fiber makes apartment rentals more attractive 2 prospective renters bbcsum12  Tweeps, hit me up for story I wrote on this
about 200k per pound
In February, Trade Press Services helped a vision solutions firm get published in a data center journal.
so down.....
Again
She's back on FB and trying to ignore the class.
Stop the violence..
Fuck Fly I Am Fashion
Ugh do not want a midterm this morning.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Frank Zappa
Hey Tiffy here , I just gotta say I have mad 3 for you!
Since day one u were and still are my fave BSB 3 u r amazing!
Today's K Atty Tip: agency's bidding on a project 4 u?
Ask what the bill rate  4 atty pay rate to find out what is REALLY the best deal.
Yes!
Good first step  but it is definitely a bit more fun to have a variety of flavors.
:
i second that!
One last blast of nice weather coming through.
Well, we can hope for one more after this.
Roaaarrrr!
This week's interview goes into the depths of the bear and cub communities.
Come out come out wherever you are
RT : RT : If a guy cant handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesnt deserve you in a wedding doctorss.
FayetteB2B tomorrow at noon.
Fayetteb2b.com.
It's a shame couldn't last longer than 10 hours of doctornking today
very dissapointing outing Saturday DC United vs.
LA Galaxy doctorw, but we didn't loose
not lying at all :p
kicks off in the cmlounge at sxsw convention center!
Come one, come all and see this app showdown!
text me shanice
Happy birthday nigga!
RAW Brock Lesnar is what the wwe has been missing.
is that the Tennessee Challenege or Sea Rays?
Who would've thought that my broken german will get me a nice room at a hostel in
Dont be an inconsistent supporter!
Despite the fuck ups show them luv like they won the championship.
Win lose or doctorw!!
Usa wants iran to return the doctorne that was flying over iran???
Bitch whatwasyouthinking ?
Wrestling with a mild billycurrington addiction and I didn't even think I liked country music!
this is really true
Ahoy, there!
Thanks for the follow!
V is for dinosaur!
I wish I were French...
foreveralone ?!?!
Are you kidding!
Hahaha your the sweetest guy, anybody would be lucky to havee you3
First day of spring break and im going to the doctor...
Listening to THG soundtrack and score.
TY, : Nice way to wake up.
seriously RT'ing everyone but me ..
Ok.
Great resource!
: do you girls have a CD out yet?
I keep looking for it but can't ever seem to find one!
Thanks and keep up the great music!
YES!
Aww.
What a sweet trending topic.
You guys are gonna make me cry!
Forever in MY heart, too.
Love you all.
Just got this text, So far gone ..
..
..
..
..
..
Wth be going through people's minds?!
Ask me do I care, gone is good lol damn
ur really gay
Keta's Potluck: Remembering when the salesman came to the door  Green Bay Press Gazette
damn.
Your mom couldn't have any sausage?
Who wants a shoutout?
What would you think of Phil Knight buying the Blazers???
When did it become acceptable for youths to stand around when others need their help?
My mother would KILL me if I did that!
After walking around BooksAMillion I found so many books I want!
:
Can u keep a secret?
I give him props for coming here with his son but....
That awkward moment when you doctorp a full ashtray.
I love my travel agent!
Getting an email from her  adventure!
yes, I would miss the Claires Boutique where I first got my ears pierced in 1992..
Join rivals and tommorrow night to veiw the premiere of MTVs latest show ?
?
in da studio wit mister Smith and the CEO
not mad.
Why r u concerned?
And thanks to for recommending
Marketing only works if you are giving people something they want in terms of classes etc.
Oh, you have to summit Mount 3G for reliable cell service.
Insider tip!
who will be a better NBA player, Patty Mills or Nolan Smith?
Sean in Hillsboro
Great to meet you today, !
Enjoyed seeing your work.
Ladies night!!
Logan Square Farmers' Market is much bigger this year!
We're going to get an extra something each week for preserving.
Today was asparagus.
Its really hard out here : I CAN APPLY FOR FOOD STAMPS IN THE FALL!
PRAISE JESUS 
somewhere Mike Holmgren is smiling
I think it's cheesy....
OMG I NEED INTERNET
Thanks for the follow!
Interesting, thanks for sharing  this is exactly our next step: building our audience further!
thanks!
It was a fantastic time with over 500 Discoers!
had some friends try it and the love it.
Today is the first day so I have not heard anything back but people are ordering it :
Thank you for your sweet tweet!
Happy VDay!
why is everyone moving so slow today
Good to know
Registered for PubCon this year in Vegas.
Pretty excited to get back into the connected world.
my bestie is a egg right now!!
Lol
I had a cavity doctorlled and filled today.
It was far less painful than watching that awful Yankees game 2nite with all of Arod 's at bats
People that lie only hurt themselves...enough said
Also he may make you send awkward texts to local friends.
SO dang tired.
i've already worked out and had a rockstar, why am I so sleepy?!
; blaaahhhh
Enjoyed Super Freakonomics.
About to start Gladwell's newest book...well after the Eagles game.
I don't work nights lol.
I work from 115 except Sundays and Thursdays those are my days off.
Thanks to anyone who joined us on Facebook!
We will donate 1,000 to the Hoglund family in support of their journey to Hong Kong to adopt!
Wow thanks so much for keeping us in mind during your travels!
Please fill us in on your travels when you have a chance
Looks delicious..
Mud Hole Road Atv Mudding  dirt bikes for 300
In a pinch, sometimes alcoholics get doctornk on Listerine.
But who can blame them when the cap doubles as a shot glass?
hell YA
Animal Kingdom wins the Kentucky Derby.
Love the horses name.
RT : Just used for the first time to buy a ticket.
Great experience.
Why is it the ringer on my phone only works at innappropriate times?
Movies.
Funerals.
: When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it.
You can always know it by the way they treat you good shit bruh
New to this  trying to see what its all about...
i got a gig for us.
Sat in muncie.
topofthelineentertainment TOP OF THE LINE
I just saw !!
My day has been made.
Blessings Ty!!
Thank you!!
What!??
You damage my Twitter rep man!
I was only responding to an article, haha.
Yo check out And doctornk some whiskey for me.
We now have the ability to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0.
Watching Vietnam in HD.
amazing.
fascinating.
gut wrenching.
impressively put together.
Thanks for telling this story.
omg i love u soo much.
plz follow me
I thought I left all this nonsense behind when I moved back to Oregon.
p.s.
I know amazing ENT in Cincinnati, a gamechanger
I am studying public relations and I am interested in fashion.
I have checked PR couture for internships but none online
With Gamel likely out the season.
.
.paging Matt LaPorta?
Or perhaps Derrek Lee is in shape?
WordPress Tools Ajax Comment Preview  Allows readers to preview their comment before submitting.
!!!
RT Can I get a dm or mention damn !
favorite color?
do u hold kickboxing classes on the weekends?
Rates?
Dude.
First off we're a company, not a person  second we don't think you're very fancy.
Favorite Greinke start ever was in Texas his Cy Young year.
Only seen Pedoctor dominate more.
Grieve basically sainted Zack on their broadcast
Just attended the Dorchester Collection Fashion show at The Beverly Hills Hotel!
Going to interview Derek Blasberg!
nope, me too.
Goddamn noisy box.
Norm on art and science but within the sciences are all diff ways of seeing.
Agreed that we need more conversations about this.
Laws are a dead letter without courts to expound and define their true meaning and operation.
pretty name
Follow My instagram :
Enjoying a warm cup of coffee on this chilly day!
:
: I'll be there this summer.
haha where are you living NYU Dorms or Windsor Court?
I know!
It's like she's not even addoctorssing the criticisms
The lighters come out.
RIP Johnny Cash.
Already chillen at rave!!
I feel like a straight nerd
Hey, We met at last month's Learning Event.
Turns out I was already following you on Twitter.
honestly anything, I'm trying to get back on at Target lol
Its a good ass day
People who stare should be punched in the face!!
I saw that plane!
the shakeweight is one fascinating piece of equipment.
tomorrow ill give it a go at the gym
no...
Cover it live seems to be down or flooded right now...
.
Happy Birthday Kate.
Im jealous
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!
Marta says I have a tiara on.
I can't be unhappy
Gm twitter ppl hmu
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there.
I may as well rename doctorco to Scooby.
He's scared of everything.
Ooh brave!
we came this/close to sending u to the mountain!
;
Is there any room for My Eggo in between, perhaps?
RT
well said!!!!!!!!
I'm also a Singer/songwriter and I'm willing to give it my all to be successful at it
2 great investment turnkey multi family properties in Honeoye Falls contact me for information
I don't think it's coincidence that the TeenMom girls have to be subtitled despite supposedly speaking English.
Just had the John Holmes of bananas.
Hadn't eaten one that big in ages.
Only go down the grocery aisles you need.
We made it.
Its awkward.
So many people im related to but don't know.
At all.
That has to follow my owner she's crying on me!
Yuckk.
Maybe I'll bury myself in this terribly late conference paper and forget about teaching for now.
I show up to this spot called OShucks to have a burger and there goes that Brian Berrebbi guy again!
Stalker!!!
I have a feathered cupids arrow..my wit is quick so u may need to duck my feathered friend!
He's an asshole.
But he's my asshole.
That is a good ass analogy.
........
RT : ff some of my favorites!
lol take a trip to Stockton  come visit me !
your not invited no more chode Dave
RT if you want me to tweet a pic of myself!
lol this probably won't get much RT's.
yea I've been reading this fanfic and you do some dirty things yea so yea you're a slut hun.
Just another CRAZY day at Studio B Smiles!
Never a dull moment around here.
That's why we love it!
:
omg no I hate when my timeline is like full of people it literally refreshes every .6373894 seconds haha it's so annoying!
Oh man you guys, I just discovered two new stilltacked pockets!
This is just the blazer that keeps on giving.
r u feeling the song?
Free student tickets are still available for India Night and International Night, stop by before they run out!
Become a friend of on Facebook and receive a special discount on the opening night film and party!
Check now for the coupon code!
jesus christ is mercury always in retrograde?
Who gives a fluff about avatar?
as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be
Project: Buyback
Is it me but why the suspicious looking people never have a problem passing airport security?
SMH
ahah kinda their hair is definitely alike lol:
Wow.
I haven't been through my list in awhile obviously.
I'm following Amy Winehouse still.
Rip you crazy chic.
This was a staple in the horror section back in the day.
Totally forgot about it.
I love the titlefangs design.
Classic!
Thank you so much guys!!
iFollowAll teamfollowback :D
Hamilton County Democrats crack me up...
Isn't it about time for you folks to have your convention in a phone booth again?
Haahhaahahahahahahahaahahahaha wow way to find something better
The Crazy Thing About I Been Knew I Had It!
okay!
Done :
The website is in the final testing phase!
We hope to unveil it soon!
Stay tuned for the go live date.
i hate when girls pretend to like sports so boys think they're cute, lol no
Had a Crazy session with trainer,  two other ladies.
There was lots of sweating, breathlessness,  jumping  running, burpeesbig fun!
oh and I can not get that darn ASPCA song out of my head.
An elongated preparation does not deny your purpose but gives you a little while longer to reign for a season.
Its like I keep fallin asleep unintentionally at the same time every night.....no matter wat I got planned or who enroute to me;
must just be my lucky day.
Lol
Natalie portman is sweetheart she has been classy and beautiful mike huckabee is a scumbag and trash
I declare we shall lunch at The Noble Pig during the month of June.
congrats on the latest round!
Thank you for following!
twool97
Eddwuan and Stacie talking about Teen Wolf....isn't that the show where they have the economically disadvantaged version of Twilight?
thanks for sharing thomas!
May the Lord fulfill your beautiful heart's desires and bless you with many more yrs!
ILOVEYOU!
C: 3
AH!!
I'm afraid to ask...
Are the tickets reasonably priced?
Oh who am I kidding, we'll be going anyways.
THIS WILL HAPPEN.
Every Sunday night KIDS EAT FREE at Paesanos ELK GROVE.Get a FREE Kid's meal with the purchase of an adult entree!
Dine in only.
Loving to see incoming and outgoing mail by on ShowAndMail!
Right back at ya!
Happy bug bunny day everybody
Looks like Monterey to me.
Just a few hours up the coast!
A Healthy Smile Tip from Kravitz Dental: Keep your toothbrush covered when not in use so that it isn't subjected to harmful bacteria!
reading the vampire diaries: the return nightfall
Tuned into the AwarenessInc webinar.
Looking forward to learning from !!
:
just the up to my usual antics...
No big deal
i just notice i have a bruise on my arm /: from ruben punching me!
t.
swallow them whole!:
Cameron DiazBoob Job!!
Thank you!
xo RT : happy travels!
On the roof downtown, ready to spottheshuttle !
Congrats Giants...
We will be back next time...
Go pats :
flizzor refuses to beg for nothin
Stayed up too late last night with hatching a plan.
But now we have a plan!
I just hit u back
At the beach: wiith baby charlie!
this has happened to me a few times here while piss doctornk.
It's very confusing and often times I tell him to pull over and I exit
lmao  CNN predebate coverage.
They're desperately trying to make it a 2 person while he who shall not be named's supporters surround them
Good morning tweeters!
Send us pics of your costumes from last night!
We want to know how our fans celebrated!
didn't hear all the tracks on the album bit what I did hear was good
Pretty cool and interactive...
by the way...
still no new slide deck
.
help, I'm tweeting and I can't stop
Thanks so much.
Never been to Asia.
On my list when I finish the show.
anyone wanna see a preview of the first ever wear liberty photo shoot?
Thanks for following!
Heading back up to IWU to join the crew in leading the final session of the Awaken conference.
And I'm hungry.
In multiple ways.
Wish I Was At My Friends Quinces '
Sweet!
New dev environment is up and NYCoders are about to get busy...
Omaddys gulfport rock shrimp risotto blackened mahi, pinot blue..lunch with view
Nice.
You guys have the ultimate hookup.
I'm insanely jealous.
I had forgotten how much I love the movies until Cabin  Avengers
congrats :D
Ughh!!!
Im So Bored!
Ha thanks.
Are you around for the LocalChefChallenge this weekend?
Who's your favorite Texas musician?
Last game of the regular season!
These pussy niggas disgust me .
vince would like me to give you the number to the battered wives shelter because andoctor beat your ass so bad.
Dead link.
Awesome!
RT : was able to snag a ticket to see Wicked at Popejoy!
Can't wait!!
:
Thanks for getting the word out about next month's PR 3.0.
Will you be in attendance?
thanks for the follow.
Have a wonderful Charlotte week
Old people have it good.
RT : The Den has played Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash six straight times.
Waiting to see how long it takes them to notice...
who is that baller on the right?
HAPPY BIRFDAY CHIKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
have a good one.
I see u gettin turnt over there lol.
be safe
: Watching Kobe throw away a critical possession and miss the final shot is a terrific present MerryChristmas true story!
When the sun comes out I feel like I run into people from high school.
It's like where've you been?
They are like inside for 8 mos.
duh?
Tshirt weather walking down santa monica blvd with Mikey P about to meet with the rest of the cast.
I hear its cold in NY or something?
Super day at the Clothesline Festival w/ and PattyMcPatPat :D
Nothing like coughing up blood in the morning.
:
sesame street just did a skit about glee it was so cute
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina My Big Fat Greek Vagina
Aww baby!
: /3 I wish I could be there for your bday!
We're working out today.
Not usually into basketball but go mavs!
Painting your nails is such a pain in the ass.
probably get fatter cause you don't share your food.....
there is no way the punch top can can be punched with doctorm stick.
i tried w/ a key and it shattered on me.
ahhah did i after my shower
Good luck with entry!
Would you believe I was grumbling about Google just when that quote streamed by?!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Hahaha!!!
NO OPTIONS!!!!
Why do you say that though???
;
Back to reality.
Full work week ahead after wonderful week of vacation with family in Wisconsin.
Is that a leash..?
No, it's a child safety tether.
lmao
The Jazz Vs Spurs series should be broadcast on CSpan.
Its going to be THAT exciting.
I hate the Heat.
Always a great day, when you wake up, read the paper you are not in the obituaries or on the front page with headlines that read captainRED
10 minutes and some change left Arsenal Lets go gunners!
Spinning deep, tech house on the Clevelander rooftop on a beautiful Miami afternoon...doesn't get better than this...
Having a blast at six flags with the homies!
, roger and wookie!
I fought You for so long I should have let You in And all I was trying to do was save my own skin But so were You So were You
Only gonna be in the lower sixties when were in next week!!
The fuck?
Pissed
thanks for the follow
Great quote from re: legal services: the days when corporations buy billable hours, instead of results, are numbered.
What the fuck??
FINALLY arriving at thatcamp.....
only an hour late.
Ugh.
I've decided for Halloween I am doctorssing as a Mexican wrestler.
And I'm aware it's still months away.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to everyone!
they usually have a small hammer to break the glass for fire extinguishers, good job!
consider 'doctorp shipping' your kettle bells.
Learned that from Timothy Ferris.
Class was Hot Hot Hot!!!
Also, if yer a jazz musician, but you're touring with a nonjazz outfit, you should lemme know anyways.
I just like music.
Fringe is my ultimate TV guilty pleasure.
RedSox afterparty with LIVE classic rockroll at Who's On First boston across from Fenway 8pm tonight!
I have a Fav on Nicki new album....
15 Marilyn Monroe
Today  CPL: Family Book Club, B is for Books, Soundtracking Workshop  more!
bit.ly/kpACdx
Never give ppl a reason to treat you less than who you are, a person.
Stay beautiful.
Inside and out.
Web publishing is a crucial service and thus advances the library.
So happy for in being selected in the first round!
Happy Easter!
What a beautiful day
That play earlier had me crackin' up..!
Good job to Austin McWilliams and Davis Summers.
oh I've already made a dent in that.
Parents buy one for every holiday.
Can it be?
Has cut his long, voluptuous hair?
;
Yep...
downed a 8x8 pan of ghiradelli brownies...
realization: reached for a brownie, and there was not a single one left...
woops!
No I'm not, but I use the art of psychology every day.
So what is an Ultrabook?
Maybe the best book you've ever read?
Better than all the other books combined?
Head  shoulders above rest?
tell the producers their logo is blocking a very cute skirt today.
Nice Weather Lightheaded,Dizzy,dehydoctortion.
Not Going to make it tru this summer  its barely May.I feel Horrible.
Stay cool Cincinnati!
Even the Harbaughs can bond over the Hoosiers
started playing today..not a RPG fan but it's awesome
No worries.
have a url I could take a peak at?
Also added: Nobody's Token and North Coast!
Woohoo!
Protesters chanting Recall Walker outside Capitol.
well i guess we just wont speak anymore, sad face
best hot dog ever?
traindog!
If you would like us to follow you back, kindly provide a professorle.
Need help with a professorle, just ask.
Lol that was a good idea
international player keep doing great work.
Browns fans, notice how many Olinemen r going here.
H did the right thing.
WR is DEEP!
W/ the run on linemen, WR's r doctorpping like stones!
can you message me your booking info please honey?
That is really cool!
Have a great trip.
Diaz...Mobility falls into three areas...content, community, collaboration.
Pretty sure Blake Griffin hasn't landed back on Earth yet after taking off in L.A.
If Simon heard me in the shower, he would put me on tour with One Direction immidetely :D haha
WISHFUL THINKING RT : I wonder if will tell me he misses me today...
We're just under the upper hand.
Genuine is my new word for blunt
nowplaying: 'One Man doctornking Games' Mayday Parade
33 i love that boy
On the deck with the patient as he makes business calls.
Fresh air  pain meds  better day.
This would make a great doc short!
Nice!
I'm glad the class had some impact.
thank u and I am : xx
You run with the devil
Thanks for spreading the word!

thanks to you Dave for coming out; see you at demo day!
.
Going to try to encourage this with upcoming Library fellowship recips.
We'll see how it goes
NO WAY : Haven't you had about enough of this whole growing up and being responsible thing?
Priorities are a bitch.
writing an english essay is icky but the only way to get through it?
listen to Celtic Woman and melt :
Great job !
Very inspirational
I have a ticket for 5 people to go and see the rob brydon show on the 26th june, you have to be 18 if anyone would like it let me know xx
ReTweet if you are going to VEGAS this weekend!!!!
yep yep
Bitch Really.,?
Sigh, nothing on tv  no where to go tonight!
I wanna go clubbing soon!
I have no idea what to wear i just know i want to wand my hair
thank you, it's a single.
I took the pic at a sideangle.
well it is almost impossible to walk on :/ my moms boyfriend said it could be a tear were going in the morning
The site also eliminated all my quotation marks !
Bad design!
Omg this song3
Who would date me?
Thanks for guarding the integrity of your religion for the community  your kids!
I've always admired that abt you.
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Happy Birthday to Apple and Gmail!
:
Ari Fleischer stepping into his former role as political hatchet.
A dash of cold water, without insight.
Rickie Fowler is playing lights out.
Wow.
Already at 8
AH!!!
No more sunburn!!!
ScarabXpress is the latest strain in the multipledeletion series of Clean Genome E.
coli.
Based on the MDS42 strain,Scarab Genomics
Hi love!Just making sure u saw my email about Project 7 :Let me know if u need me to send more info 4 the mygloss giveaway !
jason kidd not going down without a fight tonight....
he has taken control
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars
i did
almost punching someone....
REMEMBER, Tix for Go On Sale to General Public April 12.
Which Film is Everyone Excited For?
For Me it's
Betty whites off your rocker 
I love guava
: false TJ gives the best TJs TJ is good but I call it like I see it homie
Don't feel left out.
Dude, this fucking sucks.
Okay I will :
u went with Jose but to Grettell's house that's we're the surprise was at
Whhhyyy are there so many food commercials this morning they need to stop
nasatweetup vs nasasocial when 5,000 people invite me into their work space  Air Force Base.
They get to name the activity.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Blake was hella scared.
Awhhh yeah!
Hook me up with some nice curtains !
Lmfaooo
You're hot.
A little thin for my taste, but I'd happily put some baby weight on you.
Wtf.
I just missed my damn 4000 tweet.
they are still
just had a great shoot for a clothing line.
Back in the saddle again!!
EVERYONE, GO FOLLOW !!!
THEIR NEW AND NEED FOLLOWERS!
where u at?
35th and hill..
hahahaha!
I'm crying right now
: The power of social media: credit card  loan approved for Liberty after being rejected because of discrimination.
// BOOM
oh boy, its fucked.
you get any texts?
Headin over now
QUOTE OF THE DAY: First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Thomas Kempis
I'm here on the steps of LA City Hall with 1000s of fellow workers rallying to
thinks a jpeg should visually deteriorate over time on FB due to overuse...
Who's ready for the NbaAllStarGame!?
It's going to be the best!
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
13
would you like to write a guest article for my historic holistic THE HEALERS campaign?
TEACH ME HOW TO STUDY!
love it when students produce like this, doctorpping the track to a relevant song, writing rymes themselves!
Nursing my voice with tea and honey and crossing my fingers for a better show tonight.
Hoping its a Miss Marple tonight on Mystery.
Have rediscovered Christie's knitting detective.
Jeter on fire!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the Pacific!
Comedian Kevin Hart tix go on sale tomorrow at 10am for his performance at Hampton Coliseum on Sat 2/11/12
Hey TAAP Fan's!
Check us out this Friday  10:30 on Tuff TV  Sat on The CW Network  2am.
It will be a great show!
I wanna be your super hero !
Love this song
There's way too much talent on this show this year to pick just one favorite
ItsHardTo stay still while listening to Country Girl by Luke Bryan.
the Voice is legit.
It literally chewed everything in my room that was in its reach...Good thing my prom doctorss wasn't an attractable target.
There are many companies that may have options for public policy, but the best bet is to visit booths to find out more!
I'm looking for a job.
And I'm a web developer.
10 yrs exp.
Strong HTML  CSS skills.
Adobe CS4 knowledge.
MS Office too
It is pretty hard to call myself a fan these days....
could the game be any more pathetic then the highlights?
Easy...
just stop off at Safeway for Tbone steaks...
will be on WGUN 1010AM talking with Dj Kay at 1:30pm EST listen live as he talks about
you know me.
Just promising false hopes and doctorams to these LA chicas .
Lol j/k I'm cool..how are you ?
Which version of npm do you have to use?
How do you install an old version?
5147 with 2 minutes to go in the 3rd?
Jesus if they were gonna have a throw back night the least they could have done was wear old uniforms
on fascinating interplay between preservation of games and pirating.
Use a lot of the same technology: emulators, etc.
thanks for the ff!
Have a great weekend
Guns and Roses.
I love to be in a crowed of dedicated rockers.
Waiting for tonight.
Andy Bernard does not lose contests.
He wins them.
Or he quits them.
Because they're unfair.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
The guy in the middle thinks he is so hard!
Thanks for the fun today!
Please check out my Chicagobased service, !
Save money and donate to charity on every swipe!
where at?
Friendly customer service Nice to dine in Anacostia again, yesterday...Nice to see DC's finest in blue are patrons, too...: 
NewiPad is not crazy as supposed to be, Apple would do what next...
Cheek only.
: : Go suck his face, or something.
haha.
To tumblr or not to tumblr?
Because the streets is a short stop/Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shotIf ya didn't know, now ya know
Best idea I have ever had someone rip off.
Stand Up To Cancer.
This one I don't mind as much about because it's for a good cause....
I'm not surprised though.
That actually doesn't sound like you at all.
10/20 PLO at palomar, 6k and haven't won a pot over 300.
Lame!!
Luv Ya 2 you silly girl!
AAP
I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl.
That awkward moment when someone asks 'Why are you still single?'
my friends i dont think like austin, he's too young for them lol.
and my mom wont doctorve me to la for him
Follow Me 
Thanks for the follow and last but certainly not least
Successful Experience is so redundant that youre wasting space and LinkedIn keyword optimization by even thinking of these phrases.
I didn't like how you let poor beer and hit with the bottle storyline or not I hate it
Day 3 in DC, crab cake 4.
So far DC Grill is in the lead.
Love
Call me corny but as a child of the 70's I know all of these Glenn Campell songs and love the tribute
Why thank you!
:
sheesh there's nothing like the feeling of just taking ur shower and laying in warm sheets :
Even tho wee got ruff moments I luv her to death, so fa tha hoez tryna get at me take not from a
When you play against yourself you can't tell if your defense is good or offense is bad
you can join too!!
So where's the big pregame for Derby tmister?
If that!
Lol.
She's opening a store in Berkely,  is hosting an Instaphoto show in correlation  giving us an excuse to all flock to the bay.
The only failure is the one you don't learn from.
They gave me a goodie bag at the dentist
Blogger has been down since last night.
Can't publish my new post for Monday.
Grrrrr.
Thank you for your sweet note  and for including my books in your collection.
I'm honored!
haha oh no!
That couch wasn't comfortable at all
aha, oh god.
Knowing me, you already know it'll be crazy.
For real?
El Paso?
I agree!
RT Woke up craving kelp noodles with mushrooms from .
When r you guys gonna sell your food?
The 1 reason corporations get away w/dodging taxes,abusing workers,pollution,illegal foreclosures on homes etcThey buy our elections!
thanks fixing to download now
JuniorSaid You're weak
LLN my alert messages for all messages is Niall saying POTATO :D teehee!!
Uh, right.
Because I was obviously not that kid.
Not when when my cousin was around.
I do not understand why Grover Norquist has so much power.
This is surreal.
That's not too bad : if you want to get the old lady coworkers dancing, you can do worse than The Waitresses Christmas Wrapping.
Great night with and and I have a sweet new pint glass.
Its getting easier, although sometimes its as if the thought of you is stronger than ever.
Celine Deon's intv.
on GMA is stupid, useless and she's an idiot.
Today was crazy
Laying in the sun with my puppy and a slurpee.
Good day
I see Cum Laude or Magna Cum Laude or Summa Cum Laude next to or before my name on my bachelors degree.
Yup.
How You39;ll be able to Conserve on Men39;s Watches
okay its west virginia 112 degrees bedoctorom 112 its freezing im cold.
som one wanna cuddle?
;
Visited a tiny Dutch village in Washington where I hoped to pick up some Delft.
I picked it up  put it down when I saw Made in China labels
Getting raw food chocolate shake.
It doesn' t get any better than that.
Followed :D can i have follow back now?
Plane rides are always so boring.
That is why I spice them up with practical jokes 8D
Heading to the play offs trying to get this championship
Wait.
You're reproducing?
you're still thinking about hot stuff!?!
You're insatiable!
Oh shit, thats so tight...
thats gonna be so much fun.
I just gotta lay low for a bit...
these last 4 months have been insane
Lesson learned: always come to work cameraready.
Sigh.
:
They also look great on the grill of a Mac truck or an SUV.
Everytime i see a semi i automaticaly think theres a robot in it.:
Wait...So thrice isnt a word?!
why am i just finding this out now!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Expect the unexpected
Nope...
I'm not much on costumes.
Think I'll just wear tshirt and jeans.
Haha!
i LOOOVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE your new haircut!
: and im excited for nsndirectorscut :
Love to hear the book has been an encouragement.
Believe God for the impossible.
staff
Q: What are the chances of doctoram Act passing in Congress?
A: Need collaboration between both political parties.
No room for hateful rhetoric
he's awful.
Russell is way better
blown all wild
social media is great but once in a while you need to filter out the negativity so you can accomplish great things.
Roger Novak says that competency based learning will revolutionize education.
eisummit cc:
Help us make a difference in the world.
En route to Humboldt for an Assault of Arms Historic Fencing Tournament, Eel River and Humboldt Fog cheese, here I come!
bitch what u think this is snack shack
Great session on social media and international Ed.
Good ideas and helpful hints to US institutions
Education day  off to South Eastern WI professor Photographers Ass.
meeting.
Good day to be inside, I think.
zomg Could only do that if amom no longer lived there.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you 
In Point: Victoria Schultz, First Weber3408204.
I can ask around for Wausau names.
So does that mean you've accepted?
I agree, it was almost as uncomfortable as watching someone testify
Hey!
Help us get ready to move.
Big sale store wide on all in stock books!
where do you hunt?
with that being said if you ever find that kind of pic of Clay you'll send me the link right?
BD
It's nice hearing someone say I miss you.
Experience must be placed in context.
Good morning to our Twitter followers
Seeking a referral for CA attorney to advise a VA resident about options re her underwater CA rental home.
Does anyone have any suggestions?
she is working at Marq your path!
Hope school is going well.
Music should strike fire from the hearts of men, and bring tears from the eyes of women Ludwig Van Beetoven
oh man, dad finally got a car
I often test against jabber.org or a local ejabberd server.
It used to be that jabber.org ran ejabberd, but now it's MLink.
He has little to gain by returning.
RT : Lehigh's CJ McCollum has declared for the NBA doctorft.
thanks for the support and let's chat soon bout our lil' project:
Google is almost by default your company's home page
Thanks!
RT honestyhour I once slurped 5 dozen oysters in an hour.
Today I'm going for 6 dozen...
Audition DONE.
Yay!
I'll miss you guys too!
See ya next week in Colorado!
You are going to meet Nicki?
what's with all of these disgusting bugs everywhere?
look like a cross between a mosquito and a gnat.
they're swarming me.
39;Row39; your way to a better body
Hi, email .au to enquire about dates etc.
Beatles Tribute Abbey Road celebrating 40th Anniv of Hard Rock on 6/14/11 7:30p.
5 donation for MakeAWish.
All Ages.
Great talking to u today kid!!!
Can you follow me please?
are you able to meet up today Sir?
It's a shame that the captainin is not there, but at least you are there to play the role!!
Keep up the shadow passing!
My lips are sealed!!
Hello world.
Check out our website teamtenmedia.com for information about us and the services we provide.
We are video services at its best.
oh yeah, the Oscars are really a test of marketing savvy.
It is fascinating in that regard.
Not too far off from you on Artist
I just submitted my marketing plan for ist600, which means I am now officially DONE with my MSLIS!
.
at tonight!
That's if the venue didn't collapse after last night's Justice show.
Looks like only 2.
Tonight was only the 3rd game of the 010 slump...
Last night I saw Tower Heist and was pleasantly surprised!!
But tell me, why do people in large numbers show up for the movie L8???
I wish doctorid commercials would just show me what a doctorid is.
Marvins Room Is Closed
Admit it, you sometimes pretend to care about a teacher's personal life to waste time in their class.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is a comfy headband.
ouch :
most definitely is : especially since I've got a keurig machine to make it.
UH I was unaware of any beef PLEASE inform me bc I'm lost lol
Yikes!
note to self take alternative route.
Thanks for traffic update.
u gotta twittaa:
Im so impatient .
When will this day ever end
c you adopted or produced offspring d society has not collapsed to the point of not being able to watch walle
michael vick has broken ribs?
probably should be put down.
10 YEARS AGO ALLEN IVERSON DELIVERED THE FAMOUS PRACTICE RANT.
NOW THAT HE'S BROKE I WONDER HOW HE FEELS ABOUT PRACTICE.
HEY GO FOLLOW HE IS A GUY ICONiac!!
:D Please for me.
grading is done, grades have been calculated and sent off to the registrar.
Now, hoping the baseball game doesn't get rained out!
Thank you for the FollowFriday!
:
If I get my car tomorrow, it'll feel like a whole new life will begin for me :
I have never seen so many people with dead animals attached to their vehicles than Pittsburgh.
You're welcome!
: just speaking the truth.
hey kitty
congrats!
You are a great twitter personality for seattle!
:
Mom says if I continue being this lazy, I will get no where in life.
i love it!
When they jump around in the program at competitions
In Westport, doing absolutely nothing.
It's
Ha, I didn't snooze!
I was already scheduled to work before u even announced that one!!
:
Loving the Phillies throwbacks.
hey Mike!!
Did you ever end up reviewing our record?
Hope all is well!!!
Good Afternoon to all!
On ma lunch break bored af....
Great way to start my day
See ya.
Sadly that tweet to me never got to me cuz my last name is Walsh, not Welsh.
Also I 3 Munchkin.
happy belated bday bro!
What a waste of a bat
Damn Rocks!!!!
live chat in a few minutes then :
RT Thanks for following!
All the best!
Gives new meaning to the term bush Mornin', that's just too funny, woman au natural a'la brilliant street art
Closing tickets as fast as the moths are disappearing!
There is no passion to be found playing smallin settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Nelson Mandela
Hey thanks!
Did not meet, but good job with okc, site looks great!
I'll be back in NYC this fall, maybe hang out some time
Need a blunt lmao
Please follow back..recommended by JayPrince fb
Follow for info on this year's
Hey Sweetie!!
Hope you are doing great!
: Have to prove citizenship to have DinnerWithBarack but not to vote ?
How ironic.
So his uncle and grandmaw arent invited?
's talking about the positive energy of the crowd at the Manchester commonwealth games and how it made a difference.
George Goober Lindsey
Keep the best and delete the rest.
Thanks for the mention!
It really was.
I had to cherish it.
Bike wash could be slightly more dangerous.
That doesn't mean no though.
He would say I do not like it in a box.
I do not like it with a fox.
:0
So reports disgusting activities by Anheuser and calls for a boycott.
Fine, but Include and Goose Island too?
Its obviously the battery.
Did I mention its the battery?
Oh yeh its the battery.
Ask that nigga..
what did he say?
Oh yeah its the battery
Hi there!
team tan at the UL pool today
Um excuse me mom I did not offer to buy you Starbucks
The tweed ride party is in full swing at , NE 42nd  Tillamook across from Moon  6p
Spanish Conversation Tonight from 79pm!
Wussup i need followers follow and the kid And the team 
Thanks for the advice.
Ill take a look.
Heyy!
Now following ya!
Hope all is well teamblueyusa :
Long day I'm ready to relax to some BB wives.
ok let me know.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
it's daa truth
persistence is key!
What do you want to do?
morning.
What's good
you're the bestestsssss :
LOL RT I want to name my daughter Joe Adams!!!
She'll respond to u eventually!
Don't give up!
She does tweet attacks a lot!
Who knows?
u could be tweeted nxt:
Going to the tonight to see yup.
is accounting the beans in Jericho, New York.
Later Gators
lol not really
So is it just a given now that Julianne Hough will be in every movie musical?
Just wondering.
Apparently she wants to play Elphaba.
Nothing I have off : Let's chill?!
: wyd today?:
So the guy doctorving the Universal Lubricants, LLC truck was totally checking me out.
Sales pitch?
Believe me i do the same thing!!!!!!!
aww thanks!
: Seattle.
July 28th.
you??
Beautiful day outside:!
centennial and cascade are always good.
what do you think?
there are croissant crumbs in my bed.
Today the last quarter moon in Aquarius asks how can we be more objective and tolerant in order to accomplish more during the next cycle?
Game two today!
: here we go!
Tongia: disparity in a network is the cost of exlcusion exponential growth is costs of exclusion regardless of ntwrk structure
made me breakfast didn't tell me ate it then text me and said y I didn't call her back this morning we didn't even talk
i definately wanna see the world but when thats over hope you r ready to have at seven kids four girls thre boys.
Lol
Um, ridiculous  from Newt Gingrich has threatened to pull out of future debates unless the audience are free to applaud.
Thanks for the Shout out!
Always great to meet someone mixing interesting types of music!
stop judging ppl.
u don't kno their story.
Hell yeah!
That's wassup, so I can put you in the Electronic album I'm working on mayne!
:
Anyone going to the Rothbury Festival?
www.rothburyfestival.com
I'll be there.
You're my favorite pholitico  way to represent :
I swear you were just at 619,00 followers, thats crazy.
You're getting popular.
;
we should do lunch when I get back and I can doctorp it off.
: I know that's right!
You creating some fabulous pieces tonight!!!
wait until you hit the baby self.
pregnancy is still basically you're old life, compared to baby life
I tend to get wet on rides.
Over half of youth sample 1417 ages have an appenabled device rather than a smart phone.
It's gonna get louder.
There's a growing list of Author Events in the Scheduler, or you can add your own personal sessions.
Does that help?

Thanks for the follow, fellow Vegas event friend!
The Teehive TShirts  Love to be a designer?
Design your Own TShirt or customize your tshirts Online now!!
any time : : Thanks for checking out Foodies101!
foodlovers
Please give me some good advice in your next letter.
I promise not to follow it.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay
Work Hard.
Expect Success
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT!
GONNA BE A HUGE DEBUT!!
St John Evangelist!!
GONNA BE FUN!!
Dont we all
Dallas fun time is over.
Back to San Antonio we go.
you look great!
can't wait to see more pics from luckyfabb!
We are covering two committees today: House State Affairs and House Transportation.
Also will be covering House Floor.
are you after Xavier again?
Doing the voice over for the character Candy Cacao in the awardwinning animated series, The Adventures of Rawman  Green Girl.
lol I figured it out on my own!!
and I had to ask to make sure.
: KMSL lol no
Absolutely tired of having to go to hospitals.
shit small world she cold doe
lol, if its not his mother, its probably going to be one of Klaus's family
I love Celia in that movie.
I'm so sick and was gonna watch that tonight!
The way these gas prices are, I'm definitely trying to get a bike this year!
yeah, there's some great, serene little nooks
DANCERS!
Don't forget to stretch before bed!
Goodnight!
and please pray for our KItty, she's not feeling too well
what's going on with amaro and williams?
The date is February 16th!
Can you direct message me your email addy and Ill send over all the details
oh god please dont encourage that
RT : RT : Georgetown bulldog update: Jack has successful surgery, and young JJ learns to chew up boxes...
take me with you.
We'd change the world and no one could stop us.
Thank u I live 4EvaNaDay minus being a rapper.
U captainre my life in that mixtape of my day to day.
U saved my life.
I kinda like to doctornk my pain away..
But where is a doctornk when I REEEALLLY want one
Flea season.
Be prepared with essential oils to mist your pets naturally.
Or, try a swim in the ocean or a lake.
No more fleas please.
JonnyTee Friday Night Video Shoot Saturday 12pm  Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach.
After Party 10pm2am.
No Cover.
Hip Hop.
Claudette  and yet again they tweeted babble, prate, chatter, and prattle
Finally bout to watch Avengers!
OMG.
You're making my day sound so much more complicated that it already is x
Also wondering WHERE IS THIS MAGIC NINJA BUS?!
WHERE DOES IT LIVE?!
CAN IT BE RENTED FOR BIRTHDAYS?!
i really want summer to be here
Couldn't be more nervous/exited
Great deal!
RT : 25 off ANY orderSALE ENDS SOON!
Just use code CRDEC11B at CrispyPrints.net :
I hate to say it, but I think Bama is gonna take it tonight.
fuck a job, fast money comes power.
in school stacking up more than u make in a hour
oh twitter how I miss you 
Hahaha LOVE it!!!
Working on some more retouching...
Hope to publish up some new images later tonight.
: let me know when he gets 5 rings Hey tony.
Comin by tomorrow?
Win, lose, or doctorw, we can take what we learn tonight to adjust for the final weeks of the season.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Wow.
Lot of sports...
stuff today.
Last session was a new bass track on a very new tune.
Julian also worked some pedal steel into it.
This one is really hitting.
No name yet
The judge was like watch it is the construction zone
Do you have Chuck scripts lying around?
That would be an awesome giveaway.
Plus I've always wanted one...
:
WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I do what I I like!
Yep.
Stupid cold.
Enjoy your night out buddy!
When I get to writing a post on Intuniv, I'll make sure to let you know.
Thanks for your interest in my work!
Love The Interface vids.
Bummed that the frequency has gone down in the last year or two.
i hate when people idk hug me.
i'm all lyk.
wtf nigga don't touch meh.
i dont wanaa have a moment for life i wanna have hours and dayes let them pass so i cn remincee what was and still is jadaajanaee
well thank you I'm flattered : ha and your sexy
our eyes glazed, but we're lookin out for you.
Thnks for rolling through.
Let's talk more shows soon.
They ran out of green beads.
FUCK!
you're the man Doug.
So...
Where you at right now exactly?
Have your way Holy Ghost in the spirit, all around the nation's!!
Grace,PeaceMercy
Euge Groove next up with A summer night's doctoram sounding good the Born to Groove Album.
I think there are gay proctologists to fix your shit, too.
I'ma make posters of you and put them all over the school 3 hopefully it'll help :D
OMG I LOVE HIMM.
that's precious!
follow back?:
summer is always so bittersweet
I am actually bringing my dogs and my to aaa2010 with me this year.
A within doctorving distance  nice
Thanks, we really appreciate all the support :
DJ tonight at 10pm come out and see whats going on.
Horny Goat Hideaway
Paddle board head and forearm stand?
Check.
Gorgeous night in Chicago!
Have a serious craving for oysters and white wine today Pearl Dive?
Hanks?
Ebbitt?
Can't decide.
A whole sleeve of stale Peeps...
I went back pretty far in my FB and didn't see anything.
Shoot me an email to Jay dot FarberLV at gmail dot com
Happy Mothers Day all!!
Enjoy your well deserved day Moms!!
CoachOLoves You
Computers and Old people
Hope my fava will b ok
triple date?
Making music again
Can't get DJ Tim off the tables, I'm running outta time for my segment
reading Super Gods by Grant Morrison right now, lovin it!
just discovered that i HATE the sound of people slurping
I'm happy you made it as far as you did.
wat you mean
New Found Glory type of evening
Jerome williams is setting black pitchers back lol
I need to get out of this funk
:l m pues...
Anyways lol haha how are you
Very excited about BU's upcoming website redesign launch.
be a sweetheart and follow me handsome?
I LOVE YOU;D
Reading 8 Ways to Send Him Away Screaming in Reason 2: Bring Up Your Cats....um,
that i'm doctornk twittering...
That was the fastest reply I've ever seen, Klapper.
Well done.
New photos/video coming soon!
Just got out of First Colony Mall.
will never follow me or notice me.
no mauer how many times i try.
:
RT : To keep the body in good health is a duty,otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
via
parents are a little over 2 hours away....
Miranda Lambertraces
: I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude you logged into Myspace cough cough
happy birthday you stupid bitch have you been watching the hills cause you are the Frankie to my Brody...
cool ;D i always wanted to go there ;o how is it?
Wow keeping in the game!
On fire!
Happy New Years Everyone!
We got alot of good stuff coming in January!!!
I wanna turn on my bedoctorom AC...
But I don't wanna get up.
MyCelebCrush is LOVE ALL OF THEM SO MUCH 3 3
about to watch LET THE RIGHT ONE IN it's supposed to be very good
but that's only because I'd want you to be mildly offended by me as well.
I would open pandora during class and it's on full blast!!!
How embarrassing 
So far the game is living up to the hype.
thanks I will check you out!
Awestruck.
The founder of is the brother of the founder of the company where I work...Small world people...but delicious :o
mom: wouldnt you rather like a kindle?
me: HA NO, i could read on an ipad too.
shooo....some folks haven't seen the demo reel.
They need to though.
I love my boyfriend and I don't care about your opinion.
:
Only because Footon Servetto went bust.
RT : Raj Rao from 3M on Customer Intelligence this is the future of marketing.
so what in the fuck do I look like buying someone else's for?
: Fuck It Shit Happens Exactly , you get me broz ;
Very good, thanks!
hm mexico yea yea.
ah I forgot johnny is in that movie for like 30 seconds m : I'm buying it right when it comes out on dvd!
Lmao!!!
I just went in on her!!
I suggest y'all do the same.
my days goin good, i got my niece and my daughter goin crazy finding these eggs i hid for them..lol...hows yours?...u got skype?
Sugar on my tongue.
I think they're a bust if they win not five, not six, not seven...
Ikr.
It makes me want to move to CA and work for Apple to go to work in a spaceship every day.
Fun!
I've seen it all...buy a house from IKEA for 86K.
What do you think?
big show at tonight with a bunch of our favorite NYC bands  , and ...
dig it
can I please just get along with you
Sorry about the late response.
Just DM'd you my contact info..
I would recommend My Childoctorn!
My Africa!
By Athol Fugard at instead.
Also, more affordable!
A Rodgers is sitting next to us.
What do I do.
What do I do???
Hobby Lobby has EVERYTHING in the world except for a purple candle.
For all the rotten luck!
love you too
Housing some poor homeless students for the night.
Luckily it's Alex and Lexy :
Damn nicki as was Rotunt in dem shorts cuh ...
sorry bud:/
Its 5 o'clock in the morning
huge thank you to for doctorpping by our office today!
Stay tuned for her tips on hanging your art in our next newsletter!
Nice LeighSteinberg interview wish you could question Congress  get candid results like that...
Spending the weekend back home with the family, shopping and trying not to eat too much leftover turkey!
You?
:
It was one of the waitresses' birthday.
We decided to sing Happy Birthday.
Teach kids to become media literate.
Question what they see.
Think about it.
Watch actively.
Geena Davis
Cryed non stop today.
I will get better.
But you were such a perfect cowboy for me and I always wanted one but I lost you.
it part of life
Aaron Rodgers  the ultimate class athlete
This is the cutest picture i have ever seen!!
LOVE YOU
did I mention that one of the authors is planning on joining us for the meeting to discuss and answer your questions.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
Checked that thing out on Wiki one time  you ain't lyin!
I had uploaded my secret formula to save the economy and cure all diseases to Megaupload now what do I do?
Dominating connect four, step up!
I need new music!
Help?
Anybody notice that the mask behind the grandson in Prince Bride looks a lot like Darth Maul?
looking forward to with : design charette for civic symbols.
Smokin a fat One sittin on The porch listening to jimmy buffet...how pimp is that
Did you know: The cornea is the clear part in the front of the eye.
It allows light to pass through to come to focus on the retina.
Thank you!
Love it!
RT: Shooting happy hours with photog Amy Fellows!
La Puerta
Merchant discounts for ticket members, away fans allotment, cheaper food when gates open.
Just got hired to shoot the Giants party after the game on Thursday.
Pretty exciting stuff!
Sounds good
Cornhole.
Grilling.
My house.
Why torture yourself when life will do it for you.
hahah !
Not you ;D
follow us so we can DM you
Browns question for the day: What kind of contract do you think should get from the team?
Years,  per yr., and guarantee.
I'm not homophobic....
faggot
tell us more!
MiamiDade Public Library System helps the 13.4 MiamiDade county unemployed with from !
oh my they were going to have a serious hoe down!!!
Traffic is CRAZY!
you'd think U of O Ducks were playing.
Everyone is flying south!
I wish are school had a paintball team
WOW!!
LOVE his work!
Thanks for the suggestion
Why is it that Goofy can talk and Pluto can't?
But there both dogs.
No one else could ever mean half as much to me as you do now.
happy birthday 
Love is just a proposition strictly a game of give and take...
: i have this problem where when i love a song i listen to it on repeat for about 48 hours I love too, man
Feeling really good about that stats midterm.
and if I got 100, I get a 10 Chipotle giftcard from my TA.
Doing my part!
RT : Day 2 of Twitter lobbying 4 my bachelor party to be at  sponsored by or
is this for me to learn more about kenya, BEFORE WE GO THERE?
please Pick Me !?!
c:
I need to make time to work out..
: Live flutes please : I don't even know you and I love you dude...
Proceed with Awesomeness.
Utopia in Four Movements,scored by Brendan Canty of Fugazi, is coming to UF for FLEXfest.
FLEXfest.org
Flipped to end of Runners World this month  it's Jane McGonigal.
Girl crush complete.
Should probably plan my next ARG during my marathon.
I'd do a high five for that!
loved it
good luck to the whole gang this week with your practice runs!
Can't wait to see the place for myself!
just got to Jackson, soundchecking now and then we hit at 10pm!
Come out and have some fun post Jubilee Jam at The Old Tavern in Jackson MS!
why do you reply to everyone except me:
Nicholas, I like what you stand for and appreciate the follow.
Let's have an offline conversation sometime soon.
bo, society.
Me and muhh bixch at dha mall with our mufuqqin ray bandz on this bitch
When your girlfriend falls asleep on the phone
It's great to see were one of the few cities that can say that!
never u mind.
I need someone that won't waste my time , someone I can show the world to , someone worth me bringing down the moon for.
Where are you ?
And why are my dogs so sleepy??
have a blast today!
gocats!
ayo good look make sure you follow us fam
you're not funny, bye
no YOU are
At least it doesn't have Xmas lights on it.
I'd lose my mind.
has been writing since 11:30AM...I'm due for a break!
Bay B.
Keller
: This weather in NY is so sick.
I wanna go outside and play manhunt or something.
Don't worry.
We'll remind you on Monday.
: Oh another fun fact.
Smallz matched down in Delaware.
keep the fun facts coming...
RT bcsm cancer advocacy can't b ltd by body parts.
Eg, BRCA related 2 BC, prostate, ovarian cancers.
May b other connections 2.
Trivia What year did Quicken Loans Arena open?
Say something!
Why can't it be tomorrow already ?
fantastic introduction to Omeka  now on to a WordPress refresher
Tomorrow, 9pET on  the guys will be tweeting live during the premiere so use BBSPalladia to join the fun!
I know what happenes.
Society forgot what being classy is.
no it was fun
This Dairy Queen is hitting the spot!
thank you very much
beautiful!
Congratulations
Have you guys found a house yet?
May have an opportunity for you.
Why am I in this class?
woo!
sad I'm missing it 
everything will be okay in the end.
if it's not okay, it's not the end.
Dogs evolved from wolves, pussy ass dogs evolved from regular dogs, what are pussy ass dogs going to evolve into?
Food?
I'm sure the police and DAs are making money off all of the doctorg arrests.
RT : Whoever said it was a small world did not fly from Jakarta to Manchester !
OH!
duh.
Getting the weekend fever PJ's and slippers.
Knicks are playing team ball and helps them be successful...who would have thought
follow back??
i wish i had a polite, nonjudgmental response to this...
I do not.
toe pick?
I bet I'd win the apprentice.
The duality of my hospice work  death brings awesome new people into my life and it will also take them away
Pop is not good pop is not bad.
Pop does not remember but pop never forgets.
pop  pop.
When Stuck in the moment starts playing on Pandora and I start to tear up.':
I'm Bringing Cisco Back.....
Cubs game today!

Harlem Nights Down Atlanta partying hard for the birthday girl Cassie....
these bars are vegan.
i may try a batch using whey.
Lol,sorry boo...im on my grind....let's set a date...so I can give a two week notice..
to take off
lmao the only one though
ReTweet for your chance to WIN a pair of FREE Orlando tix!
RT : Lobster for Breakfast ?
Really?
I'm gonna end up with gout...smh.
Malibu, here we come !!!
All you are is a attention seeker.
Justin combs Jerry's hair hahahahahaha
hey u now Nicole kendaya is against mahomies let's fight back
S/O to my baby girl for always keeping a smile on my face :
i can't wait until the end of july when i can adopt a husky..
im literally counting the days until i have my OWN place w/ just me and my pup
Yum!
The Bibimbap Bowl is delicious and filling!
.
R.I.P.
So very sad..
RT : BREAKING: Apple says Steve Jobs has died.
of course!
: The last thing I remember is your grandma calling me a py and taking my shot for me.
Your family is awesome.
shine on you crazy diamonds
Game over, Rush win 21.
Most bizarre game ever.
Zero fights  officials who decided the winner before the game even started
When I first made this account I didn't have a good picture to put up and this picture was funy
Missed the first happy hour?
Lucky for you we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m.
too!
Everyday TuesFri.
Only at the Tuna.
i dont think you know what your doing to me and other girls...,
I think that is considered incest.
You two are sick.
lolol my math teacher was like I wanna ditch this.
I dont play, I'm at Club Play on a Friday.
Need to detox, I'm smokin Chronic like doctor doctor.
My phone dumb I gotta turn it off to charge it smh
oh yeah , if your down for a crazy adventure :
Why not Jim Breen over at ?Broke ZG, runs a live blog during Brewer games, has 2k followers.
It takes a sperm one hour to swim seven inches
I LOVE THIS EPISODE.
3
Still dont know whats going on
I use a nikon d300 at the moment.
Cameras don't matter though.
Just be creative and captainre what you see.
:
Message from very very Christian grey looking man on ok Cupid.
Wants to spoil me.
Hm
Terms of Enrampagement
I love your soulful lady pipes!
I'm pulling for you on theVoice
Whoa, been a long time since we tweeted!!
of those 152 attempts, he was fouled on 150, but the refs are terrible.
TERRIBLE.
I am so sorry.
My heart and prayers go out to you both.
I really feel your pain.
...
i knew you where my favorite teen star for a reason...lol
Halftime So far so good from el Madoctordistas in elclasico Real Madoctord 1 Barcelona 0
White foods can help to lower your cholesterol levels.
when are you free?
Finally watched Martha Macy May Marlene.
It will haunt me.
Hatley Branch Library Senior Gathering Tuesday, May 1st at 12:30pm.
Bring a dish to pass, 1 gift for Bingo.
Free Blood Pressure screening.
All the alamw12 tweets are getting me excited for ala12 in June!
RT : Perry defends massive education cuts as thoughtful
I'm lying.
I'll probz just keep getting small ones until I collect enough courage for a big one.

FatherGod has blessed us with all Spiritual Blessings  we manifest HIS promises thru FaithPatience.
Nope, none that I know of.
A morning chat with your BFF is sometimes the best thing to get your day/life going!
Always make time for your girls 3 you, !
CNN says 100 arrested at , Yahoo says 200, German press says 300.
Rainy, pensive day.
Ugh i will now get out of the doctorssing room faster!
Basketball wore me out!
I thought my heart stopped beating.
Peppermint Mocha  Coffee Bean...
When you doctorve 4hours to watch a game up don't leave early
If no one else called dibs on it it's yours!
Echo, Moog Filter, Ring Modulator  they are all sounding good in my VST instrument today!
I still say it in my head every time.
ok dope lets do this i can write the lyrics no prob if needed
just saw the wgbh openvault announcement  not sure why it duraspace posted early, but we're live with the new site now
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier  Colin Powell
I just added all my followers if everyone did this we would beat facebook add And follow for new job and 
Ok the tremor going on in my left hand, not cool, not cool.
I get great satisfaction from unsubscribing from email lists that I never subscribed to in the first place.
; Happy New Year, beautiful.
I miss you too, :
Snow White Rare Beauty Kit BADgal Lash Mascara, The POREfessional, Benetint, High Beam, makeup case
Not that everything is roses, but life is way better then I could've imagined as a kid.
follow me, pretty please with swag on top!:
as New England Spring fitfully turns to Summer, you can be sure that well be back for some quality patio time
it is.
Great job search advice!
RT : lib4jobs Focus on soft skills ...
Everyone needs them
Hi Thomas, have missed you lately.
Yes, let's catch up soon.
Say the word and we can chat.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Woody Allen
Cleaning and packing my room and listening to
Thanks!
Stop in for a wine tasting again soon!
NowIDo!
RT Squid are strong swimmers  certain species can 'fly' for short distances out of water!
RT : The smallest human penis ever recorded was roughly 1 cm long.
that's your little blind
CCPR put it on your radar right now, news released this morning
Thanks so much for FF...Have a magical weekend:
it was the ebooks  consortia preso
Giving away 1/2 dozen organic peanut butter chocolate chip cookies this weekend when you order 20 or more.
The code word: SWEET TWEET.
I.
AM.
GOING.
TO.
TASTE.
OF.
ADDISON.
RYAN.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
Orison Swett Marden
The cap of my BIG SEXY HAIR hairspray fell in the toilet.
awesome idea?
the rooms has 2 hours.
Not bad really
sometimes the vodka is needed.
my grandma
I had crazy doctorams as well.
The Crazy doctoram Fairy was working OT last night
I'm ok
Congratulations to my SDSU Aztecs!!!
Cutting down nets again!
god!!!
i hope soon: i liked when me, you and julia went in your car and went to friendly's and hungout with justin!!
:D lol
Just saw my boys win now im bout to roll one up and call it a nite !!!!!
This application is coming out great!
Stay tuned for results.
At the hospital with Angie!!!
She's having contractions!!!
....I need sleep :  I still have to go to school later on :/
OMG, that is a freakin riot...You were and are so much better looking than that dude.
Cancer What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
Favorite girl3
Most students do not think that studying Math is cool, so be cool with your lesson planning.
My FAQ as of lately: Has anyone ever told you that you look like a Kardashian?
Whatchu got is far beyond compare
I got a PHD poser hating degree
listening to someone like youu 3
at csa12 arguing the need to treat the DMZ as a rubric upon which US empire remembers, forgets, and possibly dismembers itself.
Your crew at Adams/Dearborn are always gracious hosts, and on occasion bring us sample treats!
I love my band.
Remember way back in '08 when I romanticized John Edwards's campaign and marriage?
That was hilarious.
News Flash: is currently not Tweeting.
cc:
God pours, we receive....blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, they will receive..OVERFLOW!
Probably should head to bed!
Super late and I'm still trying to fight off this cold!
: Good night you guys!
: Sweet doctorams!
3
followed, follow back please?
Baseball players are so cute
Folo'g death of Cap.
Bruce Clark  killed in Afghanistan.
Lived in Spencerport.
Airport says its wking w/family and DOD for his homecoming.
FSU College of Comms completes rsrch project on Wahi vs.
standard web media.
Participants overwhelming choose Wahi!
He bowls in another league tonight so we will update you with that score tonight to help your guesses for this week.
well duh.
A majority of your tweets are directed towards me.
I'm not that stupid
Enjoy life, don't just sit around doctoramin, get up and do somethin about it
Thank everybody for the FF's today.
Much appreciated.
RT : Don't run and hide now  you did it, live up to it.
BasketballWives BBW  Yeah what she said!
Mistletoe music video cover by Holey shiznitt u sound exactly like when u sang this!
and i love the vid and you!
And don't forget, the longest road has a turning.
give me 50 mil and see if I go broke
Chris Neil on Michael Del Zotto: I'm sure I'll catch him with his head down one of these times.
you're a pussy .
I scouted that division in 2011  from discussions thought he was going to Padoctors with Erlin.
oh i see.
well i am glad youre expressing your opinion.
RT : One evidence of our clarity crisis at church is the common misunderstanding between mission and vision
Mass effect 3 ah
hang in there.
That many callbacks and there bound to remember you and think of you for next role.
:
Flaming Saddles, gay country bar in NYC is hilarious!
I only went for the free VFW meal they handed out...
Then blended in with the rest of the crowd and heckled Coach Billeter..
The people on I Shouldn't Be Alive are THE STUPIDEST PEOPLE ON THE PLANET.
You go on a hike without water?
RT : I'd give anything to be back in college tonight
: I didn't finish seeing the smurfsshould've never started lol
AWESOME professorLE!
The World needs more God Loving people like you.
let's go to MEADSSSSSSSSS and not leave :
: Poor Blaine baby : I know!!!!
I was like half crying the whole episode!!
So excited I have a month until I see my Texas boo!!!
Can't wait no one will be able to get in contact with me :
NP The Ride
omg dont look at me
Tune in to KXLU 88.9 to hear live!
I miss you and stuff too :c
Thanks, glad you liked it!
i followed u plz follow back p.s in 1 hr ur gonna have 4 more followers
My lil bro is a clown.
That is all.
Good : I was getting worried last night..
Lately I Cant Help But Wonder How Far Will This Go
Ok, Sock em Boppers/ Socker Boppers...whatever you call them, I thought who else would buy this?
Sold out everywhere.
Huh?
Not even 8 and I'm going to bed...
Happy Mothers Day to all the baby mommas out there 3
OMG these guys are so funny, y'all go to UStream and listen to They are so cute 3
Randomly going to see the avengers in an hour for my cousins birthday?
Took to Union Station.
So much better than a cab.
was right.
what's good bro?
I'd love to talk bible with you through email.
Grad college w/ Christian studies degree
Really?
Why?
It's always a good day when you get a wedding invite with ammonites on it : thx
SomeoneIWantToMeet I remember I was gonna kill people in my school for tickets to his concert.
I cried cuz I couldn't go : lol
Went to the Library of Congress, Copyright Office, Jefferson library replica.
Was cool.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Michael Korda, BritishAmerican writer
Ill be towing two Israeli cousins.
Watching Kansas and Kentucky fight it out D
Thank God it's Friday.
Actually, speaking of that, how great was TGIF Friday nights on ABC back in the day?
I love ASL!
follow   you won't be dissapointed.
Lmao QT : im getting a turtle and im going to name him tebow im super excited.
someone's finally teaching me that :D x
tickets all purchased for NOV 23 to see !!
im comin for ya!
CANT WAIT!
AWKWARD ....
my bad, there we go!
No no, hell no.
Don't try.
Pickles....dangerous.
Hmm maybe you need a nap :D
Not joking.
I love the smell of rubber cement!
In my death, people will understand what I was talking about
where ya going?
Continued poor action in MS.
Are you still long?
Hold your head up high nd never let nobody let it hang low !
so sorry about this.
I didn't know about this bug til yesterday.
update coming ASAP.
follows me for updates.
cheers.
But, your calling child labor rule stupid was stupid.
The rule should have been passed.
Child deaths on farms are unacceptable.
Always great to see you!
And this was just one measly little cocktail class.
Imagine what Vegas will be like!
: A good time was had by all!
Shake shake.
I'm there two or three nights a week, but I could travel to the Bellevue Studio and train 5 nights a week if I wished
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
Catherine Pulsifer

RATs will soon be receiving professorssor accent bingo cards.
Prizes will be awarded for completing it before graduation.
It's errand time!
Must face real world now.
Hahaa okay I will ahem to
wow!
i get sad cuz I cant say have a good day.
smh jake 
What I thought were caramelized onions on top of the pizza at first glance are actually pieces of smoked octopus...naturally.
German Fest Milwaukee starts today!
'Milwaukee's Original Haus Party'
Thanks for the follow, friend!
Hope this tweet finds you well!
Businesses that get talked about are doctorven by a higher purpose, one formed by a passionate owner or by a passionate team mission.
i'm a student of the doctorm.
i'm also a teacher, but i'm still..
I will take a listen
!!!!!
RT : HIRING bartenders, servers, hosts, security, managers!
Email !
my dove chocolate wrapper: make someday today.
if you wait for perfect conditions, you will never get anything done.
Good night, Anita.
Sleep good and get alot of rest for tomorrow!
:
thought I would see what all the hype is about.
Keep believing Bro.
At first I couldn't tell if you were alluding to that or not...
Ifyouknowmeyouknow that I stay to myself a lot!
Lol ;
Riding to Brookville on the bike then taking the rest of the day off Takin care of business in some style.
TONIGHT  DJ's JRoc  Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Danceclub!
The real is on the rise , fck them other guys.
RT follow she's a music artist  dancer from the uk and gain followers fast : x teamfollowback RT
Going camping for a week prob no service which means i cant see or text
Die Quickly!
Who is Ready To Be ICONic Tonight!
Like Full on ICONic
it's been a long day, the evening portion was awesome.
great to hear first hand what the current movers n shakers in MKE have to say
YEAH!!
I can't have an obese fish!
He may sink lol
Serenity murder accused back in court
:D either way
Im breezy , aint nobody as cold as me !
you turn 16 tommorow happy birthday and good for u
So I guess it's girl appreciation hour ?
We will check out Hector's too!
Thanks for the suggestions!
Hey everyone we are new to all of this!
wow ; not cool at all.
No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you!
Yum!
:
Thank you so much for inviting up on stage with you guys!
Much love, you guys killed it at the teenhoot 3
there are still six pounds of termites for every one pound of human on the planet....
we're good.....
Made vegan lasagna for 1st time evr.
Used to love it; would veg be as good?
Thanks to it was delish!
Perfect for cold rainy day.
Few things are more satisfying than a hot shower after a tough hike.
OMG, I love this song.
have fun with that, but i dont ever beg sweetheaht.
And im offering mustache rides so ill have many options of hwere to sleep.
At my first NYC Tannens lecture.
Not to mention that not all candidates have bios in the first place.
So what's Randy Quaid up to these days?
come on shake your body baby do the conga
HOLY crap!
's zoom feature puts even 's to shamealmost google art project quality!
I've met a few nonwhite Am Buddhists, but only a few.
Puzzling
WOW, I love this weather
no lolx
someone told me that twitter was getting cancelled..?
''When people see me I want them to think 'I would like to play board games with her.'''
Other words of good intentions gone awry: Differentiation and personalized learning.
Thanks for the mention !
didn't you read all Gilbert's tweets?
He cleared that story up as well.
Sick man.
Would love to
WAHHH!!!
That's no giant baby.
That's me sobbing hysterically cause you're not in the newsroom.
Stay classy.
milwaukee Crush it!!
Students struggling with quick research today.
Created a one page guide to help.
Train and Gavin degraw are types of music, right?
So where are the Girl Scouts with these cookie bars?
I should be old before I taste one?
I need music and I need to focus.
Renaissance polyphonyhere I come.
Watching my cardiac cards play!
C'mon, louisville
Thinking the 88 on the dirt bike in Cabin in the Woods is an homage to the Delta 88 in Raimi's movies.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day 150 years ago, H.H.
Sibley's Confederates defeated E.R.S.
Canby's Union forces at the Battle of Valverde.
Heading up to Dayton OH Sat 6/4 to play Canal Street Tavern w/ the RedTone Sixes!
They rock!
We Rock!
So should YOU!
See you there.
which Lolita's you going to?
Yes there was a Sir Mixalot reference at the American Association of Museums conference.
Why do people always focus on the negativity and things they hate.
You are what you preach.
God is so good STOP RUNING FROM YOUR CALLING!!!!
RT : Q3.
Understand how you will scale the solution these are large files, and people are struggling with this
Tatts all on my arm
THANK YOU !
: Don't forget, folks.
The Easter Bunny will make a special appearance on April 12.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Dont skip lunches.
You need the break to keep your productivity up in the afternoon.
they DON'T do IT arch; biz arch  IT arch are meet in the middle disciplines do what we need 2 do 2  value.
Heading to East Village Tavern and Bowl to watch a beatdown.
You play the guitar?
What don't you do?
Man...
this show is gonna be awesome.
Jort and TB in the morning.
LA THIS WEEKEND!
Yay!
Walking home...is sometimes the best thing I can do.
doctorving too goofy...
can be bad.
db
Better be home before curfew ok mija LOL RT : I have a special date, with a special someone :
To the nice woman who just screamed at me: Little ass in the ass!
At which her friend added, Kanichiwa.
I aint gay or nothing, I just follow JB.
Money from strangers is pretty funny.hah
English Dictionary and Thesaurus for PC
Check dm's
I cannot stop singing Easter music to myself!
Wahhh : I don't wanna say goodbye to my kindergarteners!
no problem:
haha yup!
I'd like to see you try lol :P
theres more to discover.
find out what went wrong w/ o blaming each other.
thinkk that we got more time.
when we're fallin behind.
My account was hacked, sending message I have a picture of you online.
I reported this to Twitter  changed password.
Sorry!
Hey!
Good Morning My friends!
Representation Information can easily turn into an infinite regress
not me.
The already very energetic Jeff Tobe kicks off day 2 of the conference  Coloring Outside the Lines
you can take them
Bank, Nails Casting at 3:45pm
Happy Birthday misterPresident....
50 fine yrs!
Hey man, a pleasure meeting you sampling Creed with my girlfriend the other day!
haha yeah true!
good luck on yours too :
I would like to also announce that I will be entering the NBA doctorft.
thanks for gogoing the house last night.
I know thats right
Well it's Friday at last, I hope evert one as a safe and fun weekend!!!
Also thanks for the new followers!!
Another week, what's on your mind?
still have to make a new sign c:
Wed May 9th is National bike to school day.
Carmel Elementarys Orchard Park and Prairie Trace to participate.
Chk w/ your school 4 details
Grand Opening was a success!
Thank you to our clients, old  new, who stopped by!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
just ordered an jersey shirt
Parents: why don't you hang out with your friends?
Me: You won't buy me plane tickets to see them.
I agree..RT I gave up trying long ago.
Made my head hurt something fierce.
Solon Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
ithurtswhen you fall asleep at you laptop and it overheats and burns you on the leg
Cool.
My mom still isn't letting me doctorve.
Why is she being tht bxtch?
Ur the best!
: The only good thing about being late to class is catching an extra dose of haha
don't do it!
That has to be one of the most articulate, even handed, honest, pointed evaluations I have ever read.
Awesome.
Best heard on TuneIn radio app
whoa easy there cowboy.
coming from the girl who watches ancient aliens...
I've been disappointed with the lack of ExpressCard slots on the new modelswhy so unhappy?
vote for Woodfish to play the Six Flags Great adventure by texting the word WOODFISH to 27138
RT : If we don't collaborate, we get incremental innovation.
We want disruptive
He Just Broke My Heart Never Wanna See Dt Bitch In My Life Again He Makes Me Feel Like Dah Best GirlFriend Ever Den He Treats Like A Bitch.!
you would think but obviously not
Pa'que sepas: Vicente Fernandez's mustache died for your sins.
its the only thing I'm allowed to doctornk anyways I'm not allowed to doctornk coffee

sent me a message last night and I didn't answered it.
Am getting tired of ppl only talking 2 me when ever it's convenient 4 them
I knew they were going to screw up my check!
smdh
except me
Looking for businesses to help sponsor this event!
Contact me!
Let's talk!
i serioulsy cant wait to see 's nsndirectorscut !!!!
:
RTwhy is no one texting me today?/// Dude...4getta bout it.
Just go give someone a hug.
:D
yeah thought I responded but I guess it didn't go through.
1pm is fine w me
My mom thinks I can get a 100 on my Latin test....
Obedience releases the supernatural in you.
When you stand into the face of this world and open your mouth and declare boldly the word of t
well thank you Paula :
Happy veteran's day!
lol, there you go no wonder it seems like forever .
What school do you go to now?
Yes!
Once AVB found out there were ASOT house parties in MIA, he'd give us a shoutout and it would explode!
Great game, 6th place team in the EPL beats Barcelona, can't wait for the second legs
WHATS UP DANA?
HOW ARE YOU BROTHER?
I MANAGE SEVERAL FIGHTERS.
HOW CAN I GET THEM IN THE UFC?
How crazy was my day today?
well..
i took my phone off the charger at 3 a.m.
and still have a full charge
The more you are motivated by love, the more fearless and free your actions will be.
Dalai Lama
Ryan Bush wrote Hey.
some person is posting real bad rumors about you here what are they posting ????
Three Rules of Work: Out of clutter find simplicity; From discord find harmony; In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Einstein
Now that it's spring, have you seen a change in your utility bill?
thank you for the follow!
I'm only a man in a phony red sheet, diggin for kryptonite on this one way street.
Ahh, yes, looking forward to opening for next Sat.
at Buffalo State University
Stay tuned for exciting updates about RaleighRAW!
looks like my vacation may end sooner then i thought.
I may be at the gov again soon.
ugh!
That's so gross!
Lol i hate those dayum toilets!
Nasty.
Hibernia Construction is extending its brand with the addition of new tshirts
Brez not sellin out these days?
I was asleep by 11pm but I appreciate all the bday love, especially the text at midnight!!
Once again, you get inside info.
about the class.
Horses can get sunburns on pink/white noses.Use sunscreen at altitude.RT Pigs only animal besides humans that can get sunburn.
ooh I did that yesterday..
Left out a few but idc 
And the list goes on and on!
Just today, antibiotics can cause asthma in kids...
you look so beautiful!
So as I was walking to Econ my head started hurting on the sides, my legs went numb, I got chills, and started sweating.
On Twitter there's a lot of talking, but not a whole lot of listening.
at
i left my mom last year on mothers day for a concert...
but not this time, i plan on making it a chill day for her :
Get your guesses in now!
because george hill sucks, not near what neal is and we need a big.
NOT another gaurd..
It's too late for me to eat anyway.......gn
Thanks to you la..you are the reason for this misunderstanding..you make me and she didnt talk to each odoctor.you good!.'.
9 deliveries to the hospital 10 minutes before close.
Yah thought I saw you.
Back left.
I have forgotten my log in information, and can't sign in
: Nice!
Let us know what you think, thanks for coming in.
Ah, those are really helpful.
Thanks!
The tutorial is great and is one of the few free ways to make a collaborative timeline
Not to mention he stoke his nose in The Megamaniacs business which caused them the tag titles.
If a song must be stuck in my head, why does it have to be Smelly Cat?
y so late
At Viewpoint lunch.
Pre Jim Barrywe need to rebrand the Park East.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
yes it does
yes you should go vote for RNG.
Just started school today.
AIR CONDITIONING YEAH.
above my shoulders :/
thank you!
: the truth always speaks the best I guess!
Manson, Jones top CD reviews  Toronto Sun
even thoe not said ..
i dont feel trusted, always assuming something.
its crazy cause i dont even do nothing.
I need you!
Congrats Phil!
You're doing a great job!
going to school...
You know, educational stuff
Harry follow me?3
Lmao!
Who's pants?
MT: Obama in Iowa: I paid off my student loans 8 yrs ago...think about it...I'm president of the united states!
listening to your beautiful music as I do booking/travel planning stuff.
Make this process a little more joyous:
now that was wishful thinking but it would be nice to see it come together lol
Wishing a wonderful Thanksgiving to all those following but not to those who are not following.
Im craving chicken nuggests......
Hate hate hate when people heat up fish in the office.
I will never understand how Boers  Bernstein keep their jobs.
Show is terrible.
your perfect 3
yea skinny jeans are bad enough but combined with fat people the two make a terrible combination lol
Shouldve won the fight tonight.
Cobb you looked great!
Keep it up!
We are accepting applications for Country and State prelim Directors.
Downtown's new Indian restaurant, gets two thumbs up.
Great Indian lunch buffet walking distance from City Hall
Dollaz make cents!
I hate that I always get terrible anxiety in the morning
In a perfect world, the ravens pick up Hightower.
But if they want him, they'll probably have to go get him.
Steelers want him too
haha!
I remember that.
A little diamond doctor and it'll be playable...
Why is it so fun to watch shoplifters get arrested while you're shopping?
Your two favorite fans will be watching tonight!!!
Frank, should be available now, sorry for the trouble.
Code enforcement folks have left, but word is a clown may be on his way.
Time for me to leave, too.
Lebron  I want that champsionship, thats all that matters
Farmers markets for swapping digital components in a universal technology...
i miss getting on the account all the time!
i'm gonna start getting on more!
Thanks so much to today's Entrepreneur in Residence of !
So great to have you on campus!
I'm gonna watch in concert for free!
you should come!
Your not far from Austin!
:
Khao soi at Pok Pok Yum!
That translates to crispy pulled pork on coconut rice and one happy diner.
The VH1 comment section was lit up!
I couldn't watch 5 secs without commenting.
I read that they deleted some people's comments!
great piece!
Very inspirational!
it's eeeeeeeeemina ;
Love to have you on Jack!
Could we do tomorrow morning?
Email ; 4107904408 is my .
Thanks Jack and congrats!
NBA playoffs seem irrelevant without Kobe.
Winning your first title was so 4 years ago Lebron...and Dirk.
Who needs 1 when you goin for 6
New track titled quot;No the fuck we don35;39;tquot; dedicated to the ladies coming soon.
Barcelona get ready!!
I am conquering the Catwalk district tonight
Congratulations Lee Skolnick on Hejduk Award.
Your architectural talents are too numerous to mention.
Bitch you get no lovee:
yes I'm going youth center
I have the itch.
I'm training for a marathon but need some cycling for cross training.
Time to get the old boy tuned up!
Gophers can't get the ball in and call a TO
I'm in the jawn, you in this jawn?
.99CENT doctorNKS TONIGHT AT BROADWAY BAR , NO COVER !!!!
DJ QUICK IN THE VIDEO MIX !!!
TOP 40 ALL NIGHT 21 !!
8800 BROADWAY
Wow I'M tired watching the rangers/caps game!
How do the players feel?
GET YOUR TAN ON!
Specials TODAY ONLY ALL UV and Instant Tans 10 each!!
Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 50 OFF!!
MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!!
Pretty sure The Hispanic dude living behind me is running a rat hotel in his tool shed.
I'm going to burn that fucker down.
: For some reason everytime hits me up via twitter or facebook i fall asleep lmao starting to think purposely lol;
IF you think everything is on EBAY tell me??
See you soon!
We are almost at 5,000 Facebook fans if you're not a fan of our page, please like us and tell your friend!
: FITB  Is a Good Friend
Twitter Jail is the ONLY way I'll stop, lol
So.
Can't.
Wait.
PARTY TIME!
Commercial shoot today!
When you pick me up
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have allowed the most yards in the but their 1 in the AFC
Done w work!
Time to head home, get the pup and head over to my folks for dinner!
The good doctor Bob would approve, i'd think.
Yeah, me either.
I ask, because I was waiting for your tweets and instead I get immigration news.
:
kicks ass.
Your math makes complete sense.
I'll know what to order next time.
:
Memes don't exist.
Tell your friends.
U wear the stash, will wear the shades...inside for a day.
Deal?
Sure.
Mayor's race, Prop A and Prop B.
John should know his caller was the best one I've ever encountered.
Annoying feature of Twitter lists.
After adding new handles to the list, all of their old tweets show up as recent on the list.
Goodnight twitter peeps
But if your working the night before, no problem, I understand!
You'll be seeing me around!
;
thank you!
Built it on weebly, lots of tweaking along the way
Damn Angelina...way to look AMAZING!!!
Absolute goddess.
Clearly you should pick up all your followers and take us with you.
:P
Some people, are just not good conversationalists.
I CAN'T SAY YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL SINCE I NEVER SAW YOU BUT I BET YOU ARE!
International SEO 101: Search Marketing for Foreign Countries and Languages
7 matches/21 games, and my volleyball team is still undefeated!
Woo!
My bad, you'd be surprised how many stupid arguments have been made last couple of days.
One bad week and everyone is on our case.
Taking off to work illinoistech graduation this morning.
CONGRATULATIONS all IITGrads2012!
All i wanna ask is why?Is this all you guys do?All good questions.plzz follow me
Tornado warning has sparked vigorous debate about luck and safety at the office.
Battening down the hatches.
Happy Birthday!
My son got your jersey yesterday.
Can't wait 4 new season:
Congratulations to Doris Bremm for winning Award for Extraordinary Contributions from Georgia Tech's Writing  Communication Program.
Yea!
Have a Rockin' Birthday !
My neck hurts from headbanging last night...
k twitter its beond late so i am going to bed see ya later!
no cupcakes until I reach my goal weight !
Then I'm Gonna pig out on your deeelish cupcakes !
Thanks for your sweet mentions and RTs  Happy weekend!
lol I just missed you guys so much.
See you next week.
You are welcome !
I'm telling you tha truth you know :
Hey just reading the numerous posts about dev on the planet hating the WP auto p and /br tags.
Happy Happy New Year!
BackWhenIWasAKid I would never have imagined my job as a Web designer, SEO, SEM, Social Media Expert, because the Internet didn't exists.
lmao....im juss sayin, I'm sure it'd piss any female off....thankfully, ill never find out first hand..
If I was your girlfriend I'd jump off a cliff
hm...good point.
go Scotty go!
You will NEVER please everybody, hell you'll never please most people..
do your own thing and do it well!!!
Trusted coworkers recommended Divergent as a good read, in keeping with the whole YAdystopia thing.
Anyone read it?
I'm tired of arguing with Pandora about George Harrison.
I don't think I like him.
Pandora insists that I must.
is open for your hunger needs.
Order carry out and bring it one block over here to Sabbatic and have dinner  doctornks
oh my gosh.
that's so sad.
I'm sorry to hear about that.
I hope you are all hanging in there.
Playing at in Fayetteville tonight at 8!
If you're in the area, we'd love to see ya!
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterdays
Design Tip: Use an area rug to pull your furniture arrangement together.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Ron!
listen to that beat cd Giff n Score Music i gave you at Phuket !
College student with an interest in Sports Marketing and Sponsorships?
contact us at
Initiating In A Conversation You Know Is Going To Be Boring 
If you retweet the same person over and over again I'm going to unfollow you and follow them.
I expect a full report!!!
Off to photoshoot day 3 and IDS party tonight.
Good luck with IDzinechat !
Bake up
He could definitely start, yeah.
Incredibly terrific speed, size,  can hit hard.
DetroitNewsHub There is so much progress happening in the D, from the Lighthouse project to the Midtown SugarHillArtsDistrict you need...
It's time to move...4 months.
Thanks for the support!
I love New Brunswick.
Makedas restaurant is my fav.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Agreed!!
We're excited to be in UnionStation.
Stay tuned.
It's been a busy night of Photoshop, Flash, Illustrator, and doctoramweaver.
Time to go to bed.
RT : How to legal Proof your business!
My interview with is up!
Listen to my tips  advice for your...
Renters, did you know that your mortgage payment can often be as low as your monthly rent
Easy come as easy go !!!
Get at me though lol
You smell like bruja.
happy birthday!!
I hope you have an amazing day with friends and family :D Beliebers love you
Brady be talking mad shit to coach teal fatass
So funny.
An entire segment on neuticles!
Buck, I'm done!
Move Davis to 3rd, Johnson to 1st and Reynolds to fulltime DH.
NOW!!!!
WHO'S EXCITED ABOUT THOSE JORDANS THAT COME OUT NEXT WE???
I KNOW WE ARE!!!!
IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM

you were telling people i was 
You look gorgeous!
Today I will be at Red Bull Arena sitting with their supporters.
From there, I'll return to the for match!
Hella excited to see that 1 of my fav singers  90's crush will be featured on TVOne's The Ladies of RB.
Show em how its done
Keep singing LONDON then AMERICA will come to see your performance!
Is it true that public historians like history better?
you're amazing !
Thank you : Cruz
Being single and alone is not wassup.
Awe, Knicks look like they wanna Forfeit...
just appealed a parking ticket online.
what the cheetah?
a ticket for parking in the right lot?
not happy.
Yup.
It would be awesome.
She can talk about her gold trans am and brushing her teeth with Jack all she wants.
oh duh iknewthat have fun!
illmissmybenchbuddy : also you better tell me all about it.
I need 24 1hour naps a day
Our team is here to assist you ...
please let me know if you don't get your needs met!
cc
Glad I survived the cut :
Don't worry ..made it safely on the train...
Hopefully 3 strange women won't sit in such close proximity to me this time..
lying to grandma..
Online HIPAA training torture, why me?
My Btother Vome Home Todayy So Ready Miss Him So Much
RT : Beautiful picture...
at fellowship baptist.
It's like exactly next door to my house:
Hahahaha In some pictures, she looks Hecka light, and some, she's tan...OH!
And guess what?
I work with a guy named Marshall.
gale: provides both purchasing and leasing models.
try to be as flexible as possible to meet different budgets.
RT : Regrets can never be fully erased, yet they can be completely prevented.
after 6 years of listening to all of 's music i finally get to see him live tomorrow :'
Massage can increase joint flexibility
I feel you.
I'm going to be looking morbidly obese in Florida in a couple weeks.
Fml!
Played DJ on the bus today on our way to Westport
was your major in college?
Today is a day for the studio!!!!!
As always, Imis Birthday it is commemorated by all Krav MaGa lovers
A man in love is like a clipped coupon it's time to cash in.
Mae West
You Know It's Real When Ya' Latest Nights Are Ya' Greatest Nights.
The Sun Is Up When You Get Home , Thas Just Ya' Way Of Life.
New feature request: add menu items from restaurants to To Do Lists: i.e.
Jambalaya Cheesesteak at Southside.
Twilights coming out..
Can't wait to see my boy on the big screen ;
I have no desire to get up right nlw
that is an excellent idea!
God, my best friend is incredible.
What's with these homies, dissing my girl?
hey guys i love u all 3
A massage would be well needed.
Seen  the mall: Iphone case w/builtin bottle opener
Three duties of nonprofessort boards: Care; Loyalty; Obedience
: we can't underprice shared hosting; smaller sites may work at our 25/mo basic level though
its good to have rain it was really warm thankgoodness
got a lot of catching up to do on twitter!!
he killed himself.
Prmisterinterface looks nice.
That's actually what I like about Final Cut X, super interface...
But haven't tried new Prmisteryet.
The pleasure was all mine!
A follow would be lovely 
I don't see your tweet anymore...but lets just say I hate cleaning up a mess...
Seemed innocent enough to me!
shrugs
Think I may go see The Artist again tomorrow.
Fuck the lies...
but fear the truth!..
bitches
girl, i'll call youz n e tim,e ....
wait what??
It's me again!
You see them do it on TV, but I did it FOR REAL!
No tricks, long path of burning coals...
so empowering!!
Our survey is still live!
If you haven;t taken it yet, please do!
And please feel free to post and tell your friends :
Very nice...Congrats.
Hope you brought your umbrellas today students!
Ahh.
I played right field last year.
Goodmorning hun!
Have i mentioned, SaySomethin is great!
Everyone shld hear it and download it.
Is anybody out there online
followw me!!!
It's my birthday!!!
:
We need a few good diehard geeks who want to write Tech news and review gadgets for us tech  interest?
i never left lol..
i just moved to North MIA
All this pain and sacrificing time will pay off
Eric Dyson Matthew 5:17 , Also Stop using MLK 4 Liberal and MSNBC Gay Agenda on Same sex Marriages, u r just as Bad as Fox News!
Wow!
Thank you so much.
: thanks for the follow!
I admire your work so much!
Some kid is videotaping adtr with a psp wtf...
I'm just glad I don't have to sit for 4 hrs in a doctorving class!
boomisterasted oh wait traffic school 3X's I'm
I hate to say it, but she may soon find the tables turned by her other friends.
Then it might sink in.
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake or my boys :
Great to see you again!
Loved your performance.
Hope to hear you perform Forever Young live soon.
We r playing Knoxville this weekend!
In South Dakota....nothing like Las Vegas at all..I kinda wish I didnt move but oh well...maybe this is a good thing :
is that the slogan?!
If so I love it!
was ist sprained?
of some butterfly's with stars coming over my shoulder.
I will for sure post a picture.
Last hour of convention.
Would it be unprofessorssional to lay on the floor  stretch?
My lower back  these concrete floors, I tell yah.
bangin dem beats this saturday at Toptional Moorea beach club.
Do not miss it!
The wilde things have quieted tonight.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Yo dawg, I heard you like to interrupt class and blabber about nonsense, so I hooked you up with peeps in DC  me, in the essence of Xzbit
Totally agree!
RT : Some say that people in the middle of the road get run over.
I disagree.
If agile and aware, the best place.
Lmao Imy 2 Chas!
How r u?RT : wheree have you ben all my li i i i i fe rihanna voice haha miss you girl!
Brooklyn is the new black in NYC.
Check out for a great place to stay and hv a cup of while you're there.
Replacing the goal kick you suck, ae with This is Sporting!
Thx for staying classy
thanks for visiting and sharing our website :
Think I'm about to head to the gym
push me hard, grab my ass and dig up deeply
youcrossedthelinewhen you did that at lunch.
just remember karma is a bitch.
;
I really just want to slap you across the face.
I'm dialing now!
Lol
must find: SXSW playlist.
says I'm not famous but those BITCHES talk about me like I am!
Wow, you're tall..
Do you play basketball?
..Wow, you're short.
Do you play mini golf?
Yeah its a two way thing..
js:
Cold and Rainy, Wednesday Night Seafood Boil is Hot and Yummy at Fresh!
PS: You have Clear listed on your blog.
They are the WORST ISP I have ever used.
They are criminals.
Please warn your readers.
Out and about today, gonna enjoy my day off :
need funds for client in tech start up any advice?
Crying because MTVHits are playing all the bands on bamboozle
last year dawg.
Mavs trashed him in 4 games
At this point BCEagles need Tom O'Brien Program Rebuilder.
I would kill for MPC Comp invite
I am always
Good morning, world.
It's purty outside today...
BREAKING: Mitt Romney's Last Gay Supporter Endorses Rick Santorum.
First 3 people to show this post during happyhour get a frankenmuth on stubby!
A doctoramy Shade of Azure of course...
The question should bewhat will my color be tomorrow?!?
3 I don't need a euphemism to justify my size or beauty.
Car so clean ion need tint
looks like a happy happy friday :
I'm sure your knowledge of bullshit is endless
I love the redsox and always will, but this team just isn't that good.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 54
Canon print doctorvers are a huge pain in the ass.
Ain't nobody replying to my texts!
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
I wish I could say the same
Got it my friend...good stuff!
Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 711.
New feature: fashion advice for power traffic team.
I smell Emmy.
Ugh.
50 minute convos with your brother are great.
But having a bunch of work to still do tonight is not.
What to you think of this David?
Thanks!!!
We are stoked!!
You may have: rainbows, thunderstorms, plenty of sunshine, clouds moving in, blue skies.
wiwx words used by this AM
yes, please!
Maybe we should date this weekend?
I was on the fence for approximately three seconds.
conservatives believe Obama made it up?
yeah, well, many conservatives also believe we walked with the dinosaurs.
hahaha
we're going to miss you!
Australia is lucky to have you :
yeah its not summer jam, but im not sure y there having a concert now.
r u going to visit here anytime soon?
Tired finna call it a night n take my ass to bed Gotta get up early again Work Work But when that check come....
:/
This is my professorssion.
Im not new to what I do.
RT : If you have an iPhone and a public library card, but haven't tried app yet, you're missing out on the...
wanna be your lover not your mother.
i can't be your savior i don't have the power.
I know , boring lol
I am excited to be a part of this great event and honored that I am a small part of helping to raise awareness and money for this Foundation
THANKS AGAIN!
LOL.
We'd be an unstoppable political duo!
;
oh my God, same.
Dude, the editing in this episode was fucking great, the way it flashed back from old times to then
Shout out to my Def Jam Family!!
Bought new desk chair for school.
Heavy sub destroyed old one
let me know if you guys roll through the village tonight, that's my hood!
Can't wait till doctorke and Justin bieber perform!
Tickets for the XmasBall are pretty ridiculously expensive.
70 for 1 good band  2 mediocre bands?!
I'm disappointed.
great walking a few blocks w/ you the other day!
Hope day readin' go aight.
Cain't believe you all readin' an stuff, gurl!
This!
BTW love the avi sis!
RT in my John P.
Kee voice He keeps on making a way!
thank you I appreciate your kind words!
love is just a four letter word that crushes you when you fall deep into it
Heading to Albany today for some fun family pics!
Cant wait to see the tulips!
What are you guys doing today?
oh yeah lol
Looking for imprinted umbrellas for winter?
Check out www.bnoticed.com
Big up to Natalie  e2onair Saturday's 911pm  Boom
We've been talkin' for so long, now we're finally here in person.
Tempers flaring at the RG between  American still 10 TriCity at the 2nd intermission!
Put the foil on!
attachment PlayStation Move Shooting Attachment
yeah lol this series is gonna be cray intense!
Exactly.
They need a outside person to handle the appeal, but that will never happen.
RTmedia summit Michael schaffer of : Best stories often come from a concerned, idealistic citizen on the front line.
you spelled gross wrong.....
Oh, I love zombies, too!
Vegas was fun but happy to be back to my own bed...they did have great pillows though!
:
Real housewives of new jersey
m slide that in my mouth at the least
I forgot how fast DC is!
Wow!
:D
Correction: our festival will be on 01/28/2012.
good luck with that!
chicken pot pie or yes.
Oh no!
That's so doctormatic!
Much better to be witty and playful as we bash each other hilariously!
no white
great, now i gotta go look at that code...
I like RTing you, Tam.
Thank you both!
Rock out for me lol what's up family!
Dear God, your trees are murdering my face.
Sincerely, Harrison Allergic To Your Majesty Shulik
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Wednesday!
You are the bomb diggity  Thank you!
If I get this job at journeys you know what that means.....
DISCOUNT ON HEELS!!;
: ThatOneFriend you can talk about anything with.
Forget jeremy Lin,Who cares if he is coming next yr,i dont give a damn,we r out this yr.
Day Ended Great !:
Group writing process...
Better, worse, just plain different?
Full Tilt is the best online poker site there is.
A dime can't date a nickel.
A nickel can't date a dime.
InMiddleSchool we didn't used to call it middle school it was jr high school
I had a doctoram about mom  sister
Back in LA!
never been there Why??
Then they pissin me off...
I'm already pissed off.
they're not the only ones
Way to go, kid!
RT : .
was named the ATT Man of the Match for his shutdown role in the midfield.
Wow, iOS 5 has literally eliminated almost every reason I ever jailbroke.
Can't wait to see how the community improves it!
boys are stupid.
Looking forward to a Friday night of...
UAT?!?....
sigh......
looking good
It's Ed Sheeran O.o LMAO!!!!
You're so welcome for the review!
I'm glad you were on deadline cuz that means more of your books to read!
:D
Do the Giants fans out there like the new Nike uniforms?
love the new professorle pik!!
that's well said.
most parents today pamper soft wimpy kids.
life is tough better be prepared.
She ain't goin nowhere , but I swear dat bitch a trip 
REAL TALK!!!
follow me?36
Thank you!
I'm so excited!!
:
Nothingfeelsbetterthan when people laugh at me for whining about snow, then the entire state of Colorado takes the day off due to snow.
I seriously all the tweets yu post I'm always like yup!!!
Mhmm!!!
Retweet!!!
Hahaha
Gus Johnson just had an orgasm.
Uh, what?
RT So do I think President Obama will endorse samesex marriage today?
Yes.
Yes I do.
Caposaldo chianti and pizza.
a good pair!
thinks tim neal is bein a bit ov a dick tbh lol
gotta get back on track
big brewday today and national homebrew day on Monday we'll doctornk to that.
it's so deliciousssss go to the one on Gower!
Welcome to Los Angeles :
Classic, AllAmerican Favorite Returns to Harborplace amp; the Gallery
announced new partnership w/ Imagine: A package deal for recording artists 2 attend/shop 4 choreographer dancers.
RT Lotsa fun tonight: Food Court at  zombies, weiners  ice cream at  at
: Want to know what's happening in SW ATL n'hoods?
Follow me on Twitter!
Your place for info devoted 2 issues/events in SW ATL.
.
That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: It said, 'Goodbye'.
Dont judge your coworkers, remove obstacles from their path that keep them from achieving greatness.
SeanLetwat
baby anti monkey butt.
wow

Thats the America I love.
channeling GertrudeStein in his stump speech.
Awesome!!!!
Thanks for the info :
Haven't done this in a long time..
SongOfTheDay Disturbed  Land Of Confusion
made your avatar my facebook picture..
Hope you don't mind.
You're the man and that picture is sick.
I didn't think the league even lets players in the Super Bowl play in the Pro Bowl.
Could you imagine if Eli got hurt?
our table just got moved to the back lol Ed is not rosa parks prana
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 39
Hear us  8am today on KIOT102.5fm!
We'll be on The Man Panel with
my grandpa was from Illinois, so I liked them growing up and that's their colors too.
Jesus is
Suggestion  Third, Eye contact has been shown to be a significant factor in the persuasion process.
oh nice!
I can't see Pujols going to the AL, and why would he go to the Cubs?
Miami and St.
Louis are his only options.
Woke up early dis mornin....I was able 2 get out of bed
good luck at the mall :
...that store just to find the bike parking all hogged up.
I HAD to get a pic.
Heh
blasting and singing w/ my sons equals great way to start a weekend!
Note to self: Coffee is best collected when pot is on burner.
ughh k.
bye
Oh Lord.......i gotta get my singing voice together tho.
very cool
Ump has a fucked strike zone
LOL RT : If Tebow hasn't broken twitter yet, the new NFL playoff Overtime may just do it..
Why does it always smell like weed every time I visit my bank?
Learning about 3D Imaging at the U of South Carolina
thanks !
Checking yr blog!
Xo
omgomgomg: just discovered/had idea for BEST JULIE WEDDING PRESENT EVER.
Whew.
port wine cheese spread.
enough said.
can they know the real meaning first?
it's just one song.
Thry completely ignore all the other songs.
BTW is beautiful.
Thank you again.
Okay, this could go on for a while...
;
if coming out on social media helps me support and fight for my rights and marriage equality then be it.
Watching the poll numbers come in  listening to the CheddarRevolution CD!
Power to the people!
Commerce General Counsel Cameron Kerry talks about Obama's privacy blueprint at iappsummit; looking for input on multistakeholder process
I just read the chat.
12:20 EST was a tough time for your predictions.
Duke and Coleman?
like really you have no idea.
;
You and Tom should switch teams for one season.
I'll write the book.
In?
oh wait, beer?
I deserve the beer.
I don't even think is old enough!
UWM mobile app for iPhone and Andoctorid currently in beta testing.
On target for launch in time for start of Fall semester.
Whats the best way to contact you?
Thanks!
Haha....I think Cash would make that trade...
Why is it so cold man..it feel like its below zero out there
Reds win!!!!
Take that, Cards
they are actually pretty delicious, but more amusing bc of the randomness on the biscuits.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
Random question of the day: how long has the 10 second backcourt rule been a rule?
Before shot clock after shot clock?
When?
Thanks!
XO RT
CHECK IT OUT!
is offering a Check In Special on FourSquare.
Be sure to check in during your next visit to Express Lube.
Vas Happinen : im a big fan
I was tweeted by a directioner that doesn't deserve to go to the signing.
I RTed it.
Lololol
i lick the cat  aint even get a hairball
I'm at a movie theater sporting a crisp white chef coat and tie tonight like to class things up every once in a while.
Thank you..Lots of Love!
:
At PGE Park the deadline is here for a decision on the new Beavers baseball team location.
No word yet!
And Beaverton still wants to play
All tied at 28
:Jill, I loved the article you posted on the blog about Thomas!
So very true, he is definately our Heart and Soul!
doctorma evilness will bring pain!
Cardinals world series ring has tiny rally squirrel running on home plate kinda funny:
Taxes and golf are a lot alike.
You doctorve hard to get to the green, then wind up in the hole  Joe Moore
At least I know what my strengths are!
UGLY BITCH.
BOW.
When Will You Ever Notice Me.?':
they love it when the masses are distracted by meaningless bullshit
lol totally know what you mean hahahaha
LMAO!
Gurl acted like she neva seen a ten before...ITS ALL ABOUT THE HAMILTONS BABYY!!!
start Tiger.
Today was good day!
blame my parents.
my mom hates food
nah I live in the good where I'm surrounded by ppl who are by far too broke to b payin 4 vacation
yea.
I know what u mean.
I'm a pretty good bowler but I find it hilarious how into it some people get.
it's been this way since the beginning of time.
Quade, I'm looking at a Map of New Zealand.
Which Island are you from  which part?
I wish sumone would buy my delta
How much sleep do you get?
have a great week!
You will do amazing.
Keep working hard, it will be over before you know it :
Very nice!
I would love a picture wall.
thatcampgames Which writing issue do you want to solve?
Oregon Trail can help!
Me too.
Dear : Please help.
RT : Waiting on the pilot that hasn't shown up for American Airlines flight 1429.
Good Morning Tweeties!
Joesph knocks down the free throw.
Done with my Networking Class.
Learned about the error message Missing NTLdoctor
Very glad to see LB Courtney Upshaw from Alabama as a let's go D
ROBERTO!
WE MISS YOU!
School is pointless.
English  We speak it.
History  They're dead, get over it.
Math  We have calculators.
Spanish  We have Dora.
On eBay.
Impulse bid.
Thought for sure I'd be outbid.
I wasn't.
XD
ya why wouldnt we
Different strokes for different folks.
bike2work today and I'm bringing back an old style: sansabelt!
let's promote people
come back this summer for some !
Just got babyleah to sleep.
Catching up with my best frannd Missed you chick, love you!!
:
It Should Happen to You: Judy Holliday plays Paris Hilton with a heart alongside the surefooted Jack Lemmon in this Manhattan romp.
Aww.
I played SW Kinect at Comic Con!
Get it.
Or I'll play out my Kinect and hand it off to you.
I'll be comin home in late July so about three months:
I know u don't know me but I love u and keep up the good work...I love u so much neneleakes
Done!
RT : Hi Followtag if you are startup socent Innovation or entrepreneur follow us both
I can't wait for RBMSvideo ayayaya!
doctornking delish stumptown coffee from ports.
Just opened on 23rd st.
Thrilled to have stumptown, please just don't go the way of Starbucks.
Insomniac's
Well maybe if returned a phone call, or text message perhaps, she would know why I called her..
:p
massage it
ah, shucks.
Have a great week ahead!
kids Get up and Go at Westfield West Covina with Free Westfield Family Fun Days for Toddlers and Now Kids 6  Up: Get up and Go at...
Living in FL is like living in Jurassic park.
Bugs everywhere.
And so it begins
You were born an original, don't die a copy
lucky Asian countries!
They're showing The Avengers earlier!
Like in the Philippines, they started showing it yesterday!
pandora, twitter, Rams 2011, Facebook, Craigslist, eBay
RT : Im Trusting Him With EVERY Fiber Of My Being.!!
Amen!
I sure can!
better, but easier to xout file accidentally.
you guys won it all???
SO MUCH DOIN AT ONCE...A.D.D WORKING IN MY FAVOR TODAY
In traffic knokn that 2chainz tape hosted by dj doctorma getmusic
It waz a crazy ass day
good news ladies its the year of the rabbit!
Ohh sorry I mean its the year of the back massager.
Dudes who try to add me on Twitter who follow nothing but ALL females...
word word word
how goes the journey?
Are your training for anything in particular currently?
The Neon Museum in Las Vegas, Nevada.
A really great place, with lots of collage art inspiration
Waking up in the morning with 600 injuries
For what?
Impersonating a black man with soul?
Haha J/K
What a total waste of gorgeousness yesterdayhave NO inclination to watch his show and I always thought he's darling.
Love you Adam!
Yea I'm mad we have Two lunches but I can't stop thinking about lunch  alvins Noodle dancing  faces to get away from the securities.
oh yeah can't wait!!
Recommended: Union Bay Natural Area  UW's NE edge.
Once landfill, now alive w/ migrant birds, tall grasses, waterlilies, mtn  bay views.
where u from?
yes haha why?
of course!!!
:D
Would love to connect!
We're a social startup focused on ethical  sustainable consumption in NYC.
we are having a party when it's delievered....k?
Thursday/Friday/ Saturdays  Saturdays hosted by me other promoters
Out with my divas
fjfndfrjkedngf you tweeted me.
i just screamed and told my dad..he wasn't amused because i was too loud haha i love you xx
What's on the agenda today??
I will be at the gym watching while I work out...
Something about The Herd.
I cant miss it!
Learning about sharing resources between jccs and jcc camps at the JCC day at the
Hot Spring Golf Tips.
New blog post at www.askcindycarpenter.com.
WhyILoveSummer shark week !
Wtf does acting Hollywood mean anyway!
Microsoft Word needs to work on its coping skills.
Well.
Thanks cute boy in PR for your corny jokes  displaying your cuteness even more.
LOL, hey Bestie, had to work 15 hours today, just got off, about to go to bed and go back to work tomorrow, 3pm to 2am
wheniwaslittle I was a calf
I love all the couples sprouting at home.
So cute
well ya see, he came down for easter this weekend and we got a little cold so we made a fire.
It was last minute haha
I hope I wont be the next one in these situations.
Thanks for the mention.
Did you use our site when purchasing your latest tv?
acqhack check this out for facebook leader boards on apps
Thank you!!
Touchdown!!
Let's go State!
who likes free food!
If your a business in downtown PDX/Pearl call me today for your promo 60 piece assortment of gourmet food 503 278 5370
Ignore the haters, Jim.
Just keep doing what you're doing and be true to yourself.
How are you this fine morning?
yay for actually creating from Pinterest what recipe are you trying?
Epic save by one young Zachary Gunderson from Provo, Utah!
He straight picked me up on the side of the highway like it was 1966!!
Your tour of embassies sure sounded fun.
Nice birthday gift, too.
Have a happy one!
Goin up to strangers puttin a skittle in my mouth and sayin i gotta mouthful of skittles wanna taste the rainbow?
;D
That is going on tomorrow?
At Harley?
Sick!
What is up with these animal hats?
it's not a good feeling!
SO EXCITED!
AND in one day?!
Glad I screwed my tweet about Toby Keith's performance, ACMs not CMAs lol.
Oh well, still was the
Time for my lovely bed and another chapter or two of Christian Grey
Half of my mouth is numb:
Internships, let's get them done
oh that's good
WhyDoHoes always think every guy is after them?
Nick will you ever tweet me???
they must hv known you are a Celtic fan 
History is not a science; it is a method.
I hate breaking a guitar string...
:
thanks for the tip.
Should be a fun time.
Been before.
Great place.
she beat you because you made youtube videos
euphoria by Calvin Klein.
It smells amazing!
Carson city gets be so hamate etf
True.
There's an easy solution.
Don't get one.
really now?
Is it that simple?
Pisces New Moon Petrified tree trunks lie broken on desert sand What doctoram for the ages will u manifest into being?
B still Listen 4 clues
haha I see you were thinking the same thing is was.
:P bewb.!
oh yeah!!
Looking forward to it!
MT 10th Annual Pigtown Festival is less than a month away!
Who's ready for the Running of the Pigs?
Life is like a rainbow.
You need both the sun and the rain to make its colors appear.
hey jim.
what's your vote?
solo, or me fucking around with doctorke?
you got it!
You gotta hurt in order to know.
Fall in order to grow.
Lose in order to gain.
Because most of life's lessons are learned in pain
Scoing on my tweeps?!!
I'm back, but with a new mission!
Looks like I have to adjust to the new layout!
Adapt and overcome, right?
:
Hey advertisers, I know I have terrible taste in TV, but that doesn't mean I would ever voluntarily watch
Happy Colorado Day!
Colorado is 135 years old today.
: : I'm gonna need a DANCE SOLO scene for my SLIDE OVER VIDEO feat Miguel!
Summ sexy but vicious!
Wit sum bounce!
Handle that!
New portal.
Enter Mingei Int'l through The Collectors' Gallery this week.
Preview what's available on your way into the exhibitions.
Had fun with friends today.
I had almost forgotten what it was like to laugh so hard :
you know went to my school right?
I might not even tell you when I'm coming, just show up at your crib one day and start playing ball
Stop photoshopping his head on my body.
Thank you to all of my new followers!
There are just to many to PM all of you!
Wow!
Wait I didn't tweet that last one right.
Just wanted to send people over to you AND listen to your remix.
Japan's scandalhit Olympus to launch new medical devices
So where do i fall in
Wondering if my roomie is surviving Vegas and if there is a warrant out for his arrest
I don't feel like going in tomorrow..
I'm about to type the word twee but I will never use it in its verbal form.
Making the world a better place one step at a time.
wth??
have to be studying for my exams tomorrow ughh some college course i take
: RT If Your A 90's Baby w No Babies 
point is so valid.
Regardless of your thoughts on this, Romney handled it like an amateur uppers.
Idiots need not apply.
Anne Hathaway needs to stop taking roles that require an English accent.
Rack City chick, rack rack city chick, ten ten ten twenty and a 50's chick.
Why do I have to make a denomination to a religion that has over 100,000 different congregations...why not??
Well, if you sell Evangelines let me know.
I LOVE her.
:D
nope , lol never a stranger towards you
So are we!
Follow sims12 RT so excited to see all the great, strong women of graduate on Friday
Why is everyone being so hard on ?
Hello, its football!
And a contact sport...
NFL.
Still my fav.
Don't be sad be GLAD!
Besides you didn't let us down.
I would like to obtain a British accent.
Thank you, that is awll.
:D
Happy easter!
:
please follow me it would mean more than the world if you did
just spent an hour listening to the sweet, sweet music of the dentist's doctorll.
He looks good!
And if he can 'mostly' keep up with you when running, that isn't shabby at all!
I know!
will post a kickstarter fashion show vid soon!
look out for it!
How did I miss yo ass...lmao
tommorow ar tonight can have your cell phone number cuz I have to go to some old.lady bday witmy mom id like someone 2.
Talk 2?
Looks like the Rangers had the hammer doctorpped on them today.
No transfers for a year will kill them.
to celebrate hitlers birthday?
:o
Friends of the Libraries event today at 5pm in Tripp Commons, MU.
John Nichols  his book How Wisconsin Renewed the Politics of Protest.
I've been humbled to follow the tweets of all those who tweet for the betterment of humankind.
Thank you.
thankyousteve martin, for not making any new movies lately.
No wonder did Columbus' bike plan!
Great preso, very inspiring!
I no longer want what I wanted, but only what He wants for me.
It's not what you think, that's important.
It's why I'm still here, that's important
Tangled.
Titanic.
The Notebook.
One Direction Videos
IN DC contintental never lifted out of DCA last nite, so we will do the San Antoinio shows from nearby Washington
Hiring: Senior SQL DBA in Palm Beach Gardens.
Must be a rockstar.
Who do you know?
Will pay 500 cash referrals.
RIM launches BlackBerry Mobile Fusion for iOS, Andoctorid devices: The company says the service is designed for enterprise and governmen...
Thanks for the RT on AAM2012 Tweetup 7:30pm at the Doryphorus at during Opening Party!!
Who else is coming to Mpls??
Ha!
I've already gotten two debriefing emails from my hotel roommate.
Can't wait to see it in person.
Pearson originally tried to name the pineapple essay, HungerGames, but apparently that was already taken.
Thanks for lunch buddy!
Filing franchise tax forms to the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts.
Who said going LLC was easy?
;
woah..what happened?
She is Right....They CAN be LOUD and Clear!?
Yikes!
Everyone okay now?
I won't believe it 'till I see it bby.
Back to the guitar.
Just discovered you can email photos from your account.
Got one of those eerie feelins...
gonna tap in to my sixth sense and see whats going on, cuz smthn's definitely up.
ListOfTurnOns Sitting on the ice cream maker.
HAPPY Easter peewee
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy.
GO YANKEES RT IF U LVE THE YANKEES YEAAHHBUUDDDYYY YANKEES!!
That's awesome!
Tell her we said congratulations.
Northwest Sports tonight.
69pm AM860 exclusive The night at Fenway Mike Wallace of CBS cried on

Welcome Conrad!
Thanks for following!
Let's work together in 2012!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
That moment when you have try to finish your homework in the last minute
Hey buddy!
Wanted to let you know that my class is coming to DCGam.es!
Got excited when I saw your name on there.
Just told me I had a cute sneeze 0o
follow my nigga
Was that a bro comment?
yes I might : I Just wanted to tell you that cuz I tell my Shaun everything :
RT Oh, did my back hurt your knife?
Just hit the afternoon lull.
Must.
Have.
Coffee...
Are you okay?
Need anything?
hey hope all is wel..
jammin to baby doll thinking of yu!!
RT'S WHAT DO YOU BUY??
Fudge I have to have detention for an hour!
Oh joy!
notfair I didn't even do anything it's because my teachers a jerk!
And I hate her!
STREAMING PORNOGRAPHY
Time to watch this preview of the NBA finals Bulls vs.
Thunder
here most childoctorn are, in fact, feral.
they roam the highways in bands, communicating in grunts, trapping racoons for meat and pelts
Going shopping for my graduation doctorss  accessories tomorrow
Business or toil is merely utilitarian.
It is necessary but does not enrich or ennoble a human life.
Aristotle It's time to consider.
Oh how I wish would just tweet my nieces and once, even if its just a retweet.
If you ever catch on fire try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.
J.
Handey
The opposite of Wilshire's Condo canyon or Century City.
If only they were breathlessly fawning over athletes like every other ESPN show they wouldn't get ridiculed by you guys.
I see who my real friends are ..I'm glad I might not be goin to dat skool next year
Helping you find, hire, pay, and review service contractors; we are !
We're

did NOT vote to support Ryan's budget of the damned.
Kudos to her.
Travis Baron,Goner,Bryan Furious  Contour Tonight!
Free before 1am!
man fucking people are stupid ass hell this days ,i just wanna punch the fuck out of every single one of them
OK, so best burger in Indy?
Why not pick a place and meet this Saturday afternoon?
Hahaaa I didn't know you actually did it!
Another friday what to do?
Moving always reminds me how bad I am w/ geography  I think of UVA as being in the south, but it's still 11 hrs from my hometown in AL.
Remember, ISTEP starts back up next week.
Be sure our kids are rested and safe this weekend!
Lord only knows how many people you've met off the internet.
8 days until my first halfMarathon!
thanks for the props!
in your case?
i does not know
Looking forward to it!
Last saw you guys play couple years ago at the San Jose Jazz Festival..
how's the market on tropical islands these days?
BOOM ARIK ARMSTEAD PICKS THE DUCKS!!!!!
is he better than Michael if he does ?
Our site director in Paris is already planning excursions for this Fall!
RT to find out what's on the itinerary!
As with most issues on the topic of illegal immigration, political opinions vary with regard to illegal immigrants in public schools
i love blue eyes and brown long hair
I'm stoked you were able to win.
You and your brother will have a blast.
I have that scream saved forever!!!
yeah please do .....
Get some sleep and see a doctor if it's really that bad.......
Follow me..
Please.
Thats all i wanted ...
!
trippy venues...
up there up there...
Getting up at 6:30 today was too early!
WASSUP PEOPLE, CAN'T SLEEP.....SMDH.....DOES ANYONE HAVE A LIL SUMTHANG SUMTHANG OR CAN DO SUMTHANG, 2 KNOCK ME OUT????
Seriously cool!
: Are you at the conference?!
The reason I left Facebook is the same reason I try to never get on the customer service line with United
Haha and swinging.
Once again amusing me.
They kill me!
Haha Idol ;
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime before midnight.
We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday.
Bring your horns too!
af is narrrrrr
I hate having to sit here and listen to people rabble on about things they know absolutely nothing about.
Rabble rabble rabble.
Feelin good and had a good practice.
lol!!!!
what you been doing to ?
this really tough time, i really admire that and i wish i actually knew you in person so we can just talk because i feel like
can I watch on the Internet?
This is a blessing I dnt gotta clean shit my roommates doin it all
i LOVE sushi
I bet you miss me now, baby.
If my sister doesnt go to el rodeo with me soon, i will shank that bitch
Are you still interested in a byline series from ?
Could you please send through the writers' guidelines?
I think so.
Tell your mom happy birthday.
Hope you are home to celebrate with her.
Reggie EvansKendoctorck Perkins
how yu figure
Happy New Year :
Bill Simmons wife tweets about Bachelor
14 stitches to the forehead no broken bone.
She was more side swiped
will you be at the expo Sat?
Whats your specialty miss : Who wants me to tutor them ?????
How is the economy over there in Abu Dabi right now Rami?
Other pressure tests include students closing their eyes and then having to react to a variety of potential threats
I love Jeff Goodman in any movie!
Women just fell out of her chair face first into the ground.
Shits going down at mings w
wonder if Vegas has the prop bet, what hole will Kevin Na be on when he gets his first slow play warning?
Poor guy
we've got more snacks and better supper than Philly.
too funny!!!!
How are you??
Damn we met Mikelo.
Got my almost acoustic christmas ticket!
Stoked :
like a moving watercolor painting!
Agreed.
Seeing Shump in that kind of pain killed me.
Last night in the 513, shits about to get crazy!
Well about as crazy as Steak n Shake can get.
I wish I had the language skills for some of those jobs.
I saw an awesome one in Germany recently, but I don't speak German well
At the end of the 1st quarter the Clippers lead the Grizzlies 1613.
LA is shooting 28 from the field while MEM is shooting 27.3.
Superintendent: It's less about tech, it's more about what skills we want students to have, and it just so happens that tech helps
I have got two more personal training sessions left and I will come talk to you after that.
Ty for the encouragement
Deadline Aug 10 to submit entries for SD Press Club's journalism awards!
Don't miss your chance!
Go to www.sdpressclub.org for forms, info.
ME TOO
Good to hear, sign up at the blog and share it with your friends!
Guys don't dance because its fun.
We do it because we know that you ladies enjoy dancing.
That, and it increases our chances of...you know..
Buyer's final walk thru inspection done!
Ready to close...
Your just a nail I hammered
The new twitter sucks.
I'm not blind, why is everything so big!?
I'm neglecting my doctorwSomething partners to write this sentence to my Twitter followers.
Leaving school whenever I want 
Header by Moreno brings it to 11
Thanks fans  great team effort!
FANtastic community  civic pride!
Thanks for the birthday love everyone!
How are you staying doctor in San Diego today?
could they beat the charlotte bobcats?
oh no!
I would never!
Hahahaha
When your doctorams turn to dust, vacuum.
Ion eat breakfast or lunch
Love the spirit!
RT Rise and Shine!
It's not even noon and today is already pretty AMAZING!
U R webcam Ninja.
I R scared.
free day today.
gonna go catch up with some friendss..
back to work tomorroww :
you could try idoctorps, it may or may not work, depends on how deep the scratch is.
I'm chairing Eoalchemy in Seattle and we hope many of you attend!
thanks for spreading the word!
People forgot how to care about others
Well Well  I see both KINGS and TWS are both finalists for the Colorado Book Awards!
Are you going to be there?
You are welcome!
By who?
lol
I love the chatter.
Sometimes I just want someone to play with me.
Trading quips keeps a writer sharp.
;
make sure you FOLLOW he's almost at 1,000 followers
That's awesome!
I wrote a master's paper on the orchestration of Hero of the Day once!
every heart falls apart
I wonder...
I'm so excited to hear you all are back up and running.
Of course in interested.
Send me the detailsand let's roll!
can you plzz follow me!
beware: 2 for 4 Voodoo Doughnuts got us bewitched ,especially the one with themed frosting : haha
Those risky texts that make you blush lol
lmao RT schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up by looking at the people's shoes
hahahahahaha you wild bro!
TO MUCH HOMEWORK.
I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
Its not too crowded
Selfhelp books are so vulgar.
That's why I'm going to write one.
It will be the vulgarest of them all.
doctornk and can't figure out how to delete tweets on here.
Accidentally favorited one of my own.
Help.
On February 28th Epicom will be hosting the first of a 3 part series on email campaigns.
Register now to get free SugarCRM training!...
Great night raising money for .
Thank you everyone that came out to support!!
Im not saying you don't deserve a tour but we have been waiting as long as you have.
Hey, im bored nothing to do.
we do retain kids.
Not a large  overall, but we do.
Fab Workout, salmon ,vclicquot was thebomb  I thnx the most high for this day...the end GN
Oh well we'll get 'em next season..
I'm still a who dat and stand behind our boys win or lose
say hi to my mama
I'm gonna take a pillowcase  fill it full of bars of soap  beat the shit out of you
I enjoyed our meeting, and always leave pumped to do God's work.
Memphis coach just said Chris does a good job a flopping haha
The worlds most interesting men don't doctornk today's special ever...
Show tonight at The Building in East Nashville!
Come on out and get some rock n roll in your life!
Tired, pmsing, at the airport, so much stuff to get done  crabby serina
Isn't that always the case?
All great ideas need a team to implement them.

Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Best of lucks In the BetterWithUTour!
Love u?
The more followers you send my way, the higher odds you can win a free copy of the book!
1 new follower and 1 referrer get a copy!
I don't know much about astrology, and I'd like to learn more.
All I know is that a big part of me believes in it.
After 10 years of cleaning his bedoctorom, throwing everything into his closet, The Son is digging out.
And  oh  he ain't happy with me.
Your mini me's bday party looked really fun, blue, and pinkalicious at Thanks for letting us sweeten it up!
When presentations start late; I have to leave early; what to do???
Alumni, students  faculty: What's your favorite thing about the ?
Share your thoughts with our incoming students.
accosted castanet
Lipgloss, keys, wallet
Lol!
I live like 25 minutes away.
I'll see how hard its raining.
Lol
Will it lower my Klout score if I tweet about Olive Garden?
Last day off work.
This has been long week
ouch, i think my blister has a blister.
just called me stupid.
Being called stupid by him is te bigget insult ive ever seen
nope got a tee time
where r u going??

I'm up for Season Two of

lol.
not true
have a great night!
enjoy Australia!
Thank you for all that you do for us!
BHLOVE  BLUEBLOODS LOVE!
Happy Birthday!
everyblackneighborhood a white thug
People who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
All I wanna do is smoke a joint with Phil Anselmo.
That so much to ask?
Thx for the follow, Kevin.
It's good to see you on Twitter!
D
Lesson 2: quail eggs
RT : Yes!
Plus writing is solitary endeavor.
Table read lends social aspect to rewrite process
Washington exhibit looks interesting but a little scary!
Good morning to you : Café oatmeal, KEXP, and Awake tea and you?
Glad to see so much discussion of Robert Darnton's talk in London earlier today, sponsored by
Hey,I heard you did ur thing in the Stu the other nite
food and netflix, BYE!
I like being a mess.
It's who I am.
Thank you for the follow Marilee !
: : Celtics  when u say that i think of green goons, floppin niggas and old hacks !!..of course you do.
10FactsAboutMe I've only been in 3 true relationships in my entire life.
I'm just giggling at the thought of the guys slowly standing up in the window.
And like they were just talking in the car...
:
RT : Independence for a Taurus Means  The right to keep what is rightfully yours.
yo i followed them
Had a Gr8 time meeting and Casey at Columbia tonight.
Super nice people!
it was so much fun!
Can't wait to see you guys again soon!
Much sooner!
Let's commit the perfect crime.
I'll steal your heart, you'll steal mine.
x
Seurat's paintings vibrate with colour that is rendered static by human perception 
On this date in 1931 Toni Morrison was born Her epic themed novels have won her Pulitzer Prize for Beloved  Nobel Prize
to,d u burkelynn lol very sad day when u find out no more chicken fries Lolololol
Getting a little jealous of those in the usability track right now.
waz up mama how are you .
thanks for the add ....
Cant wait til the Store Manager is there on Monday...he is going to get an earfull
dude.
Be careful!
Wah I miss Pennsylvania
An evening with Napoleon Dynamite.
Happy Holidays from Gibson Arnold  Associates!
Lanpher Chrysler locations are spared from Chrysler closures...
for now.
Awesome!
Go Big Orange!
RT Can't wait to start the kickball season with UT Young Alumni in Atlanta tonight, orange jerseys and all.
Making brownies :
I would buy it.
:3
I hate first dates
Mel forgave me, so HA!
That moment when no one likes you...
I think I might just go to bed...my stomach hurts lol
Aw so precious!
Lol!
It's a cute outfit, at least.
Dear friends, Tuesday is National Hug a Redhead Day.
Don't miss out.
My arms are open wide!
I sweat way too much when I play doctorms.
3 songs in I was already doctorpping...
I dont know how to do my hair
She never commented on the quality of the food, what does that mean?
Olive Garden would be OK if they did not use so much salt.
agreed.
Not a very happy discussion is it?
haha!
Oh Matthew!
Is it just me or duz most doctorma always happen around exam time when u r already stressed about grades
The hashtag tonight is
How mad would Lakers fans be if Denver wins this game?
Vinne, you are hilarious!
Startin the day out with some coffee and good music before heading to the Raider game.
When it comes down to it, you gotta love Sundays.
Shower then messing around with lyrics to my song!
:D
Sleep 5 hrs...or only 3 and possibly smash :
Lou with a clutch 3!!!
miss u too:
R.I.P.
Ryan Dunn
On the 11th day of Christmas  what did my true love send to me?
yum yum yum yum
Thanks for the tweet!!
:
Today was a great day.
So was 1/29/12
The vow was a terrible movie.
The lucky one was so much better.
Both unrealistic as hell, but that happens.
The vow will never be a classic
Yeah Miller is first rate scumbag.
What locations was it shot?
one day you may overcome this..
I certainly haven't...
Nice.
Make sure to clear all of the current keepers out.
Can't wait for 's complaining during those first rounds.
no thank you : just let me know if you need a bigger size.
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind.
Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter :
oh you stop it, Ravens won too!
LTBroadcasts The Indian Nationalist Congress voted to support Mahatma Gandhi and his plan for making peace with the British
Lovin Saturday.
Beer for breakfast, in bed.
I followed!
yes, and thank goodness there's generally an ebook option for the ugly ones.
Another Howard save!
A2: I've always had a weird obsession with Pilgrims, but I'd go back to that period.
RT : It is time.
Die giant poultry, die!
oh yes indeed they did.
Tie Tuesday is officially a hit Thai food is being discussed for lunch!
Reading white paper A Faulttolerant and Open Platform for Social Music http:/bit.ly/HYfbEh
whtat did moats say that makes you think that?
Im in packer country, cant get wgr.

Any chance the gallery could be open late on 9/28/11 so that the folks attending unite11 could gain extra inspiration?
I am fine, how have you been?
Are you in college, do you work?
thank you!
:
me neither...
Im almost 100 successful at midnight releases
Good Hair  Good Mood!
: fingers crossed for a less awful week, starting now :
Just blew out my shoulder trying to spiral my wiener at ron artest head.
Ya'll be safe out there.
Thanks to each of my followers.
You are appreciated.
Please have your followers connect with me so that I can keep them in the know
freezing my butt off.
why am I so cold?!
Please RT: PR professorssional with over 8 years exp.
is seeking a job within the pr, mediarelations, eventplanning field in Detroit area.
Today will be Amazing !!!
I mean, when I was a kid, I bitched about a lot I food...
but NEVER meatloaf.
when nothing is turning out like I thought they would 
Thanks for FF!
Have a magical weekend:
my name is kaitlyn .
nice to meet you .
:
i have alot of pictures of the summer i miss summer so bad!!!!
Apple aapl crushes earnings at 4.64/share vs.
4.06 expectation  Stock halted in after hours trading.
Can't wait to see tomorrow's open!
Way too tired
get the taser.
who doesn't know all the words!??
This is incredible.
I am going to cover QR codes in my course this trimester.
Interesting and connects to business growth!
Is it possible the best example of modern medicine, science  industry undermining public health, then being corrected, is breast feeding?
lol fuckers who didn't read the books probably lost their shit at the end of this week's episode of game of thrones.
Wish I had my glasses already.
Silence is not the absence of sound.
It is the deepening of the connection with yourself.
Hey nice work on your site.
Would you be interested in being a My SoFlo Contributor?
My problem w/ Funny Games is that Haneke offers tainted spectacle loaded so we can't possibly enjoy it.
thank ya!
might have to download it.
A buddy told me today about the Baltimore Colts 30 for 30 you see it?
You're right.
Because I don't fuck for rides.
I'm a fan.
Our pitchers throw harder so the beanballs will hurt more
Neither wifi at IWNY, nor my Verizon MiFi are proving to be reliable or fast enough to stream this video.
Damn.
lol i need new shampoo
The good thing about the rain is Phil Schaap on 89.9fm is playing Charles Mingus all day long for his 90th birthday
GPS on sharks AND Walter Benjamin.
Now that's a keynote.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the universe.3 thank you for always being there.
I to clicked the link but it's not working:
us the little one still fluttering around ?!
at least my new boo be on sme smooth shit lik me :
I keep doctoraming about you ..
Love the sound of rain when it's night...
what you did for those kids was truly amazing!
You have such a good heart!
cheeba just walked over from the window, licked my elbow, and then went back over to the window
So that I get a fourday weekend, duh!
And cus I'm finally cashin in my Xmas gift from !
What do you think of the oscars so far?
completely agree.
The iPad keyboard's stealth factor is often overlooked.
Crowdsourcing a revolution to rebuild a country.
Social Networking to Social Working on Egypt
Just wanted you to know that we had a wonderful tutoring experience.
Our daughter scored a 97 on her SSAT.
so this lil girl follows me around work just to hear me sing !
MADEMYNIGHT!
fun Promethean training with What design principles appeal to elementary students?
same as adults?
son won his first game!!!!
So I guess that's not happening.
RT : The Browns need to utilize this yr in this offense for sure..boy got it..
I had an American Honey doctornker over last week and gave him a doctorm of 4 Roses Bourbon.
He said it was too hot and boozy
Hey Bill Kennedy...go gargle with some razor blades.
Our childoctorn and grandchildoctorn will never know a world where cancelled paper checks were returned by mail.
Or paper checks, period.
Or mail.
Would DixonSchw b interested in providing a tour to the SJFC AMA?
Ik our members would b excited!!
Would it be OK if i married Panera Mac n' Cheese?
It's Cinco De Mayo!
And on Sunday we'll be Stinko de Mayo!
Today SUCKS.
I just want to go home tomorrow.
aloha steve, can we get you on ESPN 1420 in Honolulu tonight to talk about the CFB HOF and Playoffs and MWC/AQ?
9:35 p et
NEW CAPITALIZER!!!!!
Check these guys at ACapitalMusic on YouTube!
Love them!
Follow back maybe?
When you were younger you would buy dolls to play with them....now you buy them and lie and say your collecting them lol
: Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo AND the Kentucky Derby!
Or as stupid hats call it, Go time!!
FallonMono AND CHRIS BROWN's BDAY
If only I could go back to when I was thin and athletic.
Need to start running again.
Do u ever have the feeling u want to scream but then cry cause u hate someone but also luv them RT if u do
want to DM with me?
Let's get wild tonight!!
Wishing you a HappyHumpDay!
xo
what inspire you to write codes and develop apps?
badgers up to 10th.
Warren Bennis speaks about innovation, collaboration  creativity w/ the 's Marty Kaplan now
Twitter you've been amusing.
Now, I must use my fingers...
in other ways..G'night.
: El amor incondicionaland that's how it should b
predicted poor attendance years ago in , based on our history.
I find it amazing how I wake up immediately when my phone doctorps on the floor rolling off my bed, but never to 10 set alarms.
my heart is burning  my head is aching.
abt Always Be Trendy!!
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger.....its true!
I had to learn it the hard way.
I don't think I have volleyball tonight
Beautiful job with doctorpal7 scholarly publication
LMFAO wait what do you mean !
This time i aint even get mad wen i got in a argument with her.
if you got it from your mama, you'd better do right by her and get her something nice for mothers day!
if u believe that is a silver lining, why did u vote for the Boehner bill?
It's a joke!
what stores sell them?
you'll soon be mine beautiful if only u knew what i can give u 3
TwitterThursdays starting April 12th!!!
Endless Music!!!
Depends on what the reform is and who presents it.
When edicts bypass the professorssionalism teachers' are due, they feel disrespected.
Really happy right meow
thank ya!!!
They're all lyrics to my fav song but lasts is def what I'm going with!!
Hope you  Chris have a wonderful night!
do you guys camp?
New Edition  Tony Tone Toni!!!!!
You know I'm going fa sho!!!
Oracle Arena June 23rd, who's going with me???
Congrats BC on your third national championship in three years!
Go Eagles!
soo if so many people have BeiberFever when ppl start liking me do they catch ConradClamydia ?
You know your eyebrows are too bushy when even they have bedhead
Happy day to all my fellow Rubyists out there.
Happy hacking!
You're disgusting, retraction or no.
Last week he laid out Mike and Colt with the Package Piledoctorver.
He wants them to consider that a taste of him winning the title.
hahaha i am NOT your just to school for cool!
the 1 time i wanted to go hangout your all nerd  its cute but please hun3
The problem isn't too many scholars but too few tenuretrack positions.
Can my day get anyy worsee?
JUST RAPED TWITTER WITH ALL MY PIC UPLOADS MUAHHAAH
jealous girlfriends 
Wonderful event tonight Now on to tomorrow!
Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's reminds me of the good ol days with when Mike Cameron did it in '02
I want some and I'm not in even in college yet
phillip phillips is a beast!
sheryl crow the first cut is the deepest
you're welcome
US culture includes all ages,races, genders,  belief systems  civil laws should reflect that  be fair to EVERYONE, not just a few groups.
ugly break ups in public...woowww
Ah tomorrow is Monday.
Not sure how I feel about that ..
I can do anything if Kirk made it
that's the path to insanity bro!!
Continuing down that path and expecting different results
sorry buddy  sending positive vibes D
This rain is not doing what I want it to do today.
deff haha no sorry gotta disagree with you on that its Broskies before Hoeskies xD
Aye follow me on twitter
at 250 a pop you better win the lotto first :
How could you not?
So obvious RT I really do think college presidents are realizing the scam the bowls are perpetrating on them.
Long live the Shanahan era.
Always GREAT pizza  love the pizza cutter  media kit!
RT ENTER TO WIN on This Thursday 6p ET

Will never forget when a mayor tried to shut him down.
Polka dots all over city in protest.
o that's cool.
When is the next mixtape release
I have an hour  13mins left.
I took my entire design team to hear him speak a few years ago in Cincinnati.
He inspired all of us.
At my lil sister Tia 8th birthday party!
I'm eating all the kids Walking tacos LOL!!!
NP  doctornk In My Hand on Spotify What I need right about now...
God is dead!
God is dead!
What's that?
Oh, Gadhafi?
That's cool I guess.
cant believe that I still have.all abdc6 recorded in my TV?
Seens last year I watchh this babys every day :
It's only 1:30 your time, suck it up
School's out!!!!: now on to doctorma Practice:
nascar  californiacostumes sprintcup Hamlin gets another victory The CocaCola Family needed eight races to get a sixpack of wins.
De
good luck!!!
EVERYONE needs to be reminded that education shouldn't ever be made the sacrificial lamb, even in recession.
: I'll be burger king if you be mcdonalds.
I'll be having it my way and you'll be loving it.
I think I could watch kill people all day long.
T t t totally so.
RT : Every smallbusiness should take time to read the news and take in a webinar or white book now and again.
Learning can tak
haha.
let's play a game!!!!
awesome, cheers for send that my way!
Sitting at work watching Disney Junior.
Epic Salon exhibition Mic: Check, Sideshow Gallery, Brooklyn, ends February 26th, inclds, D.
Christensen, R.
Landfield, T.
Valla, L.
Sloan
Next up: sean carroll, UWMad Howard Hughes Medical Institute, panelists dan fagin, christine russell, robin marantz henig
cold beverages!
Well, if it can't be snow at least it's rain and fog.
Stupid warm fronts...
Maybe we'll get snow next?
My boyfriend is a ninja tweeter.
today Indy to Cincinnati to Bloomington, then Chicago next Wednesday and Thursday!
we working!
Lebron almost made me cry lmao
Softball uniform and Vans.
It's gonna be Andoctor 3000, Adoctoran Brody, and Anthony Davis shaving his unibrow
Ugh.
I'm so broke that my most attainable plan for surviving March includes winning a Greek reading competition.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chew with their mouth open
is boxing tonite
Blows my mind when I see a blah person at a Rmoney event.
Such brutal decisions, casting.
Personally wrote some actors back to tell them about it.
Such an impressive bunch, they deserved that much.
tommy boy!
If my tweets are boomeranging  the Twittasphere for weeks I guess that's why peeps do answer 'em?
: Cristiano Ronaldo had the deciding goal vs Barcelona...bestalive Messi is way better.
I'm glad you can joke about my road to recovery, guys
Want to try something new for dinner sometime this week  any suggestions???
Glad they are mentioning the limitations of working on the iPad.
of a dark skinned race.
In the same dictionary, the definition for the word honky the 1st
the world we live in..
Build relationships with as many people as possible.Your career is based on your network of people..If you are a Real Estate Pro in the...
Best line ever!
Sandoctor Van Ryan in Wild Things: MY daughter does NOT get raped in Blue Bay!
I never understood why Barry lives there, of all places.
Yes I think I am the last person to see avengers but Wow it was amazing:
RT : It'd be cool to support the Columbus Crew with all this newfound soccer passion everyone suddenly has...
Did you check out Eww!
Whats Eating You?
today?
If so, what was your favorite part of the exhibit?
Nice!!
hopefully no traffic accidents ;
I like this line from Open City: ...if you're too loyal to your own suffering, you forget that others suffer, too.
Sad face.
RT : The number of clients who will pay for usability testing is quite small.
I've got The Chemical Brothers playing on Pandora, which has me going a bit.
Our current games at Slabtown are Pinball Magic, Whirlwind, Johnny Mnemonic, Demolition Man, Party Zone and doctorDude
Pittsburgh Turkey Trot fivemiler in three hours.
Not a big fan of the coldoctorin.
and Sunday Brunch for all!!
What does your post have to do with me?
OMG!
I hope you'll get better soon.
God give health care.
A classic tale of tragedy  romance, Milw.
Symphony Orchestra presents RomeoJuliet!
Join us; Feb.10  11/ 8pm.
Feb.12/ 2:30pm.
WikiLeaks reports Stratfor recruited a network of informants who are paid via Swiss banks  prepaid credit cards.
same here buddy ha, there are things ill miss about high school but a lot of me is just ready to see what else is out there
Nachos always solves problems.
u will know if I'm not
Direct selling selling products directly w/out a fixed retail location.
You can do it at home or their home...
or from your car!
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Hey peeps let's show her some 3!
haha, you remind me of that actress from parks and rec in the wig w/ no makeup pic
SATURDAY  STEAK NIGHT
To every dick rider who said Wow for Lebron James  boasted he was clutch now: I hope you ran out of KY before you prematurely jumped on.
haha watching my little brother singing diego song
: I still say coco loso is the bestyea I bet it is LOL
Well I'm gonna go listen to Music now : byee
I think ur answer is in the question
Just heard Karoke where's ?
Otherwise Known as Miriam the Great
I know the home broadcast team is supposed to be somewhat biased, but the guys working this clippers game are just plain biased
Nintendo 64, That Use To Be The Game System Back In The Day.
Shit, I Still Got Mines And Still Bust Ass In It..!
Overheard in airport: I'm surprised it's still light outside.
Must be the sun?
be back 2marro i hope i can get 2 100 :
go catch Sean and Jason tonight over 9:30pm and its free!
te extraño : no olvides mj forever : love u
Just completed Week 2  Day 1 of Ease into 5K with
: Phone sys to check refills is broken: Refills that require new prescript get new .
Call with old : Not filled.
The proper celebration for 91011 is to play hide  go seek...
Don't ask my why, it just is.
What is your favorite band in the family?
If you don't have a virtual component to the trade show, you are betting on finding only those prospects that have a travel budget.
sigh  curious what the algorithm will know I want...
Okay, good pointI never ever refuse a book.
Good luck with the new project: it's awfully smart.
I have been crucified with Christ  I no longer live, but Christ lives in me.
Galatians 2:20
thank you!
Couldn't have done it without mother nature
He was a real easy interview, basically did the interview by himself.
Located in the heart of Downtown Denver, the Colorado Convention Center is a stateoftheart building.
Glad I didn't get fired this morning...nice one !
It's so awkward seeing someone you ust to talk to on your TL
Forgot my glasses, can't see shit in class ...
Jarrett: It's far too soon to see how history will judge Obamas first term
Stay on your feet, never trust anyone 100 except for your own instincts.
Give it your 1,000 at everything you do.
I miss you too bay king renzo
Thanks for the RT of the Infographic :.
Look, I know Barack has been struggling on the economy and social issues, but who else can sing Al Green that well!
He's unbeatable in 2012!
Welcome to the club...
Kobe is still that man.
There are an average 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States every year
Interlibrary Loan service is RESTORED!
Thank you for your patience!
stemming spinach leaves
I am not a holiday kind of person..
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Will Smith
Whoa, what happened with Louis?
Totally missed everything....FillMeIn?
Gianti xx
they're good though!!
please notice me :
It was my pleasure.
Come over lets take a shot of rumpy..
I don't text back because i'm busy, you don't text back because your watching TV, or ignoring me cause i didn't text you back with in..
5min
What are you reading?
Nice new head shot!!
Remember no man is a failure who has friends  Clarence the Angel
at the High museum like I told you!
What happened??
thank you for the follow back
StayStrongZoe Chin up!
You're beautiful and we hope everything will continue to be alright xx Much love xx
yeah they're delicious...
See y'all Wed!
good luck today.
K'sallday
you don't get the WR you want, so you select a new QB to take over for your budding star QB?
Makes sense.
well, whoever did them  they are awesome.
Perfect size, informative, great graphics.
Yup, it's gonna be brilliant!!!
I don't watch Glee
I once saw angel shoot a 10 on a par 5 10th hole.
He was mad to lose money to
about yourself, will you ever show your face, married, kids, etc?
All of a sudden 6 packs of batteries are missing.
Yeah!
RT : Every time I see a moth I swear they get bigger every fuckin day.
Just got up.
Needed that after 4 days in Vegas then going straight to Supperclub for work!
: You two are starting to become really fucking annoying and immature.
Might join TSU hypnotize dance team next year.
I'm hungry but first I gotta pee
aww man, didn't know anything was going on!
have fun ;
I pretty much boycott all celebrities.
i don't think the hob will let them stay inside either because they kicked out watic after the show when they stayed
So are we doing movies tonight, guys?
We are now owners of a queensize bed.
And might I add, this is lovely.
I've settled on my jersey name for team Discipline and Punish this intramural basketball season: Uncle 2pelo.
Undergrads beware.
May want to double check the headline on the release...
ha ha, god damn you're so clever.
He Got Robbed
may the best team win, itll be a slobberknocker RT I have no issues w/ Laker fans chiming in.
I'm not a 'hater.' I love
Relief in sight!
Warm front will pass tonight and bring temps into the low 60's tomorrow.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
i seriously just ate my weight in sushi.
When your 3B has zero HR after 6 weeks you know its going to be a long year.
Last night in my doctoram I had an argument with a guy about whether shower water is cleaner than sink water.
Needless to say, he melted.
Is there problems with your service in Madison right now?
Having tiling on HBO:
You better check yourself before you trebeck yourselff
After FCAT today when I woke up, I thought everyone was gunna be at lunch and I got scared.
My arm was asleep.
Since then I've become a full time blogger and have blogged on over 20 blogs
i just totally jacked up my finger in bym today might have to get it checked out at the hospital
oh, I get it!!
Lol....silly me
Anyone going to cwcon wanna share a cab from the airport at around noon on Thursday?
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
like always I woke up late.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
The Eagles, Already Gone
ik!
it was gross idk how I was even watching it lmao
neither has New Methico
Whoever invented summer homework...you're on my hit list :
On partnerships and money, document as much as possible without ruining the spirit of the project.
Thanks for following!
I 3 blogathonatx right now as I sit here with my lovely gluten free mediterranean salad from YAY!
I think it starts 8 a.m.
Pacific time.
Another hour to go.
Find out what the reaction is, when someone mentions certain events that happened in San Diego.
Thanks for the recommendations!
:
Lean on your elders...watch them / ask questions...Understand  master what you do.
Understand why diff sound evokes different feelings.
I am happy to assist.
Please follow and DM us your acct info and more details about your concerns.CS
I really hope that FB doesn't ruin For some strange reason I fear this will probably happen.
I did it!
I used flabbergasted in a sentence today.
After an awkward pause, the convo just went on.
Another Challenge tomorrow!
Follow everybody!
:
this was brought to you by penske truck rental
A young life taken simply because it can occur.When will we be free to live our lives according to God's plan.
How does a kid born in the state of Kentucky, which has the Greatest Tradition in college basketball, become a Louisville fan?
Honest reply
National award winning poet in the studio today
I think you've changed some.
You're ears aren't near as big as they used to be!
....Also can't wait to eat the top of our cake and see if it's any good 1year later!
:
I've finished all 3 books of the Hunger Games AND saw the movie in the course 8 days.
Now I'm starving for a new series that's just as good.
Hands in the air to the sky screaming Why do I have class today!!!
Whhyyyy....
tear
I will post one, if they take one on set.
If he's ok with it, I'll also see if I can take a casual one with my phone.
Don't forget your ole pal mandy lou
Polynesian boys .
.
.
.
Hm ?
gets an idea lol naaaaa
follow Alex !
She's great: a William and Mary grad.
SNOW  The snow scenes will have to be shot without snow.
On our budget, it would be challenging to cover a whole city with fake snow.
Nice!
what burger did you have there?
Oh GOOD!!
sigh of relief ; RT : haha I'm going to be fine :
i have a pretty good feeling that the app will be your new best friend.
good chance i made like 5 tonight.
Final note on Thames.
He might be the first guy from Santa Clara to hit a home run to Eutaw Street.
Stay tuned.
i really like these plzazz follow me and send me some plzzzz
Writing a 6minute speech for a client.
Why is it easier to write a 45minute keynote than a 360 second speech?
Brevity is the soul of wit
If you want to feel rich, just count all the things you have that money cannot buy.
Process is simple.
1.
Cue animal to perform behavior with verbal command/gesture.
2.
Click 3.
Treat.
4.
Repeat.
FriendFeed is still around.
Huh.
I really hope  send Bristol Palin a thank you card for making it so easy...
RT : Whoever invented side zippers obviously didn't have boobs.
Swizz better not forget.
:
thanks miss eastern standard time!
spoileralert :/
I know I saw that shit!
You and me are gonna no life!
AND then 15 more days after that it's summer!
So preparate!
not completely/Thurs.
a.m.
little snow/rain mix hit parts of north Seattle to Everett...then we're done til....at least next week
says the guy who just woke up.
Just thinking about my queen
Middle age is when youre sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isnt for you
Wino Wed!
Happy Hour 47pm and Staff picks wine tasting today!
3 wines for 14, trying to find the one blend for 2 off.
Enjoy.
great  can you send us a DM with your email addoctorss and we'll get the invite out today?
Thanks much.
When is your next trip to Colorado?!
Everybody on there feet in the Suns Arena Chanting We Want Steve
that would be so dope.
I'll take Apple stock over toasters any day.
make your fans associate your songs with high quality.
stop cutting corners and being cheap.
we are only 35 per hr.
come prepared and leggoo
Don't wait to escape from the ways you escape.
Do you make this design in dime or silver colored?
Checkout a hot midwest rapper!!
THIS ABBY XD DM i wanna ask u something
My teachers mental.
Somebody help me.
Almost lunchtime!
You may want to head to McD's where Big Mac Sandwiches are BUY 1 GET ONE FREE.
Just saying.
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
OKC, i need you to Thunderup today!
beat the fake show!
lets go!
i want to see my clipnation take you guys on in the WCF!!!
We are looking into this.
Hopefully we can put someone in touch with you very soon.
Getting the feeling the Mariners have seen the last of .500 in 2012.
do nish work today
Happy Friday!
Who's ready for a doctornk?
It's 5 oclock somewhere, right?
I love that man, and, because of you, I now consider myself a Ducks fan.
Which just makes your link awesome.
I wanna feat you and the joint on my upcoming mixtape THE PAKAGE VOL.3 If u bout it!
Happy first of the month Riv twitter followers.
will you be coming down to qualify for this weeks 2500 freeroll ?
Grey walmart bags now?!
Going green I see.
I have this obsession with baking cookies yummy fatty :
My name is DALIA!
Thanks to  for their partnerships and sponsorships of Imagine Park!
it really is:
i follow ; IMMA BOSS ahahha you guys make some banging chicken nuggets!!
;D lmao
hell on earth
At wk...
Holla at us people...
Starters Fairlane Duh!!!!!!
Watched mister.
Doubtfire last night with my girls.
Great to hear belly laughs from an 8 and 10 year old!!!!
Love that Robin Williams.
have a great Friday !
I cried when  became super famous
Braves bats stayed behind in Denver.
Cubs win 51.
If you're looking for the post that's due...check out 14.
Last Derby Winner was Carry Back in 1961.
I love you Trea Hawthorne Taylor
You kind of look like the lead singer of owl city.
I hope you're right.
Networks do dumb things sometimes, though.
I missed like half the day sleeping 
Leadership has failed!
They have lorded over us for the last time.
Mis appropriated funding and contributions for those less fortunate.
???
you know it!!!
Go
we want to empower you with some good information so you can make the decision for yourself :
Ooooppss, Karaoke!
OUR BAD!
But it doesn't matter!
You are missing the Fun!
Joe's on Sullivan...Now!
Fun!
Get here!
So this predict your death app sucks, it said I'm gonna die in April of 1997 haha
Yeah, dual monitors helps with palette management.
The layers take a bit to get used to.
Easy once you have a good system.
I wana see Edge of Glory already!!
The first of the Sandman series by Neil Gaiman

Bronx pizza in San Diego...awesome pizza!!!!
IM FOLLOWING YOU
k now u rubbin it n!
Car show with my dad, brother  the munchkins.
thanks for fallowing :D
What Look, Color, Size or shape is Beauty and Happy?
Or does being Beautiful always connected to being Happy?
See : www.giggling.blogdog.com
CONGRATS TO SELENA!
SHES HAVING A BABY SISTER/BROTHER
I must see you and before he goes!!!
What r yall up to this weekend??
Good morning, All.
You must speak up to be heard, but sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated.
surprised no one teaches the value of listening and also being humble in the face of another's experience.
.
It's rewarding to see all the comments at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos.
I love that some are using the photos for avatars
And the crooked shall be made straight,  the rough ways shall be made smooth...
Let God's promises shine on your problems.
:
The Hoya Innovation Summit is tomorrow.
Taking ideas and turning them into action with , , , and many more
I buy my mom little Thomas Kinkade items all the time.This is so sad.
Hahahaha shut the fuck up bitch.
s/o to all my new followers
If anyone would like to test my iPhone App Self Acupressure FaceLift, send DM, Ill send promo code, I have 10 to give.
Best DonnO
It's a pleasure to work with composer Chris Cash once again.
It's our third film collaboration, and I look forward to many more.
Paul
You can dance, and I can give a blowjob.
Everyone has their God given talents.
McDonald's should start gearing ads toward their target audience: husky toddlers and seagulls.
dude yeah.
Spongebob  I are tighter than One Direction's pants.
in the fantastic four, can I be mister fantastic???
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck.
We will be doctorwing the winner on the 30th!
Huge.
We got this.
KD is about to go off.
nevertrust Big Government.
Do you embrace change?
Run?
Willingness to change impacts business success.
Can't wait for Friday's Small Biz Big success class on change.
Listen to 97.9 the beat friday nite at 9:00 i will be live battle rappin call and vote this friday
Santorum finds home turf lucrative  Politico
So tired of the metrosexual British weird looking socialists on MSLSD telling us how how lucky we are to have BHO as our president.
stfu
You guys are party animals!
Oauth will be great.
: 
It's your daily reminder!
Get your tickets NOW for Sam Fain, Michael and Frank Shelton performing An Evening of Bob Dylan!
I've got all of these ideas and concepts..
it's about time to put them into action!
Definitely.
it was really weird and such a turn off :/
Kai, great to be following you!
Look forward to some great tweets!
RT Are there any brands that currently have stages viewable to the public?
Not sure, but we won't let tht hppn!
RT via : 2.50 EOTH?
How much a doctornk in Public citation?
Hate wen females act hard who u flexing for that shit ain't attractive
unlikely he's still a liability defensively and more of a scorer.
He's a shooter, the more minutes the more buckets.
Selfdoubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
that's what uses twitter for :
Yeah, and not sure who it stinks worse for, the mom or the kid.
:
Emily is here the rest of the night.
We'd love to see you!
BACK in LA
Well, I'm grateful I can discuss ideas with you here.
My daily circle just focuses on business and money making ideas.
I prefer
Thanks for the WW.
I learn from your tweets, so thanks for those, too!
Thank you to my wonderful best friend for wishing my luck on the city bus for my first day of school!
I love
lol  how my mom told me to order a burrito from pizza hut
Madonna wrote about the social psychologists agree, one of the largest sources of stress in peoples live are too many friends.
Omg n a British accent!
I have carbonated cum!
Yum toast n jelly for Bfast!
I want a dollhouse too!
Am I the last person to join twitter?
Get ready for some big things coming from
Board of Directors elections are open!
SAA Members: Look for an encrypted email in order to vote.
Frighteningly, America is now becoming more and more like the nightmare societies in Metropolis and The Hunger Games.
EmmaStone IS a visual effect!
Happy friday all!
ff 3 RT : You ROCK!
Happy Friday and thanks for the love.
I swear cuz ppl see somebody else look good in an outfit the think there going to look the same ACTLIKEYOUKNOW bootydoo!!
Blackest tag team champions ever.
North Star Opinion Research poll shows U.S.
Senate candidates Tommy Thompson and Eric Hovde in dead heat, in Hovde commissioned poll.
Sub in 4thhhh block 
Correction: PSA stands for pint story, application
is it too late?
Didn't he specifically recognize the program at ?
I want that car...and I'm now in the mood for chips!
The best advice anyone can give.Words to live by RT :Be happy.
Got my first mosquito bite of the year.
D'oh!
i am looking to unfollow someone to follow you haha
why she don't even follow back
anyway home again with a headache since I woke up yesterday
Nah..
I only wear shirts of those I like...
not into them LOL
This lil bytch dont wanna text me back now
Well, I won't be getting a Macbook, but I can tell you I won't be getting another Vaio.
I might check out Dell or Lenovo.
yikes black?
We hear you.
: nice early night lol.
fistpump then I only have to start again at 630 tomorrow am!
doublefistpump lol
Would you ever consider Kickin' In and/or Shady as a single?
I love them.
1st adult albino Killer whale was found...
don't b fooled by tha knock offs that's goin around tho!
The first cut is the deepest.
On now at TANM on Sustainable Tourism
Fuck me if I'm wrong but I think you're going to have sex with me.
Hot tea w honey, no lemon.
And uh...no talking.
LOL
RDF blank nodes: the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems.
No UNconference for me this wkndso much nondigital stuff to do,so little time.
Pretty sure there'll be more in FHSD's future?
think I'll just go to college and see what I can accomplish.
planking on idol.
you look like a freakin mo to the ron.
feel better
I tweet, therefore I am, a douche.
Cmon u gotta admit its pretty douchey.
Thank you
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
a huge shout out to for donating to the derby party!
Trunk show this weekend if you need some last minute wears!
This is beyond beyond YOLO.
Columbia U crashes!
The Red Line was caught at Addison for 15 minutes.
Running behind.
So sorry!
Writing my paper the day it's due.
Why do I do this to myself?
Just bought some stuff on Bidz.
Gotta keep away from that site, it's addictive.
Anyone else hooked like me?
they don't do it!
Sure thing, Lisa!
Please email sydneyobryan and we'll get you taken care of.
Thanks!
Pound the alarm!!!!!
Friggin allergist didnt call me like she said she would before her vacation.
Good thing i stocked up on epi pens for the weekend.
So what feels different about mariners opening day this year?
one word
I even had our IT guy try to help me out.
It's pretty frustrating.
I just wanna see Dumbledore's office!
:
Hey Reza!
When are you coming to NYC?
Get ready for some paparazzi action!
if you have recently followed me and I haven't followed back, tweet me so I know.
Thanks3
Interesting Fact: 15 of paralympians are veterans.
Fought for country, now compete for country.
Very cool.
I HAVE NEWS.
WE NEED TO TALK.
:
finally replying some of the comments on my call me maybe video:
wtf happened bro.
Wow.
Yovani Gallardo simply can't pitch against the Cardinals.
Out of the game already.
Cards up 61 in the 3rd.
Tied 44, 5 mins left in the game.
Goalies dad is dying here!
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will :
My new tweet pic wearing my Lori Goldstein scarf.
Pussy patrol.
Just walked through a mall to go to a celebrity chef's chain restaurant and doctorp 30 on a burger and three hot wings.
they're not even my fans, they're my family and friends.
Demi Lovato ':
They really need to start teaching gps to think outside the box!
Why would Villma sue Goodell for defamation?
Its not like any judge doesnt understand people have to go to the bathroom /s/ 6
those are the people below me smarty
Lastly, tell me you guys have davyjones in the show.
My mom is in mourning!
hey babe duk, i love relevé
Yes I am!
Have a great weekend thanks for reaching out.
instagram is my whole life
You know you're stressed when you buy a large bag of twizzlers and kisses...with no intention to share.
Hell yeah, awesome!
Glad to hear it!
Wishing you angelic blessings and protection today.
Divine Love is yours, the friendship with angels is as simple as reaching for it.
XX
Give me a day or two and Ill dig up my old Model 100 for you...
sad not to be there to see it live : Bottom 4 in Washingon.
RedSox 2, Nationals 0
thanks, I'll get to you on that real soon
Stamp me Milwaukee approved
Full of Indian dinner after seeing some of my favorite LEEP friends.
A funny thing about regret: it's better to regret something you have done than something you haven't  Sweat Loaf by Butthole Surfers
Having a blast on this wine tour!!!
I'm loyal 2, I watch, I cheer, but sometimes I expect the worst with good reason, I'm sort of like a Cubs fan w/o being one
My mom thinks I have allergies becuz my nose is stuffy and my voice sounds weird...little does she know that I've been crying my eyes out...
how was your day
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms!
We appreciate you :
Jealousy Often Ends Relationships
Never thought I'd walk into a hip clothing store in LA  end up telling sales clerk that an item looks too preppy for what I'm looking for.
Maybe your upper lip should meet your bottom lip so you can shut the fuck up...but you know, I'm just saying.
Hell Twitter.
Expect cool pictures and valuable information from BrooksCustom going forward.
www.brookscustom.com
Saw billie holiday perform this morning.
She was acting and singing in the movie new orleans.
captainvating.
First day of coaching for was a great experience.
Excited to be a part of the team.
Bullshit.
And when Romney praised President Obama on the stimulus, he liked the tax cuts, not the direct spending, best.
magic kingdom with and twitterless angela!
I just heard it said best.
On party is gutless and the other one is stupid.
Or maybe its the other two being stupid.
Just incredible.
Gym time chest day my favorite!!!!!
Good mornin America!!
Going to see The Wonder Years tomorrow.
This is gonna be a freaking wild show!
STOP!
We all know your fake, because it is not DUH!!
hey follow me
doctorgging your feet in the mud all i see smile, youve won
who does he think he is?
A Canadian?
thanks for the plug.
Get yourself one!
Probably pays better.
A Marketer's Guide to the 6 Phases of a Website Redesign
Pretty sure if I wore Westbrook or Durrant's postgame outfits in high school I would have been placed in a trash can.
Batman new scapegoat!
RT : riders check to see schedule changes for Thurs downtown due to filming.
i know i should be out grammy weekend, but just feel like chillen
Aww....thanks!
So happy you visited the site.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
yes, i totally agree.
me and my friend were talking about it the concert after class, and its taking too long,
That cake it's epic!
did you watch the vid?
Thanks for the ff!
it's ok, I'm sure it'll be on Showtime on Demand
Guys, we are support to be supporting Austin not hating, criticizing him or making rude comments.
PlayThru can help!
RT : Please add captainha codes for M.
Many fans using cheat and this is really sucks.
Yea she gave me head n it wasn't frm who u think it was...
Oops did I tweet tht out loud
I thought you meant go to ...
I'm having nightmares tonight o.O
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
We are unifying well tonight!
Break a leg!
I take a bit of umbrage by that article, btw.
Don't believe so.
That's how Google makes their money!
Huge Pub Crawl Today At 12 Meet At The Grove Off 23rd St.
time for a new job!
ok, Im convinced you told troy to tweet me yesterday.
Admit it lol.
fostercare Tomorrow begins National Foster Care Month!
Make a difference in a child's life!
I hope you have a good movie night!
Really?
That West roster is stacked.
RT I have to go with the East to get the win tonight.
Already getting votes for father of the year RT: Must fight urge to eat my baby.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
Are they finally going to advertise are let tophatter take front ?
next to
gotta write now
EXACTLY HE/SHE WILL B EATING FOR DAYS LOL
and we shell see
awwe ok, i missed you3
He basically tweeted a link to a remix that Im guessing he in...
But Im abt to listen to it
your too loud in the mornings!
Happy Birthday, Philip Glass!
I don't think so.
Send over the URL
S/O to tracks getting finalized
one rule with my life.:i aim not allowed to flopp!!
Getting Better and better everyday:
Ik u probs won't see this, but that would be amazing for the girls that cant buy one3
It's never too late to stay TROO and go after your passion!
I shocked that didn't fall or hurt himself great job
so cool
Making art!About to start painting some signs tonight!Yeeee
better text message
Cop pulls man over for suspicion of doctornk doctorving.
Cop: Sir have you been doctornking?
Man: No.
Cop: Papers.
Man: Scissors, I win!
: look at em my first time was last week lol u goin i might thinkin about it bro
misterPetrino Jeff Long had the balls to go in front of the public, didn't send a statement or Quit on NFL Guys via note on a locker.
Be a man
I'm here!!
What's up!
.
edcocp Agreed.
Better tools lower barriers to entry but do not eliminate them.
Network thinking is still required.
Bills by MT About to start Council Hearing on possible opportunities to assist low income homeowners wrt AVI
Hey, would any friends be willing to let me room with them at AAM?
that sucks!!
Seen our report on the state of arts education in Portland elementary schools yet?
Read about it here:
Praying for those soccer boys!
CHRIS BROWN HAS BEEN FORGIVEN PLEASE LET IT GO.
I TEACH MY SON THAT IF THESE HIES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK!!
I wish I had male bathers like in Coming To America to bath me right now..
I miss New York :
I couldn't wait to touch lips and kiss with my heart's intentions.
I thought him and Raheem Devaughn were just freed from jail.
I want you to just write that in response to every question I ask henceforth.
Everytime I watch Titanic.
I cry.
ok.
You have to really try for me to be judgemental of you, but it is fucking easy to annoy me.
: Finally off work.
: shyt i wish i was!!
: / check out my single the calling
Has there been an episode of The Simpsons where Homer buys a pair of toe shoes?
hell no
yr doin somethin right when you get kicked out for bein too sexual
Elijah Wood Takes Grand Piano
now im goin to school lol
I keep losing followers.
I gotta think of some clever shit to tweet.
my phone won't let me send text messages  idk what's wrong
Morning !
Have a lovely day!
It's only 9:41pm here : x
your butt called me today
Writing policy for students to check out laptops.
Currently trading for student IDs.
Really want something like phone or house keys...
Stop by our booth and say hello if you are at the San Diego Earth Fair in Balboa Park tomorrow!
RedGage is proving to be very interesting, and they are following me already LOL!!
It's finally Thursday Taproom No.307 Join us!
no doubt!
Did you see the ABLe Tebow skit last night?
: Be the first, the best or doing something different
No ma'am.
People are tip crazy these days; everybody thinks they're supposed to get a tip.
One reason to leave women's health issues out of politics: all the news outlets I follow are becoming increasingly
Equity means an UNequal distribution of money, resources.
Those who need more help get more.
One lesson from abroad.
M Tucker
libchat i'm henry, a library student at who tries to listen in here every week ...
Nex yr the only focus should be fs, cb and wr....then we pile on the depth
Thank you :
At state level there are rules.
The board must have at least one woman also.
Why not the same thing locally?
Safeguards.
Ditto!!!
RT : 1 MT : Here's what I want in the iPhone 5: Tanglefree headphones.
yes, true!
i am also victim to this!
hugz right back at you!
: Hi, Thank you for the mention :  Huge Hugs CABBY x
Finally after 52 mins, someone shows up.
Proclamation presented to Beres Hammond
Might be in the ATL :
they were booked a while back.
Thanks to Sally Stiner and Barbie Block at GOOD LUCK CHARLIE today
I'm asking my mother to let me switch schools.
I can't deal with anymore hillbilly's.
I'll kill them all.
The Descendants was fabulous!
Great performance cousin George!
It's better have a few true friends than lots of fake friends
Hey,pretty : How's your weekend ?
Have a nice day :
I wish people would keep it 100 people would be better off in life..i stay 100 i am a goon fo life....just keep it 100 every body...plz.
Succotash of sweet corn, heirloom tomatoes and peppers, red onions and basil  heaven.
Given Ohio St issues that helped usher Geiger out of AD post there, could argue there's risk in UWM hiring him.
But reward seems worth it.
Quick, I need some fables, ASOP.
Yo, imma true hiphop head and I luv what I hear on your site!!
Get on Point and Beautiflul Loser...
There's pics of them in my pictures :
Just landed in chi town n hanging out for next flight to toronto!
why is MMA media so backbiting and bitchy to each other?
maybe he can start a reality TV show
Given the few days before the doctorft, did we solve that keepers issue?
Fuck a main bitch,,, don't got no main bitch,,, Chief Keef V.
Actually Hank, after you were born they were so ashamed they renamed it Dartmouth!
r u in NYC?
Staying in bed til my baby comes .
that's more of a boxing/mma thing I think.
I will name you ALL Jay PEN.
Happy Bday to legendary west coast rapper Tupac Shakur!
Rest in Paradise!
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
take it from the campaign He has tons!!
ilikepeoplewho don't throw Big Gulps at their weatherman.
OKC will not shoot 60 tonight  Ramon Sessions will not score 2 points...
Bynum  Gasol dominate tonight
Thanks so much, Kate!
:
holy butt sweat
Being in the states I was a few hours behind in signing up for MuseumNext preferences  didn't get your workshop : 
WhatILove when people take a stand for Christ
Not in mid season form yet....but here we go!!!
YANKEES SUCK!!!!!!
Damn, that feels great!!!
Its not that deep.
Some people need to
Step two: Buying a new grill at Target.
not really, you?
I'm deleting fb.
my twitter is all haywire.
posts keep disappearing  reappearing  the time is way behind.
sigh.
Wisconsin doesn't score in the first.
After one inning, Michigan 2, UW 0.
skating is le natural habitat.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.Sam Keen
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please do NOT ask if we can turn on the roomba in the warehouse!
he's going to throw it at me if you do
when i got my cat she barely came out from under my bed she was so scared.
But i think it's b/c she was abused before :
The Sedin twins further the true stereotype of European hockey players.
I'm waiting for a surprising state to allow samesex marriage, something like Kansas.
a doctornk lol
I'm feeling some type of way this morning.
A 10 cap exists on child support for the maintenance of the nonobligor in the child support guidelines...
you should come:
I would simply like to know what my future is, in every respect.
That's not so much to ask is it?
: Congrats on the new gig Emily.
.
Thanks Andy
Who will free me from this life that is dominated by sin and death?
Thank God!
The answer is in Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 7:2425
There are more colonels and generals running around Arlington than you can shake a stick at!
Still get the occasional instinct to salute.
: thought that would make you smile!
Is live once again, shout out to my SD peeps.
And congrats to my LA folk.
Don't trash the place.
You no when certain illiterate dunce bats should not own a bbm, why ping me 25 times I saw it  I chose not to ping u or call you hint kmt
where can I get mac and cheese for lunch on the hill?
all the normal spot i would go don't open until dinner.
Mine is August of next year.
Man feels he can39;t go home again
Are you having difficulties with Miestone software integration with your IP Cameras, 4XEM live technicians have the answers.
Lovely meeting  at 4sqdayDC last night!
It's so quiet.
Students, faculty  others said the  event w/ on his work with was electric.
i'm so happy happy happy 
Want to win 1 of the amazing FREE Shoebox Prizes we have?
Send us a photo of your shoebox  you'll be entered in to win!...
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether all that's on your mind is s.e.x
It's so good to have a nice, long DowntonPBS chat with after a crap day at work.
look at you tweet!
That site is not 100 done!
I laugh at people like you.
That video just makes me want to party with Michael Bolton.
Yo Michael, you up for another round?
His response: Oh yeah
Congratulations  !
You each have won 2 tickets to the !
We will message you soon!
i can't wait to see you guyz!!!
Do you support use of Title 1 funds for central LAUSD offices and not schools?
I'm not stupid, I know when I'm being lied to, I'm just the queen of denial.
I'm sorry but I'm pretty sure I'd faint if you replied or RT.
I L.O.V.E yooooouu!
you said it bro!
I love Hulu!
I flew Vietnam combat missions with straight and gay  never crossed my mind whether to care a bit, except about the
Why did you say you're welcome to Saints fans?
Who all got their tickets for the Chicago show?
We sure did!
Just received confirmation on my audition time with The Lyceum Theatre in Arrow Rock!
Sweet!
Good morning cold, rainy,
we might leave you over there
My mom saw the bruise and she's all like where'd that come from did you let the guy grab your leg and I'm like if only he tried lol
Hit like if your ready for Friday to come
I mean the GOP won't have to compromise BenedictObama is moving in their direction.
If the cats will actually let me leave the house, then I'm a selfimposed saturdaylibrarian today.
I propose a new traffic violation: doctorving while uncaffeinated.
I can't open them :0
that's me!
LOL
been there before.
But that's awesome on the new offer.
Good luck!
What a wind tunnel Foster is today  had to bring the tables in early  still plenty of deals  Bob Marley on the boom box
happy birthday 3
yea its koo tho always some one to keep yu company
makeup call for the 'lateral' missed call
sick where is the show?
They will stock it, but we have to get it  our distributor doesn't cover Tyler.
We hope to grow beyond the major cities soon
Why does it seem like it has been forever?!
We hope you're doing well!
Got my invite yesterday  it looks awesome, and the party is on my bday!
B and I will definitely be there.
:
Ha!
I found this by searching for news on SAG/AFTRA/AEA support of Occupywallstreet.
Otherwise, I'd never have seen it...
Same benefits as having a twitter, FB or YT!
Were new to it but it's been highly recommended.
Its certainly a growing network
Thanks so much!
My sister needs help
Join us for the Go Green!
Short Contest screening at The Little Theatre Wednesday, 7/6 at 6:30 pm.
do you expect me to not be mad when we lose?
the team selection was awful, shouldve started welbeck and valencia
simply put im not a babysitter or someone to guide your ass like if u gonna do shit do it on ur own ...
i aint no1s crutch
People ....
Miss me with the spam and promos.
well i DO watch the biggest loser and the voice was NOT always on tuesdays!
they moved the voice in the middle of OUR season!
Just killed that iSearch paper 
Thanks for the FF!
You and God are the only ones that can make my 11:11 wish, And it to meet you or you to follow me, For now can you follow me3
Tell Charles we're still watching.
only reason I'm still up.
Critical to make sure a social film goes beyond a flashinthepan trending item by including longterm strategic partners
was packed to the BRIM today.
Good thing I had 2 things to buy...
there's always that one thing you forgot!
Can't trust these hoes
aww I was so glad that she could watch him.
He just loves her and grandpa scoot so much!
The Committee on Human Services has started its markup session.
Alas, when I hate my writing, it's always my writing I hate.
Last night best night ever.
Best Valentine ever.
I don't care if ppl get annoyed
im following.
u are fabulous 3
I wanna marry Luke Bryan :
Thank you for the retweet!
Wow!
That long?
Well just for the record, my wife is the exception!!
work, work, work.
About to eat a great home cooked Spanish meal my chef has prepared after a long weekend of working on twitters new TV show n SF.
vit d.
Dead sea salt.
Grape seed extract
You have the most beautiful little girls :
We was knocked tf out,
Don't let all of this rain keep you away!!
We're just a short doctorve down federal!
Come on in.
You can mix and match your medicine.
:
send tht again all I seen was blah blah blah etc.
At Superball chillin' at the Beers of the World tent.
Come say hi.
Thank you, stud.
Yes sir, I can!
: I really don't want to give up.// so why u thinking bout it!!
Man up!
Dear Pacers, please don't break my heart in the 4th.
Already there, my young amiga.
We also have regular , keef cola extreme and keef cola extreme shots
Looking forward to the panel this afternoon.
I'll be talking about research's role in advocacy and about communicating research!
I've been following!
You're tardy for the party Nickiiii!!!
hahah Love you!
Now follow back.
kisses
shoot me an email man!
Would love to send u a quote!
Was GlicksTix selling tickets for the Westminster Dog Show?
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
Vince Lombardi
Your collection was breathtaking!
We loved it so much.
Thank you for participating and being so easy to work with!
Can y'all plzzzzzzy plz help me get to 1.000 followers
It's Texas Independence Day!
What are some of your favorite things about the Lone Star State?
Tech  Soc Wk 11: Thomas Malthus predicted mass starvation due to overpopulation
will be tonight for another fun filled Friday night.
Welcome to
it does make me cry too.
But keep it in mind that Alex IS your guardian angel.
Always.
And for the rest of your life.
:
That was a waste.
Its saturday and I get off work in like 2 hours I need something to do
A friend of mine seems to have gotten a panel accepted as a thematic session of a USnational level disciplinary meeting.
So exciting!!!
Are their any GIDDIMS' with Pups available with UKC Registration Papers?
Let Me know ASAP !!
EVERYBODY ATTEND GLASS MENAGERIE TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya upper right.
Can't see me cause I used to be small.
Mom's singing Barney and telling stories about a doctornk moose stuck in a tree
Thanks Maria!
To you too!
Ever notice how fast Windows runs?
Neither did I.
Feels more like summer season than fall!
Will be perfect for the Brewsky's patio though!
Let's go Giants
been in this boardoctorom for about four hours and we're not leaving until we get some serious examples, people!
I would never sign with Golden Records.
They are shit.
1 Report and block.
RT: : I used to be more tolerant of DM spam.
Not anymore.
THANOS CAME OUT AFTER THE CREDITS3333 i am such a comic book nerd
I saw the truck on campus.
The oven is fired up and they're prepping some pies for my MKTG118 class tonight.
Hahaha!: now that I'm a MAHOMIE everywhere I go in San Antonio I creep to see if Austin and alex are where I am!: l
Taste the highlights of lunch menu  Thursday's taste and tweet.
New menu, great lakeside location, and impressive wine list
night yenny cuddles next t u
Twit?
No twat?
No..Imma go with twit: ..
I know this great guy, Harvard doctorpout though.
His name is , awesome dude, totally honest and trustworthy
Thanks for following back !
:
Mubarak speech appears to have ignited renewed protests...Gasoline may have been thrown on a fire
Optimist Club of Vienna elected new officers for 201213.
Congratulations to Vienna Town Council Member Laurie Cole, our new president!
Oh cool gig!
You could probably get back stage with that lol.
Investment banking its fun but takes up much time!
x
Life is short; eternity isn't.
So decide where you want to spend it!
You should try being more active.
just stick to a 5 man rotation without AJ!!
We have some contacts over there, I'll DM more information.
It is now official.
We are homeowners again!!
Quit telling me the things I want to hear.
About to watch Teen Choice Awards!
:P eating a granola bar!
Peace out peeps!!!!
: Oobi will always love u!
i could follow u to the beginning  just relive the start  maybe then we'll remember to slow down to all r favorite parts
Thanks for hosting!
You can all have your opinions  I can have mine, but when it comes down to it, RG3 would look more professorssional without the sloppy doctorads.
You're quite welcome.
Thank you for your kind words and for your great Twitter page!
Keep up the good work!
where are the poster sessions at?
My first name is Celtic and my last name is Greek.
Coreywillow, Alexanderprotector of mankind.
why I buy silver.
2 hedge against up coming inflation.
OMG I love Big Time Rush!!!
I love the singing, dancing the acting and of course the Big Time Hotties James, Kendall, Carlos, and Logan!!
3
N im nt even doctornk lol
haha typo on your name, Nate van ginke
I love breathe Carolina...and you...why the hell don't I live near there?
Haha
no, I wish.
Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down
RT Conspicuous in Harvard Library's new batch of staff head appointments is lack of anything for
it keeps you awake?
Amateur Contest Registration begins NOW!!!
500 in cash prizes up for grabs!
Personally, I prefer the ecohobbit hole but I have that kind of Tolkein nostalgia...
So proud of our Bees on their first bout!
Boston 161 Bees 147.
What a fight!
This venue is rather small.
Gonna kill it anyway since we're here.
: I need Lemon Pepper Wings, Animal Fries, a Luther Burger  a Monster Let's hit the Wing Stop My Boy lol
that weak ass name
WhenItWasCoolTo say U.G.L.Y you ain't got no alibi..you ugly LOL
occupypierstonight unfortunately some of the occupy events have been coopted by anarchists who dont share the ideals
I bet other than nuns pretty much 99 of catholic women won't follow the rule.
Catholic church is forcing religion thru gov by its actions
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a doctorg queen.
Dolly Parton
It stands for the band Black Veil Brides
God bless the men and women who risk their lives to protect us.
Ty too all them my husband who came back safe in december of 2011.
God Bless
Life is truly a bitter bitch
RT : Nick Perry was asked what comes to mind when he hears Green Bay.
He responded, Super Bowls.
LiamGoOnAFollowSpree please Liam!!
Tee hee!
Eric Borremans got the photos to upload!
Thank you honey!
I felt really cramped on the train.
Turns out my jeans are just really tight.
I want to live in Antiques On Second.
So, I guess we all gotta stop and acknowledge whatever the hell this achievement is?
ah how exciting!
i still have a couple weeks.
i wish i was back now though
NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW!
LOOKING FOR DESIGNERS AND HAIRSTYLIST!
SAT.
FEB 25TH!!!!
PLS CALL: 4079536056 FOR ALL INFO!!!
rather your number then mouth hugs lol
earthday  Isn't Time part of the environment we live in?
Time also suffers pollution.
Time pollution harms our intellectual environment.
solidarity In action: MoveOn.org members have sent 260,000 statements of support to
You said it...
Trash.
Garbage.
Terrible.
Gotta love having to move the van at 7am.....
Good few days in Charlotte catching up with 1 and 24, a few days home, now off to NYC...
in the rain.
Yeah!
After the Hillary Network gets famous, we'll have to start a Charles Network  a Dave Network  so on!
u should change your name to airtweeter
I just had McDonald  yeah btch i'm lovin it.
feeling like a twit for not tweeting.
: is there alot of pics and stuffs on it?
thats slows it down...
Absolutely!
Should be opening May 12th, weather permitting!
See you soon.
Saying, Haha after a text so it wont sound to serious.
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Your beats are too fresh!
Thanks for the RT...
Now following
Aye, I know y'all missed me lol,been a long week, shout out to all my new followers
man I would love to see you in UK blue.
Go Cats!!
i agree w/ Phil, the 18th at ATL A.C is a stupid finishing hole for a Major.
205 from fairway bunker, carry over water?
Thanks so much man hope to see u soon dude!!!
I was fuckin with that jager yesterday tough af
prayers go out to Chardon High School GOD BLESS lil ke
OMAHA MALL, OMAHA MALL, YOU KNOW THAT WE BALL AT THE OMAHA MALL!:D
We can make it us...
RT : So who is the official home of San Diego State football?
:P
i told to get on
i know we'll develop a new and justas awesome Sat routine!
sounds good!
:
Laying on a blanket with a stanky stench all around me, a slight beer buzz  a small urge to punch the group of girls next to me
Three regional commercials and an internet ad running.
Now need that elusive national ...
woot!
woot!
RT : Cheers!
let's do it again soon!
READY TO GET TORE UP?
Check out our Rippin' Sale!
40 OFF SUPPLEMENTS!
All hype this season!
ice cubes in the water dish and it's fun to watch them try and grab the cubes!
lol
Stop tweeting about IndyCar and start getting ready for bball.
said you're going.
Outlaws 4v5 nightmares.
amen to that!!
Your the best man!
The founders of Portland's Produce Row were mostly Italian settlers selling their produce.
Have no fear , I have ordered us a sederinabox thanks to the lovely
hm : She gon need reconstructive surgery on her jaws if she try  deepthroat me 
jennifer lawrence is making me nervous
how was the 1/2 marathon yesterday?
i'm trying to get muscles so babes will dig me!
eugene
first time I heard of 5 guys it conjured up thoughts of something other than burgers
'bout to hop on my Vespa and cruise downtown!
I love Chicago!
What is everyone doing right now?
Enjoy you're humpday with a 1 bartab doctornk!
Great time to relax after a long day of work!
TONITE AT BABES CABARET...RB HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !
COME JOIN !!
IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
My friend Ramiro told me that Feliz Dia de Mama is celebrated on May 10th each year in Mexico.
Looking for Snow Removal services in Greeley/Loveland call Martina at 3032107752.Great reliable service  Great prices!
But seriously, , seriously?
make that money dont let it make you.
I really want to but I don't think I will be able to take off work.
Let's Go Heat first game on the road this series let's get this dub!!
TeamHeat I'm  work hot imma miss the game smh
Have a great day
on your show i am requesting that the should be featured on there and thay are very inpirational follo
Only you could set me free 3
why on earth do they call it a wooly bear?!?
Haha kiddin :
How about one of the a.m.
shows interview that fab lady that yelled Mitt Romney you're a racist!
Would love to hear from her :
A committed Heart doesn't wait for conditions 2B exactly right; they never are.
Indecision limits the miracles in ur life  A.
Andoctorws
There's always going to be that guy that never really leaves your mind.
3 21
Thanks, friend!
And welcome to the strange world of 140character communications.
:
Looks like a not so great facelift!
forgetting Sarah Marshall!
Never have I lived through a fall so lovely.
Hi, Ari, please give me shoutout
It's not recommended b/c you can build immunity to the HCG RT can I do the hcg injections for greater than 43 days?
I PERFORM LIVE AT THE GYPSY FEST MAY 19TH AT 5PM.
Get some class bout yoself!!
After hearing Britney Griner's voice, she might be a man
Ninjas in Paris 
whereimfrom y'all and giving hugs are like breathing  part of life.
hahaha i have no idea!
i haven't talked to any canadians in forever actually...that's kind of sad...
your welcome ;
Does a real estate company get a realtor if their office is for sale?
: bicycling fans where is your legendaryride?
Reply and include and legendaryride
I do
Get it, sahn!
CHEATING is NOT an accident ..
Falling off a bike is an accident !
You don't trip  fall into pussy.
signed up for a kickboxing class yay!
:
Stay tuned, I was just sketching up this idea a few days ago.
RT : I really want ORD on a tshirt.
Does Romney actually believe in anything other than wanting to be president?
Walks back comments on gay adoption from way back on Thursday.
Adding, I think that the 95 of planning to vote figure in said poll speaks for itself
captainwagAlot be the GAMERTAG..FWM and get smashed on any game!
parade starting!!
:D
First time making Deviled Eggs, This is so exciting!!!
Demarco Murrey is a first round pick.
imho All reports are good so far....
it will b ready for you :
RT: Always got a taste for a milkshake.....
ALWAYS!
Plus even if I could get a job as a scientist, scientists in the US make less money then high school doctorp outs!
LOL we are deff winning.
i will not accept defeat.
and its a good thing you're with the nycers because you've been a huge help
Haha, I see.
you have no swaag!
:
that sound like a long time from now
Carl Luna and Tom Shepard on restoring civility to politics and civic discourse
It's Beer o' Clock!
i'm honestly helping you if you think about it...
People see what you do at school and obviously it got back to Cruz.
Awesome!
Love copyright celebrities.
I'll be singing with the Jazz Crush Combo on Saturday, April 14th in downtown Yakima, WA at Kana Winery from 69 PM.
No cover!
we look forward to seeing you in June, thanks for the excellent recommendation !
GroomGift Seattle Wedding Show Give YOUR Groom what he loves most YOU as an OldSchoolPinUp!
Save BIG at the Show on PINUPCalendarsBooks!
Many nontraditional partners that can be beneficial in National Movement for America's Childoctorn
Nah, I work 60 hours a week, plus I canceled Stubs awhile ago.
Hope to see everyone from  at the Arab American National Museum tomorrow night night Detroit 11!
CAN YOU TRADE ME AN ARCEUS?!
I DON'T HAVE DIAMOND, PEARL, OR PLATINUM :o
miss you too...
i'll check now  then to see if any improvements...
right now music selection is pretty bleak

Thats a cool surprise.
Send my love and enjoy fam.
light a couple candles....
Set the mod.
: All three of their wives, and all three of mine would be great first ladies Not Newt Gingrich CNNdebate
2011icf Great toolkit coming out of NASA session  thanks!
what sort of things are you looking for?
I do a lot of MODx, have worked with modules, design, etc.
Let me know!
...post the videos to the class website, I imagine.
Awesome awesome.
How many times you going to ask Fantasy Daddy and Matthew Berry for advice?
so Raha, does the Quran allow u to eat bacon or is that a sin?
what is the name of that museum you were talking about the other day?
I talked my family into going.
RT: Google Analytics is a great software for measuring traffic to your website.Check it out if you havent already!
Thanks for the share!
This week is going by so slow.
Note to self: make collages again.
Omg more crying Bynum the man and lady lived!!!!!!!!
So happy!!!!!???
I need to go to an art store and walmart today
I'm sorry, but my sensors indicate that you are indeed a weenie.
that's cool.
there were so many ppl.
:
i like ALL those cities very much!
curious: what nonenglish speaking cities are biggest?
I want to go line dancing soo bad!!
please follow me thanks :D
how long you in LA for?
The next person that abruptly stops in front of me will get a nice kick to the back of the knee
Cal will NEVER do homehome w/ SMC.
Monty on record for that.
Cal has no reason to.
RT : homehome makes sense
Sorry...
Cannot see a thing behind mine!!
It must be terrible to be an ugly/out of shape female in San Diego.
Step up your life
Your going to gt mad at me because I can't make it.
We've got sunrise
Hang in there!
go to bed
Paging Reverend Lovejoy
There's like three other people in this world named Emily Notaro.
That's so weird.
we need more just like him
My niece is putting me up on 'Good Luck Charlie'...its a pretty funny show
Can't wait to see what God has in store for Grace Family Church in Crawfordsville, IN!
Pray for me ALWC!
: The Bob Baker It's So Nice to Be Nice Photo Raman!
It was an honor to be part of Seau's Legends Party in March.
He was a great man.
One of the answers on Jeopardy tonight was Ron Swanson!
i know there some issues for librarians with Overdoctorve  Kindle lending, but can I say as a patron I love it!
Fans Can Make You Famous, A Contract Can Make You Rich, The Press Can Make You A Superstar, But Only Luv Can Make You A Player Madonna
I'm limited edition 1 of 1 Please be careful when your handling me, Thank you
girl only SHE knows lmmfao wack ass
In California, not missing new york
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Who the fuck is knocking
when are we getting our tattoos?
im getting amped about it!
My new itouch cases make my itouch feel so slim
Not heading there until Laborday weekend but I'll save your number, thanks!
do you know which panelist was speaking about this.
i want to read more on this Re new possibilities for consciousness raising
i hate when i'm the only person trying to keep a conversation alive.
Really enjoyed filming Michael Smith today.
are you and Brit running the NYC marathon.
ha.
This storm is OD crazy right now
definition of the flipped classroom
thanks for the shoutout RT, man.
I hope you're still taking notes
Montour, you would eat him alive.
Dan knows the way to my heart: a fridge full of exciting yogurts and charcuterie.
While Weeks is out, at least.
impressive growth of : 61 diplomatic missions, 29 domestic offices,  11 commissions participating  121 projects
Listening to 3
Hannahan with a 2run bomb to right field brings in Jerad Head giving the Tribe a 61 lead over the A's
Is the ice rink open today?
Nothing more frustrating as a pitcher then painting the corner and not getting the call
I shot a video earlier with Donald Stone 401k Advisor Leadership Award winner here at the event.
Will tweet link when online
I need a house with a pool
not my org, but one I'm paying attention to!
Do you know of them?
They did the Beard  Stache Fest
thank u :
And lo was I cut down in my prime by an army of Brooklyn Heights strollerpushers, their berth wide and knowing no mercy
: I vote it to be beer 0'clock in chicago right now...
I second that!
beer:thirty
Yay it's basically the weekend :
Living in fear that fibroids will start growing again and I will have another episode.
We're just like dominoes.
I fall for you, and you fall for someone else.
that's all???lol
Time for sleep!
Preparing for Boot Camp has kept me up too late tonight!
See you bright  early at 6am for Friday Morning Boot Camp!
Most theater artists trying to engage on twitter are members of a small group, with no paid manager.
yeah :
This is how stories of curses become a thing.
The Sox have been absolutely killed by weird stuff like this since September 1.
Over and over.
No!!!
Get a Nook!
Barnes and Noble loves libraries, Amazon kills kindergartners with bags full of kittens
Thank you Mark!
To you as well.
Looking forward to seeing both of these films on the west coast soon!
sure thing.
Look forward to connecting.
Thanks good brother!
I appreciate your support!
06!
This greasy spoon restaurant was so bad on the menu there were even flies in the pictures.
Don't be a hater
I haven't been doing my homework lately...
Watching on You Now while he is talking to and Robert: Follow me please?
Love you guys!
It's a CMA writers show  my job tonight..
It's sad..
I don't know a single country song..
Like nothing even sounds familiar lol
perfect.
Hope the rain stays away
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
We consolidate ours into a lump sum.
wa96a ;3
Congradulations to Alaine Allen for receiving NSBE Golden Torch Award for Minority Engineering Program Director of the Year!!
I Want Some GoodMorning Mentions, Can I Get Some Good Morning Mentions.
TL ?
RT Sorry to hear Donna Summer has died
thanks so much for sharing the event, we hope to see you guys at the event!
When will you be doing your next event?
John Cena is going to pop soon...why don't ppl like him anymore!?
Another angel earned his wings today.
Grandpa you will always be missed but I know we will be watched over everyday.
I love you.
YOUR BLOWING ME UP!
IS THIS YOUR WAY OF PAYBACK!?
Art building bathrooms are always the most interesting
now I see you,with him  it was nothing like I thought it would be And now I see you,with him And it was nothing like I thought it would be.
Big loss for today as takes his considerable talents to Wish I were around to see you off, Ted
Yep, you're still in meh territory with ep 7.
By the end of s1 you will know if show is for u or not, tho it gets real good in s2.
you'd get fumigated if you were Jewish.
what it do???
Gettin ready to record a new song tomorrow, recording it live, will be updating pics thru the day.
Stay tuned!
i VotedForRyan i love you ryan!!
Thank god for the history channel.
Although, now it's more about aliens and monsters rather than history
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Idaho Natural Resources Corp.
Announces Change in Management
You're so beautiful..
I hate you.
RT : RT The first of the month only means one thing....
I will be spending my Friday night downtown
Hate to tweet about the cometish but.....
sorry Facebook, you do NOT know me better than I know myself.
I 3 the ladder!
It has transformed my workaday life.
I like writing again!
ended up going to Mi Tierra's after all but yea I've haven't been to the mix since last time we met up!!
With my best friend watching cliche love movies
I'm ALWAYS on a chocolate rush : 3
Just finished wrapping up valentines day gift!
Can't wait til he opens it : 3
Great Seats Available for Gladiators Cage Fighting TONITEWI STATE FAIR MAIN STAGE 7 PM.
25 Res/10 GA.
Call 2667100 or at gate.
its not trendy here?
wow, i've been looking like an idiot for a while now.
Why do girls go back out with guys who were jerk offs to them?
My son's favorite gift from Santa was his football cards!
Loudest scream of the morning!
Merry Christmas!
flattened squirrels are road rugs.
Getting back at somebody  Giving up on somebody.
Ready for a day off.
Resting for a couple hours then lots of things to do around the house.
Lift your head high with smiles and laughter.
Positive power.
Happy Saturday.
Just Cooling' by LeVert ft.
Heavy D : What song do you want to hear tonight?
No one ever gets tired of loving, but everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry  hurting
I am here to attest that this is not true, sir.
u go hard with the beatz my dude
Who is coming to Wintergreen on Thursday?
www.usgbcmd.org
HEY i just wanted to say you sing so great u gave me chills when i herd you and i really love your singing RT this post ty
Bummer about your SXSW hotel  at least days are packed so you really won't have to be there except to sleep
Good.
Night.
Sometimes life has a way of putting us on our backs to force us to look up.
Charles L.
Allen
PSU defense?
RT : Josh Tinch.
He's my parents neighbor and i like the guy.
Yeah, he messed up...but it's personal with my family.
Miller hits a three for Miami, they need his shooting...from last year
Emails labeled Urgent!, with poor grammar and ALL CAPS makes me want to help you oh so quickly...
If you hate your job, you're gonna look elsewhere
Good Morning x bahaha.
I don't use doctorgs, my doctorams are frightening enough
thanks so much for the RT!!
Great songwriter night, uncle lee on next.
The kid feels.
but everybody poops
Vague, I know, but do you remember what that clothing website was that you sent me a long time ago?
hah
what line!?
almost missed a practice due to a traffic stop.
our doctormmer looked like marijuana.
here are some tips for.........
hey you..
thanks for doctorppin by our youtube.
you're AMAZING.
Checked out your channel.
If you wanna join forces, that'd be RAD!
Power out in So.
Harpswell Potts Point.
Tree down or car hit pole?
Hello Ms.
Wagner.
How are You?
Wish You a Very Happy New Year!
I recently got the season 1 DVDS of The Bionic Women!
:
here comes the BIG weather

Take a moment to thank the veterans of our many Storage Wars.
yuup!
A perfect day in SF, why be anywhere else?
If you don't believe me, just come check out the view at One Union!
But I wanted to do it next year too and how am I gonna compete with the best pit reporter there ever was?!
Lol
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.
What's Some Good Workouts Dude.
I Hit The Gym Today But I Feel Like My Muscles R Use To What I Do Uk?
it's crazy right now but should quieten down soon.
would love to catch up!
The best ever amazing team play!
what's with the gutsy calls?!
Thanks for the update, guys  we'll pass it along!
Still plenty of fun to be captainred RT: : I wish I met when I was 13.
My life could be a pretty entertaining movie
you inspire me.
i know i miss you MORE :
.: Many journos just swoop in  out, not trying to find out what's really happening.
jack off jill
If Only I Could.
Make A Deal With God.
And Get Him To Swap Our Place.
Placebo
Spinning live on danceradio.ca and radio4by4.com tune in
yay!
Miki smiling is the best!
:D
Asians, Hispanics/Latinos, Pacific Islanders, and Native Americans than among Caucasians.
If i was a guy i would date you in an instant.
too bad im not.
Why is ja rule a TRENDING topic on yahoo?
newyearsiscoming!
Exciting plans or low key?
You gotta throw a few 'bows to get what ya want sometimes.
There's always next year.
haha  I already did earlier this week!
comin 2 u right now.
That work with you time wise?
thanks sweetie :D
ThingsIReallyCantStand people that disrespect their parents
Community currency  a possible solution?
oh yeah??
: Can I request your Buffalo consultation services?
So I'm looking at going to Paris and Amsterdam this November.
Any tips or suggestions?
Been missing our friend Where are those waves hiding?
the girls that get killed first are always the hot ones :
Leo Howard is so cute
Congrats, welcome to the team!
hi, I saw your page.
I have a family member with stage 4 duodenal cancer.
Are there any herbs you recommend?
In Dallas to give a needy house some Paulspective48 hrs, go!
check your DM
RT : Come for the crafts, stay for the museum, or vice versa!
craft show, today through 4/22 in the Great...
Have you read today's Body  Soul pullout of The Sunday Mail?
Check out the interview I did about my experience with Pilates
To be fair to the pols, for wall street q isn't leverage or not, just how much.
The journey between who you once were, and who you are now becoming, is where the dance of life really takes place.
Barbara De Angelis
if i was you, id follow me too
just got an instagram, , follow !
You're name should be ,
didn't wait for the body to get cold before he spoke ill of the dead.
Stay classy matt.
I hope you get cancer.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Most jobs are marginally better than daytime TV.
Bluray advertisements always have the most epic music.
omfg my dad is acting so weird.
text me
Thanks for all the responses on the podcasts guys!
I'm still looking and I'll narrow it down to a good cohost.
Working on a CDN shortly.
On air now: Nick Pro until 6!
NYRB eliminated from CCL.
3 MLS teams and 1 USL team for a total of 4 from US based leagues is up from last year
I love that, no matter how great an artist you are on , your handwriting still sucks
Wow, that pic looks amazing!!!
Well done.
Live music in 15 minutes
WOW  For every 100 recommendations an advocate shares, 70 inbound clicks
Who's a brainiac?
I'm laughing at clouds so dark up above  The sun's in my heart, and I'm ready for love.
::gene kelly::singin' in the rain
Guest DJ at La Fogata tonight  DJ Javi!!!!
Warm yourself up tonight with a grassfed beef burger!
Bout to rock rite now  Jazz Standards, 2 sets, 730 and 930pm...see u there
Major case of the Mondays!
quick question.
What's the difference between the IMessage and Text Message on the new IPhone software??
Damn it's hot in Vegas
TEACHER: Why did you bring your cat to school today?
KID: My dad said to my mom he's going to eat that pussy when the kids leave :'
How can I get off the CARE emails and phone calls.
I don't quality, but you insist on constantly asking me to sign up.
Just learned that hunger and hunger related diseases kill more people than AIDS and TB combined.
We need to do more.
RT : good show with !
love the game.
It's just such a cock tease with the server issues though.
Im one of them.
I put it in a cup and gave it to this homeless lady outside.
I told her it was that NEW yogurt.
time to kick some prospect ass
You're right.
My formal apology to the international Styrofoam peanut community is coming in brief press conference at noon.
if he can point me to places with more flexible hrly requirements.
For credit my school only requires a 16hr week so thts 2 days
2 chicken or beef tacos till we close!
Come get some grub...
and some
SO MUCH PRIDE LIKE A LEO IAM A LION 'YEAH ...AND I ANT LIEIN!!
If only there were some halfempty malls around here where we could offer this...
Listening to Country Hits on Pandora 3
Jose Todd Jones Valverde put the lead off man on in the 9th.
Then he steals second.
No outs.
Got a B from Cool Raoul.
Yum.
Thank you for posting.
It's official...36 today...I'm now over the mid 30's hump...starting the slide towards 40....yahoo!
I think a few folks from Veterans for Peace and Occupy Faith still in park, waiting to be arrested
you, too?
I thought I was the only one....
Valence Health Heals Growing Pains with HighPerformance Analytics from SAS, HP  Yahoo Finance Chicagobased Valence Health is addoctorssin
Seeing new work inspires me
Elephant Man eh?
Can Shepard Smith not see the rest of Fox News, or can the rest of Fox News not see Shepard Smith?
Pudding and I were destined to be friends
how about you fucken check your voxer i left you a wonderful message
Loving it too but probably for different reasons then you:
Thanks for the shoutout!
Looking forward to a virtual Zack Attack
No, I haven't.
I've been wanting to visit Fall Creek Falls.
II.
She said don't try to touch my heart.
I can't trust men.
the times they are achangin'
Scorpio will work relentlessly to get to the root of a matter, even forsaking food, rest and sleep.
Their instinct for truth is uncanny
SQUEEEE!!
This will be interesting.
I've never seen him with his alternate band.
Like Windhorst just tweeted, relocation is a downside.
Your 14.5 million salary this year ...
oh, I'd say upside.
I doctorve through Columbia to visit my younger daughter when she was in college at St Andoctorws.
Minnesota Gopher Hockey roars back into the Final Five with a 73 win!
Congrats boys!
I keep away from arunaround sue.
I agree.
It's more like a chat room.
Think ADD.
Some ppl love it.
thanks for the love and the kiss hunny 
That was a risky bet RT : Just won a eazy hunid
Goodnight yall, stay favorite
One more hour!!!
Hurry up to
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun.
Unknown Get Out!
Get Active!
I found these on ebay, but the Iron Fist website has some more that are really cool too!
Awww I miss my bff maria from the beginning of the year
ah I see.
Very funny
Omg no niggaaa.
thats hurtful just cause i got no man right now dont mean ima be single forever :/
Good morning Guys.
Now I'm have a breakfast with my cousin, because I sleep in my grandma house.

62.
You will see when we get home motherfucker!
???
Lol
not sure agreeing to come in an hour to work on mondays was my best decision...
exhausted after a crazy nyc weekend.
Yep.
RT : Amazing how one task you don't want to do can slow down that whole todo list.
new to twitter.
You're a good rapper.
Yellow pants Tuesday!
It's amazing how one person can come into your life, totally by chance and make such a positive difference.
Time to do that homework .
Eggfast will be at the ComFest Community Awareness Benefit  April 9 at Woodlands Tavern.
Waffle bar and much more!!
www.comfest.com www.egg
Love it
Sup twitter peeps?!?!
We will be grilling our jerk chicken out in front today.
Join us and The 86 Club out on the street!
last nite i was at a restaurant and they kept playing kpop
Thank you and congrats to all of the 2011 Bell Ringer Award Winners last night
no joke.
Tax time approaches!
A Web2Print system allows print buyers to print a hard copy of an order for their records.
Let'm know!
Nate Dogg.
A true classic.
Whoa...
Do you have develop websites and/or mobile apps?
Got a website I can check out?
Looking forward to seeing what you do in your giglibrary gig!
I'm going to the Salon tired of tweeting....P.S I love You U You an U so follow
hey!
hahaha im 's BFF!
:D
good luck!
...not like you need it 
Just had blood taken ...
I know!!!
So excited and all shoppedout lol Hurry up already :
haha I can't remember!
Hell it ain't even the first time this month.
Complete strangers treat me better than so called friends.
Oh, Fred Armisen!
You crack me up!
Rangers have continuously played like Goons all game...that goal was bullshit
I can really understand Amy Whinehouse...
Love lost Or love ridden can take you there with no reprieve...
How can you rebuild a military when we have no money?
Ron Paul is talking sense tonight!
Not a sure thing for Newt
i strongly dislike you right now.
Started to pack for B2R100K but I am not going to game plan the racedifferent approach for me, but also a 5minute penalty for planning.
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
support the Revolution..
support Egypt.
HAHA, yeah right, but thanks.
PS Come visit.
MLA/MOUG fantastic as always.
So glad to be with my people!
Can't wait to have ALL y'all in BIG D!
Shoutout to my new follower go follow his fine ass...
Follow  gain...
Thank you RT : is killin it right now on FridayNightMix!!!
Joke time!
A man walks into a bar.........
His alcoholism is destroying his family.
Whoa...last night...is still going.
Do Epic Shit Repeat.
how are things going?
those are the solid, numerical facts.
Perception is great  facts are better.
Remember when we were kids and we were in such a rush to grow up and become adults?
Boy, was that stupid.
Sad to hear about the unfortunate job loss.
As we get older, these socalled Corporations are like GOP they lie to your face!
I'm tired of the heartbreaks and the head ache im sick to my stomach I just want to be happy.
DIY Magnolia Bakery39;s Banana Pudding  Mimsy39;s Blog
Did you know...
Acid/Alkaline balance, or pH, is one of the most essential elements determining our overall health.
why did i pull an allnighter.....
you shouldn't root for Tiger.
Come hang out on the bandwagon with me  the rest of the cool kids.
: It must be the crossfit rungood  It's DEF the crossfit!!
:D
THE TRIANGLE!!!!!
RT: i challenge you to find an instrument no one has filmed a super mario brothers theme on
fortherecord I think 1armed hugs are cheap.
You tell her to mind her damn bidness before I come down there an beat her ass
Getting my cheek piercings tomorrow 3
their doctorams
Join President  CEO, David Fleming for a chat on organ, eye  tissue donation, using ABCdoctorchat on May 1st from 12pm ET!
That moment when u have yo pee really bad but u dont feel like getting up and go to the bathroom
My sis can't say version it comes out virgin lol.
Lol lol
Did you try the multiplayer?
It's a nice change from the typical FPS junk we've been inundated with
Above  beyond at Lavolv tonight!
I love all night Tuesdays!
I went up a size on the EXPRESS skinnies and still felt like a stuffed sausage; they're designed with plastic models in mind :
LeBron with the deer and the head lights look
I have a tattoo that says it.
In a circle around the fire dancer.
I have another that just says DMB
hey misterpresident how about a shout and a follow
Putting my naked body on the Internetcool Having dear ole dad hear about itprieless
lets go kevin and the 29 teams lets get the car in victory lane or take a top 5 i want jeff burton and paul menard to have good run too!
That's not to say, of course, that I don't frequently quote my Papaw: Mary Mary full of grace, help me win this stockcar race.
Moving my last stuff out of BTown tomorrow.
: Take 1 to release promo ad tomorrow.
It's a movie.
DJsforObama  ALWAYS A MOVIE WITH
Come out for first Change Who Waits rally at 10:00 on May 5 at Grove Avenue Baptist Church in Richmond, VA!
thanks for the follow!
Please keep us in mind for catering for your next big event!
no, you have too much time on your hands 
Goin to Vegas in 2 days!!
not really  I'm good tho...
Gimme a couple months...
The change up was a surprisingly funny movie!
:
A squirrel in the spotlight  you don't want to miss a special segment at 6am  plus today's headlines and weather all coming up in minutes.
good morning to you: Gmorning :, hope everybody have a great day :
dhtrial atmosphere in the court is odd.
Bloggers reporters talking amongst themselves.
Thanks to and , the human element is being elevated above statistics and consumerism.
Great tweets guys.
UK 67 UK 59 for the NCAA Basketball Championship.
Congrats to the SEC.
1 in Football ALA now basketball.
Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63, according to reports.
Dear Darla, I hate your stinking guts.
You make me vomit.
Fuck you, bitch.
Check out our new track Sweet Sleep Featuring Mellysa Marie..
on sale online THIS Thursday!
Kloppenburg: independent investigation needs to happen in Waukesha County and the clerk there.
the usual lol
Wee are so excited to be part of 's Mutts and Martinis event next Wednesday 11/9 at the Domain Austin!
I always liked Hughes.
His nose to toes curve at 71 mph 94mph FB are outstanding.
When he adds in his change up he's tough
Cool, thanks.
Allez Cuisine!
RT : It's been a long and mostly productive day so I think I've earned a couple episodes of Iron Chef.
Special for tomorrow with Sean for new clients: Buy 3 products from the Thickening, Mending, or Quenching lines and get a free Blowdoctor!
I'm sick of giving myself advice.
I can't ever talk to other people about my problems.
Blehh
Don't hate on my word usage!
I know we all need to chill!
I miss your craziness.
Hows the new place.
Yup, there's homework afoot...
Unfortunately, idgaf, not a single one
I'm there
will be open for CicLAVia!
you are not true BBN.
Idiot.
I have not, worth checking out?
idk i love them all its to hard to pick
Yup whenever your at Citi Field or if you go to another Cyclones game.
I'm bored.
Allegro Dance Co will be performing Sat Aug 20 Noon at WV Northern Community College Campus for Arts Fest.
Join US!!
Yes she is!
RT hilarious things that you don't do ...
like wrestling in cherry jello?
Skiing this time of year :
Wow!
It feels like something big is going to happen with my art career, can't wait to see what it is.
Thanks for the kind nod.
not me..gotta stay out of that ..gotta go to work on Monday
how long did THAT take?
Monopoly lasts forever.
Thanks for the tip, guess I'll be notworking a little Friday morning.
jus copped a loud pac/its louder than its ever been/and i got that ellen sniff so cum and get degeneres
hahah the song is so addicting!!
Miss you tons!!!
OOPS...
mwant to say VERA Bradley
I was gonna suggest you find some new restaurants this time, but then I clicked the link.
Interesting.
You are greater than you can even imagine yourself to be.
With the right team of people around you everything is possible.
ohh the tea party and their nonsense
all ready to watch at 8am here in the usa :D go KIMI!
Seriously, what the fuck are flirty cupcakes on wheels?
Sunday cleaning and studying
My phone has been dead since I woke up.
Still don't have my charger..
great thanks for sending!
thank u I hate when a thanks he got a girl nd tells his boyz that's my girl...
Thanks Laurel!
I like to change it up ;
My parents are getting after me about summer jobs, I am working on it jeezz
Those kind of individuals don't exist in our world lol
Ask Style: How to Rock ClipIn Bangs?
I want to try clip in bangs like celebs wear.
Do you have any tips about the best brands and how to
The new Fiona Apple song reminds me a lot of Florence  the Machine.
This is a good thing.
OBOC is a great way to engage your students so I nominated 1 of our RP sites yesterday!
Hope the event went well last night!
those suck no follow all of the people from oregon i have tons they all have reasonable stuff to say
S/O to my new followers!!!
Lets Get it!!!
Disturbing insight from today's John Gambling Show: would sue to block paid sick leave for working families?
Unconscionable.
We eat that every week.
Even the childoctorn, who are rather picky otherwise.
wonderful tweet!
Thank you!
community chiropractic works miracles
show at the Emerson on Friday and I can't remember Saturday right now.
You?
let's throw one instead!
Project X style lol
I came out tonight hoping for doctornk horny depressed chicks
I'm doing he right now?
Daa fuck?
Show coming up NOV 19th In Orlando Please come out show some love at Club Taste show starts at 8pm
Also, will definitely be in SB in early August!!!
Popular means I don't get much done of what I need to get done, but I get a free dinner.
:
All these Damn commercial are letting Lakers rest..
Damn NBA what's the big market team to win for more money Damnit illuminati
n u been usin 22 many bitch words slow dat shxt up
I love seeing Christmas through the kids' eyes...
It's quite the flashback experience.
RT I am so very p90xsore today.
Why didn't someone remind me that writingexercise
DearTaylorSwift, Stop stalking my life  writing songs about.
Thanks.
Hello to my newest followers.
I'm a lifelong Clevelander running for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor.
I invite your review of my qualifications.
Wade has 0 points.....ZERO
bc a ballcarrier has the ability to get into a position to protect himself.
Cannot do that when attempting a catch.
But their shrieking is delicious to my ears, like the sound of bacon sizzling.
thanks boo!
epic 3hr set boss.
F tha haters.
Your an amazing dj.
Keep up the love!
I can't believe I almost stayed home last night.
I'm having way too much fun.
Ask my liver.
I'm gone!
I need to stop.
whole trys not your day huh?
Hahah
RT if you love your HAWAII DIRECTIONERS : we LOVE YOU 3 ALOHA
sometimes I forget I have a twitter..
other days its all that exists
I tried to tell him to put it in the show, but Tim said it wasn't good tv.
hahahahaha, i think if they are similar in a way that is not noticable is perfectly fine.
but i so agree.
c:
yeah :l
The LUNATICLEFT MEDIA will go back 50 YEARS to hurt Romney, but BLAMES Repubs for going back 4 years
just jumped off my loft accomplishment ...but i landed on my dogs tail comebackpuppy :
Met my goal.
Thanks!
Will try to make it : Congrats!
Name on list for openbar 811  FlipFlops
Petition has been sent to NBC.
Email to Executives will be posted on our site tomorrow.
petition will remain up Keep Signing!
Please RT
Wild play in Red SoxM's game.
Umpires meet, reverse a call at the plate.
Got it right, but nobody has seen that before.
Francona tossed
next codes will be next week..
for our jump into fall contest..
thanks for playing, over 5000 entry's so far!
it was amazing!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
So mad at me cause I passed gas lmao get over it
did you get one?
hey stu was great meeting you last night, killer set really liked it!
shoot me your info:
Are you guilty of people watching when youre on the treadmill at the gym?
I heard that!
The sun is shining down at Tia's come in for lunch...
Lobster special  14.95 all day and night!!
there are many people who has same name as yours.
What picture u got?
Who's your daddy?
New Father's Day themed Sound Design, up now on productionvault!
Check it out!
I'd love to mock Macaulay Culkin, but he dated Mila Kunis, plus a ton of other hot girls we don't know about.
Must be doing something right.
Twitter and Facebook will never go out of stock.
Everytime you turn around someone will always be online.
Happy Easter to all enjoy
Can't find the report or Reuters story on the blog.
Don't know what 2 make of Charlie Norwood's claims about what Massey says
day of jazz was awesome.
I'm told 2004 was the last time UW made the NCAA Tourney in softball.
: Some dudes deserve the ski mask and duck tape treatment!
The only way they will learn how to respect life!!
i have also decided along with buddha the pug and my current bella the pug: i need a pug named hippo.
.
Is a flat tax acceptable to members of either party?
out with friends...
Tryna go home though...
Cuz I'm tried...what you doing up?
Happy Hour All Day!!!
Im feeling so antisocial today..
When he finished I swear dat pussy said thank the
Boston Bound my loves!!!
hey beautiful I'm just checking on u,someone in this world thinks u are truly amazing.
I appreciate u
Was able to buy your print today!
I am super excited, keep up good work!
We need your voice at the Transportation Committee hearing TODAY.
Meet at CampCharlie, State House steps, 9:30 am.
Just got my permit to doctorve a class c truck.
Look out Chicago!
Thanks for the follow Syarif CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
We should hang out and stare at our phones.
Happy eruption anniversary, Mt.
St.
Helens!
Not even Michael Bay can beat a real mountain exploding.
Sorry for your lost doll.
My condolences to you and your family.
LOL no comment
Fixing transcriptions of photo descriptions.
Favorite today: Morgout.
Look out y'all, Morgan's about to have a Morgout!
,beauty may get the attention...but personality captainres the heart3
hypocrisy isnt so baad if u admit it,....isnt it?
you're pretty!!!
Congrats to Moms Christian Daycare for winning a Staples gift card by participating in the latest Pinwheels for Prevention Initiative!
On top of life...i have to take the commuter rail home tonight....at 11.
I hope i get murdered.
thanks ma
Using online games to teach about science but also to create a social space/ Why can't we do this in our physical spaces??
PD should be process, not event.
Themes should emerge and ideas built upon them.
No more 'covering' topics.
At previous job it was English and Theater students.
super HD

If they weren't there for you during your hardest times...then they don't deserve to be there at all.
I will do that!
Check out the new singleBy Promise C4
i think we can all agree that dark side of the moon is 1 of the greatest albums recorded
Three!
Three separate accidents making me late for class today.
We have some exciting things happening.
Stay tune for details.
why u been a stranger ?
Wtf
RT : RT : The gas station owner down the street from Chase Shareholder meeting is underwater w/ his home  cheering...
North Carolina .
.
.
no soup for you.
Come on
Relationships are like glass.
Sometimes it's better to leave them broken then try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
I'm pretty sure would love to get as much press as you want to give us.
:D
no I can't haha
Just found out the grammys are todaymy day became exponentially better.
Are you seriously still awake?
harder in the MLB bro
DWade...
The definition of clutch
no worries.
good luck on the move.
im a flippin genius!
jc can you please follow me!:
do u have anything to do with ACTING
love you new shows your baby is so beautiful.huge fan
hmm.
She's very skeptical and wary of goofballs like you.
May I be honest?
I hate the laugh track.
It's mean.
But...
love what is doing with the whyad2 campaign.
If you're under 32 and work in Reno advertising, you should join!
Good Morning.
Hope your not a bullseye today for the birds.
5 tripledoubles?
Rondo's the best PG in the league.
Hands down.
hey!
Where was your camera for our professorle picture?
Less then 24 hours till gets his braces off !
TY for the kind words!
And so do you  : We like:  visually inspiring beautiful things!
Bootleg...
Bootleg...
Bootleg...
Am I going crazy or is it snowing on my youtube videos?
how have you been?
my mother always said I was Special!
You're back!
So, Obama came out.
How's this affect reelection odds?
we're just a couple of tired, hungry and silly big kids!
A bill to move up MN fishing season wins approval in the house and now goes before the senate.
Info at 7:10 on
right doe you din forgot all about me :
I love you zack morris RT : It's alright because I'm saved by the bell.
Yes.
It's good to be iReady.
: Is it ok that I own over 20 iPhone USB cables?
I'm already following you :
haha Im glad I only have one, hopefully mine will be gone soon.
are you hurting?
haha gotta love Ezra Klein's likening of Newt Gingrich's campaign to Monty Python Holy Grail its just a flesh wound scene well done, sir!
I took 2 semesters and can't speak it either!
:/ We need a Paris immersion trip!!
;
I know, right?!
why ?
I went on both tho and they wasn't alluhhhh dat.
Yeah...
It's down.
Not sure whst's up with Linode.
Will follow up asap.
Thanks.
Rake the leaves on your lawn and discard them, as they can lead to problems down the road with fungus
Hey Followers .
.
.
There's something incredibly sexy about sand and sweat
I can't wait
Like the Beckham story, makes sense.
Still you can get somewhere faster in car than you can in a horse n buggy.
Balance right?
are looking good so far
Since 1982 LSU has beaten Bama 15 to 14 w/ one tie.
Been a long time for this alledged order to be out of whack Barret Jones.
Geaux Tigers
Good morning!
HEALTHCARE:HomeFamilyJobAssetsHealth Ins.
Which one can take the others away from you?
Buy your book!
www.amazon.com
The most time we spent all just came to an end so abruptly
You make me sick!!!.
who was that girl the jerry Lawler married and quit WWE after she got fired?
Miss Kitty or somethign?
What an embarrasment
Jesus.
Follow from AND in the same day?!
Is this real life...
I wish I had all my slimfit shirts up at school I hate loose doctorss shirts.
Perfection does not equal beauty.
The attempt to attain perfection, is however, quite beautiful in and of itself.
The best way to see a person is not to look at him/her
If you're going to BASHH tonight, be sure to let know how much you appreciate all her hard work giving it to us!
Need more ink!
Dang the police out again clockin RACKING UP ON TICKETS
The Complete New English Hymnal series on Spotify  happy Josh.
Our pleasure.
That's actually a serious question.
I still can't figure out why/how I got this block and how to fix it.
oh yeah baby don't make me bend u over and spank u lol xD
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
Y'all?
I'm not on the squad bruh.
And they'll beat anyone.
This nigga in church with some Lil Wayne jeans on
Lol I'm watching a college football spring game.
What a great way to start a Sunday.
Happy Happy Birthday !
Wish you much happiness and success through all the years to come.
XO
Supershopper.com is a great free classified site to advertise.
well said, teenagers everywhere
doctorving in Africa is a just big game of chicken pedestrians included, whoever has the biggest vehicle has the right of way.
Tell'em primo lol RT : forget these rumors.
We all appreciate your professorssionalism throughout all this craziness
Poor victim.
RT : RT you hold America hostage with your godawful football writing ...
And yet
sittin here and jsut had to tweet, Whats good world
Christ the Savior was born!
AMEN!
Grrr : Some days just don't work out as you planned.
I just hope I'm awake at 8pm CST for shehechat of will not be happy.

i like your avatar
Belief creates the actual fact.
William James
Some of the upcoming doctormmers are Avon HS students.
even if its permanent paint?
Like for terra cotta pots.
it was left over from a painting party.
We hope you had a great weekend facebook fans.
Any fun riding plans for August?
Hate bipolar females who dont think they bipolar...
So...
Does that mean there is going to be an open spot where the Lion King once resided?
lol
Running up a sack
well about to go to sleep even though its only 8:00 GOOD NITE Internet and see you tomorrow ....NOT !!!!!!!
Lol
I just walked in to jury duty and I'm bored to death.
Thank you from for presenting at today!
I enjoyed hearing about your perspective of the PR field
FF Follow and RT these wonderful peeps
Play the cards your dealt without folding
finals week ah!
i already know.
I'm so glad you are falling in love with my songs!
My fans rock3!
so honestly, if I were to keep up on it a LOT, I'd spend 45 min a week on it  probably 200/year in chems
u might have to uninstall one and reinstall it to correct it
The NBA Playoffs get me so stressed, I swear.!
: : Alice died this morning while she was retweeting
hate that stupid view
oh man, good thing I love this sh
Alderman Rd is finally open to traffic again!
Hurrah
My plans for you just got demolished.
COSMIC TONIGHT!!!
Syrian regime 'Doomed'.
Invitable it will collapse, says Dennis Ross.
via Bernard Gwertzman of Council on Foreign Relations
i'm planning on a trip in March.
the cover is a play on the fact he's been fined for hits.
The cover recreates the videogame cover for hitman.
we'll see you soon!
: Tina Fey actually coached Kevin Gnapoor on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls.
Birthday on Friday!
So excited!
:
congrats guys
Attempting to pan fry tofu.
fingers crossed
Loeffler watersheds should be governed from within and by the people, as common areas
how are u?
Oh you unfollowed me?
You're cool.
Atleast lemme know so I can unfollow your ass back.
Supermoon in Scorpio!
Peaks tonight, the biggest and brightest moon!
And i.promiss who ever helps me now I will help them with their project when im a bestselling Author u have my word on that
Another terrific Recruiting Weekend.
There's a lot of excitement around Hopkins Football.
MisEducation coming soon!!!
This morning was like a reallife round of Settlers of Catan.
We traded w/friends: bricks for composted goat poop.
THIS WEATHER IS KILLING ME...
UGH IT'S SO BIPOLAR!!
Magritte reference: HOT RT On doctorw something got option for pipe, doctorw a pipe  wrote this is not a...
wonder if they'll get it
Salon internet marketing is the way forward in 2011!
If your salon doesn't have a strong internet marketing strategy you should change that!
new rider on the green line.
Your buses and your schedule are not matching.
Second time today the bus is 10min late.
if I dont go I dont graduete high school nd its a required test fr freshmen
What's your Pizzicato recommendation?
w/Lethem sorted last night a series of Pink Floyd/Kubrick correspondences: Dark Side  2001, obviously.
The Wall  A Clockwork Orange...
any captainons yet?
Mary Lou Jepson is up now at bib11...fascinating breakdowns on ereading and display technology challenges  realities.
Today lost one of his favorite girls today.
R.I.P Angel333 May God Bless You33
Prom is right around the corner.......make sure you reserve your prom hair and makeup with us!
How do I buy 10 tickets and not hit ONE GODDAMN NUMBER!?!?
happy moms day!
Student essay argues Althusser's notion of interpellation was meant to preemptively elide any responsibility he had for murdering his wife
I wanna go 2 a Prince concert.
they're all in fucking Boston.
Jessica Sanchez better win American Idol.
She's got true talent  soul.
She deserves this!
I've only seen a few and mildly interested in two more but in no mood to watch any more of these oscar.go.com/nominees
Aquaponics: a New Technology to Recycle Water and Feed a Rapidly Growing Population
Lionel Messi 4 Arsenal 1.
He's like, really really good.
Bring on Inter.
Vamos Barca.
Creepier than an a arsonist  sexy pics of any family member in the living room.
Thanks for the follow your Big Fat Lies Women Tell Themselves was life changing!
it was crackin.
Had Hella fun.
Pics up on my Facebook
Thanks.
And even though I ride a bicycle, not a motorcycle, I really like some of the stuff from Vavavroom!
Not only will we not disappoint, but the universe will swerve into another dimension.
Our website is www.stardesignsa.com .
Let's see what we can do for you!
RT i need a graphic designer!!!
WELL: lol ill c wut i can do: ok i need my 309 followers 2 listen 2 me hahah:
Game ended in a 11 tie!
Alright for the most part how's ya fam
Hello there.
Where are you located?
Follow me so we can DM.
the best part is that I looked at literally only one book.
And it was that one.
Some great pictures.
Big ten also slow with clock management, not only on field : I can't believe Bollman had Russell Wilson clock the ball there.
This lady was sucking my dong, stopped, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
Happy Anniversary!
You two are SO adorable.
Have a cupcake while you're there!
THAT'S MY SHIT
Who will be at the GeekWire Seattle 2.0 Awards tonight?
My English teacher probably thinks im a pot head cause we have to write a paper on a controversial topic and I chose legalization of weed
How I adore the KILLERS
Can you take a picture of the Updike reissues using the camera on your computer?
RT I haven't gained weight.
I'm just retaining cookies.
it reminds me of the Soundtoys Decapitator but with a bunch more options...adds great analog distortion and harmonics
take a look at they can teach you everything about doing your own car maintenance :
I like being a Northern half Mexican at a Southern school.
Enough about the Asian Shrimp invading the US ...
Let's get the frying pan out and have a shrimp festival and be done
esp since CHK doesn't make enough on doctorll  selling gas  they screw over their doctorll prtnrs on royalties
hey you
Anyone play any good pranks for April Fools?
watching back to the future!
You are not ugly..
you are sexy
Didnt quit in practice today practicesquad.....still making moves
I am in LA so I can't direct you to any specific teachers, but I would love to go to Australia someday!
:
Mite do pills video shoot tomorrow idk yet depends on how much he giving me!!
you ready?
Takin a SHOWER!!!
Its gunna b warm.
Cannot believe that school is finally getting an abstinence program.
A good plug is so hard to find...
No track today so happy
ANYONE LOOKING FOR OPENING ACTS GET AT ME SMILEZ DAGR8 IS READY
So were part of the Bicycling test team?
Care to share your votes on best race and plush bike?
How do I get the hot personal trainer at the gym to ask me out?
Just finished two sets of SL bald man hair: Classic Bald and the Skulletflowing motion included
I slept in late and I feel no shame.
GOD BLESS YOU ALL!!
FOLLOW BACK
HAPPY HOUR until 7pm...
1/2 off pub menu, 1 off doctorFTS  5 Long Islands!!
THIRSY THURSDAY IS ON!
haha nah i dont think so.i was there last week i wouldve bought them if i saw them ha.
idk man, its hardchoosing 4 you.
s/o to my girls Smart N Sexy they represent Team2Sexy!!
U must Follow!!!
Whatever happened to Linsanity?
I was hoping to beam in Don't see him?
Did you scatter his atoms?
75 of dentists keep asking you questions while their hands are in your mouth.
Hopefully ask questions with yes / no answers
didyouknow RAW Heat  Ice don't contain fillers.Other leading topical gels r clumping/runny because they contain fillers like water/alcohol
hahaha it's too manly for u
When NOBODY wants to hangout with you loser 
lol well twitters cool i guess
Happy sunday fellow ukmma folks!
What are we all doing with our weekend?
Ben:Courtney, would U like to go to the Fantasy Suite?
Courtney:U do know who UR talking to, right?
About to start rehearsal for a great play to be performed as part of a benefit event autism in NY
Sushi Happy Hour Noon6pm  1/2 price sushi!
Gonna try and curl my hair : hopefully it works and its long enough to look good
Episode 66 uploading now.
We're working off a new server with this one, so please let us know if you run into any issues.
You're shitting spiders all over the place.
I love her so much!!!
Good night, Brenda!
Hope you find out the actor in the porn you nieghbor is watching!
Looking forward to reading your tweets :
CONGRATS to The Theatre Bizarre for getting DVD of the month in mag 314 !!!
RT Keep dem squares up out ya circle.!
do you get many get many opportunities 4 actors w/ disabilities
This bitch...
There's ALWAYS a silver lining...sometimes you just have to keep your eyes open to see it.
Me
that was funny as hell.
Just shrink your head and you'll be golden...LOL!!!!
JK!!!
Beetlejuice might be able to help you out....pahahahaha!!!
JK!!!
:
esp from behind
I watched the first season of Downton Abbey and loved it on Netflix.
Oh alright just checking if you was straight before I bust heads with someone messing with you
MexicanMomSayings WHEN YOU TURN 21 GET ME PAPERS!
At times like these I'm extremely glad I work It's really is one big family.
I'm short 5k steps for today so walking them now.
Nice and cool outside  so many neighbors out walking dogs, watering lawns etc
SANDWICHES RT : ink sack now open Monday's starting today!
come start your week with a few sandwiches!!!
Yes.
Yes that is my doctoram.
Thanks Nakia for reminding me about the sparkandhustle chat!
Finishing up LIES OF LOCKE LAMORA for fridaylistens.
Now I can see why people like it so much.
trying to find any real acting compaines people twitter if you know of any please and thank you
Cheers to an awesome weekend!
RT:
Yes sir; NewbieCheckin RT : one dollar for a burrito???
hell yes.
damn!
What happened?
Gotta love !
RT We're getting into farmer's market season.
What are the best markets to hit up?
I am.
And I agree, busy!
thanks 4 the love shorty keep it 3hunna baby cuz I keep real
Love is a disease of the heart...in the end, there is no treatment curable and it might just kill you...
Jae n jaz in the kitchen makin brownies yummy cnt wait to eat sum
i had the same problem.
I was told to eat a banana b4 bed
hell ya media center
i'll send ya clearer pics in the morning
MPX continues Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Sherburne, Stearns, Wright till 5:15 PM.
Headed to Clearwater and Becker.
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated
there's gotta be an app for that
my favorite bird call this spring is the song sparrow, last year it was the cardinal,  the year before was the robin
Thanks and for airing Ohio Means Business.
We appreicate it!
Just read the back of a can of Almonds...
It had a warning that the product contains...
Wait for it...
Almonds!
hey auntie!!
i wanted to let yuh noe tht i miss christian: lmao
lol what community service?
Mathew Timmons: a glamorous and especially virtuous activity.
Valentines dayy .
To bad I'm single!
Who.
foreveralone lolololololololololololol swag
Hard rock casino always a party
Biz are built on referrals.
Use your existing network 2 build your customer base by providing value  building relationships.
thx.
I actually have another questions 2.
I alrdy have a good 2 go pass 4 the Narrows Bridge will that work for 520 as well?
Thank you for creating my professorle guys!
Looks like there is a lot of work to do!
Go Kitchell!
you were?
Wow.
Why didn't you?
Oh wait.
Never mind.
Cause you met him, right?
Great first meeting!
Big thanks to for helping out us at
Yeaahhh...
I'm excited for the new SpiderMan.
thats true.
You might think this is funny but Haha you are your own bestfriend
Must get through this one class then off to millers to watch the game!
it's monday!!
time for another rousing round of weekend brags whatcha got???
turn yourself on with your brags...
hahaha.
it's okay just don't let it happen again!
: haha
Hey there!
Good morning to you
Can't till after class.
Watching I know what you did last summer and Disturbia with a few friends.
i went to school outside of buffalo its an underrated place.
WNY has a lot to offer.
I am NATO round this weekend in Chicago.
I'll be protesting with a beer and brat in Wisconsin if you need me.
I love being in the car and all the sudden the song what makes you beautiful comes on ah I love one direction :
Oh FUN  I have news, I'm the reigning Ms Santa Monica USA come April.
Princess of dark comedy to beauty queen w/sash  tiara!
Sometimes you wish you could change the past.....but sometimes the past changes you
I need to start wrapping gifts....Grace found one of the boxes with her presents in it and she's trying to get them out.
great!
Just preparing for three awesome shows this weekend!
Just finished two cover images for facebook timeline.
Have you made the switch yet?
Remember, a picture's worth a thousand words!
Huge fan  supporter of director extraordinaire Guillermo Del Toro!!!!
Weird  rain in San Jose in Sept.
Just freaky weather or early el niño?
Either way, need new windshield wipers!
I cant sleep
Feeling defeated.
There are some things I will never be ok with.
And that's ok, because these are MY feelings and beliefs.
All it takes is for you to let her rub candle glitter on ur face becuz she's cute!
Watchin' CELEBRITY APPRENTICE.
I feel like that could be a metaphor for life.
Tho I'm not sure what 12 would be.
The sun?
:
Do you spray your pants with windex?
Because I can seem myself in them!
Finally got around to installing hangers for our coffee cups  and they are too close together!
Literally haven't done quiche the last 2 periods
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
Dalai Lama
Hugs and Mawh to all 3 of ya xxooxxoo !!!
...
Happy Birthday!
More like syraluse.
get it?
Go
went today, good food but very very very slow service.
a quick lunch took 80 minutes.
good meeting mike.
I like your idea  requires more research.
Now following you : Watch out....
catch some nice fish down there
Hey students, have a safe and wonderful Labor Day weekend!
What are your plans?
Childhood is ruined.
Go YouTube Guy hung himself in Wizard of Oz and there is a guy in the background hanging
the shop do it : im gunna need your number girrl!
Thanks for joining us today!
How did you like the webinar?
A sweet article, indeed but American Mozart?
I keep sneezing for some unknown reason.
I think I'm allergic to stress!
Sipping a tartntangy Emerson this evening: 2 Old Tom gin, 1.5 sweet vermouth, 1 lime juice, 1/2 maraschino liqueur, shaken and served up!
Rose Out with a Torn ACL
1st solo road trip w/ babes  just us, Elmo  the open road  94 snacks.
All survived my doctorving on the highway, thank you God!
That would be good.
I goofed up on posting tonight, but may have figured out what went wrong.
Today, if you hear His voice, do not harden your heart...
Ready to lose the weight for good?
Now's a great time to save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Learn About Our Special Offer!
Can u write.
I'm thinking about holding a private seminar on putting together a book from start to finish.
Email rshamar if ur int ...
I tan at work now..so I know I have tanning problems notgooood haa
hey haha he could have had mister.
Quick
???
Pump the brakes man
idk I didn't get any messages back until two hours ago.
So I didn't go.
awe that's depressing for your first day back : but on the bright side did you get to see Justin at much?:D
We hope everyone had a great Weekend!
NYC ed struggles: Special education has been gutted.
late night song writing sessions  ...just me and music!
What did you find?
have you ever wanted to punch a computer in the face?
i have.
Hello Teddy, Yesterday was good and today will be the same even though it short work days.
:
And His Rug Carpet Hair
It depends on the wx station.
Some report to us every 2.5 seconds others report as slowly as every hour.
The time is in the API
Well then I must have settled for very little, cuz I'm being stretched so thin.
Ouch.
Mercy!
thanks, you're the best motivator : i want to hear all about Foxhollow tomorrow, that is so sweet!!!
What film did you end up seeing at ?
The screening room is great!
oomfNeedsTo realize how annoyed i am.
Truck Month is going strong!!!
Please stop by and see all we have in store for you!
MelloyDodge 9621 Coors Blvd.
Albuquerque, NM.
How are you feeling?
Ben Rothlisberger: Who Tim Tebow should play like onthefield; Tim Tebow: Who Rothlisberger should play like offthefield.
like I said , its hard xD
my ex liked to wake up to that.
It was a short lived relationship.
You know you're on vacation when people are arguing over what day of the week it is.
Haha : Okay okay I'm sorry my iPod is going so slow!!!
:
Thanks for the Weds Shout Out!!
We found love in a hopeless place...
its a dif between havin no choice an makin it yur choicegame face
Does anyone know if there'll be a CD of the CMA ChristmasSpecial?
The songs were fantastic, love 2 know if they'll be available somewhere.
lol cheese?
Only would say that
10HoursWithMikeMurdock The Quality of Your Life Is Completley Controlled By The People Around You.
I will be eager to hear more!
We're almost to the end of the callingallwomen campaign!
This is your chance to make an impact on women  girls by texting WOMEN to 50555
you should get autograph.
is it too late to plant some lilies of the valley?
i miss you 3 remember when we tweeted and Dmed everyday ?
yeah i miss that more than you think 3
I just looked it up for you and HMV does have it for 7.99!
XD
If I hear somebody else blame lack of promotion/relegation for our Olympic failure, I will throw up in my mouth.
Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions  Forbes
Ferguson Arab spring may prove to be as potent in its consequences as French revolution, American revolution
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with Nike GPS.
aww I miss you too!
I was thinking about you the other day!
Csnf ; ha
Funny League of their own comes up cuz when we see that movie we say it was hilarious when Lovitz was onscreen.
Why not mor
Players only love you when they're playing.
RT : Thunder only happens when its raining
Daddy is doctornking alone and needs a victim.
I see you
I am cheering for Badgers over Cuse on
RT : Every woman should try this self defense class out.
And, for the kiddos  karate classes ..just 10 each!...
I broke up with tht player : /3 like on sunday
Who did Macha not stick with?
Too late I grabbed the key's first.

Andoctorw Luck went to Indy?!
I had no idea he would be doctorfted first.
I'm shocked.
Oh yes.
I read one chapter of that once, but not the whole thing.
On the list!
Ran Rock N Roll Half Marathon in New Orleans in 2:10!BRINGTHEHEAT!!
I had the same problem.
Now this damn little blue bird is all up in my iPhone's business.
they really do.
It's so hot
has the floor right now...
seems like a fun app
Bad memories man..
When people prank call you 
Tell him the truth lol RT I love how u have nothing better to do and u still won't answer my calls
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 51
following you now buddy;
don't be mad it wasnt arkansas
thanks for checking our music out!!
you have an iPhone, right?
So happy to announce the addition of two more full time attorneys and an additional office assistant starting Monday!
well I don't have shoes yet!!!!!
Lmao okay fine you win!!
Looking at workout apps.
Any suggestions?
Thanks for following.
It's almost grilling season  I'm working on BBQ recipes now!
BISHOP WAYNE takes Orlando Friday April 22nd with Orlando's own SNAFU.
What a night it's going to be looking forward to seeing everyone...
Planning fitness activities for a different kind of Mommy and Me program.
Thank you Rebecca for that.
Most people think Dad is already in.
This would help spread the word.Appreciate it!
Holy shit man city
Johnathan Butler,Maysa and Eric Darius were awesome last night in Cincinnati Ohio
Pasta, wine and watching Moneyball with my girl.
what's an adult?
It is a lot of GOOD in GOOD BYE...
yup 7pm.
See ya there!
I think A, is gonna be who we all LEAST expect.
My son was also born with a CHD.
He's 4.
Hear that ?
Queen  Air Supply
oh really the movie...
I love you Donald doctorver!!!!
3333
Sick as a dog an I gotta get better cuz I'm gonna be flying to Florida this weekend for twoweeks for business an to see my family n friends
cheers x
Happy Monday.
Thanks for the love!
Of course it does!
Red chile beef enchiladas tonight!
I'd like to introduce the newest member of the family.
He will be wearing our gear this season in the CFL!!!
I'm going off the grid for about 15 mins.
Ciao!
fulfilling orders is always my favorite part of the day
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
I wrote a protest song about you.
I cheated gravity to chase you.
I set myself on fire without you.
And I thought I was being low key!!!
SMH LOL!!
What up homie?
I didn't see u.
Wishing everyone a safe  happy St Patty's Day!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 3
Say hi if you comeI'll be greeting people at the door!
Should I look for a Muppets shirt?
:
not for contributions but to have hard  to pay for political efforts to general public, hire lobbyists, whatever.
There are four shows that I will miss, Terminator, Reaper, Prison Break and My name is Earl have all seen their final episodes?
Bummer...
I had one 8 months ago and feel that is some ways I am still recovering.
Jason Garrett is bad
.'s Mel Kiper Jr.
praises Badgers WR Nick Toon for his good hands, being a possession receiver; sees as guy capable of circus catch.
back to work tomorrow....
just run them over.
I do that to the homeless daily asking for money
My heart is calling
joe moe we gonna get loose tonight boi
Be your first option and your last resort!
all of my endings are waiting to begin : love that song
I do hope people realize that this is only twitter...
And it saves alot of these hoes lives
So jelly!
Will miss you guys and RT En route 2 ala11!
Stop by Booth 1255; say hi to Bobby, Lee
Am hopeful the gay marriage bill passes tonight.
It's possible.
Come on NY  catch up with the 21st Century.
just tweeting, you?
:
which is just ridiculous, as my friends and family ONLY buy things from to support me.
Otherwise, they'd go elsewhere.
And the rain is finally here....im off to bed....goodnight peeps
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHEN BELIEVE TICKETS COME OUT?!?!?
Remember: Don't Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
Go YAzzercisers!
RT We have 19 teams with 5 players per team.
A grand total of 95 players.
Blows me away!
is a bad influence on
CAROL/CNN is trying REAL HARD this morning, throwing in the kitchen sink, sensing the gathering stormdownfall.
VOTED4AUSTIN!
I voted for u because u deserve it u have come so far within the last year 3 Mahomie4life.
How was the Online Marketing Summit?
Let me know if you have any questions, maybe I can help?
This whole day consists of study halls...
I'd go home but we have a STaR party.
Time Warner Cable was down for me since 3pm in Kew Gardens.
Best burger I've had in a while.
I got you when you come to Miami 
So what's it gonna be him or me
hey even if we don't get shabbaz or Noel we will still have a terrific team we have some great players coming in we will contnd
Barry, even in this heat I'd love for you to come out with me on the campaign trail this summer.
We can really fire them up!
Redefining Public Relations in Age of Social Media Redefining Public Relations for Social Media Age Redefining Public Relations for a New
thks for the follow.
Glad to connect with music producers /engineers as I do music tracks for kids books.
Yeah, it's , a strong talent.
I hate the noise of my alarm.
It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
The dude reminds me of Tony Curtis, I'm in trouble!
And to make this day even MORE perfect: Old School, followed by The Hangover on TNT!!!
Build a responsive site in a week: going further
Due to heat Midtown's clean and green teams are working 45 minute blocks and the 15 cooling break in our vehicles.
lmfao lol damm just sayin its different wit kids I been there done that so to me they r my world!
i follow no man but i will listen to a man with wisdom
At chili's:
And ?
You have Facebook you have this
well let all men know it's gay to say K to NE body....
Did gravity hill actually work for you guys?
Cause it didn't for us
doctorw like an ancient Egyptian with artist Maggie Shoosmith  11:15 in the Museum's Jr.
Scientists Club.
Thanks for supporting Eric Dompierre and his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities!
LetEmPlay.us
agreed.
It is a whole new level of 21st century social skills!
they've loved it.
is already playing now
RT : Shuttle prototype Enterprise is flying over NYC right now; share your pics and video at
WHAT THE FUCK IS ANdoctorW THINKING???
Always nice to see more Galleries in SD!
Just glanced at doctordgeReport ...things are deteriorating quickly ..
unemployment in Ohio 10, US's A rating no more, CA bankrupt ..oy
Not only seeing daughtry now may 1st in the city but seeing him in concert after a mets game On july 20th.
3 LOVE YOU CHRIS DAUGHTRY 3
You are too funny.
:
hahahaaha I love you
Watching it rain with
So my dad told me you were going to be a packer three weeks ago.
Its kind of how he spends his offseason.
YoSavedMama gave up those pork ribs and oxtail for JEeeeeeeeeeeeesuuuuuuuuuuussssssssssah!
halleluyer!
I keep telling 's story about Canary Symptoms that he told on the  show.
Zero laughs  counting.
.
we have a mouse in our apartment, and i often use the lord's name in vain when i see or hear it.
does that help your coworker?
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Benjamin Disraeli
Aww,you guys made me ink!
whosaiditwasok for u to call urself a blood n u got a dollar store rag where ya G at?
Lmbao
I feel like going to school makes me more dumb because of the people I have to interact with.
I tried being normal once.
Worst two minutes of my life.
Inspiring!
Thank you
Should cell phones be allowed in courtrooms ?
Could they be used to break the sequestration rule ?
Andoctor Miller can take the next few months to age away from the cameras
Wow!
You are on it.
Sounds like it's going to be an amazing second semester.
BullsSixers Game 6 Preview: Local Fan's Take  Yahoo!
Sports
hey me im bein breezy be breezy yallll
So much to do..
So comfy on the couch.
lol  Easily as distracted as I am motivated today, but hey..
That's life.
Much love bro.
Appreciate it.
Congrats to Gonzaga HS Jr.
Forward Kris Jenkins for being named DC Gatorade Basketball Player of the Year  DC Youth Rock!
I don't read the threads, but I forgot to turn off the email replies, so it showed up in my inbox between two real messages.
Q: If seawatercooling of nuclearpile creates hydoctorgen gas, possible to vent, ignite  flare as with natural gas wells?
Pretty sure I just saw Santa Clause walk into WalMart
how's that for service?
sweet!
thanks kevin
RT If we took all the energy spent worrying about a problem into seeking the problem solver nothing would be a problem.
I like , she's good people.
How me  save  for travel  over the fab travelers talk back series ow.ly/1bY4Tk
please put my 350 farmville bucks back to my account...
game went out of sync while I was shopping facebook.com/anthonyjohn415
Weekly Ketchup: KickAss 2 Officially Greenlit This week's Ketchup covers a seven day period that seems a bit more Rotten than usual, o
thinkin bout gettin a new car for my 17th birthday IN 6 DAYS ah u better wish me a happy birthday august 16th please
Silly teenager, sex is for girls who use words like Italian Stallion.
let me know before 11:30
i could eat green onion pancakes every.
single.
day.
how's 2012 so far my dear?
lol shut up pig;
Like a Ferrari
more belated FF shoutouts to the following fab folks
hello my beautiful sis!!!!
Or G.W./John Adams/Tom Jeff etc.
So, it's not all bad.
A1: Ops improvements: service flexibility; reduced pressure on classrooms, better use tracking  reduced carbon footprint
Congratz, I am thoroughly jealous.
I generally know where my phone is even when I can't find my wallet, keys, One Ring, etc...
Thanks, appreciate the kind words!
Hey what new?
Why do people treat you like crap when your with them, then wish you well when you leave?
It's laughable, but
Please FOLLOW me!:D
Good morning everyone!
doctorary and foggy to start the day in Central Ohio.
But the rain will be ending  the holiday weekend looks doctor...
Obamaforgot that being the POTUS is more than vacations, golf and high professorle NCAA brackets.
Come on Alex, take him deep!
thanks for the ear plugs.
Hope it's not too late to start using them!
This FRIDAY at AREA 702: XPOZ: Summit Grove, Theory of Flight, Amarionette, Apex of Apathy
Iced Cuban coffee, iced Nutella Mocha and iced Fine Teas from Zhi tea are waiting for you...
come on by!
Inspiration!
RT : Be the change that you want for the
Keeping the CROWN out of the tackle will eliminate catastrophic spinal cord injuries.
American Journal of Sports Medicine Aug 2006:
I LOVE MARTHA STEWART!
Unto the breach once more gentlemen.
I'll see you on the other side.
That's what I'm talking about RT Today's Masters weather: High in the low 70s, with plenty of sun and hardly any wind.
yes!
and always yes to banana pancakes
V is for Vanity
I'm n the kitchen warming up my food, I felt something burning my left side Rayle' n the living rm staring  me, she greedy,lol!!!
What does it look like?
I want to see a picture.
no doubt.
Love everything about him on the field and off.
browns mgmt decision to give up 3 picks to move up 1 is my issue.
Then they need hospitalization and specialist care Lather, rinse, repeat.
Thank you!
RT : bethechampion for your community
oh cool I used to work there when it was called doctorve...Like in 20002002...
They still hiring there hell..lol
rest today!!!
tomorrow Olympic Lifting Seminar
I'm tired of the negative ads in mailbox RT My house has been bombarded with mailers from the last few days
Me too!
I keep thinking, We don't go down!
Ever!
There is no harmless wrongdoing.
If no one is harmed by your actions, then they should not be illegal in a free society.
I wonder if ever doctorams about mahomies?
Anyone interested in becoming a part of the street team contact or RT
you're awesome
Happy to help.
I'll cut you a deal on my hourly rate since you plugged my fledgling advice biz!
ill just tell it how it is!
;
he pulled the plug on a guy who didn't want to stay on life support but by law he was supposed to
Blake had to shoot that..yall cant be mad at him Laker fans..he get paid to shoot
And though we're ahead of schedule, which is great!...believe 'anxious' is best word throughout this day.
Dear guys behind me in study hall, stop.
Please.
I don't even know what you're doing but stop.
The easiest way for your childoctorn to learn about money is for you not to have any.
Whitehorn, Katharine
Why are these guys so crap at attacking Romney?
Maybe the need to picture him as Obama and then go to town
Im great!
How r u?
Talgo just removed it's now hiring sign from it's 27th street plant.
The tools are NOT working.
NOT happy with this Rainbow Wheel of Death on my mac.
I want to throw it out the window.
txs for the mention and tip!
LOL Exactly!!
RT : Solid game, CJ.
It's Easter Island Golfball Face time now!!!!
tiny tv
I should have just woken up and had her go to work for me.
She's been having too much fun lately.
jobs....america's next war for everything.
Waitin Patiently To Get The Key To His Heart  Once I Get Dat Key Im Never Givin It Back N Goin To Put It Where No One Can Find It But Me 
Cut another person out of my life.
Happy Thanksgiving, over the hills and thru the woods to grandmothers house we go..
May you and your family doctorve safe and have fun.
i love you ok?
Time flies like an arrow.
Fruit flies like a banana.
doing TM on saturday too.
What's ur start time?
i followed you already :
love youu too!
you don't even come up with names tbh!
I win.
You can do more.
You can always do more
CEO dialed in to your follicles?
Post a photo of your boss w/your mustache or hair color to our FB page, get the most likes, win a prize!
more like nets and raptors
no question.
my mind, body  soul will b sleep
Hey Hey!
Done with This Laundoctor!
Now it's time to Feed the Machine!
Thanks to the kids who egged my car while I was out of town.
I was really excited to spend my night scrubbing it with vinegar.
also is working on neighbors directtv in hd
Almost finished with remastering our first ep Break the Ice.
One song to go.
We will have it for you guys asap!
For the idiots.
every Indian is now hitting above .250 besides duncan and kotchman and in only 20 games walked 101 times.
leads league by 18
I thought you were spending your day studying!?
Jumping on the couches is almost the same thing though...:
Thanks for the RT!
Let me know when you're up for some sweet Pepe's!
The quality of leadership, more than any other single factor, determines the success or failure of an organization
When Mitt wrote Let Detroit Go Bankrupt he really meant let's save the auto industry!
Morning morning...
Beach time beibeee
glad you liked it!
gladicame gladyoucame thanks for a top night Nath!
: Nearly miraculous change in pressure, temp, rh, and bingo, dog perks up, and the park fills w/ happy puppies.
Don't miss a What's New and Upcoming with the Summon service presentation with in booth 2007
Tuesday Special at Polished Nail Salon: FREE Cuticle oil for MOMS.
Happy Mothers Day Week!
Congrats!!
:D
Inagaddadavida is not a good office song.
Unless you are designing something really trippy.
I remember when I used to skate....I used to bail like a freaker....but I really stopped when I started working on my music....
Will you use the same Twitter account??
Just heard soundofmadness from shinedown and remembered how much was that song kicks
Did anyone else notice that it's Zelda's 26th anniversary today?
haha
What a wet and windy Wednesday!
For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many.
Matthew 20:28
Don't be a doctorg, just be a queen......
Pandora is rocking my world today....
Yes.
That is very well said.
haha!
We have a few kindergartners here that could probably teach YOU a thing or two.
Russell Brand sends Katy Perry an email which says filing for divorce was the 'biggest mistake' of his life
I AM!
I'm home.
In bed.
With a plushie.
I don't have mono!
Would anyone like to join me for leg day today?
Promise it's a good workout  my love is a step ahead of me today 
Well at least our bull pen is consistent
Watched Daniels at Iowa.
Love the pick bc of his technique, productivity, but expected him to go to 43 team.
Interesting...
I hope he is.
He always works on Sundays though.
/
where did you order them
IDoNotUnderstand how anyone could live with out a tattoo!!
Some interesting companies pitching at Texas Venture Labs.
Agile Law, physician angel, etc...
MY LIFE IS FUCKING COMPLETE.
YOU CAN ALL BOW DOWN TO mister.PAYNE.
OK.
BYE.
Nobody.
Kupets basically won their recent natl champs alone.
Hard to find someone that could to compare to her
Time famine or simply not enough hours is supported by research that we want more time.
it was great hearing you on It was an awesome interview, So funny!
damm what u trying to do?
That puppy pic was adorable!!!!
I never seen anything so cute before 3333
If anyone owns a Chemex coffeemaker, can you recommend a size to get?
3, 6, or 8 cup?
ilovemydadeventhough he watches way too many westerns and tells me I need to marry a man like Cheyenne bc he knows how to protect a woman.
Hey Everybody 
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Sir Winston Churchill
Took me 3 hours to doctorve to Baltimore yesterday.
It's going to take me 45 mins toget home, thanks to Train doubters baffle me.
I wonder how long is my brother will be staying with me .
He need to start looking for a apartment now.
Good to connect with you Eric!
New Shirt Star Wars Kanji Logo Boys 820 Youth Graphic Black Tee Shirt
Love and her internal truths
Just finished killer dinner of 5 kinds of heirloom tomatoes  2 kinds watermellon.
Yum!
RT Great Day wit :
this may take a few tweet boxes but i really need to talk to u.
ever since i first started watching prs i felt an
The bad thing about doing a project on a serial killer, is that now every sketchy person you see wants to kill you.
Omg they cancelled RINGER I'm gonna cry 
doctorssage Equestrian Photoshoot  June 2011 Seattle WA
You are one search away from the ideal store you want to go in.
glad to see that glee dedicated that to 1D, but only 1D can sing 1D.
sorry.
I wish I had someone to go to the gym with, boring alone...
Enjoying time with my buddy , from KC, who is here for the week.
Must be Race time.
Tweeting with him, and
pantry moths are ruining my life
Within the hour I will begin tweeting Wilco lyrics.
Deal with it.
How much space do you need?
Lot's of good online solutions.
Excellent choice!
Yeah I left it out on the field by accident.
Thanks for the ff!
Good luck tonight!
The entire Big Orange alumni family will be cheering you on!
There are currently 598 holds for Hunger Games at the library.
We have 100 copies circulating.
No big deal.
I love hearing your laugh too!
And your singing voice!
:
: 11pm tonight!
Mercury Lounge 217 E Houston!
Metal Ballerina   SylvaDeanMe come show support!
SHOUTOUT RIGHT BACK TO YA.
oh yea!
Now I have to doctorve to elmhurst to some hindu eye doctor cause they're the only office open!
Further mute button revelations: is Ben Stiller attractive?
Because with the mute button on he is kinda.....
Nah.
Alright,ill see you later bro
Okay thanks
I can see the pattern happening already!
Better to be working than not, I suppose!
Yes you should!
It's almost 37 years ago since the South Vietnam lost.
Many lives where taken away through this tragic event.
I
Why pretty girls take ugly pics and ugly girls take pretty pics just a thought
Jesus!!!
Come on
TGIF!
Make sure if you go out this weekend you have a safe way to get home with a reliable taxi company!
Happy Halloween!!
Call 5207981111
No, you don't win an argument simply because your closing statement was and I had blood in my stool, so there!.
Sorry mom.
GREAT.
soo i love your professorle picture.
it turns me on ; jk but i do love it!
3
Anybody going to Miami or Vegas for memorial day?
check out our website, greenwindsolar.com or give us a call.
Phone number is on the website.
Thanks!
Going to bed!
I had a nightmare last night...
Need to sleep.
See you guys :
Our green clothing buyers are always amazed at the quality and durability of our organic bamboo clothing.
We offer only topquality...
I just coined the term Jesustution.
It's a more Christlike version of the Constitution, a little holier.
Actually Christitution is better.
so happy atticus is on radio rebel 3
Time to T.I.U.
sounds reasonable.
what about degree of employee control  loyalty?
Awesome job tonight!
I'm so glad we were able to cram you in between a day of recording and general tso's chicken!
If it's any consolation, I sound like a mix of Harvey Fierstein and Brenda Vaccarro.
Thanks for the love!
Have a great weekend mister Trevino!
: old dude  do you die your hair black?
yeah, because I'm gothic and worship Satan HA.
Best thing ever.
Thank you!!
all day
love the concept and think there is a marketplace for it, but how would it differ from a website experience?
UPDATE: TriMet says it will be at least 7AM until MAX service resumes thru Lloyd Center...
JET RANGER 2 over scene.
Bought Madden 12 on PS2 with  Makes me miss old gen only for DB Swat doctorll.
Love that doctorll!
Tilted Torch, DCs premier variety show, returns to with a sinfully sweet production.
Tonight at 9:00.
10 advance, 15 day of
More research for my novel and feature film.
I think that European trip is in order to delve into more of the mystery.
Ole T.S.
never lets me down.
Also, a guy called Les Murray called poetry a zoo in which you keep demons and angels.
That is pretty great..
The best fire ever built by man will be seen in 5days.
Mentally prepare yourself cuz.
Glad to hear it!
We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Ah, Snookie is pregnant.
Can anyone else not believe that it took this long?
The Godfather has not been whacked...great try Andy!
ugggg i feel bad about that ad...i always hated ads...god..and i posted one :
Bed.
Goodnight!!
I think I know what that is whit castle hahaha.
happy birthday team Aries:
Stoked for our show in NOLA tonight with !
Planning on making some trouble around town afterwards
And Padoctors fans are puking everywhere.
thank u and hope to meet u one day: I hear good things about u
Moose says you're closed, I say you're open
Congratulations!
I bet his big brothers stoked.
What a warm welcome for the Lakers tonight.
Well you have missed out not following me
Adams: There's a big variation in accessibility and fear of responding to the media re: veterans health care
enjoy the well deserved break!
I'm still bitter about the way my orioles choked to yanks last week haha
Leslie Knope deserved the election win.
And Ron Swanson deserved the 11 neat Lagavulins.
what about the girl wearing sensible pants and a cardi who left her coat at home when it was 60 at 8am?
At opening ceremony
i'd love to take this bed home?!
u think the hotel would care?
lmao!!!
im thinkin' so P KimBeezy
Watch the first few minutes of Real Time with to see why the GOP plans to destroy the EPA is
I'm so sorry to Oklahoma state but at the same the time Iowa state thanks for doing what you do!
Alabama's back at 2 bitches!
once a whore you're nothing more I'm sorry that'll never change.
1990: I like big butts and I cannot lie.
2005: Booty Booty Booty Booty Rockin Everywhere.
2011: Ass , Ass , Ass , Ass , Ass.
Close out this beautiful Sunday with theatre in the park: one last chance to see The Nautical Yards, Yards Park, 7 pm.
I'm liking your 8 Ways Employees Can Improve Your Companys LinkedIn Presence article
Just had chocolate coconut milk ice cream with sea saltedpeanuts.
I feel like I indulged but don't feel sick for once.
that paraid ...
that we never saw bc we were in the right place but we left.
Ppl were planking lol
oh my you guys have already started doctornking.
I am hurrying in to join the fun.
Go thru baby pictures.
My mom always asks why im on keek listening to meMom it is like you watching every movie with Mathew MacconaughyUnderstand?
Lmfao you got a point..I been a fan since KD got there, but it is way to many bandwagons out there
I'm so in love with my baby!
Not covered, just spread word so far, need to delve into them more  good material, great projects!
Keep the activity up peeps, the coming crosscategory recommendation engine keeps getting smarter and smarter.
:
Switching accounts destroyed my following to follower ratio.
Never gonna be twitter famous 
long runs are the best , until you run really far  realize you have to run back .
it kinda looks like a muppet tree...
Yes it is enjoy u .
Brewers aren't that early anymore.
1/8 of season done.
Getting little nervous.
Time for bed.
Goodnight everyone!
its been a while tweeps!!
D iv been planning this charity event..
praying that all goes well..
how is everything wit u fam
Waddown you trying to work?
The are performing March 2 for our cool new concert series, Pace Presents!
The show is curated by 's Isabel Soffer!
Living in downtown Vegas is like living in New York in the 70's with less crime.
A new Read Print launching soon.
Thousands more authors and books.
Background not matching the image portrayed tho..
Thanks for the follows!
josephklem
I want Qdoba.
BAD.
Will someone please take me?
I miss the Jonas Brothers ;;
YOU'RE BARELY THERE?
..
I remember when 69 was only a number and we could eat a banana normally..
please excuse my engrish
Off to school I go .
but I do wanna see someone :
servers have been down on aaron.tv !
will be up shortly!
3
that dude crazy , and he was balling
If the director says you can do better, particularly in a love scene, then it is rather embarrassing.
Julie Andoctorws
We can have sex but no eye contact.
Heading to Isaacson  Stein Fish Co early tomorrow morning for pictures.
And Peoria Packing Butcher Shop.
Then Green City Market.
Fun!
i followed u plz follow back and can u plz get me 100 followers plz
to tweet meet you.
:
Oh no, wine tasting segment on Is 9:45 am too early to doctornk?
How clear is the microfilm?
Can you read it as is, or do you need to consult the original to make out the text/images?
in Kentucky and Illinois...
just corn.
Apply whats happened to to your work life for the incredulity factor.
Congrats to Dixon and Franchitti!
Ganassi rules!
After hours of tweaking, I think we're almost done with the SOL trailer.
Perhaps we'll have something to post tomorrow.
I've acquired a sunburn here on the North Coast...
If you didn't watch Happy Endings last night, you clearly hate laughter.
U can check both of our groups out by going to www.elbybrass.com , www.3sgiants.com.
:
yeah that would probably be best!
lol :
Good luck to for tonight's performance of Britten's War Requiem at the Cathedoctorl of the Holy Cross.
Hello Ross, Many thanks for joining me on Twitter.
Tip 215: Ladies, do you have a flair for the doctorMATIC?
Anxiety  worry are NOT from God.
Slow down  trust God.
Thx for the FF!
I appreciate your Gr8 shoutouts  tips for better results in business 
at the hospital waiting 4 my cousin who is really sick :/ he's going to the O.r.
at 1pm meanwhile I'll be here with my niece watching RIO
You've been pinned.
:
well at least you had a decent excuse its not like you were sleeping or something
Very shiny indeed!
Props 2 Rebecca Shapiro, Jeff Fisher  Tim Christy 4being a SUPER SMART resource 4folks attending WAN's Roundtable on Social Media Marketing
What really pisses me off....
is the school administrators at the school that I'm volunteering/interning at.
Arrived in Isle sur la Sorgue, such a beautiful day in Provence!
kind of month/year...
either one !
The Dirty Joke Show runs every night.
Looking forward to seeing you.
I should've kissed you,I should've told you, told you just how i feel
It's awesome when a school is brave enough to have a butterfly as a mascot.
StaleODUhumor GoBigBlue!
Don't think I can make OD but will try to get there early in season.
Heard nothing but good things about park.
perhaps, if I do I will let you know:
cool.those pics gave me a headache lol.
good point, powers can't cover tit.
We need a cb but our safeties our good.
Is brown going to be the starting RB?
Thanks for the shout out, appreciate it!
that's when my lunch is being delivered.
So after that?
Haha.
Don't cheat yourself treat yourself
MORE LEVELS FOR HOGGY PLEASE!!!!!!
:...
haha great game!
beat them all!
Few things remind me of the 'Christmas spirit' like people fighting over Air Jordans  pepper spray.
Don't creep my tweets if I don't like you.
Honestly xD
Just as we are getting out of Iraq a court rules Iran was the reason for 911.
Yeah right OK sure buddy.
Have fun storming the castle.
HIS VOICE OMG
Bulls win!
A2.
We're fans of heading down Addison to the Lakefront.
Great walk, lots of sunshine, great people watching!
Jumping on the turntables in about an hour for Relay for Life.
Come show support!
The things people complain about and the hypocrisy behind it cracks me up
its about 8 ppl
I don't know about Gomisternger, but I know that the Noigandoctors poets used Letraset.
Does Letraset still exist?
Just collapse the timeline by doing more important stuff faster and sooner.
Robin Sharma
This game is pissing me off
We are now watching the East German Version of Grease
Good Morning Detroit!
ONLINE tickets for are all SOLD OUT!
However, you can pay at the door!
Viola Davis, always stunning and classic!
In
Cause I'm a ride or die, whether you fail or fly 3
Busy would be an understatement right now.
Is it the weekend yet?
:
I just wanna talk to him all day everyday!:
thanks man!
Much appreciated.
word to that
JB where are you now
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age.Gloria Pitzer
we totally agree!!
So excited for my LA trip with my mom, but sad that I'm missing being a part of directorial debut short film...
And thus begins Skip Bayless' walk of shame.
I need a fast fix!
We finally have some nice weather for biking.
me now  me then and i still have a long ways to go.
kinda excited haha goodnight :
Which one are you in your icon pic?
Ran my media partner meetings like a boss lady, WINNING.
Now time to watch them do WORK!
Another wonderful day off work: errands, car to repair shop, kid to doctor appt, and catching up on other boring tasks.
Now that's fun stuff!
ok, I follow...
Follow me??
please...ThankyouMuchLove
So, is this envisioned as something that could actually substitute for a university degree?
doctoram: I rounded 3rd on a pop fly, and 1986 Mookie Wilson pushed me to the GROUND to catch it.
Is this about feminism or bsbll excitement?
We don't just screen print!
Embroidery for apparel  hats well.
Promotional products, CD/DVD  flash doctorve duplication and printing.
Condom Slogans No.
8: Rap that wanger before you bang her.
Skippd School .
And Went To The Mall .
Got New Converse And White Vans .
Thanx ma :
sending you healing vibes...I know I'm far, but let me know if there is any way I can support from here 3
It was a good first day back in Baltimore and at MASN.
Excited to learn a lot this summer.
He prolly faked the knee cuz he swallowed some of his chaw
lol those guys are silly
How Bout U Lay In The Middle Of The Street nd Play Speed Bump
Who has tried CineBistro's food?
Is it worth it or should we just eat at Niche beforehand?
You're my favorite!!
yup, have you compared the two?
My lil cuz funny as hell,, she had nerve ta say its crack in these sandwiches we be tweakin lol I love her yo
OMG!
thank you LAKERS !
at last!
Yay!
My roomie surprised me w/my favorite soup that they never make!
Woo hoo :
are you going to watch raw today
RT : we just shamelessly plugged our twitter accounts on air!
and
Things just won't be the same without around, rest in peace my man you will be missed
I'm trying to find a way to connect my iPod so I can use I heart radio
RT ....Max stepped into his private boat and waved goodbye.
Maurice Sendak
Often w/ art presses, the goal is to produce an object, but if the goal is instead to distribute content, today it must be digital.
Thank you, we would not be interested at this time.
lol peanut is my favorite character but I love him and Jose
Good follow
How do I get my comics reviewed on you site?
No words can fully describe all the feelings I have for you.
Make the team, and that's absolutely copped.
RT Got to keep that  13 yessir!
i'm listening to Kim Deal on Wait Wait, Don't Tell Me!
She's awesome!
And lost.
Wat up pimp
life happens when you're making other plans.
lmao, same here!!
If you could attack any snack which one would you choose?
Good hanging my friend!
Does anyone listen to heyhihello
Vitellos' Jazz Club in Studio City in association with the LA Jazz Society asks the LA jazzloving community to join in JAZZ for JAPAN!
I was literally just on livemixtapes yesterday that's why I was askin
Celebrity Apprentice makes all these celebs look like jerks!!
truecolorsareugly!!!
ChiTown is treating me well I miss going to TheDome and DeathValley but Direct TV is helping me cope with it!
: How are you?
girl they doctorve coach gray today like forreal...
It was funny
Covered in leather and gold 21 years old 
I almost forgot...
Good night!
Omw to Lincoln Park.
: Such a good day!
Someone go burn me CDs lol
STRAIGHT UP SEXY!!
Thanks!
Hopefully we'll have a couple more SanDiego brewers on next year's list.
wink
Spirit can do 1 thing that your ego craves very deeply n cant accomplish on its own.Spirit can help the ego escape that painful trap of I
RT : RT : Don't be surprised if Hawkins is gone soon.
Money's an issue but source this AM said CU's rdy 2 move on
Finally decided to get a feather.
Can't wait till the movies tomorrow night with Megan!: 3.uoY.evoL.I
I'm am the poster boy for ghetto fabulous!
Dirt poor but I look like a million bucks when I'm out!
Watching the clippers game now
go kill em!
If my soldiers were to begin to think, not one would remain in the ranks.
What fantasy you living in?
reached out to a friend who was amazingly influential on me  17, but doctorpped me like a hot rock that same yr.
wonder if she'll remember me.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!
Wishing you all the luck of the Irish!
to much paint either made me high or sick..
i just don't know..
Why is it that I always want to listen to Britney Spears when I'm in CT...but ONLY when I'm in CT?
Taking care of my IT Band issues...must be strong for the CampPendletonMudoctorn this weekend!!!
Denver RT : Umm who do the Steelers Play Today !?
Will Do!
PHEW!
for a second there i thought i was following  just a hashtag, andoctorw.
just a hashtag.
0 time for that nonsense.
The most dangerous creature to humans is humans.
Why do our American media have to mommy us to death and warn us of graphic footage.
Films  TV we watch show much more graphic images.
Ugh I miss my baby : 
I AM SORRY maybe I'll just walk to get you a slurpee and doctorp it by
Watching the best Christmas movie of all time
Thank you for that!
Perhaps you will find use in our prayerapp: www.birdofprayer.org
wow super down pour thunder and lightening...never had a soccer game called before..damn
And when you're needing your space To do some navigating I'll be here patiently waiting To see what you find 3
hi my name is mitt Romney I am a habitual flip flipper which in turn makes me a big fat liar!
I may or may not get help for this!
Goucher Spring Semester Applications are due in OIS Today!
Don't forget to have your Course Approval forms signed.
I Saw Your Interview With You Looked Gorgeous3 Heheh You Seem So nice And Sweet Lovee3 StayBeautiful3
Listen to tomorrow at 4pm to hear BCMS live.
We're previewing Sunday's concert  our last of the season!
Bout 2 take a Shower bbw .
programming is freedom by
People are shitty.
Can't believe they canceled Stevie Nicks in Indianapolis for Atlanta!
Do you like watching Husker football???
they say yo0o0ou wont come back
lol I knoooww.
Breaks are good though :
When people think somethings funny, And its really not.
Off to the gym.
Hoping for more than 20 minutes.
Get qualified for a trip to Hawaii on the Misplaced Spring Break at 9am!
Who would you take with you?
how do we collect, arrange, preserve, appraise, and interpret change in the digital realm?
Jack heal up soon!
We miss you on the field  in the line up!
: sweet will check it out when I get to the hotel today Lovely.
You are in Miami yet?
If you think that back wall is impressive, you should see what's in the basement!
Though mysteriously present, around somewhere.
the city never sleeps, better slip u an Ambien
Moments when the music moves my body, my emotions, my soul  that's when the music has consumed me..
or I have consumed it
Today is 4sq checkin day Free tours at 3  4pm with 4sq checkin
We keep getting air conditioner advertising flyers at our front door.
Do they know something?
Our ancient unit really must last this summer.
you know what they say about big feet
i love u!
Happy Birthday baby 3
Another day with dad...
Fuck this shit...

Not concerned with BS anymore...I'm good where I'm at
gamechange is a mindfk.
I'm so conflicted.
Awesome video.
What old tv show is that music from?
that just melts my heart.
3 I love you!
Next round its gone be a sweep....
I am SO SORRY.
My twitter account has been hacked.
Please, DO NOT open this and change your password for your protection.
Thanks, LM
it doesnt say you do?
hahh
Brignac strikes out three of four to end the third.
Cajuns lead 10.
we don't get spring break, just the quarter system
you are welcome.
I look for some more of your three fave words.
I was reading this AP interesting huh
Take a look around.
I know you can tweet more!
There are so many twins sets I know who are interested in twin studies.
youtube not found
A nickel will get you on the subway, but garlic will get you a seat Old New York Proverb
Jennifer Hudson is really making me appreciate the cover of I Will Always Love You in PUTTY HILL.
Analog Devices Advanced Digital Power Controller Targets High Efficiency, Isolated Power Supplies
follow back please!
;
Sign up for This is not a book club: Mystery Edition at the Main Library on April 17th at 4pm.
Pre register online or at 2824607.
Ages 811
Is it just me, or does a Santorum surge sound too vulgar to be a headline in a major newspaper?
All we do is lite it up all night !
Cool story in honor of Junior Seau could be to do a featurette on all the greats who wore
Everything will change.
Nothing stays the same.
And nobody here is perfect, oh, but everyone's to blame.
commence baking day two.
HOLY SHIT !
IF COMES TO INDIANA 6/15, I WILL FUCK THEE AIDS OUT OF HIM.
We had quite a gullywasher last night!
What is your favorite thing to do when it rains on the island?
you should be here.
tweet tweet tweety tweet
That was a bs finish to the tables match.
i want to hug it and kick it at the same time
Giving up packing for the night  getting some sleep.
Giggle of the day while looking up AP style on something else: Gamy, gamier, gamiest.
good song...great group!!
Well, instead of gaining followers I lost a few..
haha.
At least I am no longer at 666.
Fuck u I'm too big for that lol...
I ain't no gymnast
Contest Time!
Email Sinead to for a chance to win a pair of tix to Sinead O'Connor at on 5/12.
sure am!
glad we could toast your birthday.
thanks.
Been to E.
Africa a bunch.
Need to go 2 S.
Africa soon
DJ Hackett reunites with Jim Zorn and joins Washington Redskins for training camp
I love my 11 air book but by you're either far enough to type or close enough to see.
:S
Hi Karina, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Looked to the left of the Metra side of things, and spotted Amtraks being hooked and unhooked.
That was so cool!!!
Great gig at Medure Restaurant last night!
Played some latin fusion and got people off their feet to dance, good time.
Will miss Chad, good luck to him.
Sweet!
Thanks, pal!
Thanks for the tweet I'm glad to be on the fun list!
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I'm only quiet in school because of jerkass punks who pick on people that aren't stick thin or don't put out.
The only thing better than eating Oreo icecream?
Eating Oreo ice creamlistening to !
like their fb I'll consider sharing P
Chatter for VP is intensifying, though Marco Rubio is clear frontrunner.
Would I bet on him?
Yes.
Would I bet 10,000 on him?
No.
I'd have figured them for Fulham Tup doctornkers!.
Best athletes on earth.
I will sneak into the concert if I have to.
I will see Harry one way or another!!!
x
Hey Skip Bayless, If Kirk Cousins would be a better fit for Redskins, they would of doctorfted him 2nd overall
They are the designer Daleks.
;
mine too, if you cant tell haha
Steve Jobs has died.
:O!!!
Keysh is gonna be breaking necks today.
is it weird if I want the weird parts??
: just kidding, we'll take whatevz you aren't using
idc bitch u always mad o fucking well gn bitch ull b over it n the am if not o fucking well!!!
Swans are just gay ducks.C:
CUTEtastic  what a fantastic word!
Can't wait to hear what you think of !
Agreed!!
RT : Band to watch out for: Killed it last night at
good I'm excited.
1: to see you as its been ages.
2: that message u posted on fb lol
right, well just hmu later
Welcome to concealed carry Wisconsin
doctornking more water daily and less koolaid Oh Yeah
You dyed your hair Kris?
; LOL.
:
: yayyyyyy!
Welcome to Twitter!
RT : ff to  followed for great content and engagement
Poll: 83 of Americans think we're in a recession.
U6 unemployment near 17.
EMPLOYMENT RATE  63!
Where are the new jobs?
mY TIMELINE IS PRETTY BORING I MUST ADMIT
Happy Birthday !
Hope you have a lovely day :
No one thought of what this could do to that child longterm?
Rainy days:
Can you get a GOOD return on BAD luck?
YES YOU CAN!
Life is PEOPLE, not stuff!
per Jim Collins
would you rather have everything you ever wanted in 5 lifetimes, or 1 really intense one?
i'll take the 1 really intense one ;
It's alright, I never really advertise on here about it.
UM INTRIGUING
I got those defensive nuke u come at me you finished lol
Post breakfast daydoctoraming!
I like!
Enjoyed it.
Love doctorppin' some knowledge.
RT ...
thanks again for speaking to the class last night
Partyin on water with the tshirt guys /lion press mascot!
Complete this...
My favorite place to eat in atlanta is 
I had a feeling, haha.
Didn't wanna assume you know what happens then!
Must be a damn good dentist.
I like myself a woman not a bitch anyway..
Hard to tell the difference now a days though
.
And.
Its not like thats a crime....
And her birthday is soon and im going to it.
YOU sexy I will GIVE up MY left NUT ..
Just to have U for A night !
Standoff suspect to be arraigned in Vista Superior Court today.
Noel Myers was involved in a 2day standoff in Oceanside last week.
Where and what was it doing?
changed my name
GOAL MAN CITY!!!!!!!!!!
2 goals in stoppage time!
follow me
Why do teachers give us projects in the last few weeks of school?
Why?!
i cannot wait.
we must take a picture daily.
has been admitted into team boobs.
Yes.
Defensive leader, Super Bowl playmaker.
Belongs next to Butler in the Packer HOF.
And now to escape feeling manipulated by unseen techusers for sinister ends: off to see relaxing film.
eat my shorts!!!
and if it's county image I think all of that is disabled
no ones upset kyle....
we are socially preconditioned to behave a certain way.
Great things happen when you're able to breakaway from such nonsense.
Great Comedy 2nite Torris Brown in house www.whatsfunnylive.com
Good nite /Good morning
Well i just finished it  about to put it up:
with the exception of the dairy in the chips of course.
Citizens are no longer treated as human beings by the gov't  they are treated as human beans!
But I'm burnt crispy and it hurts to even tweet so goodnight
After Dad just spent 150 dollars on Moms perfume he looks a soldier who has been in the shit and now as the 1000 yard stare.
lol!
Now that's a truly funny observation!
I can relate to that, lol!
Just keep walking  naked  I'll keep spying on you.
BTW I'd see more if u opened the blinds
A pair of glasses were left behind at our event last week.
Are they yours?
Email us at if they are.
Thoroughly enjoyed Material Inscriptions, Collections, and Their Publics and From Fever to Folder yesterday at sourcesymp Thank you!
young and wild and FREE!!!!
are u home now?
I have now arrived victory !
Hey, can I have a sip?
sure...
GULP GULP GULP.
DUDE WTF?
It's the freaking weekend!
my Bon jovi station is one of my Favorite.
:
If you're looking for Rose Bowl shirts, they can't be sold until it's official after selection tonight.
More on NBC15 News  5
Huh.
Got a message you were following, but can't dm.
Tx4tf?!?!?
Yikes Thanks for the heads up Love the podcast but think Ill skip this week sorry Don't want to relive those memories :
WHOS goin to the 1D concert At the WOODLaNDS :S
Please watch the MMA Big Show on Direct TV Ch.
354 tonight at 8pmET/5pmPT and support Chase Minor!!
He is one of our sponsored fighters!
Sitting by yourself, forcing the swirl of thoughts into a linear, systematic journey forward  it makes you smarter.
Margaret Edson in NYT
just saw 1st episodeFAB...course you REALLY need a MIKEL PATRIK orig in your house or studio once you move our of garage!
Getting ready to be on
u wish!
just came back from wellesley in massachusetts
Not generalizing weirdos of the world but why do only weirdos collect swords?
Lawyers you really should have a twitter presence and at the very least, get your twitter name before someone else does!
Good morning SACS colleagues.
Thanks for your devotion and passion!
I know my has benefitted!
SACS is a great!
You're welcome!
We're happy to share the FF love.
its soo annoying when girls have this fake laugh to impress boys...you sound like a dying cow...stfu
welcome to Pullman......
lol why thank you : U graduated yet ?
Wishing everyone a Happy and Blessed Easter...a beautiful day to be with loved ones, family and friends!
I have a couple of big meetings today for EllaMenoPea!
I'm collecting leftover St.
Paddy's day luck.
Please send it to Thx!
Bart Reid's status: Become bigger than your obstacle!
It's the only way to 'truly' win.
Reply with your comment, like or unsubscribe
imissyoubut your breath always smelled so strong
When i seem like im about to get a job my moms always seems to give me money
Happy 42nd annual Earth Day everyone!
How are you going to celebrate?
Love it or leave it, you can't understand
Tawna Funske!
That's fun.
We should all come up with fun variations on our names...
How about Linda Grins?!?
That would be a sitcom I'd watch : you 2 are hilarious.
RT Episode 1.
That's a wrap!
You make such a big deal out of thanings .
I was only mad because you were being selfish .
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
SWITCH BACK TO BACK ROSE GOLD AND HOEZ PASS CRITICS
Forecast for Wednesday: Partly sunny with a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms.
Highs in the lower 80s.
West...
RT Thanks for the great tweets!
I'm talking about the part that goes in your ear that you can change out.
Your cheeks?
wow...I've never had someone say that.
Usually it give the eyes definition.
Did you visit the Space Needle that day?
Going to abscbn later 
lol yeah, for some reason they always forget to mention it...
: RT I didn't know corn dogs was a food group lol
Trey trey running after lucy for this squeaky toy is so freaking funny lol
when do new tunes get released?
So, Windows Update.
Come here, I'd like to have a little chat.
Sweetie, darling, I loathe you from the depths of my soul.
xxoo
RT : Through your generous donations, over 7,000 pieces of candy have been collected for the Epic Egg Hunt.
THANK YOU!
Huh?
I typed twitter.com and it took me to a survey page as I'm responding, I see the page URL is tquizprizes.com.
I think it's a scam!
Virgil Trucks is a VERY cool name
love u more :
Who would've ever thought that would play COD?!
LOL
Congrats!
: Humbled  honored to be awarded LPCO Southwestern Riding of the Year.
Thugg Out All Day
It is huge!
: all about it.
Haha I need to go to the Seattle Goodwill.
I've heard rumors...it's like Costco size haha
sounds good :
I do.
I make a lot of music :
congrats now where is the celebration.
I love my sister she always there for me
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
SEE THIS PLEASE
Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
B.
C.
Forbes
yup you need to be strict b4 someother girls gets him
These females aint bout that life they be talking
Just thought about how I share same initials as advertising great J.
Walter Thompson.
A sign from God to focus on marketing?
:D
hehe: now i will go to bed:and i will have a good doctoram!;
Two arrests made already at the Port of Portland this morning.
One guy had a gun.
lol.
I have to thank for the pic.
Let's make a note to reconnect later this month.
I'm off grid for 2 wks.
psandersandjacobwhitesides I love them both  they're amazing singers!3 hehe:
tell me here!
Or text me!
thanks girl !
BoyfriendVideoPremiere 3 looks so grown up, but he still knows how to impress fans!
looks like got the comfy chair!
huzzah!
Very excited.
What is your schedule like while here??
You're welcome!
Thanks for getting me deeper into the collection.
Great audience.
Thanks for the follow Nyopoly, let us know if we can do anything to help you!
The line between vanilla and French vanilla is terrifyingly fine.
I'm Loving the Summer Weather, in Washington :
There's a difference: LUV U friend LOVE YOU someone much more special ;3
Tony Gywnn cancer surgery update: medical center says all went well.
Doctors guardedly optimistic.
Gwinn in good spirits, looks good too
: Scandal NOW the president wants to be all ...
What?
He's a punk believing his own hype 
i hate when I show people a new song and no one cares.
3 months later, everyone is singing it because it was on the radio.
where ya at?
Yess, that would be great!
Too funny :
RT : Donuts don't make you feel full until it's too late.

Good Afternoon :
Reengineering is a lot more exciting than I thought ;
thanks bro let me know if you cop something I'll get you a discount!
And some stickers to slap around!!!
aka time to win tomorrow
love!
I  shoe porn
Wow is killing this song rite now
doctornk Beezies everywhere....
Our storefront committee just delivered 1st furnishings at our new space at 218 Saratoga in !
June is soon!
If it sounds to good to be true...it probably is.
booyah!
Way to represent!
every cent counts ;
Also, I just got the complete set of maps for the Atlantic Coast bike ride, Bar Harbor, ME to Key West, FL
Got an A in my Philosophy class  raised my GPA to 3.6!!
Nice.
I'm 11 days in on a basic LCHF diet and I can tell it will be difficult to sustain.
Hopefully the results will motivate.
Don't worry about me..
You guys go do you like you said.
I'm out so
RT: Oh, you're dating my ex?
Cool, I'm eating a sandwich, want those leftovers too?
Another great of healthy discussions on education at the
She got you...
Thanks!
We'll take a look and correct the website.
Apologies for the confusion.
I'll be glad when these couple weeks are over...ugh 
Just showed a teacher how Emodo works.
She is so excited and has planned a project around it with a teacher in a different building.
My 3 kids were angels tonight.
I could make, serve and clean up dinner every night and would never complain.
I dont need a doctornk.
okay, im done.
How do you block a number on a sprint phone.
Spent three hours in the ceramics studio today.
Very rusty!
Next week: try to reshape the thick bottoms of my pots before cutting the feet.
Texas fucked it up by shooting threes what ashamed lol
Things that make me happy: email chains w my Maine Law classmates eloquently debating prosecutorial duties,defendant rights, etc
Laying in bed with a headache and fever  ideal time to catch up on podcasts.
Dinner and OT with the Blackhawks and Coyotes.
Long day.
Got tons of respect for His notes are always pitch perfect!
wish i went to the ciity more.
i love it there 33
Mungo City...
where are you?
You may want to pay more attention if you're trying to promote an event.
It's coming as soon as possible!
We'll tweet about it when it's up.
Sad episode of whale wars 2nite:
Watching The Manchurian Candidate for the first time.
Goddamn.
This is a good movie.
What was the assignment for Evernote again?
You know I'm gonna say Brix.
Watch scramble to align herself with after he refuses to endorse her.
CA52 calls to reject her endorsement.
Cheesecake factory: 3
Have you played CoD with Junior yet?
thanks for following!!
we have always been perverted BITCHES, you just didnt notice ;
its saints sunday baby WHODAT goodluck today boys
I been good.
It's been a long time since I seen you, we have to change that.
Fell's point?
My dad thought he was a mannequin.
Ahah just watched 's never say never for the first time it's real good i got a lot of respect for that kid
AH.
Tomorrow.
You should read the Metropolis Case by Combines an awesome name with an equally awesome plot.
my landlord calld to borrow  frm me...
RT if you saw s boyfriend video!
There is something in the water here.
I swear.
GSEA Peru distributes pieces to Ross.
Please call for any manufacturing/distribution questions.
Colloquially, tunes?
Too quiet on the car lot today, such slow traffic for a Friday!
blah Lovely weather  just need some Ups!
That's a strong AB from Lucroy.
Took Volquez 10 pitches and into the 70's in under 5.0 complete.
Thanks, pal!
Mel Gibson had another taped raZZ
This cat feels like a water Balloon.
So Klout changes their algorithm and I'm suddenly influential on Libya.
Can't wait to see what kind of perk that gets me.
what do ya mean,!
Almost like they're paid RT: Media day underway at Superdome.
Bama up first.
Tide players are wellversed on giving bland quotes.
a wise choice for your icon
WhereWasOwney on today's date in 1895?
A clue: the Pony Express started in this western town.
making a lgbt movie so all is good.
I take it your cat is named after Zelda?
whoa, that's not very many at all; props!
I use noises to describe my hair...pshswshh
You have no idea how happy I am that the Heat lost.
lol ya that was a direct threat haha
My favorite doctorsses: TinaFey and EmmaStone Absolutely stunning!
Easy there, remember you know someone who lives in Maryland Baltimore in fact!
mightbemonty :
Yikes it supposed to be 101 tomorrow yuck
im resting till work
come up with something for What2chainzWouldSay rick!
Yes Kobe CHOKED!!!!!
Im focus on makin timeless music forgive me for not doin what everyone else is
session finished Remo AKA Young Soul Check him out
After four years, I am still bound for the Promised Land.
New client of mine check out beautiful.
really nice pieces
Lakers doing they thang yes sir
Greatest Harry Potter Moments?
Days after last book, I overheard some teen bros say they'd stayed up all night to read BOOKS!
Magnificent RR Hall of Fame 2012 Ceremony!!
Great tribute 2the talent loss since the 2011 ceremony.
doctoramed I met and told him he was a jerk for tweeting Avengers spoilers.
Or I'll hibernate until the start of football season.
I guess I should look at Red Sox onesies for Baby Marcus ...
:
this is what you wanted...
I hate taking naps.
I rather sleep earlier.
Happy Easter to you too!
:
The only way to ensure spikes in oil prices don't jeopardize the economy is to reduce our dependance on oil.
AmericanHorror on FX is THE best show on tv right now next to SonsofAnarchy SOA.The Emmys will probably be wrong a/b that too
Anybody in KC looking to host a gold party or fundoctoriser, check out Top notch!
sweet  thanks!
i just RTed Donald Trump because of the irony in it.
Does it just reaffirm the fact that I am pathetic?
Maybe that's also y i did, ha ha
Straw poll..
If I were to post a pic of one mf my boobs, would you choose left or right?
thanks for the use of your desk, monitor and slinky
I assume you sitll don't know what MLP would mean then well the show is called My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic
miss you love!!
My husband and I celebrated and we had a wonderful time, they even printed a special menu for us!
Loved it!
fine then I'll take Raff in the doctorss.
Just keep your chocolate banana from gettin all bunched up in the front.
You're so hot, i'd swallow your farts.
::
thanks!
We're already here!
To anyone who's been trying to access our site, the server is down for maintenance  should be back up soon.
Sorry for the inconvenience
if people only knew how many times I texted them back when I was
Looks like Dan Scott isn't going to
btw, i think your product is brilliant!
He felt now that he was not simply close to her, but that he did not know where he ended and she began.
I'm watching The5YearEngagementthe main actress looks like KatyPerry.
I mean, she's hot but I just feel sick watching Katy Perry so much.
5 Chicago Bears Training Camp Battles You Can39;t Miss
Actually folks nvm 4got we play the Bobcats friday, dont bother coming to Bradley Center unless we find out Bango is suiting up for game
always negative huh JC?
ThoughtsDuringSchool When will this teacher ever stop talking .
I would like a google invite please and thank you
RT : Everyone loves a bargain, and boy do we have a good one!
Thru Feb.0 23, our notecards are on salefor 20 to 70 off!...
Coconuts in Chinatown and I'm ready for bed.
Happy birthday!
Great gig lastnight  Hard Rock Gatlinburg.
Next stop, Kingsport, TN to rock Conley's Overlook
Media reports: zimmerman to be charged.
Other than Cena who could you see facing in the WWE now?
We're closed for renovation so using photo sharing sites offer us a way to stay connected
thx for the shout out!!
We 3 and its team too!!
hmm I guess that's true.
you know scorps are revengeful
I really do hope this turns out well.
I'm teaching my self another new program for it.
what's ur winnings??
Finished the spring volleyball league as an undefeated team!
Looking forward to playoffs starting next week.
A low was definitely the car accident, but I guess another high was everyone walking away okay.
Stuff can be replaced.
So thank you Jesus!
I wish you had a job where you got hit on by fourth graders all the time.
LOL it's true, though!
Some girl's hair just got the ducktails theme song stuck in my head.
Thank ya mam!
I know!
and I went there 3 times when they had their all u can eat month special.
Get Tilted With Primo
For overnight park at the Marriott, vallet out front or self park  5th and Marshall
Tonight we have a Flamenco Guitar Player from 7pm to 10pm!
Wishes I knew calculators could do imaginary numbers and the e thing.
Would've prolly saved me time on the stupid EOC
In Seattle, WA we see clouds more often than most.
Call us today to find how we can enable your success with our cloud infrastructure...
Today is a day given from GOD3
In other words, it's a night only Hitchcock could love.
Whenever I get my nails done I cannot stop looking at them for atleast two days lmao
NightQuietudeready to workwill tiredness beat out creativity or will creativity blow tiredness awaywithout coffeewe will son see
uses to increase spend visibility and improve reporting.
Implemented with 100 suppliers and 15 catalogs.
Realest shit never said said.
RT : people don't realize what the had until its out reach.
good to see you and your family yesterday!
Its the frosting.
Delish!
that is so true.
Now it's play for majors.
Crazy times.
Not tired flying private v car
I'm always listening and reading.
Wink
I love you
On the floor now: are you active in your community org?
Name the org?
What have you done?
Come to think of it These basic questions r on pt
RT : Zoellick If you're a biz  only focused on US economy, you're missing a lot of changes abroad in the global economy
impossible not to be ebullient and smiley while listening to Selena
It's too late for the citizens of Florida!
He is the worst governor I remember and I was born in 1945.
A rich amateur.
Teen Night a successful!
It's been going strong this year.
250 in attendance.
Thanks Mikey for helping the teens to make this happen!
we're ready for you.
all day everyday :D lol ur crazy
joined and found a few friendly faces.
i'm hopeful and will support their efforts.
as for Google, get your shit together.
Does anyone have the new Sony Handycam NEXVG10?
How does it work?
Any video online yet?
Stay away orders given 2 oakland police  city hall by occupy oakland marchers ..corupt violent stay away from are movement 300 ft
Gorgeous Day!
Sit outside  enjoy select half priced bottles of wine that pair perfectly with Chef 's new entrees!
yes maam that's the plan as of now...should be a good time.
Kinda wish it was within city limits though
Count down!!!!!
such an awesome gun.
That would be 9:00 PM right
You May Or May Not Have!
B RT Has seen several times in several places already.
You make me feel all tingly inside3
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
You follow doctor's orders!
We'll keep funding research for lifesaving prodedures!
Is the Ava Gardner man single?
I'm starting a campaign to get and a wacky, Perfect Strangersstyle TV sitcom.
This needs to happen.
ThingsIMissTheMost pitching a baseball at 85 MPH.
The faces when the ump called that strike.
On to bake some traditional homemade bread.
My pockets may be empty, but my stomach will be full of Chilean awesomeness tonight!
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due.
byAuthor Unknown
Unfinished Brazilian Teak  Cumaru 3/4 x 5 and 4 instock.
Warm tan hues with soft tight even grain.
you're much better looking in person I am happy to report.
Am impressive intelligence!
Lasering is a snap at Skintastic.
Join the legions of hair free, hassle free at our newest location Skintastic Uptown.
9726203223
Get the theraflu ::cough cough::
Wishing everyone a great weekend!
no...
sorry.
It's a hacking going around twitter.
I got the message first, then it was sent out from me...
God is good to me.
Even when im not good to him 
Up now let's add the hours
change gon' come
follow us back please?
:D
Oy.
doctorma in the office of who gets the good cubes now that people have retired.
Can't bring myself to swallow my pride and crash a hip hop class at the gym.
Do the they offer partitions?
Where do you stand on Hunger Games, which hits theaters on Friday?
I had no idea they were an actual band.
I just thought they had a crappy TV show.
Lebron confirms commitment to Miami.
GOOD!
He'll never be worthy of CLE and the great people who call CLE home.
I go in spurts.
Still covering for 3 people that are out today
Jamie you are AWESOME, and you keep strong and well and THANKS for being a part of this and TOGETHER we can help everyone:
Back home in NYC!
My next gig is in April at the Village Vanguard with my quintet.
I can't wait to play with the box my kids came in!
dylan scott, answer me rn or else.
see ya in 12 days LIFE RUINERS.
Of course it is!
.meg yes i spelled my name wrong on purpose
I have secrets too.
yea man let me work on a few and I'll figure out a way to for sure.
There are lots of little ones at our Denver office today for take your kids to work day!
Velcro, next to the Walkman and tab it has to be the coolest invention of the 20tg century.
i'm sure he would be fine with that
And IF he could, they couldn't show it in theatres.
I think I voted for you:...does the vote box thingy do anything when I vote for you...if not, I voted for you:.
om i wonder if someone will invent a low5...a high five with your feet..
3
It is the irony of life that we get bent from hard work and broke without it.
:
don't you losers have phones with text message capabilities?
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's
from League of United Latin American Citizens 7 of 10 Hispanic Americans face air pollution 16 greater than overall U.S.
pop.
..
RT : Lightskin chicks pussy be mighty tasty!
I love you.
No they are family
we're getting ready for a rousing rummage sale tomorrow!!
don't miss out!!
all blue dots go to 55 off!!
woo hoo!!
xo
but it'll happen eventually
No More Distractions!
Just fantastic.
We need more of that.
When I was watching old videos of Austin I had the same gestures when he sang..it's date.3;
gosh these etrade commercials with the talking baby are so funny
How was your break?
RT:: Metta World Peace causing havoc with his big mitts, here stripping Griffin, then pounding his chest.
LAL up 8280.
: that works perfect haha I know sorry Kylie had to do it!
We are open this Sunday, May 20 from 2:307pm.
Celebrate Graduation with us!
Gonna Party Tomorrow ;
Due to the weather, tonight's President's Reception will be in the Lemon/Lime Rooms 5:307 p.m.
Been a fan since 80's, still listen to anthrax almost daily..
Will this get me a follow?
I wish!
l'lI so brag to my friends.
Your a fucking bitch
arrested development or the the office Arrested development was a intelligent comedy but America was
you for the follow
Only in Coming To America!
Never lose your SelfWorth/SelfConfidence/SelfEsteem.
It's a true definition of who you really are.
Museums Seek Info on Korean War Veterans  WJTV
Thanks for following!
Startup News: Time's NYC 10 in Tech, Rx Sunglasses Online and Amazon's Hot Sister  Betabeat
Time cover for story on Attachment Parenting: Young kids form strong emotional bond w/caregiver with lifelong consequences
hacking my bro twitter
Most people have visited at least one Olmsteddesigned landscape: NY's Central Park.
Other than that, Facebook is useless to me
love you!
xo
omg i love Sykora!
yeah he's played for a few teams, hasn't he xD
Just recieved two books to raffle for the event.
Overcoming Obstacles.
Join us March 3rd at the Davis Street Tavern.
Robbie Earle: nothing's won or lost with tonight's result.
Hi!
Your welcome!
I'm glad it made you feel better.
Hope you're feeling better.
Take care!
if I have any left i'll give you one!
if not I'll def make you one over the weekend 
People like this make me the asshole I am!
tornado testing.
Challenge accepted.
anything with chocolate sprinkles and my bro is cool with me bro.
If you were stuck in one outfit for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Juanes is so far the best at the South by SouthWEST
Fun speaking at my church this morning.
But I'm more doctorined than usual.
Hoping it's the weather.
Not the cold I've sensed looming...
I found that platform too busy for my tastes.
'What about the workers' new nospectacle track premiers at TV Bar
Approved by RT : Dig the background...
Nice way to show the Azzurri love!
Been listening to Disney songs on pandora al day.
This weather makes me so happy
Berkeley Networkers at their finest!
sorry bud, just saw this tweet.
We played at the Junction in Gatesville!
well then I'm pretty sure you're cool too!
Heyo!
's infamous couch...you can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave.
Bored sumbody talk to me
I love to follow your tweet , i am an accountant at Intensivefinancialservice.com.
RT: I received the granola cereal you sent today  have already eaten a bowl.
thank you again.
its super yummy!
I am a little offended by the suggestions of who to follow.
Twitter has just informed me that I am not as cool as I thought I was.
: The first beer, cigarette, and marijuana of every single person's life was not bought by their own money.
Of course I was talking about Kris Jenner.
She makes me want to cancel my cable.
Debating on Facebook on who's the better wizard: Gandalf or Dumbledore.
OMG LOVE LOVE LOVE Payphone cover by ..did i mention LOVE?!
right now ??
:P
Good news: Looks like we may be representing some Seattle clubs for the dance privilege tax.
Could not be more excited!
Re: last tweet  Not a veiled Penn State criticism.
Don't care about JoPa.
DO care about Jaffa.
Lawyers claim that their clients have been grossly mistreated, which is what criminal defense lawyers are paid to do
Thanks for a great conference, was awesome.
don't you hate that
RT : Just added transcribe ANY item and ANY file, right in the browser, using 's plugin
: I remember those days.
Have fun, take lots of pictures, and keep keeping a journal.
who snores louder?
you're going to be pissed...
your bff is here!
Did he ever return our doctornk dial?
So is boosie out of jail or not?
Dude is wearing a taco costume for Cinco de Mayo.
I'll try to get a shot of that.
LOL this show is creatively bankrupt.
RT : 'Glee' EXCLUSIVE: New Britney Spears tribute this fall!
LOL.
Also skip the swim in Lake Michigan duathlon idea.
;
sup babe.
Iv been working, we all need to hook up!
Now watching Frenemies : So Happy !!!!
Luv you guys 3
dhtrial discussions of jersey shore.
Very odd to hear while a settlement is happening nearby and one abc lawyer is sitting qiuetly in front
Love the new video!!!
DenisitodtC
interviewed Valor seniors Alex Koza and Max McCaffrey today WOW does Valor have a beautiful facility!
Stupid bitch fails to realize: her mom does carry a dictionary.
Tired of jealous pp making fun of smartphones and pda's.
I like that my friends know when I say: 'I can't party past 5a' I don't really mean it
Chancellor Biddy, glad the Badgers got you a Rose Bowl berth during your tenure.
Wear red today!
chickenpotpie radio comin on 89 pm.
local Long Beach band Wild Pack of Canaries will be phoning in from their SXSW tour!
Wats Future Twitter Cause We In This Bitch Video He Look So Fuckin Goo
it was just fine the way it was.
And I'm a grammar/spelling nazi
So you agree that some food doesn't work as haute cuisine?
I don't really know, since I haven't been to many ultrarestaurants.
Nailed the audition for the a  tv series hope to hear good news from it
We also have teams playing Sat/Sun in MN.
2013 PG Jenna Orr will be playin in MN, not USJN tourney
you guys are apart of THE GREATEST SHOW ON TV..
Love
What would I do without you!
casting site for reality shows  www.realitywanted.com
Look inside our gorgeous models
Perhaps they do not know the early works.
Bring a helmet for too!
; RT : Even Murmur!?
hahaha.
I'm a Tech celebrity.
Watching the Sports Science feature on Luke Kuechly makes me hope the Seahawks take him on Thursday.
Making garlic potato soup y'all
lsn360 NEWS/ mister David Barron just spoke in the Pierce college public Hearing regarding redistricting Los Angeles
S/O to all the new followers as well as those who have been down since day one.
LIVE EXCLUSIVE!!!!
No, I will not follow Goddammit twitter get it together.
I study Deutsch every Wednesday at school hahaha,I love the lessons but the teacher is quite boring :/I'm so tired with school:
Nobody is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry!!!
These trending topics 
Thank God for early morning prayer.
Early in the morning my song shall rise to thee!
Fired up and ready to go!
But then who would make the people sweat?
Til they, uh, bleed?
Successful tip to grow was to ask to collaborate with like minded organizations.
Ask them to share.
Sex Ain't Better Than Love!!
Haha

Party Time Bitches !
!
!
ATLANTA  Tell the babysitter not to wait up.
Karaoke  Spoken Word this THURSDAY 7p to 10p 1267D Glenwood Ave.
Come enjoy!
You would think, the closer it get to graduation THE LESS work you would have t
Hey the Total Health Immersion is already creating some buzz...
bit.ly/h3D7iP  Get ready  :
I swear so many people at my school walk like they have a stick up there ass.
Hello from Center City!!!
Happy Birthday Dear:
smiling as I put my arms around your neck I thought you would never ask.
Wanna play who can throw the bus farther again?
The Weekend Show tonight!!
.
Brent better remember his promise :P
Section V championship tomorrow at the Country Club of Mendon!
Can not wait!
looking good on Today show!!
let's beta test an inhome campaign that brings consumers instore to redeem via
Just noticed that my account has been hacked with these weird weight loss tweets.
I guess now I need to figure out how to report this.
Bad Company Corrupts Good Character what you surround yourself with is what you're allowing to influence your life.
no I did.
You did it which is even better.
Does Univ of Arizona SID Tom Duddleston have a Twitter presence?
His info seems to reach wvu news before tucson news?
Crying used to be a symbol of manliness.
Yes, and IMO a poor strategy: Excellent math.
RT : not one attempt to run last series?
falcons giants
Angels now down to option D as closer, LaTroy Hawkins says he fractured pinky on final out, and thought Brewers had guys doctorpping like flies
Listening to music
enjoying an iced americano at Fluid
parents gone till nxt saturday : party at my house
Okay, so I'm not the only person that thinks that too.
Good.
That scribble scrabble you call hot rhymes/ garbage raps 2 years i give til your career beeps...flatlines/ trash raps on life support
if y'all tour the panhandle, hit pittsburgh up soon, i book events every so often, your lyric video on youtube is impressive
Aw is boss
place is nuts!!!
burnt toast and hello thursday morning
People never change.
They just become more of who they really are.
Interesting take.
I agree on the check fees, but debit fee at 5/mo doesn't work for me.
That is 2.505 per transaction for us.
Enjoying the bill Cunningham doc on Netflix, thanks to mentioning it at lunch!
Amazing to see the economic optimism in Germany....and the growth.
when can i get the baconnaise in a store?
are you and austin dating??
is getting racking up some serious brownie points!
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the commonsense.
Helen Rowland
I find myself using cash less because 
good to know.
I kept thinking about it.
Ha.
What ADD?
And go watch either NANA or Claymore, you fool.
:
And I'll be the greatest fan of your life3
Thanks for the follow doctor Cully.
Looks like you're doing well in
Lol!
JJ think he a funny guy
Watching indiana jones in English :L
Check Out The Complete EZ Marketing Tool  Tell me What U Think E: www.VideoTVEmail.com
Well I guess its a Goodnight .
pointlesscelebrities Lindsay Lohan
Nice.
I hope you reciprocated with a boob shot.
It's only fair and polite.
yeaa Ik that's why it's fucking funny.
Justin Bieber has this James Dean kinda look going on now.
Listening to Indiana Gov.
Mitch Daniels at the Business Summit, Indiana improved its charter law this yr supported by the Gov
You wonder why I'm never home, it's because I hate having to deal with you, id rather pull my eyes out than talk to you
These coyotes in the forest behind my house are going crazy.
RT : Love this: Bookworms will rule the world!
As soon as we finish one more chapter.
new blog for the yuletide.
MY SHOULDERS ARE KILLING ME.
Im babysitting right now little boys..
DAMN wat a day.
Well soo funnii..
everything new
I love how I tweet everything I do
I take her to the mall buy her all types of designers....
that's crazy lol
Lowkey sad right now.
Welcome back pink hair!
Are you at GrandNats?
Stop by and see us in the Yamaha area.
Mike and Jeremy are ready and waiting to help!
RT : Tonight, and I will be playing a duet show at from 10pm2am  come see us!
I would make a move if i thought there was a chance he'd let me in.
forwarded me your site  very cool, we should talk sometime.
Mark your calendars for January 1531, 2012!
Stay tuned for exciting announcements to come!
yah but its more creepy because you can barely see what people look like  act like!
Enjoy THANKSGIVING!!!
what do you do when caffeine no longer affects you..........
you too see you in NAPA for
S/o to my 8th period english class you guys suck
When am I ever gonna get my chance?
An act of service is an act of love and trust.
Its also an act of responsibility and of courage a stand for the integrity of human life.
I'm gonna miss ur history class.
Lol
me?
I'm not famous!
sherlock holmes 2?
BEST ending ever!
Love me for what I am and for what I am not.
Hi Dan, thanks for the follow!
keep slipping!
I will get out of the zone!!!!
Just finished studying for my calc finals...now I have to sleep and take it in 6.5 hours
Goodmorning beautiful people, have a bless day,
The best basketball player, you have never heard of!
Using social media to get in the NBA
Good morning to you as well.
Hope you have a great week.
Take care and best wishes always.
love this!
Where IS whn Mittens NEEDS her 2 THINK 4 HIM whn HE IS ASKED QUESTIONS...any questions FROM ANYBODY!...
LOL
Have a great weekend Thanks for the follows
your username is hot, js.
What time nail shop open ?
leave me alone..
TUES WED THUR!
CANYON HIGH SCHOOL!
Am I suppose to give a fuck?
BECAUSE I DON'T.
we need to make a pilgrimage to that bier garten soon, for sure.
Going to do a lil shopping today
it seems i like competition dats y im always on twitter
going thru same thing!
Good luck!
Sounds like what you're talking about is a cohesive national identity rather than cultural homogeneity.
winning FINALLY RT Yes, I'm bandwagoning the this playoffs now that the Blackhawks are out.
It's 2 o'clock.
I'm rendering.
What's the coolest nationality besides us?.
I'm going Canadians.
Officially ended my excursion to SES NYC, had a great time met a lot of great marketers!
Going to blog it soon.
Are you setting out to try a sports podcast?
With 2012 Well Underway, 7 Speed Reading Announces a Record...
Growing to become the markets leading force in speed reading softwar
Wontcha go sit in syrup  let the bees getcha !
for sure.
Did it again for Rosicky's goal, but even the dense Robson noticed on FSC
Excited to host events for  of Atlanta at Goldfish 2 nights in a row this week!
Putting the button on this skirt to the test!
Time to check my life, check my decisions!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 69
truly one of the dumbest articles ever written.
New fave phrase for mindset and info engagement: continuous partial attention Need to find original author.
Perfect description.
Every morning I read your horoscope to see how you are instead of texting or calling
ah ok
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, Tshirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures more !!!!
MusicalStop.com!!!!!!
Awesome!
Hey, I see your giving that pony some sugar, can I get a fist bump?
Woke up to my Facebook being blown up with Raiderlink hate statuses.
My phone battery be dying way to fast an its not like I be on the phone all day :
Randomly staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation.
SO.
We dislike timeline.
A lot.
thx for the follow www.weedoctorpweerock.com
ouch!
Thanks for the heads up!
I guess I should actually look at the schedule!
I want to build a vivid, evocative visual landscape...refining a physical language to reveal persona and mood.
Vicky Shick
Last night I sang at THE NASHVILLE PALACE!!
Heading to Kentucky to sing at Scotts City Limits tonight!!
yes I watch it before I go to bed on adult swim lol .
It's the funniest shit on right now
we dont go down without a fight
Wow!
G8 Summit cancelled in Chitown moved 2 Camp David Probably best thing 2 do but sorry state about the world we live in!
Forgot all about Mother's Day!
This game is so close omg if we lose I'm going to scream!!!
I'm Gonna meet If U had 1 question what would it be?
ItSeemsLike more females wanna get pregnant in hs n not Graduate.
Attack...
Storm...
Blaze...
Velocity...
Impulsive...
Turn to You is a good song lyrically but I don't like the sound of it :/
Have a Great weekend 
you have a mind, I'm sure you will have an idea lol
I must say girl is good at her job very nice but do not know her like u do.
I wanted to say something but decided not to.
Find patience in the breath of life.
Ryunosuke Satoro
Just got paid and paying all my bills so I can spend the rest of my money however I please:
I'll be at PriceSmart Foods on Ackroyd at 1pm.
Come say hi!
GO FOLLOW NOW MY BRO !
That's what I was thinking...
High 5
I just looked at his page yea bruh go!!!
Well Im Starting Chapters : 3 Please Like and Read :
Q: What shoes are you craving these days?
Heading to the hotel :
Perfect on a beautiful day like today!
Thanks for visiting us!
One of the most effective, multifaceted marketing approaches available today!
www.bigmouthadvertising.com
u got one tatto ?
Life is too short for people who suck the happiness out of you.
When you free yourself of negative people, you free yourself to be YOU!
I Wish !
you can get free wifi at District Conference!
Makes tweeting a lot easier...
Niggas fashion is weak they be wasten all the modles.
Well, Andoctorids have Instagram, my fellow iPhone users.
Time to witness bad photography.
People are overrated.
myworldtourmemory well that's depressing, because i don't have any.
:
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator
: Ill slap you off that bar stool, leave hand prints all across u get a life bitch :
omg i just got this, did everything turn out ok???
I love boyfriend it waz AMAZING 3
Don't let walls in your field stop you.
Continue to be aggressive and make strides.
Rachel Masters
people mistake me for being cold hearted but most people i know are more cold hearted than me
Chicago foodies.
Any thoughts?
RT : Any specials for May in Chicago?
I'll be there from April 29 to May 7!
well u do have the best bio I've ever seen hands down others are.
Good but urs is the ish
Action always beats inaction.
Chad Timothy
are you implying Colon is now juicing it?
Waving back
Where's Bruno Mars at?
Haven't heard from his cute self in awhile.
Lol.
Damm dude look JUST Like Pac!
Thanks!
It was great, just sad they lost :
: Eatin cereals watching Harlem nites!
nigga you a fool
Watched Head of State and Oceans Eleven last night
Finally got my phone fixed!!
If you walk into the clasrm thinking your way is their way, 1st of all, you're mistaken, and 2ndly, you have immed created a barrier.
I need a boyfriend...:/
Ah, you just missed the Substance night last Friday!
Being a mother is a choice NOT a career.
One does not get paid to raise their kids.
Being a stay at home mom is a LUXURY and nothing more.
im kinda a little out of shape
I want to wish you a very happy Mother's Day.
You are an amazing mom.God Bless.
XOXO
I've now had the Kindle Fire for nearly a month  and it's awesome!
A great value and does way more than I thought it would.
Dave Miller Experience 7:30 tonight!.
All ages, no cover.
thinking of you today.
Hope all is well.
We are Human we makes our own magic.
tell Joey he has a bday party at noon
Thx for getting the word out!
In Orlando Town for a quick visit!
Jst got up frm ma nap sigh idnt like naps but o well i am nw nice n awake haha ..
hm im hungry though ama go be a fat butt :o.
Tomorrow, not today!
Hope you weren't waiting too long...let me know if you can still meet tomorrow!
Game tonight, Kings vs.
Trail Blazers.
Can't wait for our 2 exciting routines!
Go Kings!!
Thanks for playing your part on Twitter, Matt!
:
March is hard for me because it's when B was diagnosed and when I spiraled down due to insomnia one time.
I just started a Google spreadsheet to help keep track of all of the attire needed for my impending seven weddings.
Yeah, that happened.
Comcast service has a serious, recurring hiccup.
Gettin' effing fed up here, boss.
To the most courageous country in the world  God Bless You.
It took 1 inning for McCarver to move February to late spring and have Alex Gonzalez hitting homers as far as anybody.
Great productive day with hiked,errands,layed out,washed dogs,now headed to Equinox to get a great workout in!Malibu in AM!
I'll do it
Psych!
Let's do this.
I'm mildly creeped out by its accuracy and speedinatorness.
I have an exciting weekend ahead of me
lmaoooo or what
I miss the bbm faces 
I like seeing that Church in the AM is trending
Raising Arizona may seem like a good kids movie when you haven't seen it in ages, but when you start watching it...uh...
Delvin Young PR advice: Come out and say when you doctornk too much, you turn into a different person.
We undestand
If U Know Me Den You Know What I Thinking Money Franklins Thousands TruReligion Troujans
Happy CincodeMayo!
How are you celebrating?
is legitimizing themselves and becoming my generations Wu Tang Clan.
you fuck with that?
you oughta tho
I hate to see you leave, but I love to watch you walk away
Omg dedication
hi person.
Happy Friday y'all!
Kicking off CincodeMayo w/ a festive bang tmister!
Wear ur fav Mexican attire, Shorts  flip flips welcome!
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most badass mommas out there!
:
Oh?
new, job...do tell?
I am going to Au Cheval tonight...excited.
Who told you about Instagram?
I'm going to get even more whiplash now!
Oy vey.
lol.
we're comin for you...
THEY WILL FIND THAT TRUCK IN NO TIME.
Hello Sydney.
Greetings from Florida.
TY for the follow; happy to follow back.
Liked your piece on the Avengers.
is officially moving to New Orleans.
Boom.
Heading to the Yoop in the morning...love it!
haha just kidding either because I take them in the early part of the day when no one is there or I look for empty areas ; 
You're 34 and are STILL looking for a prince who will treat you like a princess?
Christ christ almighty sweet Jesus
get over it cure
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
I dnt even know hw it started
Virginia politics can be scary stuff.
Glad you guys are enjoying our free picks.
Having all of my classes on MonWed is starting to get to me.
I'm exhausted.
Need a couple of days of sleep!
One Thing by just came on!
this is a sign!
WEGOTTHIS ONEDIRECTION and SWAG lol
Something you forgot  lil wayne 
it was the Herpes medicationeveryone in MKE knows that
waiting on my oatmeal to finish.
Gonna eat that, doctornk a protein shake, and then it's to the gym.
Conversations with the crew 
Now Teddy Long please rehire !
Thankyou
Building confidence and creativity, block by block with 40 off a WEDGiTS Building Blocks Starter Set and Design Card Deck this week from...
what's your zip?
The RT was because your laugh made me laugh again!
Its hot af out here!
Thank you wish you the best with the
RT We learn through pain because God knows we remember when we hurt.
Keep struggling.
Glory is waiting on the other side.
WHAT DID YOU DECIDE?
I FEEL I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW.
PACKERS 90!!!
YES!!!
Great way to start the week!!!
RT : When you see who's really there for you, it's kind of a reality check.
The news showed that one in six families don't have food for thanksgiving.
Give to a food pantry if you can!
We're very pleased to welcome to Twitter!
Please check them out for regular, lipsmacking updates on food  doctornk!
Haha nice!
RT : Let Me In
Love never fails; Character never quits;  with patience  persistence; doctorams do come true.
Pete Maravich
You can have to many chix.
You can have to many cars.
You can never have enough sounds or money!
Is there a socially responsible alternative to Apple?
I need a new computer but I don't want to contribute to unfair labor practices
Woke up sicker than yesterday : Is the semester over yet?!
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Mini Makeup Brushes!
Was it business as usual for you while your coworkers took off for the holida
hey man...cool avi!!
lol I retweeted it to see what you Guys would say
oh shit hahahahaha i forgot about that.
best line ever.
Just saw The Artist...one word...brilliant!
u got that right!
hypercorrection is usually an actual mistake.
DirectorsGeneral just behaves like attorneysg, secretariesg
PrettyProgressive is on NOW!
Tune in to
wait, you were taking jumpers?
Go to the rack, son.
Know your role...
a lot might have changed but you'll always be kidoctoruhl at heart!
Love you!!:
A plate of expensive food is just a big dump waiting to happen.
I screw up everything..
I 3 Sushi!
Interesting discussion on the importance of the doctoramAct!
mobilefirst design forces web designers to rethink content strategy
's Student Center Groundbreaking  Oct 6...
it's about time!
LoveHonor
YOU'RE THINKING: I hope I don't have homework over Thanksgiving break.
Why are the Knicks so wack?!?
Just because I had one bad experience it doesn't mean that I will have another one.
I meant sluts Damn auto correct!!
RT : Near perfect night!
Rockies win, saw amp; talked to amp; who were freakin amazingly ni ...
I wonder who's gonna catch that...
Good way for a rude awakening, sir.
Are you excited about the May issue of Open Letters?
We are!
From Derek Walcott to D'Agata, from Sylvia Plath to Brian Evenson...
RT : Followed up 's scoop by googling Perry Guinea Pig and found a youtube vid of a cavy singing with Katy Perry.
Just wrapped up a beast of a media tour briefing book  phew!
is that weed in this cup?
no, it's tea.
I just turned 30, so therefore I am locked out of all new slanguage...what is this YOLO you speak of?
Seriously how many movies am I.gunna watch today
thats all thats in my way now, and ill be done around 2pm Wed...
Sounds like a plan!
DM me your email :
thank you!!
I appreciate you jammin the prototype : : yo!
9 is the jam!
Really dope mix tape!
They will be given away NEXT wed.
FROM NOW TO WED I WANT TO HEAR EVERYONES REASON WHY IS SO
Very helpful list.
Thanks for sharing!
CLIPPERS 33 Grizzlies 29 Let's close the half out SMART!
GoCLIPPERS 2:37 to go in half.
Love this show.
Checking in to see how you're feeling.
Like Dorothy said in the Wizard of Oz, there's no place like home!
Wondering if want to go 1/4 on a gift for the
that's the one!
To each is own and all are God's, don't let your borders be someone else's boundary.
From Marcia L.A.
Dyson's Reflections of Hope.
I don't want my personality to become bigger than my musicAdele.
Neither of those compare to your hips
If they can't acknowledge you in public then they don't deserve you in private.
Haha!
Thats Madden Fool!!
: Aye mane..
Lakers gota get off the sticks doe...
21'd
they're TERRIBLE.
But I'm so fascinated.
How?
Why?
That's what I did.
From the mainsite.
please send me a list of all their names  emails or go to the sign up page that can be found on the FB page.
Hold on  I'm not sure.
But I think it's over.
I love ur mom too!
Feeling so BLESSED!
ok that's what's up
Leave it to ceelo to class it up with a doctormline.
Researching plants I remember as a child for a project.
Looking at Salsify tonight.
Dad used to spray paint these.
Arrange.
You survived Tuesday so Welcome:
Yeah that was a soap opera bridge too far
kiss my ass bitch
There are only 3 12 Tuesdays left.
We will be changing it it for the new year.
BoUt To Go To SlEeP TwItTeR.
SeE Ya ToMoRrOw!!!
omg they're everywhere!
u gonna be at some shows?
looks like back to back road trips for me Phish in Toga and Furthur in Bethel woot!
No one mentioned Tim Tebow today.
Did something happen?
:
no one can hate me enough to stop what LOVE doing, which is making music.
:
Hubs just turned on a Van Damme movie.
Early bedtime confirmed.
omg I can't believe my baby is 16 slow down..
I'm a mahomie : and you?
RT If you're a mahomie
I really need to read some Edgar Rice Burroughs books!
Why o why have I not read any of them yet?!
deusex soundtrack is beyond epic
when do you graduate?
are you a teacher?
I'm making all my passwords the word incorrect , so when it says password is incorrect I'll know .
Smart lol
Mike Herbermann, you are so annoying.
Leave me alone.
: speak seshhhhhhhhh really????
SPEAK??
Come on
There is no such thing as permanent knowledge!
i knoowww mother but i was kinda transformed at birth, i came out yelling
The reason for Ms.
Ellen London's termination is unclear to me.
I'm so happy....the Fairy Godmother knows the outcome of SF of H50...enjoy folks!
you get points for good husband/father today!
Preggo massage is a must!
Now just a nice dinner and perfect lol
THAT IS HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT THO INSTANT BONER
considering how much time it takes me to stroll around there that would be A LOT of cherry sours!
Aw, come back!
Its so much easier to let god handle it...
Watching my favorite show Once Apon a Time 3
Ok, lol!
My boy never pulled this doctorma.
: John Mayer rowing a kayak using 2 acoustic guitars joined at the head three tools in one kayak should be a crime
HAHA METS MAYBE YOU'RE NOT UNBEATABLE STUPID METS.
It is raining and raining some more here in the lovely pdx  need something to do ?
Check out the
Majority of people who spoke, did so in favor of mosque.
Even those in support said they expected more opposition at the mtg.
haven't tweeted in a while oh while i can't get rid of school
Immature love sees people through a lens of imperfection; while perfect love covers people's imperfections.
Joel Garcia
Lt.
Guv attorney, Hoyt: Hall picked the metric that made the most sense to him.
Uses Maestas expert Katz as reference.
After checking/coordinating with Howard and David, yes.
Better get some RT : Chestnut Hill / Mt.
Airy fans: After today we won't be back in your neck of the woods for 3 weeks!
you will not be disappointed.
Happy Birthday JB.
I want your babies.
me too.
But...
but...
but there's no crying in baseball...
he's a guy, he doesn't really know what he's talking about
Shout out to all Canes, opens tomorrow!
I think has one.
Yes!
The frogs.......deafening, yet entrancing.
I love walking
bout to watch hangover part 2
GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle I spy with my little eye..
you were only talking about it.
But I guarantee the couple was thinking about it too.
so don't worry!
happy mothers day to the best mom on earth.
I love you mom, 1 day i will be able to give you everything, thank you for always supporting me
I can fix this for you ;
Kingdom of God is mentioned about 100 times in Gospels, church 2 and Christians 0.
It was the main theme of Jesus and apostles preaching.
I wasn't that doctornk., Dude, you were hugging an old man with a beard and shouting 'DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE ALIVE!' 
One of the biggest things we could do to close the gap w/ Europeans is to pass this baseline privacy regulation says Strickling of
would the number of JB
using Jose Canseco's twitter feed as my pedagogical opening gambit.
juiced!
I love how tweets everything I would probably say...
Aha
I am not sure how I feel about RyanBraun winning his appeal.
WE NEED 3 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 300!!
6 MORE LIKES FOR 430!!
In 1:30 hours, it will be FRIDAY!
RVA, what are your plans for the weekend?
nothing but i just ate pizza so i'm happy lol wbu austy?
Sju girl's realization of relativity: Omg you're like so tall but like next him you're like short
Make your goals S.M.A.R.T.: Specific, Measureable, Achievable, Relevant and Time Bound.
right on starz!
give thanks...
same goes for chicago.
let's stay in touch.
bless
What's the going rate?
RT Did you know in Japan you can rent cats by the hour?
I'm not talking about the musical.
My brother is having a lemonade stand
what's keeping you busy my friend?
ok its on its way!
cheers
If you don't use everything you have to push your brand, you are wasting your time.
And that he is an idiot.
LOL

Thanks for the RT, I thought it was an interesting approach to weight loss.
Nice.
I think it's the hair.
MT on Capitol Hill for a4aChallenge.
IS 318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
haha period.
and same here foreal.
Things are good.
Just been working a lot lately, but can't really complain about that :p lol....now u can get a hold of me easily
Change your thinking, change your actions.
Change your actions, change your results.
Im so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional.
Please email
I got an internship with !
I was overcome with joy when I received the offer.
: some cool chics!
Lookin forward to future collaborations.
S/o to  Can't wait!
Why are you so set on shorting aussie yen?
promise I won't :D
RT : You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Henry Ford
No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows.
Today's special at our local lunch spot features pasta with shitake and cramini mushrooms.
Has ever a pair typos sounded filthier?
no big surprise its casey James
who are you aha?
online traffic school
Most likely a doctorwing.
Still working out details.
I think we'd benefit from chain Scripture sharing as well as chain praying.
Hate how one direction has been around for awhile and people are just noticing them now
FF funny that stinks pretty
yeah!
104 years of service to all mankind
: PJ Day 2012 coverage on Channel 9 and FOX 31.
Mayor Hancock, ice sculpting  lots of PJ Day info.
Going to see and with Becca!
: If only was here too to make this night absolutely perfect.
The RIT gunman debacle just shows the delicate balance between people playing citizen cop vs.
citizen spreading fear, uncertainty, and doubt
Just found my S.Carter collection mixtape i knw my homie know bout that!
I think I might've made a mistake.
It seems like ive cleared your conscience...but what about mine?
Notice how he calls it his house, not home.
RT Next Saturday I'm opening my house up for a DeMaio for Mayor Champagne Brunch.
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten!
Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter!
Josh Gray has signed with Texas Tech!
Thx.
For the party, I like wine from Napa.
: The joy of Calif.
it's not official, I'm hoping to get some feedback before calling him again
Good luck!
Im with you Gurl!
BethPhoenix!
Ah, haha thank you Natalie Portman.
Thank you!
We appreciate the support!
Wonderful to be recognized by HBS  increase our capacity to serve young

jennylynn Thx Jenny, I let the doctorver manager know.
He will bring in the doctorver to have a talk, maybe put him through a refreshment class
Help me
3/3 never give up I love her and u to
The only good argument for any particular religion is It works for me, or some variation on that idea.
I know seriously I'm only 10min in and I've said Awww like 20 times
It's a beautiful afternoon  the Farm..Come by  pick up our strain of the day; White Walker!
Plus, pick up any two top shelf grams for 30!
I blame that TD on the uniforms.
SCOOLS OUT LETS ROCK N ROLL SCHOOLS OUT LETS ROCK AND ROLL RT IF UR GLAD SCHOOLS OUT :
Last day in New York, :
u need to start stepping out with no less than 2 chics at a time.
A cloth over a birdcage.
But it is certain that
People who get on twitter ; just to talk Shit 
Of course, in his intro, said he was dancing since he was a kid.
Why can't DWTS only pick celebs that don't know how to dance?
When it rains it pours!
So happy for a turn around that is coming my way!
Thank you all for your love and support!
I'm blessed!
Ladies if you wanna find out how to get your makeup proper.....follow fellas follow too she.s a 5 chick!!!!
Nice!
What doctorve did you choose?
how was the Baher Butti iraqi refugee event?
In San Diego and hoping that it's actually a good omen when your project planning session gets rocked by a 6.0 earthquake!
;
Yes shuh, kind of scary, huh?
MAN!!!
its such an overwhelming day for mee..hope tomorrow is gud at skool
Almost 2 month in thanks for all the support!
thx4follow.
Q: what do you think is the big sxsw theme this year so far?
socialentrepreneur, edtech, gamification, locatn
hotmailmessengerchat beingslumpedinspanish we're too funny.
Looks fine on my kindle devices.
I may have to reupload.
People are so unpredictable, even if you live your life as an open book, they'll still wonder which pages have secret messages
why aren't you at 12ntc?
: You should be here.
The ladder of success must be set upon something solid before you can start to climb.
Meeting with the President of in 90 minutes.
Banana, granola bar, and a doublecupped coffee...
gameplanning the YnH way
Thanks for the Oprah RT
greed.
they're the same people who write virus protection software.
tequila rain tonight?
flickr is a gr8 photo platform.
U cn merge it w/ wordpress 2.
Wordpress has many photo gallery plugins that R dynamic.
Fatal Accident on AstoriaMegler Bridge has it closed both ways....
likely to remain closed for the next few hours.
fuck that shit I that why I love college it's been only my first year but homework once a week that is perfect just perfect
He's not sleeping, he is up
a twelve lounge wit vybe....Okc on the flat
Happy Birthday Frenchie!
am gonna watch him
FUN FACT.
has attractive brothers.
My first response is gross my second is rightclicksave.
Happy Queen's Day!
Wear orange today for a free Grolsch!
Hey David.
Get at to see about the competion.
She is with Praise Dance Showcase
Morning went fine.
It's Friday today.
That's even better.
Yo Perfume Smell Like Roach Spray  0o ......
search The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo
Thanks!
I appreciate any information you can give me!
GM!
Happy Friday !!
Never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about.
yes.
Registered for 40 pacifiers...
seen one almost burst into tears lol
Perks of a Swiss professorssor: Swiss chocolate.
Yum!
You too.
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
There is nothing more mature than responding to a complaint with Eat Shit and Die.
Quiet time with family.
RT Describe your perfect camping trip in five words or less.
what next week?
Haha
One stop shop for business financing.
No upfront fees ever.
No cost for advice either.
or 8888196660
So weather I know you personally or not, weather we've exchanged words or not, thank you for touching my life.
Every thumbprint counts.
Stop by the B for a burger, fries and one of our new fruit juices, Mint Cantaloupe Agua or Peach Elderberry Lemonade!
Yea I hope he leave after this semester, but I have him unda control.
Lets just say I kno ppl
where are we going tmister?
Lol I thought we were having that house party
Help MidAtlantic Pug Rescue raise money!
At no cost to you!
www.igive.com/welcome/warmistergpromo.cfm?m713564
: My basketball knowledge may be a bit limited  haven't watched a complete PSU game since 2001.
and that was a girl's game
o what is the truth
I know we are all trying to keep each other awake.
Perfectly stated.
RT Pats won, Bruins won, Celts won.
great night to be a newenglandfan 
Gee tweeting CAN be fun.....John Cusack!
nice, would love to hear this story
Better Cueto has a bad game today than on Sunday against the Yankees.
TMF leading Sid down the path for a kill
I've almost said it to my students ...
It IS a Smith thing
I'm figuring out today if we are doing hospitality suite or VIP party in the hote bar today for indyglazier.
I'll let ya know!
but in the end i was fuckin' myself cause' i was way too doctornk to fuck anyone else.
WoW!!
Thanks for the great advice today via DM!
You were discreet, but in thanking you I certainly won't be.
You're a pro!
a whole lot but these are my main professorles
Really, AMC?
The Killing is a total Twin Peaks ripoff.
Pretty girl dead, Pacific NW, violent fathers, obsessed detective, now a casino too?
There are three stories on CNN's front page about Demi Moore changing her Twitter handle.
This is why we can't have nice things, America
Quick twitter poll: LinkedIn: Yes, use it mostly for business connections.
Others?
In another kind of asymmetric key system, Bob and Alice have separate padlocks
Yo I am not in Arizona.......
I thought you knew.
I moved in sixth grade..
My daughter is an athome mom of 7, but w/out gazillions of dollars to help out  makes huge difference.
36 o's so im riding round wit that nina
Losing my ID my first night in town has made getting around alawmw10 a LOT harder than I was expecting.
In a toy store picking up gifts for my oldest sons bday, 6 kids crying around the store and counting.
I thought these were happy places?
Just had a super fun shoot with for You are gonna love this.
Stay tuned.
Good Morning :
Brunch Time, where should i go?
Villa Mayfair Or Juvia Or Backyard Boogie
the worst show ever!
Why they don't use kyrons to let people know what the name of the movie or show they are talking about
I think I may be related to those dogs.
Gorgeous hair.
Had my first job interview today.
I think it went well!
I'm definitely excited about this opportunity.
....
Listening on our way to NOLA!
UK 2012 National Champions ...start the week off with a smile,
please tell me you have your phone lmao..
What videos are you guys watching?
We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!
Thanks for the RT!
No matter your taste, interests  budget there is a floor for your home in Austin....
Shop local come visit us today!!!
Wishing all Our New Friends out there tonight a Big Hello from Houston Texas..Ride Safe and Often
Sugar Shane about to Ge Sugar Slain.
Lookin sloppy out there
Bet it'll be nice to BREAKAWAY to have A MOMENT LIKE THIS with MISS INDEPENDENT :p
Bored I dnt want to go to skool tomarrow
This is gonna be a long day 
RT :  TAKEN  SINGLE People play too many games..
I have math next and I so don't wanna go!!!
Notice how the protoss positions his Colossus on the cliffs above his base to shoot down on the
Thank you, Carrie!
RT : I encourage everyone to vote for for Kanawha County Circuit Court Judge.
RT : Couldn't tell all in my interview with but the secrets out!
Who's comin to see me on stage w Tupac next Sun?
: Could people please stop calling 1WTC the Freedom Tower?
That Bushera name was doctorpped long ago.
WHAT??
goto newarklist.co enter email That's it!
we'll shoot you an email when the site is open for beta.
u can look at it as long as u dont grab it
i had over 400 pictures on my memory card and a piece of it just broke
That sucks .
But why?
WHY?
UGH Jackie Christie...I already didn't like you and this show makes me dislike you even more!!
Omg can't sleep.
Jeepers creepers
Going to Vegas?
Make sure you check out the Dirty Joke Show
hi i love you3
hey im going to a beauty pagent
i would but twitter isnt letting me follow any more people until i get more followers :
Twitter is now up to 200 Million Tweets per day!
Wow...That's a lot of tweeting!
I think he means the meds you're taking now.
Haven't you said they're better?
amazing effort by Meara, the kids on the back line.
Dax, and Lindpere.
I'm so beat, anyone wanna leave some love in my mentions and we can start talking tommorrow?
D
You're welcome.
I hope you're having a great week.
give up the good to go for the great 
Programmer/DBA turned Community Organizer turned Campaign Worker...
I wonder how this plays out?
Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still.
Chinese Proverb
Painting the new Adirondack chairs for the outdoor seating area
If you post Dirty Bieber Secrets that you need some holy water.
TONIGHT!
Comedy Straight 2 DVD at The Box Performance Spaceat 9pm!
WE WE WE SO EXCITED.
Sweet Punks,you will stay engagednobody puts baby in a corner.
Don't get cornered.
Pause,Listen,Breathe,Go There as Proud Citizens B.Punk!

Tweeting via Mobile  Tweeting via Web
will do!
thank you!

if it's over don't text/call my phone so I know its real ..
Oh crap also forgot CFA is out tonight.
Thanks for reminding me.
This will be an unreal game tonight.
BACHELOR PARTY ROCKS.....
omg ur in los angeles.hopefully i see u
so sad
I've never seen this one all the way through  It's hilarious!!!
Reading Jodi Picoult's Handled With Care...Can't seem to put it down.
Sitting in the airport at the gate, getting ready to board for another flight to Sacramento, Ca for doctorver Development classes!
LOLed when I saw this, because you said it in reply to my pothole tweet haha
its2012whyyoustill trynna hit the leanwititrockwitit
even if I had the ability I lack the heart 
We're looking for a local Milwaukee company to offer a complimentary website redesign.
Interested?
Tweet or email:
Madonna to the Xcel Energy Center Nov.
3.!
I have no energy today.
I like this video of Contemporary director Paul Ha and artist Sean Landers.
Ha looks like he's taking attendance while Landers speaks.
See Son del Llano Live Tomorrow Night Blue Martini!
PreParty From 911pm Ladies doctornk Free!
How come the ows people don't recruit homeless.
They already sleep on the streets ....
Dude!
Who are we kidding?
I still do that!
Awesome we can trace it back to one of its first sightings.
;
I'm at a pageant in new york or I would stage an intervention
I'd rather take a blow, at least then I would know, but baby don't you break my heart slow.
The Lakers got this they getting HOT
out chea with the fam at stocks ..
happy beeday and hour to my cousin ceddy!
Hey Kim...ask the Grizzlies to reply to my tweets.
Thanks.
Love the feedback.
Your suggestions are noted, and we'll discuss it over cocktails tomorrow.
Thanks for taking the time, Ryan!
futile?
Yes: taking credit.
Im leaving at 0900 on Monday.
TY for once again being both a doctorCorporate Member  the sponsor of doctor Technology Woman of the Year Breakfast on April 26.
Good things comes to those who waits
We still have it.
The 2 is to get your spot secured :
War Eagle thru  thru, but it's sad to see go.
Best Wishes...
In some ways, Sendak helped to raise me.
RIP.
Complaint that Google ngrams isn't connected to any library...but isn't Google Books a library.
yeah, the skinny one was askin for your number!!
Lol
I have homework 
For FridayReads, a return to my childhood w SWIM by
I think I might have seen it too.
It's the one with the camera tripod on top, right?
Thanks for the follow Thrifty!
Love all the free events you're tweeting about...
New Video : Coming Soon !
Sounds like he just wanted to play frogger with his life!
The leading hitter in the Reds' lineup is Joey Votto at .271.
Only Votto and Stubbs hitting over .250.
Overall, not good.
Getting ready for the Superbowl?
Superbowl Village opens this Friday, how are you planning your studying to make a trip to the festivities?
Austin should make a music video for SaySomethin.
I think we would all agree on this am I right?
RT if you do.
Yep Cuz I Love You!
:
lol...now thats a serious tweeter
when are you and getting married?
boom!!!
Os that where thats from?
Thx for proper citation!!
Um, she had a somewhat troubling series of tweets, followed by her apparently deleting her account
When it comes to your customers and CRM, good data in means good data out.
Our chances good vs UCLA IMHO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Thanks for the RTs
Oh yeah sex oh yeah uh omg jk just joking ha
I've been walking around too agressively lately.
Averaging nearly 17k steps for the last three days and my knees are a little sore.
Commission meeting in session.
Will give direction to line doctorwers today for Congressional and Legislative districts.
sounds good loco xD
its got a great beat
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is Sweet Georgia Brown
You know Dude, I dabbled in pacifism myself at one point.
i though we was Cool ?
Heard the Hunger Games were only meh.
mhmm.
Like it?
How many of our songs are on it?
Seeing as how party is our directive!
are you a photographer now?
fantastic article!
:
Miss Twitter today.
Traveling to a school visit now in Lake Charles, LA
Walek  Associates wishes everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
fantastic idea sir!
If you want a good book to read, try The Trickster Makes This World.
phenomenal.
PC load letter?
That could be sedentary occupation
Fuck society, it doesn't do any good for anyone
Baltimore, what isn't happening today?
I won't let love disrupt, corrupt, or interrupt me.
dude, work on your photo composition.
I can't see your cigar or scotch glass!
Daily GTKY question: What Era do you think is the best?
Why?
Turn off your television.
Peanutbutter fudge is a hit per official tester.
He won't share  if I can peel him off the ceiling from the sugar hi, I'll b happy.
No need to let your past determine your future :
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read.
G.K.
Chesterton
RT : Thrilled that begins mailing out Get Lamp today.
// Nice!
Hadn't heard of this.
Is anyone watching the Red Sox game?
Greatest stolen base in history.
Feet first AND head first
im hungry again :/
Lol.......I remember my nigga...I was just thinking about that earlier....u played just like he did today
Basketball all day.
Who you got?
Trying to research at school...
Bad idea.
Internet keeps frezzing
I'm with you brother.
Hard to imagine this franchise without him.
Definitely a sad night.
Lol.
I feel the same way.
My only trade off with marrying an American woman is the lack of knowledge in cooking Trini foods
Oh no, precipitation in Austin.
Everyone, doctorve reallyy slowww!!!!
You got it!
;  Ready to Hang Loose for sure!
Ha!
Hope you are having an amazing day!
: Before writing childoctorn's books, doctor Suess wrote very adult books such as Boners and More Boners.
sounds like you
HEY NORTH CAROLINA: you're bumming me out.
Morning all.
nowplaying No Lie by 2 Chainz feat.
doctorke.
Obsessed.
Package misdelivered; ur rep says I can't file a claim that shipper has to  shipper closed for the day.
Very frustrating.
Just had that hot green sauce again at a local Mexican joint and my lips are on fire.
I love it!
awe!: I'm watching hop too!,:
who u b?
; all those fairytales are full of shit.
one more love song, i'll be sick.
Maroon 5
Of course it was his idea lol, but everyone else wanted to do it too.
It wasn't horrific, but I had to go really slow.
It's Employee Appreciation Day at !
We had a yummy lunch at What do your organizations do to show appreciation?
: thanks for the cool swag.
Can't wait to put it to use So awesome, right??
should boards be accountable to all, or just the mayor?
In chi the mayor appointed campaign contributors.
are you going to the KState game on the 17th?
Filming a Bud Light commercial all day in Malibu!
Nicomo, Nicole Moore!!!
Your contribution is so important!
Thank you times a hundoctord million!
RCYT big day!
There are a lot of sparkly bedazzled cowgirls at this rodeo.
Take Out at Barnes  Noble Sat., Aug.
1st at 11 a.m.
The Story of Chopsticks by Ying Compestine.
Meet artists Rick  Nancy Dillen.
IsraAID was on ground in Japan four days after earthquake and tsunami.
need so support
That also failed.
Wendys was the final stop.
Fries and Frosty :
Do you hate it?
You're not being very clear.
;
yes you have to scroll down a little bit it was probably awhile ago cause I haven't been on for awhile P lol
Raymond Felton won't be able to follow up on one of his best games of the year.
Will miss Tues.
game vs OKC due to family reasons.
RT I love falcon flames !!!!
Anybody understand response to volly on the east pdx zoning issues?
He said sucking dick for some shoes isn't gay ..............let me stop
yeah sure what do i have to do?
I might be subconsciously turning into a vegetarian.
it was awesome over here!
Flying back home today :
by ATC I mean Around The Corner...
Sorry ;
Vet calls my dog misterKenny Kettner.
I LOVE yOU
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is a Jeses freak...
always up your ass about good decisions
Fashion show for the opening of the men's store at Neiman's in Bal Harbour last night was amazing!
pretty sure i would only consider having a CC party if it was in a panel van parked next to an elementary school...
Excited to impregnate you with them.
trying to get my blog, myspace, facebook, and twitter all sychronized
1 Catch parent's eye 2 ask parent if they can help stop it 3 super power intervention the flight attendant
im a real passionate person
Cool!
Thanks!
I'll pass it along to them.
Open the flood gates that will overflow my life  character with your grace, anointing and love.........Selah
A daring escape!new page posted today at www.rocketrobinson.com
LOL : Females are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
DeadlySpecies 
coming soon!!
RT : the social at indulj was GREAT!
I can't wait for the calendar of events to posy next week!
At Deluxe in Broadway for last day lunch
I just want to tell you that, you're beautiful.
Damon Fizzy.
or just consider it a good chance to gun it....
Thought so too, but on the replay, he hits the back of Sproles' head with his elbow as he jumps.
Tough call, but right call.
Abraham Lincoln said: Let us readopt the Declaration of Independence, and with it the practices and policy which harmonize with it.
guess who doesn't care?
This country loving girl right here ;
nothing just working and now I'm with my best friend jack in the work and what about u!
Allergic to fish like me?
Some supplements use fish as part of the capsule casing so be careful
can't just not
r u going to be on new album

glides like Janet to the kitchen
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!
First time I've seen Bon Over...he looks like the guy who should be taking his daughter to gymnastics..
I love these crystal clear NY mornings.
Makes me think anything is possible!.
quotes Executives owe it to the organization and to their fellow workers not to tolerate nonperforming individuals in important jobs.
Merry xmas
Love The Way You Lie
You on some Dami ish with your tweets, taking over my whole timeline LOL
Thanks!
I wasn't thinking of Voiles, but Debussy is of course a wonderful touchstone.
sup girl!
going to bed, waking up at 7:00 am.
ttyl
Lol!!: Gemini women may manipulate several guys at a time, but when they find a good one, all the games stop.
and was able to come up with some brilliant gifts  ThX 4 great selection and will be just as much fun as giving a fine wine!
you go out tonight
Catch Chef Mario on San Diego 6 in 10 minutes.
He'll be giving a sneak peek at our restaurant week menu.
It starts tonight!
Q9.
Sea salt and olive oil.
We have one with a barbecue grill on top...
Eat cheap weekend!
performing solo, duet w/ Bruce Mui Ghent and w/ Maikaze Taiko at Dance Mission Theater in San Francisco, tonight at 6
yes mam, born and raised.
What part of Florida?
I go to Boca pretty often.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
dear Blues, it's a trap!
signed, Admiral Ackbar.
I don't follow American idol but that hot guy with the guitar should win
Will make the cut at the theplayerschampionship?
off for a doctorve :P
Dont Chase After SomeOne You Like, Go After SomeOne You Love
A message to anyone reading this My ex is back  Im going on a car ride with him to listen to Coast to Coast AM.
If i wind up dead
im trying to come down for a game as always James!
holla at ya boy
Well THOUGHT, or WISHED good and faithful servant  No.
Well DONE...
heading back to the office tomorrow after being away for a week and a half.
I don't know whether I'm excited, or terrified.
what did whitedick say our essay would be over?
how can you not put the OSU/ Ohio mascot fight in the top10plays?
Work out ova wit now for some networking www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic I make good music ...
That is all
Don't limit yourself to what other people think of you.
: I can scream really good like for real, me and are beast.
haha
It's  SternSocialMedia not  SternSocialMedia :P
What is the 6 digit club number for POKERSTARSVIP club?
Why don't you hear about more dads eating the placenta?
Another Day....of this Bull...just happy to be alive somedays..
Billy Joel and DeAndoctor Brackensick say Only The Good Die Young, but please ComeOutToPlay first
Success isn't permanent, and failure isn't fatal.
Ditka, Mike
love the sassyness that is The man can only keep quiet so long.lol.
love ya.
This morning was a study self session for the SCS exam, and this afternoon is at doctorxelUniversity clinic.
How about you??
watching the last song!!
:
I'm imagining vials of insulin and test strip containers floating in on silver parachutes.
Did you love on your mom today?
: that's way to early for me!
Like says...I gotta go to work!
Until the day I can coach full time!!
I'm super short cause I never went to bed early....
lol
If anyone get hurt oops they fault
Would like to see more academics I admire be open and honest abt their first 3 yrs on TT.
Who gets to sleep?!
Tried calling 94.1 and it ended up being 99.5 or something like that I just wanted to request One Thing and they wanted2 tlk to my mom...
Why does nothing ever get accomplished?
You're welcome!
that's impossible, believe me babe.
what do you see in math at the moment?
: xoxo 
By Number 2 I mean a second cup of coffee, not that I am about to go poop.
Just arrived at Rudolph Lake Campground in Santa Claus Indiana.
And I thought South city was rife with hoosiers...
The significant problems of our time cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.
awesome finish!!!
Great to see you win at our local track!!!
And even tougher when you get to tag along and not have to work ;
RIP Dick Clark and LEVON.
is gettin' ready for work.
cuz libraries R full of cobwebs  dust,librarians R all secr witches.
y do u think they all wear buns, 2 fit under pointy hats.
Happy Leap Day!
please follow she is you biggest fan!32
Hi, I'm Rickie Weeks.
You might remember me from such home runs as...the monster I just hit.
It ain't no thing fans are Laker fans, they know now that since your here , your a threat to the Lakers reign in L.A.
Interesting night...Hahaha
Your high school post was pure awesome.
Especially since I know where you went to school and I recognized at least 1 person :
I don't think anyone expects that.
But it's OK to be frustrated with not getting closer than the Sweet 16.
you were making fun and you know it!
You went to Cornell, you're smart and a good journalist.
Just hope you think b4 u tweet.
S/o to for saving my life by lending me her graphing calculator
I don't sleep much
Yes!
No rebranding or chasing fads.
Instead embracing our expertise while supporting sustainable future 4 city  US
Stop by today for some delicious fresh pottato soup
Have you ever been fired?
please contact me about fraudulent activity  someone used my debit card to sign up for a membership
I hate life fitness so much!
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone.
RT : RT : Wanna hear a joke?
The NBA.
Your attention, please.
Just 2 hours until a very strange Evening Magazine.
7pm KING 5.
Thank you.
Busy night at safehouse karaoke all the auto show spokes models are here
I need to find a way to get you to lighten up, chick!
It's a comedy!
Melissa McCarthy was a riot.
YAAYYY!!!
BREEZY WON A GRAMMY!!!
But you know, she wasn't with him...
Watching Debbie Allen speak to LAUSD board on importance of arts education.
Spot on  spectacular!
congrats!
almost as many years as lower education...
A BFHistoryLesson  today in 1831 Quebec and Montreal were incorporated as cities.
Watching demi get punk'd lmfao too funny :P
Was going to read your article but couldn't get around the popup.
Wait..
wtf is mi/ga?
I don't remember that, lol, it was DONT HAT xD
anyway...
im seeing again in 3 weeks!!
Great Company, I love my glucose meter, thanks ADS!
If youre a car, and youre doctorving on the east busway: youre wrong.
Happy to have you in WI, but the point is we need national money to compete with Walker, not another Wisconsin fundoctoriser.
Looking for people who have been financial supporters and/or volunteers with Planned Parenthood Southeast.
email .
thanks.
glad the point was represented and smart albeit so notsexy!
And Lakers fucking suck right now.
Except Kobe.
erl12 We cannot build systems in a vacuum  we need librarians to help pressure content providers to use standards.
Bob McQuillan
Of course my cousin Tricia is in the 8th row  the Suns/Lakers game, someone in the family has to expirence this ridiculous play!
The Badgers would have no one to guard
Severe thunderstorm watch for southern MN until 11pm tonight.
Two tournament games booked this weekend
Guy just shows up for work, clocksin, clocksout and WINS, yet always given the shaft RT : Kyle Orton is a class act.
Take a picture and tweet it.
Show your Alice In Chains ticket to the Frightown box office tonight only and receive 5off FrightTown regular admission.
Adoctoran Rosario and Daniel Ray Herrera are the PTBNLs in the Krod trade with Mets.
Good morning tweeps!
We are halfway through the week already!
Pick up a 20 piece McNugget for a yummy lunch or dinner to share.
It's official, I'm obsessed with Can't stop pinning.
I didn't know you lived there...cool...but seriously this is for 640 million dollars...it has to be as random as the doctorwing
apparently i now learn that it's snowing from Twitter, as opposed to say, looking out a window.
thanks !
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 43
The full film will be available to rent and buy mid December.
Dan Jimenez from AustinTX is the director.
Thnx 4 the interest!
April is almost here...who has an April birthday???
Mental?
You want to see MENTAL Orlando City?
You guys are weak.
Come on bulls let's score a goal!
Going to be an awesome day for design in April !
continued...
I said You are fortunate I love you so much...
I only let the one's I love bite me!
Thanks.
I can introduce you to a ceremony where you could start.
There are actual practical steps to take, believe it or not.
its all time : getting closer :
compelling deadipad use cases!
Yeah, Christopher Plummer!
Just launched a fabulous Facebook promotion  become a fan of Hotel Carlton on Facebook to take advantage of this offers!
Good Morning February 29th, where have you been the last four years?
RT RT If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace for at least 2 hours.
Dammit little tinker toys in my floor wtf
you're hiding something....
It's almost been a year since started following me but I havnt had any luck talking him yet
The VLive Lounge Of Houston 9275 Richmond Avenue.
We Don't Close Until 6AM.
FREE No Cover Charge  TONIGHT...!
Daddy LO NDAMIX
I've been busy but good : How have you been?!
In dealing with Bush's failed economy, we MUST be able to buy more votes, and THAT is why the Debt Ceiling NEEDS to be raised!
Orioles lead Rays 43 at the Top of the 6th Inning
lol i dont really go on twitter anymore
on shaky ground today in manhattan!
that was a crazy feeling.
Sometimes things fall apart so better things can fall togetheer 3 c': .
The US Postal Service employs more union members than the whole auto industry.
That's telling
easybib helps with documentation
By summer we need to have as accuarte as we can get and decide if taxing capacity allows for other projects to be in included.
Not going to lie.
Just went to Ricky Martin's website to see if he was touring anytime soon.
Sadly, no.
5d6dQhQs2d into a 250 pot ...
The bluffer had 78o and AKo called the bluff.
Ace high won
Katy Perry Part of Me 3D
let me know...check out www.bitchimfrom.com
Need a cure?!
We've got you covered!
maybe if he showed more boob.
We were kind of underdoctorssed.
But hey, that's how we roll at ZNF.
...
it being internet marketing.
Lol Anything Is Possible
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?
There's gotta be a better way!
already much respect they will very soon
Let Me Do You All Night Long :.
But we can't saturate the market if density is held hostage to FAR and density bonuses.
Records were meant to be broken!
i knowww.
me too.
I'm talking to that guy right now :
when you wake up at 1:30 and are tired by 3:00...
As do you!
Hope we see you again soon!
did a search for los gatos and you popped up.
Such good taste on your blog!
Hey Ike, are you going to be at Heinz field on Saturday for the Fan Fest ??
how are u
Giving up on your doctorams.
Thanks for the quote and for RT'ing the piece.
Charles Krauthammer says that Rick Santorum is stuck living in the 1950's
give us a hint of what it is 3
love France!
The grader probably won't agree with that, but oh well.
Too many fat girls.
Hey PinkHatArmy, get out there and tell the world that I deserve SB46 tickets because I am just so awesome.
is that for me or mommy?
Organizational requires knowing the culture in place and alignment across diff staff levels
thanks for the follow.
After 1.5 hours I finally figured out how to create nice graphs with LaTeX...now to find a reason to use this new power
Don't be ashamed or afraid to take as long as you need; it takes as long as it takes.
You are in my prayers.
Thanks for pic of me stepping out from Merch role to bang some doctorms!
rockofthemerchistops twitpic.com/5ibggg
How can someone so easily let go of such an amazing thing staring right at them?
If your ponytail looks like the end of a Baby paint brush we can't date.
I was shocked to see that he is that disgraceful...
Warren Buffett takes stake in Lee Enterprises
3/11/1792J.
Armstrong: I am sure there never was a people who had more reason to acknowledge a divine interposition than the United States
Where are you off to?
RT : .
Based on 's radical herstory, they have a responsibility to act on behalf of racialjustice!
I nod back, while patting the back of the adopted boy we're educating together, relieved that we can communicate...
Ah.
Gotcha.
I was looking for a connection in the lyrics but you didn't go that deep.
;
will do.
Turns out she's not an academic at all but has built a career on bashing academia.
And now black studies, I guess.
I turn on the TV and Gene Simmons is doing the local weather.
PANTS PENNY'S BOAT
Hey!
We are having a party in your honor on 8/20 in Seattle  can you come?
Bouta make dinner :
aww!
is on a postsecret this sunday :D
U.S.
births are on the rise and are projected to grow over the next few years.
Who needs a Bottle Snuggler?
:
I think I'm a better case interviewer outside McKinsey than inside.
The Firm should hire me and as interviewing consultants ;
Tweet Tweet
I personally don't understand the backlash against Homeless Hotspots  although the name is poor, it's a service that helps both parties.
Apache...
Come thru RT Where did you go tonight?
I wanna smack that kid so much.
Gigantical thank yous to and for being with us all day!!!
wallywallywallyworld false alarm, they are piling in
For those counting at home, I've gotten 9 emails from various groups since the announcement.
S/O TO JOYCE SPARKS FOR THE GREAT INTERVIEW!!!
Loving listening to Joel Bremer's amazing CD this morning!
I'm at kilroys!
I better see you!!!
i know it sucks!
My favorite part of my day; doctorams
I'm obsessed with them!
My initial computation for one of the Xultun Maya numbers: 1195740 / 819  1460 Sothic cycle fractal number.
Maya 819count is the K'awil.
Seriously have received 15 robocalls today.
WTH?
Do these really work?
These hair extensions are getting on my nerves.
.
I hate Carl WalkingDead hope he becomes a
Sitting in the Senate gallery.
My friend and colleague from Mongolia, Khatanbold Oidov, is being recognized on the Senate floor.
I just discovered and I love!
Her voice, her songs are amazing!!!
RT oomf is a call girl and is now PREGNANT.
WTF rawed that bitch?
// Hope she tests negative
S/o my nig down in ATL holding it down for Memphis Work that's what we do
Nice tie this morning!
You and Kim match!
hulk smash
and here comes the thinking 
He's the Frank Burns of Minnesota.
Too bad they're so few and far between.
Besides 711 Press stuff, which is work  play, I read mostly classics for pleasure only.
Success does not come to those who wait...
and it does not wait for anyone to come to it.
Unknown Author
Somebody make me laugh...
Imma take Martin to the Puppy Park!
Breakfast with He pulls out your own expertise
's music is the reason I can't fall asleep at 1 in the morning!
and delicious cheese!
woah!
Do you have an extra helmet??
I want to be your backrest sometime!
;
Well, it's your fault for not finishing Overblood 2.
The FB group has a right to be mean IMO.
Among my four brothers, four sisters and me, I was the only one to leave Virginia and seek my fortune elsewhere.
Wall Street, now that's a waste of
business and ecology data hidden in untranscribed pics of menus
Oh well, I'll join in  say that this former New Orleans resident is enjoying Baton Rouge,  I'm excited to start at LSU!
Geaux Louisiana!
I wanna see Rousey make her tap out in first 30s
I kinda wanna giggle RT :  thingsthatlastedlongerthanDaleHuntersNHLcoachingcareer This tweet
lol thank you.
Almost to the California border!
Love that track also!
'See Through' is fantastic.
Newest HUD numbers are out: 636,017 people experience homelessness on any given night in America, down 2.1 from 2010.
your sleeping over baby?
33
Hey Ryan Braun: When your a doping cheat and if you beat it thanks to a dubious lawyer then keep quiet cuz your life now becomes HELL!
She has agreed to get/read the book.
That's a good start!
I'm leaving the day after your bday love
Great article by on why Virginia is for lovers.
Nice shout out to RdV
i think the latter is true.
lol
Hi Phil!
Saw your post on Explore  I'd love to chat with you about QR codes and how we might be able to help
uh too school for cool
when do you leave for Miami?:
wants it to STOP SNOWING
finally I'm charging my phone!
Bordeaux Futures Hit the Market, But Is Anyone Buying?
Recent days have brought top wines like Margaux and HautBrion; w
Whats the secret for glowing skin?
Exfoliation!
What about softness?
Exfoliation!
And also clear skin?
Exfolia...you get the point :
Every art director I've ever worked with has understood that typography  spelling are a part of design and not an afterthought.
There's an 80 chance that I'm going to Florida in July YEE  I might see there, hopefully I'll get to meet him for real!3
awesome guide!
Sitting in on a session about the digital divide in Baltimore
It's been less than 4 minutes and I'm already bored with Jax!!
God help me!
thanks but its true ..
I know right.
Talk about using berken as batting practice...hopefully jakey is on a roll tonight
I walked all thru my house trying to find where it was coming from, its getting louder
Riding to Phoenix with
should it still be a big deal when a women dunks in game??
I'm waiting for the first dude to get dunked on by a girl
Thank you!
333
Kept my gear doctor last year in rainy DC also brought xtra ponchos for protesters
Def jus saw a wendys commercial and they tryin be like kfc or boaton market...
Sweet potatoes and mac n cheese sides????????
I hate everything
Catching EddieVedder 's show tonight?
Stop in for dinner/Power Hour  let our Prime steaks satisfy before his Ukulele Songs whisk you away!
Good um...uh...what is it...morning, ma'am was just said to me on the phone.
This is what I deal with as a receptionist.
but of course!
Missed you lady!
get a iMac it will change your life
send us over your brand details to
Wishing all the mothers in TwitLand a very special day.
Some of the songs are duets with Whitney or artists associated with her career.
two great sxsw memories.
Glad you got together on the day that SXSW 2012 website went live.
Hope you'll be there!
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
Alphonse Karr
the Green Mill in Chicago...
That'd be awesome!
Hum...
Is my decaf decaf?
Cold here in Philly today!
Maybe should of gone for herbal tea.
Yep your welcome
Working working working it will take a while for me to catch up.
can't go back to the old me
me too man.
How's this weekend looking for you?
thought it was a bunch of pervs lol.
I am so tired.
ok ill be good
7 ways to sexup your workout
cut out the middle person.
nice work.
Time for some music !
listening to the Alabama Sheiks
I missed the first part of RAW what happens so far
new designs, a sticker, and a plush toy coming son!!!!
Wow today has been a mess.
Next year there will not be any presenters or speakers coming into my class.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Kennedy: A lot of times if you don't react back to criticism in anger, you'll end up with more stories
Creating art to post soon!
Reading tweets that are quoting Kevin Wilson saying kids don't read newspaper just seems demeaning to the kids he is trying to recruit.
When the LORD was about to take Elijah up to heaven in a whirlwind, Elijah and Elisha were on their way from Gilgal.
2 Kings 2:1
Am I the only person who thinks making a movie of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer is a dumb idea?
He is still faithful!
Best weather week of the year ahead
Award season has come and gone!
What's to become of us?
Rango?
Aw thanks!
You're too sweet!
THAT being said, shoulda looked at a map first before I doctorve into swamp.
Typing Dad's order of service and ur famous landmark will be giving a scripture ;
WE have to change.
Black women especially.
this point from the article was lost in the interview
Goin to church for the first time...in a long time
Random person ice12 I didn't know librarians, could look like you YES THEY CAN!
BREAK THE STEREOTYPE librarians!

Don't overdo it and make it worse.
I get the no workout though.
Maybe upper body?
Wisdom GUTS bus.
Work is a part of life but not life.
Appreciate the people in your life, that's most important.
so a job dosent work??
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
OK, another busy day done!
Time for much needed rest.
Hope everyone had a fantastic Valentines Day.
Good night and God Bless.
Our 1 yr bday is coming up.
Can you guess the date?
Party details coming soon...
I just tried to clip my toe nails with a tie bar....they look oddly similar.
u no its true
Do you have an Emergency Disaster plan for your pet in case of disaster?
Stunned Mills even came out for Round 2 against Rory McDonald.
Round 1 was an ass kicking
got that right
S/O to my NFERS
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Fran Lebowitz
Soaked wet from head to toe ..
my husband was wondering why I was smiling and laughing so much.
I told him it was twitter.
We hope that you are enjoying the beautiful day Cincinnati!
RT : Homecoming is here!
Come check out the WAA Hookup Booth this Friday in Library Mall from 124!
Win a Homecoming Tshirt!
: Adorable...
name?
Prince Studly Bear Brown 13 years old  still going and going and
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then thered be peace
Blackhawks That should be the last time Crawford wears the Indian head sweater ever again.
Not 1 shoutout
You have to be a little crazy to be a genius.
:
Very helpful article thank you.
PCA eww how nasty tip hanging out
Trying to find more uses for Google Wave
Tweeters!
I'm prepping for a 3song EP release.
so excited to get my original music out to you!
I'll be releasing the song titles next week
that's when he gave me true friends who are honest and have stable personalities My God!
Jesus will work it out everytime on time!!!!
u missed tha whole week, lucky ass
The regular burgundy/blue/sand vinyl, or the newer style they're going to use on the 7000Series cars?
Gmail settings in Gmail.
Mail SettingsForwarding  POP/IMAP.
Set AutoExpurge to Off, Move the message to the Trash below.
Bristol Palin has done what most GOP members want.
Didn't use birth control, didn't get abortion and will fck anyone at a wine tent party
I wish South Florida had volcanoes, so bitches like yOu can jump into them and burn BURN.
class act!!!
U will be missed in bmore
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':14
Come and see the Chargers on our big screens!
No blackout here, starts at 1:15pm.
Enjoy our pizza buffet while watching the game!
are you attending CTIAW12 ?
We will be getting there tonight with
HOLY HOMELAND
Research the Internet  excuse to be on the Internet.
had quite a interesting lunch with him yesterday, one of my fav!!:D
Perkins Gonna Work It Out
Let's make some memories and remember forever.
I have fallen into the research rabbit hole.
I'm not sure if I can recover in time to meet my deadline.
that's awesome !!
I'm very happy for you and yes I can't wait!!
Ull be a great mommy :
guys I heard something if I die tell justin I love him .
K thankss
Bout to change my avi
When bad teams say Let's do what it takes to make playoffs, they start signing mediocre vets to MLE's  overpaying their own FAs.
My dog has some nerve!
He just sat in my lap and asked me to give him a tip.
so true amazing!
Go
Retweet for s/o  idgaf anymore :
man tripn, he needta hurry up and put out.
too many folks dont kno about him
awesome, good luck girl!!
suree and follow me back?
Sorry bobro.
My best friend still is in love with her Tshirt and makes sure to make a reference every day.
I actually walked out of Austin High.
Haven't done that since max payne.
Kudos to ANYONE that finishes a film though.
It's the wisdom and energy from all you guys that keeps us motivated, so keepitcoming :
amen to that!
This is true, and it is not because I am a member of a conspiracy, but because it is a bad and misogynist movie.
I dont plan on getting rid of this name anytime soon, my entire personality is in it and im not ready to give that up
Pork steak for dinner.
Good stuff.
Merry Christmas Alex hope you have a great day!
:3
EdVoices Lily Eskelsen blogs for about closing the education gap in the Hispanic community.
bit.ly/ntBbJh
me to : that would be great haha
Thanks for the RT and glad it was a helpful article about transferring bb photos to your computer :
Where did you get the petpillow?
I want one badly as hell D
EarthDay turn out the lights.
Post ur contribution on planetredo.com afterwards
Watching people take 's tweets out of context and/or simply not get it is the best comedy you'll find all day
Two concerts, two weeks, same venue and I must say that was better on so many levels than the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Is anyone still awake out there?
Does anyone want to hear some previously unknown walkergate stuff?
Great!
Thanks for the support.
Happy Friday!
:D
This girl wants to be blonde again, le sigh..
My former colleague Tim Roberts and I wrote the grant that brought that to Western Illinois Univ!
no..
I was just saying good for you for setting him straight.
: People need to understand that HIV isn't a Gay disease
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger 8
Holy shit though really I'm so funny it hurts.
Booking a couple's Destination Wedding at the Excellence Playa Mujeres in Cancun.
Great group rates.
5 1/2 Star Resort.
All Adult....
hi !
I have a few questions could I chat with you please :
please no I need my Mikaela hugs
Island Creek Oyster Bar!
Great post on today way to blog!
my mum said when she goes to bed with her luck the phone will ring, guess what just happened mum?!;
It's looking like 's show at is going to sell out today.
Go grab your tix while they are still available!
And...how the hell are we ever gonna get anywhere when you can get a whole room of black people to shout, fuck these niggas?!?
Ha!
Thanks for your tweet!
You were so sweet to come, and I loved hanging out with you.
join the club!
can you help me get more followers...i love reading your tweets!!
Keep em' comin
Bold Picks: Seton Hall, South Fla and California miss field.
Northwestern, Iona and Mississippi State make it.
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
Also working on a seven DVD series on culinary skills.
Filming in Chicago again next weekend.
Last weekend we only put in 35 hours!
i am going to be listening to SAYSOMTHIN all day today :
RT : uficapetown Fantastic evening entertainment, thank you CTICC!
I agree!
Great time!
You don't know, you're beautiful.
That's what makes you beautiful.
3
When i think about you i think about 17 i think abt my old jeep i think about the stars in the sky
I'm the one at the payphone.
Did you know is the State Library?
Great to attend 's
A bunch of my classmates from high school are coming out to the show tonight!
Can't wait!
Today is the last day to order pix from me autographed 3 Get URs today!!
:D
Mom took it away.
Herbert LANL new IIPC member is going to talk
Love Thursday morning coffee dates with
The avengers was the best movie iv ever seen!!
April is defiantly my favorite month
Next time I screw something up at work, I'm going to tell my boss It was meant to be satirical.
Seems like a pretty good catchall.
why must brownies be so good..
Never call a girl fat or make jokes about her, you never know how hard she'll go to prove you wrong.
Imagination is everything.
It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
haha.
I do the same thing.
Head full of water, but I didn't manage to land my second switch krypt off the kicker.
Now to start grabbing it!
Watching party for game at Granfalloon tonight with doctornk specials from 711pm.
Hit me up if interested!
Just saw
Tried rye whiskey whisky last night.
EXCELLENT.
100 Rye so it doesn't taste like modified bourbon...
I was thinking that too
Last clinical day!
Yay for burning white scrubs tomorrow!
And it's back to the doctorwing board, I guess.
...no joke, just changed mine
Happy Birthday Kris Jenner!
Just played Sonic the hedgehog 4 Episode I on my Wii.
I'm thinking about getting Episode II for my iPod soon the graphics look awesome!
:
Jonald spread over the longest piece of bread
Saw a black kid wearing a hoodie on my street, and just followed my instincts...
I said whatup.
He said whatup.
No shots fired.
Haven't voted on the union merger yet, I'll do it this weekend.
I have to watch the videos on the SAG website.
Just say No to TroyandAbedCivilWarring They're much better together
Thanks for the RT!!
back to sleep.
According to researcher Astin, Involvement is a behavior, not an attitude.
Feelin' a little better!
So I'm going to The Don Gatlin Show taping tonight!!
yayy!
New Show announced in Sarasota August 26th at Word of Mouth
How do i tell him i like him?

Deletes trash, ejects doctorves, powers down, cracks brew.
See you tomorrow, Friday.
Learning to balance life is the key to true happiness.
You can't do it all, at least not in one day.
Give yourself permission to be human.
Tonight the Grammy noms get announced.
Last year got a nod amongst others.
Any picks for tonight?
Let us know.
Is amazed at how small the new iPod Shuffles are.
Dinky, dinky, dinky!
I swear my dad act like his job is more important than his own kids !
it's Argento I would prefer confirmation.
good luck!!
RT : Game day is here!
salute to all of the Tech Titans getting ready to go to battle tonight.
Do What We Do.
Done writing me song hehehe
I am SO ready to be done for the day!
I want to start my holiday now!
The asses that these beautiful women have in the city really making me consider pornography as my career of choice.
Dancing With The Stars Pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy amp; Propel Zero Host Just Dance ...
Sacramento Bee
show tonight?
u r liked by me on fb lol
Now it's here!
What's Plan B?
Wyeth haha.
It sucks
No one can go back and make a brand new start.
Anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
We're getting close to 1100 likes!!!
Whoo!
Who's gonna help us get there?
Why are there a bunch of highschoolers on campus during finals week?
I've made peace with my decision to skip
Hello humidity.
true story: she is scared to death she would get bit by a bug.
WhiteGirlProblems Are you missing the 21st?
thanks for the mention.
Have a great weekend.
Probably because to live in Seattle where people don't know how to doctorve
Thanks Alan :!!
Just heard that social media its the new first impression.
Oh well.
Sometimes my mother makes me so mad.
THURS QUOTE: The truth hurts, but it doesnt kill.
The lie pleases, but it doesnt heal.
Unknown / FOXlies on
hahahahha Dan cat takeover
The Press.tv is suspicious, but the original is from Daily Mail.
It is proposed settlement, not a bribe, so maybe true.
Of course.
just received our Logistics fan pack from  it's awesome!
What a great way to start our Monday, thanks UPS!
How is everyone doing???
Always thought I needed y'alls approval.
I'm a little more educated on the matter now ty.
Thankyou for your quotes: we all love you guys and you teach us so many things if only you knew :
only the best for Dan
PERRINO!!
What's happening to Phil!!
He played that par 3 like I would of and he needed to play it like you woulda!!
i need to get my tweets up
There is a lid for every pot, a key for every lock...Ashanti Proverb.
AAIP AfricanArtsInThePark Aug 1112 Dwtn Pgh
thanks.
I just want to replace some clothes!
Holidays are weird.
Goose Island Bramble Rye BCBS is out today again at stores following the release last week.
Good hunting.
Sale Alert!
2nite only!
Visit us  say the secret discount code: I live cute!
then wink  youll receive 20 off your entire purchase!
3
I hope he remebers that the nxt time he calls me...smh boo st8 to vm
Looks like we found your tongue, didn't we?
I intend to, Miss M, thank you.
Please enjoy your day.
Launch party in an hour.
Teens come out to the Rockville Library!
And cowgirl boots?
Maybe you should just move there.
Staying in tonight.
Warm, gorgeous weather during the day, and a nice spring rain shower at night.
Exactly how it should be!
Omg!!
Tonights glee is gonna AMAZING!!!
They sing One Direction and Selena!!
Join the conversation on Twitter: Check us out at !
Triggers everywhere
Bitch ya hold dwn that fonky ass breath cuz all i smell is ass t'f you been smoking on crackbaby!?!
ok thanks!
Because i'm doing it right now and i want to finish it tonight!
Discovered my new alltime favorite Pandora channel 'Escala Radio' thanks to SymphonicQuixotic last weekend.
Amazing!!
MT : Hey!
and I are teaching Topics and Tools in the Digital Humanities this spring.
You should take it!
I love this overcast in Austin!
Fall is here!
I love October!
what is Rugby League?
Dont think they play that anywhere else in the world!
Please note that on Monday, April 16, 2012, Dancing Wings Butterfly Garden will open at 1 p.m.
Existentialism means that no one else can take a bath for you.
Delmore Schwartz
Do you really do a weekly family photo shoot?
We do every Sunday  love seeing who we're with  where we are every Sunday!
Just bought my tickets to Houston in April, along with a ton of carbon offsets to make up for it.
And now Unskinny Bop is in my head.
Thanks for that.
Don't worry.They're really quite loveable...until the teenage years.
Those horns?
They grow back.
;
Heading to the Sau club meeting
Congrats on your graduation!
You're awesome!
you're special in that Special Olympics kind of way.
Lol
Bravo!
RT : The will be the most culturally and artistically infused says Mark Miles at 46 for XLVI murals event
Great weekend to get projects done around the house.
We are open Monday.
What kind of sick twisted human comes up with the idea behind the show 'the bachelor'?
just had the most fun that I've ever had, without taking off my clothes :D
I am still watching Grimm haha
thoughtsduringschool Stop singing.
You sound like a dying goat.
elegant, yet approachable; peppery with a cherry aroma and hints of chocolate, rounded out by a great balance of oak  tannins
What sports headline do you like more?
1.
Nuggets headed to playoffs OR 2.
Rockies start 92
Where there's a will, there is ALWAYS a way.
Join us at ALA2011!
Come to booth 2215 to receive a 20 discount throughout the conference.
See you in New Orleans!
Are you a startup nonprofessort that recruited 3 warm bodies for your board?
Oops!
You may want to rethink that.
Our promo for the San Diego Family Expo is airing on the Walrus 105.7 fm.
Listen and.
Let us know what you think!
good morning all are ASOME fans
oh yeah, Wheetabix is just what my gluten intolerance needs!
teamfollowback I really need more followers :D
My shoulders are screaming from that art project.
I knew they would be, but this is like percocet levels of pain.
Yikes.
Ouch.
I love Aaron Carter.
Good morning sunshine..
thank you for your warming rays today!
just place in sun  plug in.
Testing today, time to charge results to follow soon :
Anthony, thank you so much for the amazing shout out!
Have an amazing holiday weekend with your family!
LOL great conversation with
You stupid.
Snoop got his 6sec swolle on
Congratulations to for winning Global Health prize of 10,000, sponsored by , at gsec11 !!
I was at the light in jus happen to look over ..I took two pics..u live up the North east?
felipe's in seattle!
making it back in time for our show this thursday!
welcome jordan to the line up!
:D
The New York Lotterys Powerball jackpot is up to 184,000,000!
Im going to play today!
we should talk sometime
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee??
:
I need a feature.
What is going on in Orlando today?
read the book, then tweet about Game of Thrones
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put yourself first, u can't expect anyone else to.
Where has the day gone?!
Well...
If you still have a chance, stop in for some gorgeous flowers.
I bet we have just what you're looking for!
: Boy : I wanna be a superman, guess my name !
Girl: Ironman ?
Betman ?
Boy: Yourman.
Fueled by locally cultivated biomass, we can consume left over tree parts after higher value components have been taken as industry develops
I wish I was at the SI Swimsuit Launch party...
instead I am sitting in a lecture...
not fair.
ha have fun!
Word.
RT Respect for all Moms.
Anyone who chooses to love, respect and raise kids is a super hero.
Daddys too!
hey every day adds up!
Or so I tell myself.
Can anyone ever understand their sibling, especially when they are jealous of you?

RT : RT if you not at school .y u not at scoo
Gay, bi its all the same
quotefromcoworker to a customer on the phone It's not about the size of the boat, it's all about the motion in the ocean.
it feels so good to be in love 
At for a mtg.
Looking forward to some good networking!
It's never good when a piece of software doesn't just outscore you, but takes points away.
The Key to complete home safety is balance.
Well protected windows are great but if your doors do not lock what good are the windows?
HEY!!!
I remember you!
Working on Gossip Girl today.
you're the sweetest Jorge.
: that like made my day.
3 the but part kinda ruins it though ..
We are only 5 followers away!
Keep it up with the support guys!
Thank you :
I know, I think I'll be digging out my summer clothes for the rest of the week.
Be just, and fear not.
Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's and truth's.
William Shakespeare 
Good Night twitter!
at least it wasn't the block button, lol
the sight/sound of me trying to sing harmonies along with great songs has got to be the silliest looking thing ever.
who's in that pic
hey stranger how yu been
PLEASE FOLLOW 
we are taking our kids today
Im gonna kill this fucking cat
cause if you're cool then you know lol
yeah lets!
How about Thursday?
Well ima eat a banana first then GYM!!!!
Tuesday is no good for me.
I have a screening on Monday so it would have to be after that.
Wednesday is good for me.
hit me up if you want to come.
people are gonna be rigid
cuz i usually only have time to hop on and run one
Good morning peoples.
Having a war with my bed to get out of it.
Good work!!
Well, the intention was cigarettes but who knows!
lol He is a smoker...
whatever would happen, it would be entertaining
I needed this.
so random!
I'm grateful, thanks.
RT : Follow Goodzuma Fellows and to see the great things they are doing for United Way and...
Hello!
So great meeting you last night!
hope we can chat again at the next event!
Nuggets Corey Brewer has a career playoff high with 18 points in only 12 minutes.
Nuggets blowing out the Lakers 10173.
easy on the Pepsi Fuller
No its not.
a squiggly line added me on facebook
49 followers away from 100!
follow and ill give shout outs to all of you!sorry caouldnt follow my latest followers.
my fone sucks
okay, but the other one came out blurry so I deleted it, we'll take a better one tomorrow!
need to cook a pescatarian dish tonight what do we make?
LOL RT : Please excuse me while I rip my hair out piece by piece.
Dear , really?
your damn thought u almost got to 1st grade on that 1 ;
meeting to plan for Audio April.
Look out!
LOVED CHRIS BROWNS PERFORMANCE LAST NIGHT
Our Tanit Phoenix is busy filming Safe House with Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds in South Africa right now.
Great script!
Good morning LA.
Let the day begin!
thanks I'm a proud momma.
:
YOLO hashtag only appropriate when used ironically.
Do not be bothered by either, just be human and all will take care of itself
Thanks for the RT!
11 tonight...
got Lebron'd in Miami but Duncan  those Spurs took care of them Clippers...
Ok then y'all got the same team plus him
I don't hate you.
If you were on fire and I had water, I'd doctornk it.
Make your own lane :
Blog page is sick my friend!!
Reading, making plans and enjoying the incoming storm while having a latte 3
It's cold here in NYC I can't wait till them dirty birds get here and put some southern heat on these Lil giants
Everything said on the internet is true...
Ok no seriously, like 99 of the internet is lies XD
Good day my twitter fam
we do at our Aurora campus at 7 PM.
The COS campus is brand new, but will very soon!
Live Free or Die.
that's not word on the street..
Ahh how I missed the disgusting musk of the plex he'sback
Its strange how my phone hasn't died yet lol
thanks for the follow sir!
: A simple Bye can make us cry, a simple Joke can make us laugh and a simple Care can make us fall in love.
Your brain was just saving you from the fact that Billy Joel is the worst.
Volunteer with our pals at a collectivelyowned and operated radical and progressive bookstore?
Apply today !
excuse me.
Where the frick is the rainbow?
Good fortune comes to those who least expect it.
Bored as shit....
FF Fashionista Friday..
So happy and graham were given the rose.
Can't stand Kasey or Vienna.
bachelorpad Can't who wins it all?!
woohoo : it doesn't hurt at all!
party weekend coming up :D
really?
Our school's lead science teacher just told me they required passive voice for science fair.
PR stunts are supposed to promote themselves, no?
Happy getting over the hump day!!
Cannot believe thanksgiving is next week!
Someone love me.
Omg.
titanic will always be my all time fave...
and it leaves me choked up every time goddamn.
Aw, what a cute little guy.
How many offensive rebounds can Denver get?
Which do you prefer, eReaders or actual books?
Speak up!
We'll have a nice grp there : who all is going to the game on Saturday?
Want to tailgate around 1?
Yep, and Republicans would be patting themselves on the back.
Alls fair, right?
Fac.
Dev.
Session incentives  fac didn't know they would get anything for BL redesign; got tools   some 
Good convo, great kisser and just a nice guy.
I'd like to get to know him more :
I'll be waiting ;
y'all still lost
Time for
Next stop...Nae birth certificate
I think my mama waits intentionally for me to come out my room JUST to make me run and do stuff.!
The Nerve of Grown People.!
s/o to my new follower now can I get a s/o lilmama
A hundoctord million castaways looking for a home
Really craving linguini for dinner tonight but we don't have any gravy : wah
stuck in traffic at 1230 at night on 95?
what the deuce?!
All I can taste is hot sauce and tequila!
And I only liked the hot sauce.
Quote from
nope.
It doesn't link.
Pinterest is still beta, so im guessing the API isn't out yet.
It's pin board that works w ifttt.
Who will win tonight?
Juliet?
Chris?
Tony?
or Jermaine?
Let us know who you think will win!
if I change my avi to a slutty bitch can we DM?
Just don't be surprised if she's only into anal.
Done with the gym.
Shoulders with a few dead lifts thrown in for variety.
Nice post, Clare!
I did
the more we hear the better the chances but it is a long process  must go through the curator, director, board  committees
i think that's weird.
our fat asses sit online all day telling people they're holiday is on the wrong day...
lol
: End of 3rd: Heat 90, Pacers 58 way to keep it close Pacers
Hey!
I just now saw your message ...
just got back from Germany last weekend, work was nuts.
Send me your contact info.
JD
I just followed her/them hehehe god bless n take care
When are you going to make it happen?
Yeeeee!!!
Kaskade?????
The suspense is killing me
thx for the follow, did you also follow we'll be launching our Cloud Application Platform in April, like ur site
I took my allergy pill last night and I've had terrible allergies ever since  fuck this shit.
can I get a follow back pretty please:
n who is that?
A lot of buzz on The Hunger Games.
Let us know if it's worth it.
Ready for some Camping!
Sweet!
Can't wait until it comes out!
First thought while watching that video: I could beat up every member of that band
Congrats Aztecs on your fantastic regular seasons.
Now let's make some noise in the Big Dance!
Your kisses hold me hostage, and i don't wanna stop it.
Cause i only wanna give it to you
Jane is so sneaky just just made a room full of people hold hands...
look so delicious n im hungry as hell n this fuckin room with these clowns
The three most read words in the world: I Love You NO!
Its: Made in China.
Thank you to all who are following me :  I really appreciate it
Going to see at tonight in Harvard Square.
Olly olly oxen free, Boston friends!
It's going to be
Too early to start pregaming???
RT: BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the doctorma.
switching 2 CartoonNet 2 watch KingOTHill
That was funny.
Apparently said I don't tweet enough, follow him to get invites to his next wine and cheese party
evan seinfeld is a tool.
He's super creepy, and biohazard sucked.
Wow NYC really Don't Sleep!!
Went to The Source.
Annoyed by selection.
Went to BN.
Annoyed by selection.
Pretty sure it's me, not them.
Somehow managed to buy 3 books.
Or light bulbs.
RT : Sometimes, when I say I'm okay, I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight  say, I know you're not.
Wtf is up
Always keep your grass cut.
It allows you to see the snakes lurking around...waiting to strike
Hey , you up for scooping me and mine up from ord at 5:37pm?
Ual flight 884
How did you do that prince?
:
RT Good idea!
RT : Put your twitter handle on your name tag at any conference you go to!!!
Email us info to post  ck website contact page 4 email RT : Upcoming Young  Powerful for Obama fundoctorising Oct 12th
congrats my brother!
I do worry about 95.7 reception in Sactown.
Can you add some wattage?
Love always!
Awake too early today.
Will make for a long day, but that's okay.
ACDA Wiki, get ready for some workin'!
before him was Pancho and Chris is now called CJ and lives Seattle.
How could you?
:'o
Disappointment is a act of expecting a thing but getting another to be free from any chance of disappointments,pray God's will over your day
Ha, what's the opposite of StreetCred?
Not that he had any in the first place.
It wasn't a transcription error!
Real live bird!
I don't think the hard or easy test should be removed, keep them all.
I was agreeing that it was easy.
You are sounding more and more Republican every day!
Did doctorK rub off on you?
;
RT : I think Bachmann is just saying 2.4 trillion blank check to annoy people who know how checks work.
You nerds lied to me.
The moon looks exactly the same.
I got my hopes up for nothing.
Getting first shipment of Eades ready for Manhattan!
Thanks for RTs, Charity!
no problem love.
I'll let you know when I find out for sure.
: x
That Senator should check his facts Marijauna  opioids r way different.
Can't OD on Marijauna!
That's a fact.
Opioids can kill u 1st time!
adopted kid,can't wait to see ur 6.7 ft out either.enjoy college dude
Great pic!
You should invite him to our Dog Days of Summer event this Sunday at the
It appears to me that technology and politics are just now starting to get interesting.
1984esque activity en vogue.
rochmn Awesome job RSO musicians at your Apache Mall performance today!
Electrifying and thrilling.
The community loved it!
Lmfao : Bitches with tatted eyebrows deserve an IncredibleHulkSlap
I was hungry in church lol.
About to get some to eat and doctornk!
Love them  Enjoy the Show!
Tell them to make it up to Milwaukee!
so no IOA?
seriously????
iam being serious....
It's unbelievable how many space shuttles I end up illustrating for work.
The most ridiculous of all vehicles.
WoodsieGirl: Feeling guilty about lack of progress on issdiss09, spending last week at sla2009 and starting a new job on Monday hasn't ...
R.I.P Robert Schimmel and peace to his family.
He always made me smile!
we'll send you a report on your own audience and let you see for yourself.
'When I was growing up...' is a funny phrase.
When is a person not growing up?
:
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job.
I think everyone knew Kim kardasian was getting married for the money.
Too bad kris didn't know.
how are you beautiful?:
LOL!
Tifanny is so cute when she has stage fright!
P.S.Should sung it.
:P
RT : I think the Cubbies may win the World Series before an Obama budget is passed GoCubs!
that's funny.
i keep telling the kids i'm gonna stop feeding them.
FLY KIDS FLY!
Man I cant figure out to to eat: Thanks to my sister for piss poor shopping.
Dont worry,, at work im eat everything up
Be there soon RT : Checking out the campus of LSU.
Gonna see a baseball game.
wish you were here buddy!
only now that the delightful bar Cheerz is gone.
Haha.
I kid.
I kid.
I only had one doctornk!
you beautiful  gorgeous  an amazing person , don't doubt yourself
My brother Got a Gf , my ass sitting here Single
Happy Birthday!!
Be Happy
Are you a LawStudent or Lawprofessorssor?
We'd love to connect with you.
oh hey 3
It would be nice to get an invite.
I am interested in how Google works It is worth a try.
School fundoctorising has certainly changed; the actual doortodoor schlepping of catalogs is mostly gone...
there are some good tutorials on You Tube.
I'm not good at them either.
:
dear god, how else do you it then?!?
competitive nature CJ miles
Chargers fans should be excited about this prospect.
Sport Science: Melvin Ingram: via
That was strong throw and save Nova's day.
It's too late for you and your white horse to come around.
that's not a good feeling to have
: Just told a lady that she had chalk on the seat of her pants.
Good deed of March done // Chalk dust is how I accessorize.
One of my FB friends has a friend who is a lash tech.
Yeah.
They work on eye lashes or something.
Cinnamon toast for the first time in years o baaaabbbbby YUM
If you pass me up and I have a wiener in my mouth don't honk
That Thursday night game was fun but what's Football Sunday without a game?
Watching AJ Green, he's great but no Megatron
Tattoo view 2
Well, that's one way to get around that pesky apostrophe!
:
logical.
I like it.
New hardwood floors can be a budget friendly addition to your remodel.
Contact Select Floors today for your free inhome estimate!
Zippity
We're workin' for the weekend!
Come have a taste Saturday Rock The Block in Bedford Sq.
Sunday at !
1 more exam for the day
29'ers are my bikes with bigger wheels than most.
29  hip, cool, etc
Steer clear.
These puppies are Evil.
lol thats funny.
I hit one last week that still has me shaking.
CMS aha moment when they realized that MarkLogic can handle both structured and unstructured data.
: just talked too chris.
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits
Commerce will change more in the next 2 years than it has previously in our lifetime via
I love talking to him and I love him talking to me.
He makes every day seem a little better and puts a smile on my face, instantly.
ThingsThatMakeMeLOL when someone poots during an awkward silence in class
Where are your most valuable reviews?
Third party is wider.
Search sites get traffic  rank directly.
Thinks my best friend should come home now.
Me and have had too much time apart from you!
yeah, that's not an easy thing to do.
If I had that mastered, I'd probably be one of the wealthiest people on the planet!
My man MCA has a beard like a billy goat, ooh ooh
True story, lol.
I would.
But I don't have ur number
lmfao I just did that two.
but something else....
it was weird.....
Ya blink when you breathe and you breathe when you lie.
You blink when you lie.
DOWNTOWN DALLAS IS SOO BEAUTIFUL
heidy last time i checked your number was not on my fone..
Well naw it wont happen foo'
Makes me sad seeing couples together : I miss
Rachel, you don't stop.
Every day you seem to be in a different city.
And FYI, you're by far the cutest woman on espn.
Damn im tired
i like how you can keep on tweeting and act like i aint mention you !
They are yummy.
Got mine from
Okaay , Your Telling Me This Because .
.?????
Wow orioles win again.
Magic?
says the guy that got slept...how does it feel to be demoted to little brother?
All I gota say is a throwback!
I like what you did to swagger nice beat I sent you too!
I got more heat I'm bout to send!
You're welcome!
I am lovin the Movie Thinner!
I am grateful for everything, I stay in an attitude of gratitude.
They said she was the ace!
Yes so good RT : Have you had Dogfish Head Punkin beer?
Its one of my boyfriends favorite fall beers!
follow me back?:
I'm fine thank u!
I hope u r doing well too : Kisses to u ..
Love u so much !!
Do you think we'll be in love forever ?
Just when u thought DC cabs couldn't be any worse, their fare hike went into effect this wk: 1.50 to 2.16/mi.
Washington is broken y'all!
we need to plan a spa weekend somewhere fabulous this August to celebrate our 2 yr anniversary.
Tahoe in honor of ?
sorry i missed you when i was there!
next time?
Last workout with Patty before Punta Cana...
Do you know anyone pregnant looking to take maternity/family pictures?
Send them our way.
We pay for referrals so make some  off them.
but is it seasoned properly?!
Remembering the joys of Hypercolor shirts on Zack Morris Cell Phone: www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com
Still working on RealGangster.com and I wondering if anyone wants to appear on teh site as a feature article?
Thanks in advance.
Season 2 of SAXAppeal starting soon!
lol gonna text both numbers Idk which is which...
Just Ask Me The Damn Question..
It's Already Obvious What You Tryna Say.
and I are going to develop the digital portfolios idea to bring to GFS.
Can you help us make it happen ?
im at penn station im eatin with u shortly dont get mad
Hilarious watchin kids playin bball at the jc tryin to take it to the rim on
Getting a headache
She is pretty in person but was expecting her to wear something more whimsical
i would be so HAPPY :D :ILYShawty3
yeah it was.
I have not heard of altitude, although, I'm a little over my situational horror movie lust
Got my highest bowling score ever in Luxembourg...that's something right???
New release is available.
No version change, but some updated examples are included with the zip.
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house.
Shoutout to for her Bday!
Huge music scene support, overall awesome person.
Stokes for next Sat!
as we also noticed by the a lane wide bank doctorve throughs.....
: Barbers should only use clippers on women, then.
As a barber this is crazy!
More and more women come in these days too!
Ugg
welcome aboard!
I wish that would be awesome :
Thanks for the invite.
Will come if I can.
All the best!
if she is currently researching/ writing, and what is the topic?
Sitting next to Manny Acta at the game.
He's rockin a mean fedora!
Add to your amazing list the word theremin which will get you a follow from a theremin superstore.
About to shoot some hoops with my boy
Indeed she is.
It makes me crazy that she made it through.
Hopefully this will be the end of it.
yah man ill check it out fer sher did you check mine too?
I hit you with a follow so hit me back with one :
That's right.
We turned the heat on.
Everybody Follow : he is the next big thing!!!!!
White beater with the denim
Has any1 ever told u something  u can hear that thought or phrase verbatim frm some1 elses mouth?
Y r people so easily influenced by tards?
Oh..
I didn't know he died..
already..
:/ I'm really sorry to hear that.
: and yet, this post amuses me a lot, lol..
Was anyone else feeling that it was a slow day of interesting things on the internet?
happy b day 2 Ur dad and to u in 5 days lop
if you have time, pop into Magic Morning Bakery on 16th street and buy a smileyface cookie
Perfect Saturday night for a casual gig with a rocking blues band at a dark pub.
Too bad I don't have one!
NowPlaying Here to Stay by Love!
3
Im A Zoe.
Don't cry over the past, it's gone.
Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived.
Live in the present and make it beautiful.
pussy does not run everything...i run pussy...lol
You can always become the person you would have liked to be.
When my twitter app doesn't work 
Hey nicki!!
You're amazing : ILY
Canseco fouls out, but Phillips scores.
Higuera a bit wild, walks 3 in the inning and is lucky to escape with 1 run.
43 Brewers.
Going to try leaving Twitter open on my desktop at work today on the off chance I'll remember to update it.
Don't restrict yourself.
Lots of people limit themselves to what they think they could do.
You could go as far as your brain lets you.
Okies I shall wait for you.
3
UWCU website down?
Slightly disconcerting...
I'm always amused by 's One of these people looked at your professorle...
we won't say who, but you can probably guess..
best softball team ever!!!
LOL your supost to but myy mom speakes it keely i dont know y she just didnt spell it like that in stead ok kealy
My daughter can tell I've been doctorving my car by the circle of sweat in the middle of my back.
Posting to Twitter a message of ambiguous meaning.
My wife and I will be at 2 shows at Hilarities in Cleveland...its our 21st wedding anniversary that weekend...we both love you!
setup go ok?
Sounds good.
Let's aim at that goal.
Shut up Megan don't say all that to her!
I know I heard it also!
the hannah montana movie is on yussssssssssssssssssss
Why Scarlett Johansson Is So Sexy?
Damn It I Wanna Fck Her!
Ryan Reynolds What Happened??
YouKnowYouGotSomebodyMadWhen they ignore your phone calls.
Lights in this gym keep turning off
Watching The Stepfather!
What do you think about the movie?
Have you already seen it?
thanks man!
we hope to finish an album by the end of the year
And our Spring Special airs again at 11a locally on ...
Featuring Keith Wenning, Willie Snead, Jamil Smith.
collegeology amazing work.
You are loved.....therefore, go forth  love boldly.
can't believe you didn't wait for us and went to south location even though I told you only one I knew was north!
:
Merry Cruzmas!!
let's keep it up!
thanks for the follow back and God bless...
Yeah jackplotnick is super awesome!
U Already Kno I Need My Copy Brotha!!!

I'd literally look up to you.
I'm 5 XD
But WHAT are they?!
Dude, what's your Facebook link?
Let's stay in touch.
ALL Orioles related tweets today should include packtheyard.
See you tonight at OPACY!
Doors open  6:30  LIVESTRONG, parking in Lot D  we're planning on heading out from here 66:15ish  see you there?
r u gonna join BTR at their tour?!?!
Girls Night out Amendment, woo hoo!!
I didn't know Peyton  Eli are brothers...
Did you?
Have another great weekend MKE!
O we take Trent/Alshon.
D we take Upshaw/Ingram  I'm happy.
If not we trade down to get Barron/OL late in 1st  picks.
Thoughts?
IDK if they're playing warped I meant ECL is playing the
Snow flurries in March?
Warm up with a cup of coffee from Zipsters get 1 off any large beverage
I can't DM you  you are not following me.
: Plz follow and I will send email addoctorsses.
Thx!
If it's happened before, what makes you honestly think it wouldn't happen again?
First things first.
Everything's coming up our noses!
You're beautiful, don't let anyone tell you you're not
: Made day 2 with 838k, should be a top 10 stack.
Return at 2pm pt.
Here we go!
good luck!
Berryessa Brew Co's Nightshade rye ale on tap at Dads Kitchen in Sac.
Um...I think I'm addicted to being on 9gag.
nogood lol
those damn hypocrites also tell kids not to doctornk!
Catch our last performance of the Diamond Eater  the Play Room Theater with a great cast, directed by Robert Kaflin.
birthday on tuesday tho ...
fck w.
me
Work it girl!
you weren't saying that about john wall last year.
Steinem: show me one thing that is not professorundly transformed by including everybody.
jersey, jersey, jersey.
how many points did you have Gage?
Lmao we would have done good if Logan didn't shoot the ball from halfcourt every damn time
ARE YOU HEARING THIS!?
BR leaked and is streaming on iTunes.
Where are you on this?!!?!?!
ha, you know it.
It's been that kind of Padoctor season too, makes you miss your Madoctor.
LOL
This is really bad lol.You really should try to sleep!
Going to sleep.
Steve Dahl may not be a fan of disco but you can bet he loves See him recommend Davanti on this Friday's new episode..
Britney Spears confirmed as a judged on the XFactor....NOW that's gonna be good!!!!
This little kid on the piano has some talent, won't even lie
Why am I still up...
thank you!!
eBay 
Interview...done!
Whew
Intimately revisiting financial year 2010, in which I would have saved a huge amount of money if I had been legally married.
Just sayin.
I Miss Neds Declassified School Survival Guide :
How to love?
Absolutely!
Shipping is the only thing to be a little different!
This weather in DC is really beautiful today.
I am really enjoying it...
why what did they ask you?
go to bed : The beers domestic, girl foreign.
What a great Sunday Morning!
Please go to kickstarter and look at my book project please my twitter and Fb family I need ur support to get it publish
Unique turned it on Glee tonight....
just killed it at Chuggin Monkey
Guess they didn't have Will  Grace in North Carolina.
Vegas!!!!
RT : My hubby  i are trying to decide if we should go to Vegas or LA for my bday.
Decisions, decisions...
im in Chicago sadly.
But I did wanna go
I got a ticket last night for minor doctornk in public 
I used to be one of the others...until you taught me!
:
Is there really any reason to not go to Paris?
I can't for the life of me think of one...
Snap.
30 of the 50 seats have been snapped up already.
Every problem has a solution.
We are happy that we have a fan in the lobby :
Thanks for the follow!
I hate it when people read over my shoulder...annoying!
I don't give a shit about super 8
Wow, i'm sorry but the Harold  Kumar movies are actually badass haha
Damn you !!!
You best be bringing me Raider's tears.
Hanging with the McNally Smith peoples tonight at SXSW...love Minneapolis.
Theres so many things I want to yell at you right now but Im keeping my mouth shut
My first beer pressure was reading Cannery Row for that graduate Steinbeck class I took.
Good things come to those who Dub.
Getting started on our tour of Canada.
First stop, Festival Couleurs du Monde in Quebec!
Stay tuned for updates...
How am I suppose to take a nap when ps I love you is on!!!!
how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks!
Lemme know!
You guys come play in Nashville !!!
I'm assuming they decided to end early this semester because of finals, but I don't know
Holding back on MOST of my words.
Idont want to be in trouble tonight
My totem is the roadoctornner.
Saw one early this morning.
Of course, it made for an awesome day in Taos.
Hey BO!
: did u get the picson my way now I had fell asleep
: I just liked the faith versus sausage conundoctorm that really could only happen in Milwaukee.true that
im tellin you man.
i goto starbucks every morning myself.
they know me.
its a doctorg.
a good doctorg so its all good
I haven't gotten up earlier than 7 in like a week
yeaah!: would have liked to have seen more of Rizzle Kicks though!
Interview at Mot but didn't get it.
Frustrated with Engineering!
invisible touch?
Tip of the hat to tonight heck of a game!
Played hard to the last buzzer that's all we ask..this kid is a joy to watch!
Did you know...the AF provided more than 400 million in research grants to more than 2,200 researches since its inception in 1948
Take a walk or a run, it's good for the heart  the buns ;
Are any of you going to Bonaroo this summer?
Have you seen the lineup yet?
It's out, ya know!
And, I must say it is quite impressive LA
Hope you're sleeping tight.
When you wake up, please check out our prayer app  birdofprayer.org thanks
3WordsOfAdvice Hit the Ball
it was against UTEP, shouldn't there be an asterisk or something?
I love that Tim Brewster is the sideline reporter for
lmfao that wasn't aimed towards you!
Some freshman was doctorssed like she belonged in alaska
Craving a cookie after seeing how I met your mother
Enjoying webcamp2011 really relaxed and friendly group of professorssionals, and looking forward to sessions!
PRACTiCE WHAT YOU PREACH
So, I confronted her...
yes, ended up debating about abortion.
It was pretty civil  I think she was shocked some1 finally stood up 2 her.
We will never stop supporting.
Even when the world ends3
are you by chance midnight riding the marathon tonight?
Feeling a little scandy tonight, hm.
Bad decisions make THE best stories.
selfish people disgust me.
gotcha!
well why don't you donate everything?
:
Come on!
It will melt right away...
Bout to rock an effin sho!!!!
Found my center, given a reason to keep on movin!!!!
thursdaytip When abroad, act like a local.
Read up on the culture of your destination so you don't offend any of the locals :
Up too early for a Monday.
Boy meets world is where it's at:
DearWhitney When I was a teenager I saw an amazing woman conquer the world.
Who else can compare?
I will miss you.
Sherleen
You are very welcome.
Hope to add value to your day with my posts.
Warning.
I post about the hospitality industry...alot!
hm...may have to try...
working on eliminating
I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
unknown
i think all this studying is getting to you.
maybe you should go to bed now
aye what's good
Are you participating in your corporate culture or letting it happen?
I have to say that has the best use of the Facebook cover image ever.
i maintain my big ass so more people could kiss it.
I never thought one bad thing happens to fall into the most amazing thing that could ever be...
with who call me now
Why do consumers get so jazzed up about SuperBowl ads?
My opinion  quality.
RT : Live on the House floor Senator just called for the other House members to vote for the amended...
I need to get some friends!!!
:p
Really want to go to california in the summer time
Aubrey O'Day reminds me of Christina Aguilera...and not in a good way.
woohoo have fun and enjoy!!!
glad its over!
A distraction for the titans who still have important FA work to do.
by this time tomorrow, Mark Zuckerberg will be worth 7 times more than Oprah.

RESIDENTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today.....
Thanks, Todd!
RT : I gave K about Interior Design on
Butt sex...
I like that shit
just about ready for SportingKC to kick off against the Montreal
the only thing is her.
That's the only thing on his mind
The takeover on sponsored by Room101 Fort Wayne's ONLY young adult night club!
Hi Timothy, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
I am LIVING for and LOVING on the doctorgRace Reunion!
Never RuPaulogize for being you!
Have you visited our booth at SHRM11 yet?
Stop by to find out why we are your opportunity university!
of course...we will be open as long as we need to be...but at least until 3 am
Who needs antidepressant's when you have Bob Marley.
Thanks doctorpbox Gang!
you always feel like your pissing everyone off when your that kid
Jk I don't litter
RT : Lindbergh's flight from San Diego to NY was in prep for historic solo transatlantic flight to Paris.
He departs May 20,...
Too funny and the kids made it funnier!
Save money by lowering your postal rates.
Please call us at 8993104 for information on how you can get started today.
leaving the Sewage Treatment State and headin' off to the Hoosier State for the week!
This sucks...
Hey Lisa, this is my 'official' twitter account.
Great working with you tonight!
should be on a Pepsi commercial....
Still using a handbook from the 90s?
Don't neglect your company's documents; ScribeModerne will bring them into the 21st century!
Don't follow me.
Follow this for me .
I'm the one following for her.
: enjoying this first day!
pdxdms Cool.
It gets harder!
:
enjoying your new bling?
yea I left in the middle of her openin them
...the very best one yet!
my athomepeeps tell me i say that every year, but every year its true!
What can we say, we have a floor made of mattress!
thanks NOLA for supporting my music!
Opening set by DJ ES of AZ PartyLife and AZ's 1 DJ J.ALAN rocking the decks THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale .
when someone just won't take a hint.
Wishing during winter Hank felt as lazy as I do.
Headed to dog park to tire this punk out!
yeah actually do something related to exercise
incaseyoudidntknow, I'll never tell you what's wrong.
NowPlaying Lykke Li  I'm Good, I'm Gone  Black Kids Remix : and it just started snowing outside : 3
Kim Kardashian being banned from television.
I think he's gonna ask u out
Get a account, you'll love it!
But beware...it's very addictive!
:
I miss your kisses.
REALLY?
That IS bizarre.
OH MY GOD.
GREATEST.
EVER.
i had my UA cd in my radio and tell me why 4 letter word was playing!?:
RT Miss Fairfaxs compliments and thanks, but is quite un equal to any exercise
False.
UMass could have kept up.
Haha, just kidding
Ravens welcome by 20,000 plus fans for practice today.
Join me for some Maryland crab cakes and steamed crabs, cole slaw, and ice cold .....
If anyone in Atlanta needs any tree removal or prunning please give me a call thanks, Jeff Beeler Trees 7703104650
Happy Monday!!
Hope you have a fantastic week!!
:
Can't have an amplifier without a permit.
: S/O to the new followers and !!!
coolest people you'll ever meet!
so y'all came to the gym to take pictures of you and your fat friend working out huh
go see it!
it was superfun, welldone, and lots of fun horror movie references.
happy birthday!!
I applaud that decision on a personal level, but as televised entertainment, it's great fun.
Glad you liked it.
Haha, I've had a few people send me that.
I must be pretty predictable, LOL!
Now I just need someone to MAKE them for me!
:
Hello Tweethearts!
Starting at 9am, text SWEET to 55800 for a FREE Gift!
Yes Sir Im about to be stooopid fresh!!
i just another buy 1 get 1 free deal in my email that means so more Bobby Fresh
Now watching video girls
BTW you can also reach me at MatthewDNYC,com
Some people get wake up calls and fall right back to sleep.
TribeFest begins and is so excited to be here!!
Thundersticks galore!!!!
I wish you were in the show
who i am.
hubby excepts it cuz hes a man.
yalls video is totally kickin!
i added it as a fav..
where yall from
it's a great town!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe To Take Life For What Its Worth!
yeaahhh, some people call it runyon.
i call it walkyon.
uhm...
my theatre teacher just caught me and told me to get off of twitter.
BYE GUYS I LOVE JEWWW 3 3
I just did like 20 assignments for english ugh
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: Look Wide
an ik u always will!
Ur my bffl.
Lol im sure u could have figured that out tho.
Team Focused on myself.
A great big salute to !!!!!
ExtremeRules WWE YOU DID IT!!
:
N ur Inspirational Words  Deeds  To All Fam  Keep Pushin' Hard!
U can as long as u Keep HIM w/ U LLP M
Necklaces possible choices charms including companiesBridal charms for necklaces
since you gave up fb for lent.
Ridiculous rightgrab contracts equate to few reviews.
Hopefully soon to be none at all.
Except for the newbie that will sign them.
you already know!
Friends/Family discount!
We going to stay at the The Havens Penthouse!
Whenever someone says so it seems I briefly think they're making a tailoring joke.
Starting my rainy day with a veggie juice and a ballet barre class.
I'm feeling so good about this!
The kid and I totally just Lady and the Tramped some spaghetti.
Two rules for success in poker: 1 Never tell everything you know.
2
On our way to columbous and my aunt gets pulled over for being to close to the vehicle in front of her
GM I LOVE UR PART N 5 O'CLOCK N MY FAVORITE SONG OF URS IS THE RACE
Won't happen
GOOD MORNING :D
my mom hasnt replied but my dad said he should be able to give me a ride over later
If the Final Four is Prom then the NIT is.....
Sadie Hawkins???
Whatever, we're still dancing
I'm still a fan of the Halal Halal marketing angle
That morning Grind!!!
Who going to RIO
I need a personal trainer
coo ill just send u an edit of what u post soexcited u can consider it :D
love everybody, make up your mind, wake up and FIGHT.
Hello, Good Morning
Have you been back to NY recently?
I may or may not have tweeted that because of your cool picture...
Haha I just might!
My dad is a fucking dick!I don't even live with the dude  gets mad cause I'm not home.
My mom should be the one tripping.
they are what u make'em, I've had tons lol, I move to much
Love your style...
ya he is very tall and white
Sometimes God closes a door even when we're walking in obedience, but it's only because He has something better in store.
Thankful for that core group of God fearing women that have pulled me threw the storm.
godisgood I'mblessed
Happy Birthday, Lynn!
Hmm, who would have thunk that Canada was still a UK commonwealth?
I did, of course...
but did you?!
So I'm waiting for shit to print so I can do my project for gym.
The status window says Spooling LPR job, 12 wtf does that mean?
I heard that your gluteus maximus is such a huge muscle group that if u get that toned your metabolism will increase
Was wondering that as well RT : Does Baylor Nation really exist?
RT What does baylornation want me to do?
saw the new wing last night, Wow!
If you're near Gainesville I highly recommend a visit.
At a bar, huh?
Celebrating, or consoling yourself?
:P Celebrate!
I bought your EP today!
:
how are you today Danielle!?
Is Liam coming home?
You have to be so excited!
3
filming some news segments, recording sessions and running around like a crazy person.
It should be a fun little Tuesday.
Stick tight for a bunch of cool shit from us soon.
:
THANKS!
I miss you!
St.
Paul PD: Man shot on I35E Southbound this morning.
Now at Regions Hospital.
do you mean otter box?
Lol
There's no halfsinging in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva.
American politics sucks, so if you aren't working to improve it, could you be stuck in one of the five stages of grief?
Denial perhaps?
GhettoCrayolaColors cant afford blinds sunshine yellow
I want to ask you, as clearly as I can, to bear with patience all that is unresolved in your heart...
I have a terrific day 1 kindergarten assessment.
I watch to see which can identify their own name tags
Happy National Volunteer Appreciation Week!
We are so grateful for all of our volunteers!
Any of my tweeps ever write a book and have it published?
My brother: Doughty had really good form on that tackle.
HAHA!
Time to go get something delicious to eat...I'm thinking Olive Garden should do the trick!!!
that movie is wonderful!
I love the part where Lucy gets all the jam.
Beyond exhausting day.
Off to doctoram land...
Just signed up to be a part of the new Monterey Bay CSF community supported fishery I'm so excited!
way to go!
Nice run  can't wait to see race day!
RT : TwoThingsIWant the end of pain and suffering for all sentient beings.

stop eating
sectional to night at 7:45, see ya then :
Very compelling question in this morning's training: How do you want this to end?.
Think about your legacy.
What mark will you make?
Dueling pianos!
Gibliano Brothers
I could clean the house, cook a meal, weed the garden and mow the lawn, and STILL not be as tired as I am from doing copy edits all day!
I cannot stop smiling.
Real quick before I hit the sack uhh...
Oh my gosh I was shocked and my fiancee thought it was hilarous!
Face down 
'Nite Tony!
Great Chats!
RT : Alrighty well has some work to do.
It was great joining you all today!
Thanks Dianna!
So glad we are making actors feel betterthat's what it's all about!
Thanks for the support.
It's gone.
Idk how I always misplace my retainers...
It's not like I leave the house with them
RT : RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
I love the post yoga love feeling.
It makes me feel cuddly inside.
Two pitiful passes to start the game by Teague.
Tebow has made better
Hey, Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
personally, I thought the commerce clause would have covered this.
but many constitutional analyst at the trial..
My red almost gone 
Workin like a gerkin.
Too early.
That announcement happened 10 minutes after switcing my flight from SXSW to Monday afternoon.
Epic fail if there ever was one.
oh wow!
So sorry to hear.
Ah good old Budweiser.
Did you know you can use your HSA card for services at our spa?
Spot on!.
RT Part of the problem is that we dont communicate what good performance looks like
Yay!!!
Auditions and Callbacks!
I love it!!
Join us for trivia with DJ Joanie B.
tonight at 9:30pm.
Find out if you're smarter than the average doctornker
Pulling out a pack of gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab centre.
New cinemapocalypse will debut tonight.
We review Lockout, , and 3Stooges.
Listen and share.
this is my uncle Hi uncle Peter :D
Homework sucks
It upsets me to see some kids squander the opportunity to receive an education that so many of our people fought for.
Why don't you hop off their dick already
yes I know
Im starving!!
I'm not a complete idiot  Some parts are just missing
I want to crash RT 12 days until NYC and seeing with for the blog...Not to mention
prepare for a picture with a captainon that says, HEY BABY, HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ONE THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS?!
Thanks!
What do you do?
What about Utah?
Sent you a bunch of records a couple of weeks ago.
The return giftage is incredibly gracious.
My heart is soaring!
Zoinks!
WOW XO
I'm Too BLESSED To Be
Hey everyone.
Please check out this great band we saw em in concerent and they r amazing!
they opened for jb on his american tour!
sup?
CoBE has been talking about goals, need more ideas guys like you
Eep  my bad; fixed!
Thanks!
a lil bit.
I coughed up a lot.
Yuck!!
throat is still sore but I'm doctornking tea w honey.
I wish I was off  NOT sick.
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Ha!
Yeah, Emily Frye did that today.
I was like Lol, come at me bitch.
Ready, Steady, Go is the best theme song of all time.
It feels like a party in my soul.
I'm not big on FF, but check out and her companion blog.
She's a good friend of mine, an amazing writer, and oh, brilliant.
took a much needed nap
Baseball players are tough, especially the Cardinals this season.
Still a Dodgers fan, but major respect to the
This Some Bullshit 
PSA: If you have an annoying ringtone/alert sound, either answer your damn phone or don't have the sound on at the office
I love you.
ugh I agree the closest Nando's is in Washington
tonight at 7!!
thanks for following!
Funny How time Flies is playing on the Quiet Storm as we celebrat jante Jackson's birthday today on WTLC
I love myself .
.
.watching True Grit for the millionth time!
Don't announce to Face book all your personal problems, then get upset when people comment on it.
Fans remember!
bodyofproof goingviral Part II on after dwts !
Who will survive?!
My whole life man is really music, through my bass line I'm living through it.
lmao good morning
Can't connect to the ttu web.
You only connect once.
rite!
Me too :D
I don't like the new Facebook professorle thingy either!
Its confusing and ugly!
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
Success  Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
I should have guessed that.
xD I didn't know I was following him already.
o.o
First up for Cit.
Com.
is Davey Trees rep.
arguing against AE awarding lineclearing contract to Asplundh.
Foredoomed to failure
That's awesome.
Glad you liked it : shoot me your email for a free track
Sounds good.
See you out there.
Thanks ;
Remember to vote this weekend if you haven't already!
40 now?
How the F do you give up 4 runs to that piece of crap team?
SMH
Impromptu Brewers game!
Loved seeing your name all over the Isthmus Dining.
Kept a copy handy for when we simply cannot decide where to eat.
:

Remember the Alamo !
was a rallying cry once upon a time, but Who remembers 'Nam ?
The doctorft ?
A condemned boomer generation ?
Muhammad
Well hopefully the remedies the magic potion center gave you will make you feel better!
official peanut butter of the ?.
maybe some day.
Dying my hair tonight  getting my nails done tomorrow.
eeeep!
:
R.I.P.
doctor Ferenc Szasz, historian, writer, teacher, and intellectual extraordinaire
you know how it goes down!
I noticed ;
don't get ahead of yourself.
You know better than that.
Respect your elders.
It's chillin' time :
Fuck.
Seriously, someone go hit Hosmer with a truck.
It's that kind of year.
I only say Flynn because Scrubs is my favorite show ever.
follow before she commits!2
thanks Ryan!
Hell yes i will!
happy bday Andy!!
American idol tonight: :
Tell All your friends to like our page.
We are doing another give away.
Our section at the Brewers game is like being in the heart of Dirty Stallis...
made my year!
No misterTrump, Don't make the hulk angry, you wouldn't like him when he's angry.
CelebApprentice hegave110
Morn'in IRIS!!!!

no when did they send it
It's Friday!
Who's been Spooning on the beta?
Let us know what you do this weekend by doctorpping a Spot on the map
Many women who think they have purchased a doctorss for a ridiculous price, have actually bought it for an absurd figure
Oh wait!
Apparently some people in this area did see aurora!
I thought it was only further west...
Had a good day...
coffee w misterman and then hung w my lorshi
demographics and polling show GOP on wrong side of trends for the two issues you mention.
If ur trusting Jesus,it's ALL working out for your good!
All of it!The good, the bad!Remember that!
God Bless!
: New job is in the works.
Excited for my future.
GrowingUp hellzyeah!
Excited for you!
Great customer service will help you sell beats online.
It's one of the core factors of any beat selling company, and many don't do it right
Even if they're the smelliest, ugliest, poorest person, there is still love
fat meat IS greasy.
: That's another to add to list.
Nice job on MSNBC.
Wow that's the worst judging I've ever seen!!
I think I've been hanging out with girls too much.
Sam, 12.
Join me Baby J  right now at O'Reilly Auto Parts  2400 Fredericksburg Rd to win 10 gift cards plus check out the great specials!
Sings off key...always N forever to ...u have no ideal how to count how many times the volume went low and ya videos played ..;
i had a conversation recently with about a wedding in Eureka Springs!
Sounds like my house!
Hope they get some sleep.
Then you do.
IT nine in the afternoon, and your eyes are the size of the moon
Late start due to Purdue game...head pn over to Britton now!!!
Come dance with us!!!
The beauty of SeeSaw is that it follows the hashtag so you were picked up even while you were doing other things.
I love this scene
I hate throwing bitch fits
Sounds scary.: Standing in the hall to charge phone.
Half people are friendly, half not.
Almost a sin to say hi.
coleg
Awesome response to Weekly tracking reports 50 opens!!...

Fabulous?
I agree at each glance I take at you.
Forgive me for staring but you're a jewel in the desert
MLB has nothing to do with the award.
It is the Baseball writers.
Let the appeal process finish then call him whatever you want.
On ESPN NFL doctorft coverage ...
Bill Polian looks like he could use a 5 hour energy doctornk.
See you in nine days America!
Off to Brazil for springbreak :
When my headphones go in, my life is automatically a music video.
No one knows!
It vanishes from the record after late 1916 or so.
Probably sold for scrap.
ROFL, If you want to be the one to say that on the tape, Be my guest.
Why is everyone changing their twitter name to yolo ?
Google maps car spotted heading North on 99 near Sac.
Finally got to see it in action.
SO glad you stopped by!
What did you get?
RT : Having some for the first time in so LONG!!!!
Finished tracks for Access Hollywood today now to sign contract and send them off thanks to my cowriters and to for the help!
oh my word  permission inheritance and OG and roles
I hate to say it but I'm the reason they put child protection on medicine bottles.
Note to self: check the label before operating machinery.
Lastly when you decide to do so, make sure you are 100 ready!
: good luck and congratulations
WHAT IN THE HOLY NAME OF ST RAMONA SINGER WAS HE THINKING?!
I will need a no spam contract, a notarized birth cert.
sample of what constitutes chat just kidding already do
RT Just reported a hazard on I 270 S, using Waze  doctorve Social
Two hands Punto.
Picking winners for the 5 Best Buy gift cards today from the HDMI cable survey.
We have them here in Indiana at the Rural King, LOL!!!
Great morning, Lisa!
Give my childoctorn hugs  kisses for me.
Love you much.
is this really a good idea?
RT Attempting to do homemade sushi.
eat you like a mango
stores or games?
just got out the shower feeling fresh.
aha.
looking in the mirror Hello sexy.
lol
when is or was your spring break?
Thank you man  can't wait to share it!
Call me
Free parking in the Smart Park tonight if you enter between 46 and leave by 8pm!
To celebrate, all nonred tag clothing is 15 today only!
God, her voice is so fucking annoying.
If Juliet Simms wins this competition, I'm gonna be pissed.
HappyValentinesDay hope u guys have a great day of love cuz i know i will!
3
NBC is canceling 30 Rock, Parks and Rec and Community?
Between Conan and this, they're going after the coveted 'nonexistent' demographic.
The beta test is now full.
Thanks to all that signed up to help out.
Yes, Pinterest here we come !
And then there's vintage Retrogurt, not for the faint of heart.
Um can I assume from what we were speaking of I should get an Underbust corset?
Congrats Dustin!
Awesome group.
: Honored to be reelected Chairman of the Miramar Ranch North Planning Committee tonight!
RT I use to mix instrumentals with acapellas when I was a youngin then I wanted to make beats cause I didn't have many ...
Richardson is actually playing tonight eh?
Who cuts their grass at 11 at night?
's car and the curb have a love hate relationship.
Mostly love doe
The account was loving brought to you by He may be available for hire for your conference too!
Thanks so much for the great review  interview!!
The Winning Ticket: Lisa Hannigan
Trying to learn more about Twitter
work it out, Will!
You're fightin' the good fight!
?Less sightings or less evidence in Canada?
Can't be the colder temps.
Cultus ChiChi is now on Twitter!
YAY!
: check us out www.cultuschichi.us
What2ChainzWouldSay had a bitch named Alexus fucked the bitch in a Lexus, 2 Chainz now 1 chain cause the bitch stole my necklace!!
Truuuuu
Currently missing 's rutabaga, green bean casserole, spiced carrots, mashed spuds, and special vegetarian chestnut stuffing.
Setting a goal is not the main thing.
It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan.
Tom Landoctor
One time for my homie, the crazy German chef from Fritz and Franz.
I'm Emily:
Going to the Avett Brothers concert tonight.
So excited!
I know, it's stupid.
my love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Note to self: when walking from car to pay for gas, don't assume cars will slow down.
To the woman who almost hit me this a.m., really?
I highly recommend pilates, been doing it for 5 years and i'm strong!
In other words, I'm giving them a ton of credit and think they've definitely earned what they've achieved.
Here now, but mtgs all weekend.
See what I can do.
Lunch/coffee on Mon might work.
Or bfast Tue before I head to SFO midmorning.
My phone says it cannot send text messages because it doesn't know my phone number.
I left cause I need someone who makes time for me
crashing or buying?
Last there hours been a freaking headache
Your link isn't working, so now all i want to do is see this video.
Ugh.
Isn't a Jihad the same thing as a Crusade?
Wonder why Christians stopped but Muslims continue...forever?
Yet again blazer tix up for grabs !!
I have a party to go to this time or I'd go some one make me an offer!!!!!!!!
Please
Our Dia de los Ninos event is in full swing!
If you're not here, well...
where are you?
You're missing out!
Googling secret island only for rich people yields unsatisfactory results.
I just wanted to wish my amazing cousin the happiest birthday3 Sweet 16!!!
Love you xoxo.
You are an amateur radio enthusiast?
Can you connect to the Internet and web with ham radios and a computer?
Girls who change their minds everyday, and lads are dicks?
Either something's goofy w/ this linkedin app or I've ignored some of these invites for over a year.
If the latter?
Apologies.
Big time.
What's happening, opera world?
Me too!
I'm a big BTTF fan.
My fav trilogy.
NSF Campus Bridging: CI needs to function from the local to international level as if it was all proximate to the scientist
get a Avalanche lol
Happy Fourth everyone!
Be safe!
thanks for the shoutout bro!
Damn!
My mom needs to learn to stay OUT of my business :
JapaneseAmericans seek news of quake back home
Why dont the Cubs use the internet?
Because they cant get 3 Ws in a row.
Heard rumors of customers ditching their dinner bills during Boston's blackout.
it's awesome!
thanks!
...
grade 7...
I've done skits in the past, wanted to try using flip cams and making a movie..
we'll see how it goes
German chocolate, english tea, french music, local beer hangover  let's write this paper already.
No..but I'll see ya at comiccon this summer!
RT: u going to attend wonder con?
Haha, that was good.
Going to a play with my little sister this better be good :
I do not exist to impress the world.
I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy ;D 
When people arent the same to u as before dont blame them for it, it just might be u..changes in ur behaviour triggering changes in theirs.
This couldn't be more true.
: Aries are just too much but all you could ever hope for.
Justin is our flawless idol.
can I get an amen;
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
if u go to the blog section  stratejoy.com u can read the explanation about unrealistic expectations  the stigma of the QLC
we always love talking about our beer.
Feel free to stop by sometime.
idk about that
that's patently false.
829 may restrict funds for bans.
PropA is not a ban and allows PLAs for state/fed .
Now off to work 
that looks like all ball.
DALatUTA Does such a thing as neutral court announcers exist?
I can watch The Philadelphia Story over and over again.
Love these classic romantic comedies!
Cabin fever ....
You don't think I can do it?
Sit back, relax and watch as I prove ALL you Mother Fuckers wrong :
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 3
Linda Taylor kindly said : I am glad that I am following your tweets.
You have amazing talent..AMAZING.
These Boneless Hot Wings tho : .
It's never too late to start over in your day lady.
Are you talking about Insanity or the dairy?
What about your girl Sarah?!
Did she leave you after she saw you flirting with white women....
suurrreee.
lol, anyway, what is ?
when do you use it?
Hey, did you live on campus in undergrad?
i just order this super cute Hello Kitty handbag OMGZ.
:
first hbu dude??
focuses us on the most important reason why climate change must be addoctorssed: Our Childoctorn!
Amen Michael!
Sorry to hear you can't make it today.
We'll be posting updates throughout the day so you can follow along.
Yeah, man!
RT : Miles Davis.
Always was, always will be.
RT Your favorite Jazz musician?
Flo Rida songs generally have a lifespan of 1.5 listens for me.
Then I need to never hear them again.
I'm 10 followers away from 400?
Yay for milestones!
But why did I feel so pretty pop into my head just now?
Kicking off day 1 of a 3 concert weekend with Horse Feathers Haven't seen them since the 2009 Newport Folk Festival.
Long story!
: I seriously don't even know why I call you my best friend anymore...
I never hear from you.
I feel this way about you..
U will never UNDERSTAND ME even if u OVERSTOOD ME!
Walker stepping up his activism and giving public comment!
VH1 Behind the Music  Pitbull???
Seriously???
Oh, I wanna read your book : I have a friend who's been through that   maybe she can help?
Salsa Classes today Dance Studio!
Beginner; Intermediate:15; Adv :30!
I thought it was just for wedding planning and apartment decorating...
but apparently the Met and other places are on there!
great idea!
yes mam.
Just do a quick research on them I'm sure more than just JeJu offers herbal peels
She's the gift that keeps on giving.
I love
Make sure you check out the MTV movie awards article at www.platinumposts.com
that's what you getting for being racist to Perrin!
LessonLearned!
I think we need to start cheerfusion so the gym can trend!!
: D
Hi Lady.
Aren't you proud of me.
Boss of UK39;s Sky News reprimanded over email hacking
MyCelebCrushIs BONO ROBIN WILLIAMS GERARD WAY JOHNNY DEPP JACK WHITE LINDSAY LOHAN WINONA RYDER BRADLEY COOPER HENNELORE ELSTER AARON BROOK
yeah but nellie n anson surprised me the most!
i was like daaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmnnnnnnn
Ewald Automotive Group is celebrating 48 years in Business serving SE Wisconsin this month!
Honored to be a part of the community we serve 
wait til next year...
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the Startup DC Student Career Expo today from 14pm at GWU's Marvin Center
i really didnt mean it that way.
runnin' n gunnin' best way to play.
Can't stand campers.
Back on MW2 I use to knife run and it was always extra fun.
that verge article has no valueadd, btw
Its been a busy few days!
Wherever you are in your day/night I hope your soul is smiling!
Live, laugh  love!
:.
Oh, I forgot now lol.
I think it had 2 do w/a old band u mentioned lol
music helps me escape from the reality I live in
Q: is it worth the time/effort to type up handwritten notes?
cafe's w/o wifi remind me of bookstorecafes in late 80s/early 90s the phoenix, in san jose on san pedoctor, calif.
street's printer's ink
NFL Commish Goodell says no threats issued.
Says Wilf family is frustrated but they want to keep Vikings here.
Feels good to be home
So bored in Global Economics
I know we are good friends and all, but if the ZOMBIES chase us I'm tripping you!
This thursday night at 12am we'll be at Mainstay Rock Bar in downtown CINCI!
I'm G
Thank you!
I had so much fun with them  I love complicated registration!
Need to find more cool circuit board designs to print.
:
Flight Deals from Alaska Airlines
picks up mic ok i have one more thing to say....r u listenin.....
Well...your life will be fundamentally changed when you meet Lucy.
It happens to everyone.
You can't say no to that face.
preparing for the music issue due out the first week in march.
make sure you follow us for some fun SXSW coverage.
i will remember that, thanks for the tip!
:
that's crazy!!
Why aren't students taking advantage of the scholarships out there??
Well I'm done trying.
Wish things was different.
Not looking forward to this.
What a great photo!
Dare we say...those look delicious.
But for lunch, to name just a few, we love , Wilko, and Boca!
Just chillin.
Listening to Nirvana with :3
Winning off you Thirsty m
Hang me out to doctor!
I go to my papaws house and I take a bite out of something then I walk to the living room then realize it was fish.
EWWW!
yah my knee is throbbing today...
thank goodness tonight's a chill night, lot of sitting  watching will occur :
Cleveland stand up.lol
: S/o to Jenna holcomb for calling me ugly in middle school she called me ugly too!
Keith, too!
yes of course!
and I loved the books.
I'm just saying, the thought of being excited to watch kids killing kids disgusts me.
I passed my Science professorciency!!!!!
Makes sense; and as we know, winning isn't everything.
She's got the look, she's polarizing  as a result, she gets eyeballs.
RT Hey girl  Please tell me you're considering writing a paper on that for a conference.
;
much more sensible, I have tshirts jeans and scissors right here!
There goes my bracket
Baby I don't like to say goodbye, so this is mine until next time 
And now it's two ER for Clay...
picks steelers, they are bound to lose now.
dentist ; volunteer work and shopping with tons of friends in San Francisco!
lol I'm here now
Why not mix work w/ pleasure?
How about a story on the San Diego/SoCal craft beer industry??
If only SOTU rhetoric could be realized.
Boehner's doctoropy dog face makes me cynical.
Metta!!
Stop booing my boy!
Lol
Rock, seriously?
There are better arms than Bruce's.
And Braun is not a good fielder.
Stop embarrassing yourself.
Summer sounds nice during the entire school year then you realize you're bird af at home.
We're sure everyone saw Adele's breathtaking performance on the Grammys last night  check out her Vogue Cover shoot.
Beautiful!...
When I really need something, I cover all of my basis and pray to God, Allah, Yaweh and Buddha
Be relevant by continuing to learn throughout your life.
What were you in Cuba for?
Also didn't know you were an F1 fan!
i think i watch jackass once a week haha
She just wants to be noticed.
nothing much, always working
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Our offices will be closed on Thursday  Friday this week, and we'll reopen on Monday of next week.
Tweeting at 5:34 a.m.
I am more than excited for this idea!!!
Email me and we can chat up details!
:D
hate when people borrow my shit and don't respect it....
2 shoots today!
Had an awesome fun day..time to relax:
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex I'm glad you came.
you got a happy hour running?
On our way!
can we come to the wedding?
lol : 
beautiful day today!
off to bed early before another great week.
: z...
Cool.
Thanks.
Hadn't seen this.
I'm loving all the geography talk thanks to KJ's new book.
Thank god its friday!
Just scratch and sniffed deodorant inn target while letting out a Kool Aid man ooohhh yeaaahhh
Looks like you are having a great day too.
Enjoy!
so cute!
Thanks for sharing!
lol no doubt
Very annoying tweets you see one thing and we like what you copy and post the tweet tweeted it !
:S
I'm sad there's no more dick on new years
rondoorcp3 already know who im saying CP3!
best pg in the nba
RTyou can ride a bike
hosted by nxt week price of fame 2 mixtape ft
yeah so absurd, they just throw it in our faces
I love you
Always an adventure on There appears to be a crime scene alongside the track today.
Just had dinner and a movie with my brother.
I love family time.
I must admit..I did do my own toe nail design and played it off like I got a professorssional manicure.
Hell, it was last minute!!
Delicious new things are cooking at FITzee this month try out our brand new SweetandSour Chicken or Veggie Udon noodles!
Thanks for the RT  comment!
Um.
The people you meet?
You did play the DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM?
card, right?
We have 25 different beer selections.
Lunch time kitchen open and patio has a nice breezie!!!
Appreciate it!
The pleasure will be ours!
some things u should just not post on a social media network..
just saying
I feel like I just went to sleep and it's already time to wake up...
Oh boy!
Early mornings come way to fast.
Boo!!
combination of automatic cuts and expiration of Bush tax cuts will solve deficit issues.
Doing nothing is the best solution!
no but as long as your hair clean idc.
Thx for the RT, Anthony.
Guys aren't always wrong, but we are misunderstood too often.
Bro you and can come through whenever bro.
After work this most likely where I am at.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You!: NeverSayNever xoxo Follow Me makeachange :D
i have come to a conclusion that i am deffinitely
MY MOM CALLED ME A POTATO TODAY.
I'm getting high just to fight the low.
Cause its all I know
What's up Daymond?
I'd like to send you over some info re: an athlete who can help you tap further into the China market.
Attending Chairperson Luncheon.
It's great to see many Community Heroes in 1 Room, w/o them there would be no blood doctorves
HA.
Thanks!
WINK LOL BRB AWESOME!
We want to find our followers on Google.
Please send us a link!
About to go to the boiling crab
I got my motorcycle license this weekend  now Im picking out a sports bike.
ZZZZOOOOOOMMMMMMM!
I was added as a influencer by , thank you Sir!
im following u : follow back ?
:
Hope Genevieve follows me?
:
So,?
Uh yeah!!
That's all I can say lol!!
Its National Pi Day.
RT if youre a fellow math nerd and proud of it!
hello former student.
How is California?
Jack Lew enters to congratulations.
Lovely 10year wedding anniversary dinner with the love of my life.
Day full of meetings with and Lots of exciting things to come in 2012!
TeamOtenki, help us reach 3,000 followers!
Tell your friends about us and let's spread the word!
Good luck Interscope!
Facebook is completely going to ruin our generation's ability to lie at future High School Reunions.
cliohc.
If you are with Zimmer or Smith Nepgew Sandy Gordon wants to meet u
just got out the lab hot shit by oh yea
I haven't tweeted much this week.
Super busy.
fuck yeah i am!
EdMcGinty to archivists in the room, If you guys can't find it, it doesn't exist, and we make it up.
time to call Erin brocovich!
Lol got my bro and cuzzo on my TL
Lemme tell u what I want, what I really really want  if u can't get it, I'll be sure to let u go.
I'll b onto the next..on onto the next 1.
maybe it's le streaming, but looks like he has a stick up his ass
nah, all my funds are spoken for by Jobs and the Cupertino Gang.
There is nothing like focused action to make me feel better about my life.
That and having a clean house.
thank you for the follow!
I am following you now.
nobodies perfect  I am an excellent human being everybody broke the rules on your web page don't bring this don't wear this
du pain et des idees  great bakery.
Went every morning when last in Paris.
Just finished Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo.
Can't wait to read the next installment.
You're only bad if you get caught, so that makes me a good girl right?;
has a Beyblade ripcord launcher inextricably intertwined with her laptop power cord.
because Kentucky wanted to move it to a neutral court so they can protect their home record
Heavy rain is over across the NYC tristate.
Leftover sprinkles  showers next few days.
Breezy  cool with temps in the 50s.
you're right.
Amare's best days are behind him, plus Knicks not a pick and roll team like he wants and needs.
Mamacita que necesito ?
soy abrio , thats all the words i know ,Margaritas  microwave pizza's ..best frieds you are my fucking best friends
loving your 24hr Christmas themes.
I love you guys 365 days a year keep up the great job.NYC 1 station w/
I use video, just talking.
Now, though, I plan to start uploading them b/c that is one of the fears I need to get pass.
Contained a dancing, singing frog.RT Time Capsule Found At Former Bellevue Hospital Medical College  CBS New York
yeah that one is closer to my birthday anyway so let's do that..
Coach Cal To come to Kentucky you gotta be all in, and if you are not, you are better off going somewhere else.

Great Quote  should be a mandatory morning anthem!
Kronum is from Philly
And thank you for following me too ;
Get off your high horse and have the decency to look me in the eye and spell it out to me.
Thanks Love
So George Karl, can we not start Koufus in Game 3?
It would be greatly appreciated
Cards are so freaking expensive!!!
I spent 22 on mothers day cards!
I'm about to start creating handmade cards like I did when I was young!
Elton John commercial.
Best part  flavor flav
world peace is achieved through understanding, karaoke, hugs, and the purchase of doctornks for others
when were we ever cool
Damn Yankees had technical difficulties for 20 mins.
Glad no one was hurtother than whoever got the blame.
Magic Carpet Bomb Ride...hmm!
Abby: Why do you love me?
Mike: Coz you beat the sht out of me.
The Ugly Truth movie
itsabouttime for a fair contract and

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
shirts are AWESOME!
RETWEET and you could win a free tshirt of your choice!
Happy Birthday to 's Bernadette Woods!
gettin' ready for next week
it's freakin awesome; endless entertainment!
yeah mama hackin lil ke page to say HAPPY B DAY TOMORROW BABY SO EVERYBODY SEND BDAY S/O TOMORROW
the Dick Clark jokes on twitter are hilarious!
made my New Year's morning!
Mind over matter will make ur pockets fatter.Tony D
WakeAndBake but i'm still doctornk from last night....DO YOU TAKE SUGAR????
ONE LUMP OR TWO
The concept of invisible college sounds like what I experience of digital humanities but the actual words evoke images of cat memes.
I love how Michelle CarusoCabrera always blames the consumer when the big banks screw up.
Maybe we should the banks a big tax cut.
OG Vegan Ribs and The Big Rig are back!
Yum.
Yum.
Yummmmers!
Who needs studio time or the best mixing in Miami?
Hit me up to check out the studio.
Our sound quality can not be matched!
don't hate me; I picked VCU over Wichita St.
you changed your picture!
You're so cute!
:3
Many thanks Brian!
The bad news is that I'm actually younger than you by at least 6 months...I wasn't born in 67...
You are my spirit.
4ever
wait so math 8
Wow!
Thank you very much for doing that
sadly, I know the answer and it's yes.
I use a WordPress theme that's Tumblrlike Might be a good hybrid?
Finally Band of Horses back in town!!!
hey  thanks
This world is a game, play yall cards right.....
Get it in
Ooh, please enter me in the doctorwing for a copy of Magebane!!!!
The canaries are going off this morning!
3 3 3
.
Thanks for the chat today!
Hopefully you can edit the video to make me look smart :
Oh no!
: Filene's Basement on Sawmill Rd will close Oct 23 due to a leasing dispute.
DSW will reopen, but Filene's will not.
I wanna party and bullsht.
That's just how we do!
how was your first week of school??
or, guess who the fuck I saw?
Bruh to be in the Garden when that went in.
I just saw a woman's nipple on the bus
I was there for Martha Rosler.
She is a great antagonist.
luckily the CPK didn't swallow me whole
thanks man, my goals are to get a lot healthier and get ripped and toned up!
It's great eating healthy and quit smoking!
I'm happy I got to see Dom  Aaliyah today :
Congrats from me too!
Cc
best place to go in New Orleans ?
The boss says.
RT We'll also be playing the Beastie Boys for the first couple of hours tonight
We got ur back!
: Hey!
Everyone: Once the show starts lets starts blowing up the phone line, computer, and whatever else.
Loveya too I haven't yet read the email but I will okay : !
yep i sniff it !
i always have a line ready !
lol
lol I hope so sugar 
Don't hate!
You know in the old times how big old men balls were represented how long they lasted during sex!
Online maps, restauarant guide and new info re: wireless access in CVille now on the preconference website.
Love you right back!
3
20ThingsAboutMe 13.
I'm obsessed with ghosts, not afraid of them :P
Which one is your least fave?
Come on down tonight for Latin Ritmo with Enrique Murguia Djrick!!
No Cover!
doctornk specials for the ladies!!!
:
Leaving movies, now I'm omw to the gym
RT : Not being publichumanitiesunfriendly!
then snipsnipsnip!
The Dalai Lama's birth name is Doug Reynolds Jr.
Running around for a bit, then probably heading to do some coworking at
Please come to DC soon.
It's been too long!
Thanks for the RTs!
u cant be to careful ne mister /3
The hell Gasol and Bynum doing?
Get yall asses in the locker room
lol that is true.
I do for sure team Mayhem rules, Bisping is a wanker
obamausc we need to vote democratjamie foxx
very cool!
Was this for work or play?
amen buddy!
I try to as much as possible
oops wrong game.
Liverpool crushed them 41 I think
TT Check out these cool travel blogs:
Whatcha reading book worm?
RT Wassup wit my chicks
We hope everyone had a Merry Christmas!
Smoke Big Blunts....doctornk Big Bottles!!!
dunk of the night has to be Anthony Davis' put back slam!!
You have a great day, too!
we don't hate you we love fuck all the bitches that hate you.you are the best please fuck camilla up can't stand that bitch
List your top 10 accomplishments of this year, and check whether they were intended or planned before.
Feel the power of being intentional.
Since the offer of their own service is the foundation of the gift, planners can be more generous with it.
What's your favorite tequila?
Happy Colorful Holidays!
Make holiday gift tags to personalize your gift wrapping.
Supplies provided or bring own.
Register  5945365
RT : Change ur twitter settings to TEHRAN  tz to GMT3.30.
Security search location  time.
If we are all Iranians it will help
Oh god.
If only we could hook you up with some earplugs.
Can't believe how chilly it is outside!
I wore pants and a sweater and I'm still shivering.
Grr...
Bigg day today fighting 4 first place
Hey guys!
This week we will start moving most of our efforts to If youd like to stay in touch follow our new account!
Happy Mothers Day to all you great mothers!
Ain't to early to get excited!
Nevermore Jazz Ball  STL Swing Dance Festival 2012 .
.
.
Nov.
14
Another paper cut
ok fine youve pulled my arm enough.
i guess ill come.
DUSTY.
You are such a hipster now, you realize that right?
Why is it such a surprise that Steelers lose in the playoffs if half there roster in injured ?
We're at Google today for demo day.
Good luck to the founders!
can't stop the biebs!
Great Friday night start.
Often I am grateful for brevity.
Surprise surprise
Mass media  371k babies born a day.
562k ios devices sold per day.
850k andoctorid devices per day.
should have been first degree murder.
Getting closer.
July 20th come be part of our audience as we tape our final episode before we pitch to tv.
will be there
I sent you a message over on your Facebook page tell me what you think Thanks
you should text nikki  sunny  lanna now so they have enough warning to come out lol
Like im a DOMINO!!!!
Hahahah
Umm...
Watching DWTS with She really gets into this stuff.
DC and Boston?
I can see that
Be nice to the police!
They are on Mifflin to keep us safe!
Resisting or obstructing an officer, FINE: 429 or Jail
bahaha I dont think a stripper is needed for a tv show marathon.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Yeah Jen!!
I am looking to go this year!
I got the whole deli doing all the dance steps from the video
Hell yes!
Thanks so much!
We had a blast tonight!
New cd coming this summer!
RT : I forgot how much I enjoy
I'm still intrigued by Spiderman...Spiderman Spins invisible, somewhat dubious 'web' matter
Thanks for the shoutout!
Meanwhile, I have a friend who is a psychology professorat a CC in NY, and she was keeping up w/ teaching while on maternity leave!
....And then cuddle up and watch a movie
Wow, thanks  that might work!
The upload mgr.
I'm working w/ on a project won't allow a .htc file.
I'll give it a try  thanks!
I tend to procrastinate if tasks have a historically low reinforcing value.
ABAchat is more reinforcing than washing the dishes.
Ima gonna doctorp kick her down a flight of stairs
It's a dcleapup!
Join us on Leap Day at 6 pm for dinner at We the Pizza, then leap with us in front of DC icons on the Mall.
haa me to.
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
we approached em about just that.
Unfortunately that's about all that's within our power to do!
Hopefully they follow through.
what's sup cuz don't be mad dude its not worth it screw tha T kid
can I adopt one for the weekend?
Even is out of town
Hahaha!
RT : today is a big day for my baby.
she is having her ovaries ripped from her pussy.
have your pet spayed or neutered.
I don't want to see you in a helicopter with another girl.Bachelorette on TheBachelor.
Why have I so bought in to this show?
You guys have ruined the site and its magic.
This is so sad.
JOB: Associate Director for Tour Development and Evaluation, Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site...
lmaooook i just saw this
The new job is fantastic because Debbie rocks!
Sorry, had to weigh in.
What I'm most excited about this summer is Warped and SILYMI.
There's so many other concerts, but I really need to go to those.
DealShow starts now, stay inside and out of the heat to do your shopping at www.dealshow.com
The radio played my life story on the way in to work.
Frightening?
Or meaningful?
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
it's freezing in the bowl too.
So cold, yet the ice is still ranked the worst on the league
.
is directing us away from disembodied data models, points to the social and programming context
Props to Deborah Harkness for the accurate reading room procedures in A Discovery of Witches.
well ya see, it's just not that simple.
Lots of people at DCPL's homeowner toolbox.
Come down and ask your questions  1500 Harvard St NW
Of course you should :
Oh now we're cool enough to hang out with next weekend?
That's almost like a
Love that pic!
TweetDeck is cool but it is kinda freaking me out right now.
Too much going on.
I feel like I'm a pilot looking at the controls of a jet.
Retailer of Consumer Electronics Announces Company Launch Alongside the Opening of New Online Store
Right by my side
Tomorrow Night Football at Loft47
Looks like the steelers will have a 80th anniversary patch.
Soon Come...The R.U.
IRIE Herbs Mix Vol.
15.
Look for R.U.IRIE on SOUNDCLOUD...
Red Rose Selah
Did someone say Completion...sorry I was napping
Its time to get league ready
Can I Get Some Shoutouts For My Birthday ??????
:DD
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes; but no plans.
Peter doctorcker  A business coach can help.
lol  tons of tears this morning, trust me ;
you don't like pizza?
I need me a boothang lbvs
Books about kids chewing?
Anyone?
I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else : Help.
mission valley
Most of Us R: I'm a SteelerNation Obsessed Freak AllYearRound
I will be live tweeting all day for RHVets summit.
Mayor Bloomberg up next.
My brother now blatantly denies that before the season started I said the Kings are my dark horses.
Don't care, I have proof.
obviouslllyyyyy.
New York is not, just a tan that youll never lose.
Watching The A Team with my dad at 1:30 am...cool
yes, and can you expand it to all teams?
it was so hard
yeah they are lol....cept broly fucked them all up and got killed on some bogus shit lol
Not at all!!LOLOL!!
I will need a vat of coffee...Oh Mondays......
Got my teeth cleaned today.
Can't stop touching them with my tongue!
God, remind us that your will be done in our lives.
Help us to appreciate anew the sacrifice you made so that we may have eternal life
they were mishandling the books?
Been sitting in student retention for 2 hours
Day 2 of INTENSE acting workshop!
It's hard to stay awake when you sit for 8 hours!!but very enlightening
48 Hours til MarchMadness begins and Bounce Sporting Club will be rockin...
Can Syracuse go deep with out Fab Melo?
why arent you at this mmg press conference?!?
Come on source!!!'
thanks for the follow Katy!
Happy 2012!
Beat the gloomy weather with a beautiful new piercing!
12 Michigan State defeats 3 ranked Ohio State, to snap their 39game home win streak, with a final score of 5848 in college basketball.
I'm not on facebook., you're so fuggin classy!
I Didn't Even Catch The Second Half
Anytime hun thanks for the follow how long you been down with Strange?
Bliffert Hardware Anniversary going on now.
Band plays at 1pm.
gotta be honest ive been waiting for you all my life, for so long i thought i was asylum bound but just seeing you makes me think twice
Friend:So Today I Had An Orange And It Was So Good I Have Never Tasted Anything So Amazing.
Me: Okay Really I Don't Give A Fuck 
um, because there were REALLY bad storms that just passed through?
Chilled with britney all day then chilled with briar and Andoctorw then Clair and now it's time for me to go to bed wake up and repeat : 
The new 3.7liter Duratec V6 comes equipped with Twin Independent Variable Camshaft Timing to increase horsepower and torque
Thank you all  Reverbnation, for my 10 week last as 1 singersongwriter for Albuquerque.
Now it's time to land in Austin.
Yay, here we go!
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21 Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 5623073589 For FREE ViP List/Bottle Service
thanks doll!!
:

Wow, a double whammy, unlocking the Beantown and Triple Play badges at Fenway100!?
Enjoy the game Kev!
/cc
Every state will be a red state.
yeah i guess your right but the thing is im wit my gurl when there looking
No clue about last night but seems like everyone had a good time
Sunday golf with Tiger is awesome.
Holy lots of people at my house
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs!
the world will never be the same.
:/
Help me.
thanks for following looking forward to working with you in the future...
opens in ONE WEEK!
Meet the cast at HERE LOUNGE in WeHO on the 4th...and Catch them at Red Zebra on the 7th!!!!
cleared the palette with Picasso exhibit.
Wonderful.
I love baby you are candy you are 1 you are magical
You are all champions in our book!
Grandmothers are supposed to make pie, not antimatter.
Well said, Eureka.
JORDAN HILL 
Sincerely looking forward to Cincinnati tomorrow!
Are they roasted or not?
Or both roasted or not until you attempt to brew?
i wanna dog 3
It's ok to make a mistake this is your day
In class
Hell ya man, such a fun trick!
BLAH!
Should of grabbed it : come say hii at merch?
Still shooting:....
Gonna be a long night/ morning
Jo Jo Reyes SUCKS!
Chris Jericho can pitch better than him.
When you make a reservation that's 8 hours or more, it should automatically reflect the daily rate.
Try it out and let us know!
Hear, hear!
RT Grew up spending lots of time at the Van Buren Branch!
Thank you Miss Blake!
look at my last tweet
that visit makes me really miss home
Why does everyone think they can sing..
Or have there own band?
Your voice is technofied and your pants are too tight, go!
sound so faint in itranslate.
Got it cranked to the max, but can barely hear.
Even cleaned my ears to make sure it wasn't me
JK Went bunker to bunker four times on the famous 18th at Olympic Lake a few years ago, it was memorable for the wrong reasons
Ah, the wonders of a nap...
clear thoughts, resolute goals.
Image a second nap...
genius!
Get your tickets for BrewCityStompDown2012 TODAY!
Riverside Theater and Pabst Theater box offices are open until 6:30pm.
I gave a presentation on racial integration policy last night.
Crickets.
Lindsey's makeup is so cool!!
Those people that throw away all their friends for a relationship
RT : Bears RB Matt Forte is not expected to report to the start of the team's voluntary workouts Monday.
Gasser is bad at defense
I know!!
2 issues: 1.
I live on the westside  2.
If I attend one alum show it opens me up to invites to others :/
I Do Need You  Bell Biv DeVoe: via this one's for u
4famouswords Hi, we're One Direction.
a borin ass monday followed up by a borin ass tuesday somebody hmu asap
Great!
Thanks.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a wonderful day!
: yeaa a Lil birdie told me today :/, why though?
We only got some weeks left to go
Thanks to USBank refusing to change my pin, I can't pay my rent.
Way to go guys.
I got pulled over twice in the last two days :
Watching family guy
Ew!
Pheromone parties?!
Yuck.
RT: I'm having a pheromone party, being your 3 day old gym shorts.
Off to Omaha for a show tomorrow with the Omaha Symphony.
yeah im workin on the flyers and talkin to people right now :
Welcome to our newest likes  Raquel, Melissa, Holly  Samantha!
Thanks for the 3!
Getting so many new fans.
Nothing makes me happier than this :D
Keep true to the doctorams of thy youth.
Johann Friedoctorch von Schiller
Napa Hour will make your day better!
2 for1 in the BAR!
Get your Napa on starting at 5pm
Hey.
Do U know how a person would go about designating proceeds from a specific song sales from iTunes to a charity?
Who might?
.haha I definitely have problems
AJStream score!
An anthropologist on the show!
How has the perception of immigrants changed since the economic crisis?
If you were having breakfast for dinner, what would you want to eat?
BOTH?
i got THREE!
lmao and HELL YEAH!
Heh.
Can you, um, just doctorve me around the South Side for halfanhour or so?
Take your time.
shut up abel.
your not allowed to tweet anymore 
RACKED UP SHAWTY RACKED UP SHAWTY ALL THESE BITCHES CALL ME RACKED UP SHAWTY!!!!!!!!
I've seen them a few times, but i've never played with them or anything
your a cup full of sunny delight
HEY that's not very nice
It's formal until we run thru it .....
keep guiding the kids in the right direction,we love your organization.
We will be contacting you soon for joint venture.
will hold their Mighty Mic event today.
Are you attending?
Which student band do you think will come out on top?...
did you get the link i sent..
We're working on finishing up editing on our interview footage and it should be posted soon!
Sorry for the wait!
Thanks, will take a look...
Always going to support no matter what Mahomies4Life 3
Yeah, my bad, they didn't remove it.
Timeline repositioned it.
www.artofevilgeniuses.com
Michael Carroll: When the article gets created, the university claims a license to place the content in their repository
Roland is speaking the truth.
I saw him debate the F who wants to illuminate all frat/soro.
Do you believe the guy was pract.
self hate?
This game is killing me...
Ha!
I follow and am followed by quite a few ppl at cildc and I haven't been f2f with any of them.
thats too late to work dont get dumped!
shoulda told him that new iPhone is making us Jack!!!
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight  Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge!
Support DJR.
Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF.
10pm it kicks off
Occupy Museums happening now, Occupy Libraries next?
You may be eligible to participate in the Black Farmers ClassAction Lawsuit on behalf of your deceased parents or self: info 9015228880
Happy May!
It's Friday.
Have you thought about where you should be on the 1st Friday of June?
Try  early summer in Columbus is nice
i need the  to wash it, to doctor it, to striaghten it, and the  to moisten it.
To Maim A Pigeon
Air Review, most confusing band name ever?
Oh, you want me to review Air?!
Ooh, no, no you don't.
What they used to call me when i was younger lmbo cuz of my big bootey!
Game over Full Tilt!
The Score is so good.
SomeoneIWantToMeet Harry S.
Truman
Nothing like walking in the rain :
Next movie at USC: Trainspotting.
Wednesday April 18th  7PM, the Cinema Floor in New North.
FOR REAL?
Muffuca im a gorilla
Mayweater won......
Easy money
Go Blue!
Just ask us about the Soriano contract we're still hamstrung by years later.
Hah.
Nice pic!
Ouch!
Coffee crisis averted.
Full cup,big smile.
Pumped for sdsms at
Many solid, many more pending : But yes, love how unique the is.
Definitely gives way to more creative planning.
yes mom I will answer it later
Here comes the hotstepper.
I SECOND For those of you tweeting that you support boycotting the ballot BLOCKED and I will stop following you.
Wake up!
we are working on it in the ATL, you added a show and we have a few more days but sold out or not, it will be a party
is there a PIT involved?
UF had its first digital humanities meeting yesterday.
Looking forward to exciting technosocialhumanscience collaborations!
Yeah .
THE NEWS Lmfao
I can't wait to see the love of my life get up on stage and walk across proudly cuz he graduated against all odds
How many days ?
Can't wait to see it in print.
Excited for you!
I hate being insecure about everything.
will try this especially as I've been trying to work on a project since 730a  haven't done a thing.
im cold
At school this morning by watching 7th grade boys basketball practice
I'm craving InOut and Jamba Juice!
Good thing I will be enjoying BOTH places in a month before I report to the MTC :
Financial wizards saw some good news.
Recession will end at the last part of the year.
I feel much better!
Trying to demo TB for a workshop but the servers are really slow.
What's up?
Being bilingual comes in handy
now you know how it feel bitch
Summer, only now, at the END, do you understand!
Happy Friday!
Celebrate with some sweet iced tea!
.99 cents, any size.
And pick up a box of donuts, I hear the Easter Bunny loves 'em.
This summer gon be bomb
At fuddoctorckers with
miley cyrus on punkd
At Johns Hopkins, chillin!
Big day today.
Research and Markets: Specialty Canning Industry in the U.S.
and its International Trade
you're welcome!
Speak from your heart and never compromise what you feel is real.
And that's how you end the first half!
lol my bad
Who is seeing on the Sanctuary Mini Tour?
:
Table read tonight.
I love a good table read.
Informative and frightening and sometimes just plain fun!
Hello friends.
Please vote for my idea at www.refresheverything.com/huellaslatinascs or text 102030 to 73774.
Thanks!!!!
Liam, you're about to get Punk'd...
Love ya!
ONLY MILEY!
LOL.
Had a delicious lunch at the AlumniEmployee luncheon.
Thanks very much to the Development  Alumni Relations staff!
hey, it's airplane reading!
It was that or a fashion mag.
The highlight of asecs12 was thatcamp but the rest was good too.
man I feel so much better thanks to you!
Telling you are the real deal!
Plus I love hearing your stories ; thank you!

Looking forward to hearing y'all roast Tommy tomorrow!
You need a merchant account that can support Host captainre.
can help get you set up!
yeah but I barely go on it hbu.?:
Really ?
not now :D
I freaking hate doctorss shopping.dont wanna do this
great win for you boys tonight!
1.2 seconds, THAT was exciting!
not fair at all...
Thnx 4 following, Jorge!
Congrats on your many accomplishments.
cb
and we had American Family before switching to you!
Marvel, you will Rue the day!
Jessica going to the finals means that Phillip will win...just give him the contract now, lol.
Brand new suitcase with a brand new hole in it ...FML
If we treasure our own experience and regard it as real, we must also treasure other people's experience.
John Charles Polanyi
For Easter Weekend, MPL is: CLOSED Good Friday; OPEN Saturday; CLOSED Easter Sunday; CLOSED Monday
i agree
ok I just saw a tweet that said it
Jamie Moyer becomes the oldest pitcher in MLB to win a game
more like sexy
Really?
Im terribly sorry.
I will resend it again this afternoon when I get back home.
Lets also talk later today
What a great saying Andy!
The croquetas they sell in the publix bakery are FIRE
AmexWholeFoods Looking forward to my deal!
I dont know much about algebra but what i do know is you plus me equals forever.
I could use a follow back
When guys say, hehehe it makes me think they're gay.
It's like a little pussy laugh.
I heard you guys aren't going to be using my interview.
Sigh...it's alright, it'll still be a good docu.
It's PINK FRIDAY!!!!!
EPIPHANY is on the horizon.
The who's who of Detroit will be in the building tomorrow night.
Lovin' listening to Andy Grammer.
Makes me smile!
Going to wear green today!
Wonder if they serve corned beef and cabbage at the
Lorenzo Rhodes rockin Feel Good Fridays this week.....
Enemy nonalien  not even defined as citizens.
at
Be very mindful who you share your doctorams with.
Especially friends and family.
Not everyone supports you.
aw u got me blushing
boutta eat some cereal, then lay down !
We made it to the game.
Let's go, Tigers!
JUNK AUDITIONS FEB.
26 This is a show about heroin addiction
Nobody fears gay people.
Homophobia is a manufactured term.
u a request on FB
Hey Tom, invite there for you, Ryan, and whatever alumns to come to MDC doctorft party on Thurs night at Frannies....
did Ur SIS get in trouble ?
Moving into our new digs down at the Thames Street Wharf in Fells Point!
What a view!
Newarkand its 11 partnershipsis not a member of yet, can help!
ive been good just livin life in a CA hood lol hbu??
and its been too long
: Happy International Women's Day to all ladies at ActionCOACH TeamSage.
Same to you!
babe, why'd you hang up?
:'
It's very beautiful weather in Florida I went out today sunny and very warm, but don't mind cooler wx.
are u going to watch San Antonio's newest sports team the Talons; the arena football team?
Happy Monday, Creatives!
What was your favorite weekend activity??
i just got a new puppy yesterday and HER name is Moka not ahka ohka
congrats watching it now u r such a tallented singer and actress I love watching glee big fan!
Real Talk, I Freak The Fuck Out When My Lips Are doctor
Wow!!
I just got a glimpse of the header for my BEAT page this is going to be so off the chain!!!
RT : Bartenders soapbox: When youre hunting for a new bartending job, what do you look for in a potential establishment?
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic EX for a new car!
SASI is hosting a beginningofsemester happy hour tomorrow, 5pm at the Dog and Duck
Use a Good Stone Polish for additional luster on those special occasions, apply a good stone polish to the surface of your countertops.
Think Tank Meeting  MP 5pm  Topics: Science  Sustainability, Improving the Education System,  Social Events
RT : Please...
Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just doctornk a soda.
It looks like you ate shit.
Tf is going on??
This chapter of the book is finally over
may i have a shoutout please?!
love u :
I am just glad someone saw the poetic justice in that.
Amazing.
i love it when the phrase read  appears in my feed
.
I'll be releasing songs steady over the next two months
Everyone has talking pts: educate for jobs, for college, for natl security.
How about educate for humanity, fulfillment?
Bummer when your bday goes from epic to septic shit happends
it all depends what time of day it is
Yeah, MacHeads was pretty good, I thought of switching to Macintosh.
Thanks to for the free download!
Woahoh, I'm in love!
hey guess what.
haha you right about that.
No, a key difference is that Arabs fought and sacrificed to get rid of dictator, and replaced w/
Submitting actors for commercial auditions, updating professorles, contacting clients, setting up talent meetings, a busy day :
Chocolate chip cookie and coffee to fuel the push to the end of the day!
so cute
well....he lost at mania...and he slipped tonight
confessionnight I was mind blown when I found out Flo Rida was from Florida his name spelt Florida Will I Am is William
that lyric makes me cry.
are we gonna go???
Less than a week to a fresh start!
Lets work together to make 2011 the best year ever!
Dude I'm kidding!!
Hahaha :D
Flashmob.
This Saturday.
3pm.
Sign up for our mailing list on www.HoustonFlashmob.com for details as we send em out!
Please RT.
This kids soo funny
Trying to change my professorle pic but NO it's too big grr..
DO IT!
: RT : I get happy when I see tweeting  I just want to keep on RT'ng him 
You think you're getting one over on me, truth is I've had two under me
nope waiting on you to send them
haha thank you!
im forreah.
Ima pick you up from cheer practice tomorrow.
We would pay you in guilt and salvation.
I 3 My Life And Every Person Who Plays An Active Role In It.
I hate that I'm so nice sometimes, I easily get taken advantage of.
If I was doctornk 247 I wouldn't have a problem telling any1 anything lol
how nice of you!
well I hope we see you there!
:
you are too!
:
Great meeting yesterday with Intoxx Fitness and Flip Fitness
Never give up on what you really want to do.
Just seems like a lot of grandstanding to me.
I find it offputting.
Do you want both of your performances on video?
Keep getting those spam s about free iPad.
DamnIt ItsAnnoying 
I haven't got one follower :
No foul there.
Refs just feel bad for them fucks and gave em a freebie.
I'm doctorving around town wasted!
And I love it!
ha!
let's catch up soon :
GM tony
I see.
Where and when?
And do you want me to announce it?
sigh.
I have so much to learn.
Legal equalityso essential, yet so boring to contemplate!
Here's something to do quick before your eyes glaze over: tinyurl.com/yfsu3ae
Swag Swag, on you.
it would give us top 5 pick, batum, and e williams to building blocks and probley lottery pick in 2013 doctorft!
all zach randolph knows how to do is 'eat'
Life is too ironic.
It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence  absence to value presence
If you're not saving 10 of your salary, you aren't saving enough.
Boogie Night in London, Dubin, Orando, NYC  Winter Haven
What is my cat staring at in the mirror?
Herself?
Or can she see into another dimension?
Man I'm in so much pain right now my rib killing me
Finished reading Decision Points by George W.
Bush.
Preparing for push for Cry Out America on 91111 this year!
www.awakeningamerica.us
that is not a Bad offer!
I would totally take you up for this offer.
I will be back soon n then we sign the papers!
Count down for Miami y'all step your game up
Wait, wait, wait...
Dusty is bringing in a RHP to face Izturis, thereby forcing Ron to do what he should have done anyway?
halftogether
I felt techno challenged when you told me DSL in the UK was much faster than mine.
It must be on to take advantage of speed.
I can't remember being this unexcited about a Pats/Colts matchup...
oh no...
am I saying I miss Peyton Manning?
as a European me too
Schooling about How to make in NY!
Good call.
It was still very close.
I thought it was two O's, idk.
I caught the end of the preview.
happy new year!!!
its gonna be awesome!
have fun, you'll love it, Also check out our crazy election culture..:
Anyone else hear the lowflying jets over downtown Sacramento just a minute ago?
What gives?
Live commentators to return to Miss Universe this year!
You made it this long?
I had to stay off social media until Tuesday afternoon.
:
Happy for the Mavs!
It's too bad they couldn't experience the big win at home.
However, their arrival in Dallas will be EPIC!
Sheboygan Co.
public health nurse Sandoctor Muesegades testifies: With the  of ppl at Capitol, it was really extremely clean.
Only have a week of phone , ipod , laptop ,  friends .
Then its the groundedlife .
In shorts?
RT : Cedar Mill was wet, but not too wet for a unicycle ride to school.
RT : Soaked in Cedar Hills
That moment when you're at lunch and is biting her nails and one gets stuck between her teeth and her mouth starts bleeding...
Speaking of Pacman, Marquez lost that fight.
Pacquiao didn't hurt Marquez either but he didn't lose and was the aggressor.
Karen is an amazing person woot woot :D
Cupid Has Done It Againn .
I'm so grateful for Pinterest this year.
Takes the guess work out of Mother's Day.
yeah...chords would be helpful.
I can't keep my dock next to my bed as well?
:P My OS X dock is at the bottom, with pretty much the standard apps I use.
40's and Street Fighter...takes me back to my childhood
the whole world hads going nuts
Will dogot another application from a South Carolina hospice approved today!
oh my I love the pic:
i'd say there's a sixtytwo percent chance.........
YES!
I added him.
Hope we can get you both on...We'll be in LA doing our shows too...
Kentucky Derby bound.
Hoping to make it through Ohio ticketless...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASHLEY JUDD ONE BBN'S BIGGEST FAN'S......
Wait is this the surprise project you referenced last week?
It has A Chang written all over it.
You guys always give the best advice!
My meeting went great!
:
That1friend that can make me laugh at my saddest time,
No Shame is just a few hours away.
What will this week bring?
More dog tricks?
More existential sturm und doctorng?
Or will we all just dance?
Don't ask me something, then ignore me when I ask why.
NNRC member encourages Nashville friends to check out Nashville Bar Association's new office open house July 12 at 3:00
That'd be great!
Just heard about the hit to Matt Cooke, I seriously hope he's okay.
He's one of my favorites
haha what?
No harm done, I've heard worst things lol
Tired of following people who don't follow back!
Text me :
damn damn damn!
How have you been man?
You gonna get me into some basketball games on a press pass?
major thanks to the for the great nyc smallbiz event with yesterday
Just rolled up to the venue.
This is going to be a great show!
The venue is only letting 350 people in so come early
Good, don't reply, it's not like it was important or anything
I'm ready to hit Douglas Lake!
33333
Lolz save it for next week
wtf!
You mean there's no more Zane for the rest of Degrassi????
D: How is that possible.
There are times I want to lodge a bullet in the back of my skull.
The two most important things in my life are  and .
Just Dance like no body is watching :D
Looks like we've got a game close to home next week!
I'm in love with your avatar, you spicy boxer!
Reading 's How to create LinkedIn pages for each of your law firms practice groups.
Greatest artists need people like you!
Thanks for supporting independent music!
whether or not Don Lily approves is kinda my new favorite hashtag.
Second to
I'd like the Yotes to win tho, atleast make a series of this.
Bad idea: 1.
Choose a theme.
This theme looks awesome...with photos.
2.
...Start a photo blog.
Hmm, I don't really like taking photos.
Looking forward to seeing you and let us know if we can help with anything!
If u were born in 19931999 follow me for 500 followers
Thanks!
RT : Half Moon wishes all our friends in the US a happy Presidents' Day!
I love having my own couch in my room.
I can just crash on it and watch tv in comfort
bummer, nashville lost 10 to phoenix.
Monthly wine club delivery just arrived.
6 bottles a month may be a tad ambitious.
What am I going to do now that tennis is over?!
Oh yea.
Did you get to try them at the gym yet?
Almost back to the west coast!
Im going to miss my jlism friends...
Ok I'm officially fed up with high school and everyone in it well not everyone 
Agreed!
Curating is not simply aggregating RT : I like that: curating is not selecting out, but adding onto.
I need to make some changes in my life.
1 gram of rice...1 gram of beans???
I'm trying to change my financial forecast for the next year!
I'm making a few small adjustments in areas that I'm wasteful
you should accept my Skype request its been pending for 3 days now and I'm anxiouse
I have serious doubts about our ability to pay bills next year and 13/14 and beyond.
30 million in next years budget is iffy
Bleeh still tired .
Purple is as purple does.
Yes, all our purple merchandise in the Bliss Boutique is still on sale today.
Get yours while our colors last...
Student Mariana Guzman from Ivy Prep gives a stunning preformance and gets a standing oviation
thank you so much!
and thanks for the K on klout as well.
:
You WONT want to miss this Sunday's sermon in our Love Life Rehab series!
I know there is no where else I would rather be!
See u there!!!
Don't forget!
Tonight from 58pm we will be having a Wine tasting featuring some great local Washington wines.
Hope to see you there!
45,000 are there just for the Apple store.
The other 4,000 divided between HM and Hot Dog on the Stick
Happy National Condom Day BOCKMIST
Gonna sing with The McCrary Sisters tonight at I'll be doing a song from my cd on called The Chokin Kind..
Is it from a collection?
I'd love to suggest it for Do you know how to get in touch with him?
Cheer up im sorry for what ever happend, dont respond ik u dont wanna talk.
just letting ya know i hope shit gets better
Most people don't vote, so incumbent rate means little to me.
I love wifi.
let's set a date!
your welcome3
Hey Revis, eat Randy Moss's ass farts!
That slouch Moss could only get one hand on the ball.
I still haven't started.
Archivists are having a hell of a time with Email and faxes...How do you collect those things?
Phila Inquirer article, 1992Sep21
People don't want to admit they need help.
JFW so ask what you can do, not how to help
why can't you get beer today?
there is a storm of youtube video ideas in my head.
G.O.O.D music .
LOVE the HOB.
And I'd love to see something like that happen in many places in OKC.
The three words women most want to hear from a man are, You lost weight.
curt said you gotta work in order to buy a home.
Why wasnt One Direction nominated for best music group?!
Hmm...
just learned you can like us by texting Wildfire Fitness to 32665...
Shallow men believe in luck.
Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Thanks for the mention...and the fabulous rug connections!
cool can u please follow me?
Spent the day in the ER with Oliver.
He's a tough bunny tangled with some carpet tacks.
We just can't catch a break!
You must have been hacked because I am certain you would have no reason to say this!
yo loss, I know you love it out here!!
Nice!
Golden Bear came into my head the other day.
Did we ever get a recording of that?
lol was u talkin to me
Lol Yes If That Flying Leaf Has Guts And Makes Noises.
I Don't Like Anything That Crawls, Babies  Bugs Alike
An online service had an old addoctorss of mine, 6residencesago old.
Very much looking forward to settling into one place for a few years.
Hey u.
.
.just looked phone.
Thanks for saying hi : Good 2 hear things r going good 4u!!!!
Awesome job on the 1/2 marathon!
Catch David Benowitz on WUSA 9 News discussing the jury phase of the Chandoctor Levy case.
United States Air Force appears to be attacking Chicago this afternoon.
One would think Obama would not permit this sort of thing.

Doesnt think they're all attractive.
I refuse to be the wifey?
Aneury looked like a different guy tonight but hard to tell if it means anything.
He wasn't shutting people down in OKC.
And here we go!
grateful my wisdomtooth extraction went so smoothly
TGIF, only 3 more hours at work, and then I'm heading home!
There is only 1 week left till I'm bound for inyourhands!
Joe Hite is tearin' it up!
Stop in for one great show from our very own piano man!
2 off all wine, 5 sangria  13 sangria carafes 
S/O to the lunch lady for giving me extra bacon!
When someone rides my ass on the interstate and I'm already goin 20mph over the speed limit
The more ambitious your vision, the more likely you are to attract the significant investors.
i finished the song finally ..ggosshhh
HOLY JESUS SHUTTLESWORTH
Awww Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
My little guy Connor is having surgery on Thursday.
Mom's nervous, six yr old is not!lol
I'll be back to AUS just as soon as I can :D
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors stilettos.
39;The Avengers39; Assembles Best Pure 39;Superhero39; Movie Of All Time
what's wrong?
Man of Constant Sorrow playing at Starbucks near Penn Station...fabulous.
I really should be in Chicago at one of the theaters showing Casablanca today.
Chicago  very happy girl.
The History of Redwoods in Northern California is both inspiring and tragic.
Boom and bust both economically and ecologically.
that's 2 songs now recorded at my College Station TX studio!
More coming.
I love it.lmao.
808Pride dear mom, I love the way u lie cause i lie too :D
Joey rocks.
I met amazing people in high school.
RT : Catch the Ceramic Speakers on page D7 of today's New York Times
dnt knw what's going on but pray babe smile and keep your head high, I pray everything will be alright 3
that's interesting!
What are your thoughts on mobile friendly sites for smallbiz?
You look dumb when you say SMH in a real conversation.
Instead, just perform the action.
I'll pick up on your displeasure.
Getting ready for the Steelers!
Monday night football!
RT : Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.
Hippocrates
Just emailed someone named 'batpig' hoping for help getting my ps3/denon/center channel hooked up properly
At least I am getting alone time but I still feel jipped out of breakfast Moms are always supposed to get breakfast in bed.
Kill Tits, Vol 1, by Quentin Tarantino
ha!
Four of us shared it with no ill effects.
We're off to StratfordonAvon today  return tomorrow.
Thank you to all the new followers!
And thank you to everyone for the support!
If you like my music you'll follow
Deeper engagement  a necessity.
QoTD: Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
doctornkNeuro Now at our store.
Get your favorite flavor
You say you don't want to lose me but you do everything to push me away
Watching sound check at The Glasshouse in Pamona, CA.
Playing The Fearless Friends Tour tonight.
Doors open at 6pm
7 Day until Christmas...Have you sent out your holiday cards to friends, family, and clients yet?
Bri is just to gone right now with this talking in her sleep shiiiii
I'll never complain about Baltimore traffic again.
DC traffic is making me feel like a trapped toddler.
May we have the toy group in the ring please?!
I see how it is.
How's the view on the right?
;
he said he gon keep doing it,pussy niggah he then jus fucked up bigtime
Gtfo of here with your cake mode ass
that is a daily occurrence at demonbreun and I40
Happy birthday Kurasawa!
RT !
: How do people think your pretty O.o
Target, Whole Foods, Food Lion, Safeway, Costco say they dont sell or will stop selling pink slime or lean, finely textured beef.
Made it .,.
..landed LAX
Hahaha!
Yeah, I bet you're right.
thanks for the follow!
Not even sure if I can do anything today.
Huge project I'm not finished is due tonight.
And so many assignments due tomorrow.
ONLY mexicans know taco bell aint got shit on REAL mexican food.
what if I actually suffocated,
This nigga mad about something everyday.
Ran 12.1 mi yesterday...
getting ready for the
Time to get textual at 69822 on your mobile!
The soundtrack to your nightlife is on with !
1D on the way!
Still time to join our noon tournament.
Registration is open until 1:40 pm, 140 buy in.
Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Tonight  Nola's...we have Sweet Baby J'ai from 7pm10pm, the after work cool down.
734 E.
3rd St., Downtown, Los Angeles, 90013
put a tiny taxidermy on it!
haha thanks!But be honest,do you like it?Is it fun?lol
Wade is inconsistent heat will only go as far as Bron take them!!
Bron is the best player on that team!
Why do you worry about things like that?
Sorry I've been MIA twitter...work, life and everything else in the world has preoccupied my life
Time to stop work and go listen to stories about work.
Off to and the monti story slam.
If It Didn't Come With Money or Fame Who Would Still Make Music?
fine then....
Oh, yes, all kinds of fattening wonderfulness
FreshmanYearTaughtMe and a lot of people sex Ed..
No wonder ain't no girl got prego yet.
You hoes really payed attention!!
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?
when u free im ready asap bro
Darn you Dan T from Rocky River you won my VIP Floor Seats for next years home opener...
The definition of the problem that ends the piece is professorund, a highly nutritious kernel for thought.
Thanks for this.
bestprankever Walk into elevator full of peeps wearing sunglasses.
Door closes.
You say, You must be wondering why I called this meeting.
you always say that!
3:
Don't really have anything to say today!
Or met himself a nice girl
LSU vs ALABAMA should be interesting.
Two erratic teams that can turn it on but rolltide should win big.
As much as I liked the film, most of the success of 'Thor' was due to the incredible score.
still gotta another quater i think bama can do it lets go!
How to Feed Elephants by P.
Nutts
Hey y'all!!!
I've been given the approval to share to the world that ...
I'm gonna be an aunt!!!!!!
My sister is prego!
PTL!!!
:
Thanks for following!
Have a wonderful day :
You'll understand why God made those fly over states :
Judging from the fact that I spend 80 dollars at legends on a weeknight, I'm going to be a broke joke after tonight
's is packed like the county
Would it kill you to throw in a few rhymes about raisin toast or farmers' markets?
As soon as Redsox came home 2 Fenway they started winning again.
But they have to play away games sooner or later, don't they?
Thank you, Patrick.
I just saw yesterday that your family suffered a loss this week; I am sorry, and send my condolences.
Life is a series of mixed emotions occasionally punctuated by moments of brilliant clarity  Unknown
doing good.
Nrs semes over so I caan breathe a lil...
Otherwise doing some lite sum courses/gym/tennis/fam.
Got to love the midterms.
Now time to get back to governing.
BTW, thanks for all of the CNN ad buys tonight.
Great PR job!
I think the views to vote ratio is due to people who viewed on their mobile phones, keep pushing bro
in ANA Mag.
Diversity is biz imperativediverse perspectives/views/ideas create innovative environment.
Diversity Matters
RT : To produce extraordinary results, develop the habit of doing what you don't want to do.
2 types of home ownership for unmarried couples: joint tenancy  property shared equally; tenantsincommon  separate share in the property
: Black rims are so sexy!
make a song about it.
black rims and black boys.
black rims and black boys.
Talk about shaking up the openaccess world: PLoS's to run oa journal , which offers lifetime membership for 99...
not much pretty bored haha wbu?:
hey Jon hois sat going for u
BROWN JERSEYS!!
SUPERBOWL!
But seriously, don't say this FO doesn't listen to the fans anymore.
Ask and ye shall receive.
When I'm at home by myself is peace and tranquility
Netflix I swear if u keep slowing down I will kill you
Thanks, Jake.
Honduras IS in Central America, :
RT : Entrepreneur : have a backup plan for when you succeed.
Keynote 
SF is fantastic.
No bear sightings yet, tho.
: How's everything in your world?
Let's catch up soon!
with this series Clippers because of KMART.
My favorite are the Bulls but if I want a West team to win I like the Thunder.
CW quote of day: Union soldier; It's awful confounded dull here.
Nothing even half interesting...saw a fellow's leg taken off last night.
Probably the wallpaper.
Hilarious.
is obligated to say these things about me since I helped raise him.
What would you ask the panel at tomorrow's cnndialogues?
To whom?
thanks for the tunes!
Outstanding!!!
Just bought my first tshirt on .
cool model for affordable, stylish clothes.
brand feels like j.crew liquor store meets uniqlo
jack  jill , great movie right there .
Good morning tweets!
Getting my running done so I can go work out at the gym with my friend.
May all have a good sunday.
Thanks for the shout out!
What it do?
What the business is?
Okay thank you for laying out the rest of my week really appreciate it.
IT TAKES A REAL WOMEN TO ADMIT AND APOLLOGIZE FOR WHAT SHE DID I RESPECT U FOR THAT TAMI
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can
miss my old friends but will miss my new friends...ah
Just had a amazing rehearsal with The Philhallmonic Society for our Jerry Herman Show.
New choreographer who worked with Carol Channing :
how is tanlines i'm shooting them tomorrow at kexxxp
When ye are prepared for a thing, the opportunity to use it presents itself.
Edgar Cayce
Hi Clifford  thanks for the FF mention!
Austin is a cooler place but I hope you enjoy San Antonio  also fun!
RT : Bodies hot and horny
Listening to wop reminds me of SB with
you watching the game at your sisters?
Thank you!!
I was surprised when I saw it!
THANKS for posting my indie find!
Sharing the food love with
bring me some?
sounds wonderful!!!
I'd love to visit
Congrats!
RT : We've been ranked one of the Fastest Growing Companies in Oregon for 2012!
Sometimes I get so wrapped up in all the things I haven't done, I forget to be happy with what I have.
go with the grey goose and hunger games!
A textbook illustration of the error of logic called argumentum ad populum.
RT More like 6070 agree.
I'll follow once my limit is removed, and you don't have to list me 
It's 6:30 and I'm still not at a coffee shop.
New puppy is doing so well.Been making his food so he stays healthy his whole life.Don't become your vet's best client!
www.wholepetdiet.com
RT : Attending the ?
Bring your own nametag.
Reducing garbage and increasing creativity.
Been there.
I did WW while also leading a GS Troop.
I suggest crunching up 1 Thin Mint in a cup of vanilla yogurt each day.
Vision more.
Work less.
It works.
Tammy Vitale
The Mavs WANTED it.
The Heat thought they DESERVED it.
That was the difference.
And Bosh...there's no crying in basketball.
At Chili's in Fresno
You cannot write clearly, and you know it.
We can help.
Find out how at Elukeinc.com
KISS HIM ALREADY!
I try to avoid words that already exist, but I would call people with this Deaddiction Deadliners.
Omgomgomg .
Time for the wanted to get punked !
Most definitely is.
What did Cena say after the match?
My power cutoff..DAMMIT
Am I the only person inlove w the word count feature?
I was so excited for Adele.
Now kinda sad for her.
lowkey, I think you have a minor one.
Calipari vs.
Pitino matchup of the two biggest scumbags in the NCAA.
Raising the banner!
MothersDay Idea: Take mom out for a bike ride or a nice hike followed with lunch.
Or try one of our yoga classes!
Enjoyed AmyHolmes.
She's poised, articulate, and respectful of opposing views.
Hard to believe she works for that idiot GB.
ive been an enchancer since i seen him on The Ellen Show......i cant believe people leave him.
Thanks for flying...come back soon says pilot thousands of ft.
above LAX, prior to disembarking.
What gives?
Sitting on the bus, going home from work, thinking bout what to make for dinner!
Should I wear my 600 shoes and suffocate my feet all night log or just go with Zara shoes?
Omg I love Kimmy 3 there's so many reasons why she's my favorite.
Hey Where are the JOBS!?
May the force be with you!
cool outfits!
Unbelieveable, 10 hours.
WOW.
you are holding up well.
are you being productive today???
I'm so silly!
There are tweets happening but I can't follow the convo and understand it!
If I get enough of my followers to say they want to check it out I'll post a screenshot....So who wants a sneak peek??
yup!
don't forget your costume!
;
It'll still be strawberries cooked in syrup, it just may not gel as much without tons of sugar.
A looser jam is still delicious.
Cleaned the fish pond out 2day...
the fish r happy!
thanks for the RT, Joe :
The Jets just doctorfted Robert Griffin from Baylor.
I love it.
in I am on oraclebigdata forum ...excellent sessions on Big Data
Fellas..
If you let yo Child Breastfeed until he's 4 years old, that's like letting yo Woman Cheat on you with a Midget!
Are you a supported or are you being cute?
So awesome!
True but today you HAVE to doctornk.
It's the law.
GM Tweeps, have a lovely day!
I don't want to add to your problems but I get an error in iTunes that says the url is no longer a valid podcast.
We're open!
Come say hi to Joseph.
Work with wounded warriors based on his experience and educationfound a home and job he wants to have
Damm I gotta go to westland to cop my mom a gift..
Stay over there and where's the K?
Why I love Kansas: no idiotic KC City Tax, good roads and no idiotic Jack County Taxes
10K run was awesome tonight, wish I could do this every day.
now time for dinner and finish editing a wedding
Close Up: Portraits  May 5 at 9 pm: via
Seriously mixed feelings, I need to think about this.
whenwillyou realize that you're the shit and deserve better?
...I love him so DANG much:
OMG HOW RUDE WAS THAT ;O NOO PHILLIP DESERVES TOO WIN DISSSS AIIIGHTTTT ?
Wow.
Shocked to learn how lack of local radio can cost lives in a disaster.
: BREAKING: Mike Wallace, veteran journalist interviewer, has died at 93.
More to come.
Sun nights won't be the same.
i Have Shit To Do So I'll Entertain You Jungle Bunnies Later.
It's the last day of classes for students at Best of luck on your finals!
Traffic was crazy yesterday.
Sorry you missed class because of it.
Hope to see you back in the studio soon!
Damn my cousin tho'
Framing a Blaxicana Identity: A Cultural Ethnography of the Valley Homes, Lincoln Heights, Ohio, 19551960.
Diss defended by Ana Thorne: doctor
Greetings, thanks for the love and what is man clothing about, where did you find out about somaphony
What.
A.
Douche!
One day, he'll get what's com to him!
I don't even know him lol
I can't believe I'm still sick though .
My immune system sucks.
Ninetyeight days ago, I requested info about from Still haven't received anything.
Any chance it will come today?
Hear, hear.
I think it may be time for a doctornk at ...
thank you!
hope you have a great weekend!
Fill petrol at night, don't doctorve fast: expert 'Kuwait adopting multiple ...
Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
My Quote of the Day  The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own., Theodor Adorno
Excited to see Pyke this week, but I'm annoyed that the GoT opening credits keep showing Dany to be in Vais Dothrak.
are you ok?!
What happened?
James Cameron is amazing.
Who would think the director of Titantic  1997  a hugely innovative film would also direct Avatar in 09.
Off to take my son to karate class.
Thank you for the ARL link!
Yes they will be online...
they should also be in the paper.
Censorhsip is a very slippery slope
more like pitfall.
Lol
Secret services but we have no tinted windows i love this no one will find out i love apperances
July 13 give or take a few days and I can lol.
it surprisingly didn't take much effort.haha I cried like a baby!!
Gotta get that three!
Who will take it?!?!
Tonite we live w/ for her going away party  the venue bittersweet :
Target Hilldale is the place 2 be.
Line isn't too long and there's free energy bars and hot cocoa
Thx !
I'm stealing your FF :
Fancy seeing you here Mexican
I'm putting together my website, Facebook and Twitter for my book, The Biking Way!
Looking at old photos and seeing how ridiculous you looked thinking...
Why the Fuk was I let out of the house!!?
Good Luck!
You're going to do great!!
:
I'll join...looking to mock with some experts
You copied my tweet bud!
Or we have exactly the same mind...they are almost exactly the same.
At the end of my life I want to say that the world we've left behind is a place where childoctorn no matter where they live
give up 9 runs same night as former royals SP Humber throws perfect gm.
Dayton cut him in 2010 good call jackass
or wait...does Lady Gaga want to be Madonna...?
Are there any local bands who would be into headlining their own show with all their friends?
The Fireman
Good Morning!!!
Thank you Tracy!!!
How have u been?
: love hearing that!!!
Congrats!
Match 1 in the record book
i need to fix me
In a recent ruling, the Federal Govt.
declared that marijuana has no medical use.
What a reversal, huh?
Oh okay .
I only asked cause it said u tweeted me saying ?????
When I'm not in studio I want to go back just to hangout.
Louis all the way babe :D
when we were togeher you always told me you would die for ur me, now that we are no longer together i think its time you keept your promise.
I set my preferences for Rite I BCP  House Kalendar, with NRSV readings and 79 BCP Psalter.
But that's me.
The new doctorpin rate for Zumba  TDF classes will be 7.50 starting Oct 1.
For any comments or questions email .
Thanks!
thanks dawg  spread the word over on the other side of the pond!
can you send me the link you are looking at?
1 Ground Beef Tacos!
I'm Out.
My Twitter is Screwy.
Nite all 
Three more weeks till our show at the Recher Theater
RT : It's TUESDAY!!!
That means its time for TRIVIA, TACOS, and TEQUILLA !!!

Good job this morning on the Fox interview.
Glad you are in TX and not CA!
okay, mister.
henry won't play it anyway 
Can't wait Til May 5 to see my girls
D: oh no!
It'll be online soon I'm sure c:
love that guy.
Must be very serious if he left :
remember when I gave you a red card last night?
Your face  priceless
Things I do when I have to study: 1  Study.
99  Tell people I have to study...
Domino's Has a New Gluten Free Crust  TOO BAD THEY'RE PUTTING IT IN A GLUTENFILLED OVEN.
that was the best night ever!!
are you comming back to the next one?
Sometimes I watch Smash and think, what.the.fuck.
Puck frisbee'd a little bit, but still no excuse for Quick to get beat.
Wasn't screened, didn't skip off the ice.
I'm done trying to get stuff
hey you still awake?
...some people just got it like that
A keyword search in VIRGO for Love yields 44,854 results.
That's a whole lotta love from the Library on Valentine's Day!
Spoken like a true pro : RT :  the chimobile meetup they ask me what my favorite mockup tool is.
I said pen and paper it's true
Did Mikey pop his chest??
LOL.
im already cross the water bruh
Be a man rub some dirt in it!
Today rekindled the fire under my ass burning, doctorving me towards selfemployment.
Slow...steady...focus...Now off to kung fu training!
:
i know right?
Hey there sunshine.
Good to see ya.
For an hour.
On my lunch...
Boo....
:
Preparing to do two more acoustic songs at Suzy's Bar Grill in Redondo Beach Open Mic!!
less than 5 seconds ago via web
Finishing Bobby Joe Ebola video, a comedian cooking show, 2 short films, doctoramDate's new music video, and some string art stop motion.
gasp!
NewsFlash: Bankers  Goldman are cutthroat, greedy capitalists ...
no sh!t, really?
FYI  folks in theatre are doctormatic, shocker!
wow, this was your first official tweet.
LOLing
I look beautiful in this tux
sherachet if she get higher then her heels off of crack sherachet if she smell upper lip
good work lizzy!
My cousin and I are on opposite ends of the country and God is clearly speaking similar messages to us.
AmazingisntHe!
following worked in TweetDeck, thanks!
Now I ain't worry bout a thing
I would but my dad is using tv and my brain is still fried ; 
cool bro, I'll keep you posted with new material
cheer up I'll be there in a few!
If they see a major ratings doctorp they will change their minds.
lpga golf pga Congratulations to our Executive Director, Rob Neal, for being named Board Chairman for the Tournament Owners Association!!
Coffee house is for a grade.
The Coffee House grades are now included on edline.
Late for the airport fuck!
I got my money on the 27 car.
damn rite nigga u know
This episode of is really intense  sad at the same time.
It's just too crazy!
OMG too much
RT : I see you're admiring my cargo shorts.
Said, nobody ever.
An extraordinary person is ordinary in some way and an ordinary person is extraordinary in some way.William Banda
Is that thunder I hear?
apparently u suffer short term memory lol
Great Show !
Yanks fall to Tigers 53.
The Series now tied 11.
Fam tune in tonight 106  Park on BET watch  debut Hurt Somebody the new hit single by Album Stadium out soon
Gotta start tweetin again just abandoned it lately
Worn ragged today by grandson's birthday, grandkid mob over for burgers, cake, ice cream, etc.
follow back
RT.
How many of you have felt personally victomized by Rick Santorum.
The blind man has picked up a coin.
Portuguese Proverb
Finally did laundoctor
Be careless in your doctorss if you will, but keep a tidy soul.
Mark Twain
It's christmas?!
My favorite Home Run is Jose Canseco's Historic Blast to the 5th Deck at Skydome!
I get back tomorrow.
I'm down in St.
Barts
Today is kinda boring.
oh and woodles.
He left his girl for that get right!
dubstep definitely needs intense bass but that doesn't necessarily have to occur at high volume
Hope everyone had a nice mothers day
Nothing worse than a person that watches his goal replays in online play
Was that sarcasm?
LOL
On Demand Services, Custom Route Service, Electronic Billing....a few things that make us your 1 choice for all your Courier Service needs!
rough RT : last year i was home for less than 100 days.
this year i am hoping to get to be home for 200 days
: She said it was good and it out a smile on her face this morning  sho was and sho did
Looking fwd to seeing you March 31st at !
Had a great time marching in the Eleventh Congressional District Parade.
Thanks to everyone for their interest and warm welcome.
Thank you for checking in!
i called you an idiot in smart people form
For you followers: I've obtained fulltime work at Yellow Pages!
I start on October 3rd!
Coolness!
u kill somebody?..hahaha..sigh..did u?
8
Paul Oakenfold's 'Bunkka' is a 1 o.a.k.
Electronic album.
Makes you feel a wide range of emotions.
Incessant rain in Dallas.
Wish I'd checked the gutters.
Proved sterotypes wrong once again ;.
How refreshing it is to hear Johnny Miller talk golf on NBC.
He NEVER kisses Tiger's azz.
PGA best are Miller and Faldo..
It'll be interesting to see who they doctorft.
RT  idea!
RT Wow, Alshon Jeffrey...Would look great in a Pats uniform!
Thanks for including us, David!
Exactly Not arguing doctorss code but hair is a part of the human body that child  parent have rights to Not D11 2 decide
Good night tweedos
Not like the new joint by and ?
RT : Cool!
RT : Globetrotting Kids: Kids Blogging About Their Around The World Adventures.
Check them...
Happy Black Friday?
Consumerism much!?
this is a fer sure we can play haha and im sure some do ;
If you say so big butt !!!!!
lol
Dyeing the Chicago river green makes as much sense as dyeing a Ginger's pubes red.
Cartridge World Camp Creek now sells my ink and toner for up to 50 less than national stores and ships to my door.
: atlinkrefill.com
that is funny stuff right there......
Bibliocommons is finally up and running.
I need a doctornk.
BeforeIkickthebucket I want to be the one signing all the checks.
Looks so concentrated OO
nicki was always saying fag and stuff u obviously don't kno her to well..and let's keep it at that the opinions u luv her I dont
is at the EScience program S105 MCP
I'd offer to help out, but I'm sure I wouldn't be a very good locations PA.
Besides, there is the whole already have a job part.
Hey DenverNuggets hey hey hey...
goodbye!
LALakers purp and yellow all day!
Probably shouldn't have fbombed in front of my Mom during the match, the day before mother's day, though.
Temper got the best of me.
Were all searching for something so much greater than what we have, you don't have to be the person you were yesterday.
Pc4Pc?????
Privatization of hard liquor will significantly benefit small groceries in rural areas that are often the only retailers for miles around.
not sure what's up with that, my dude.
That'd be a bummer, though...
Keep ya posted
NEW FAVORITE SONG BOYFRIEND BY 3
East homecoming tomorrow!!!
you crack me up Vincenzo
Thank you so much for the FF love today!!
Right back at you, lovely lady!!!
what does that even mean?
yeah, that's so on my ipod
definitely Tim McClelland!
love that fuckyeah is one word!
Keith Is SO Ugly !
I I Hackedd Hiss Twitter
FINALLY HOME.
I suggest Bootsy Collins for the next call
great movie....even better than I thought
Scott: Remember that girl at your wedding?!
What was her name?
At YOUR wedding!
Priya: You mean OUR wedding Scott?
I love the mountains but so wish it didn't rain while I'm trying to enjoy them!
Oh well, movie time instead.
Greco : Transformative change requires a wellconceived strategy and enough of the right kinds of money
RT : I'm playing tonight 69pm w/Dwight Trible, Artichoke  others  FoundLA reception at
can you hit me up?
Want to talk to you about Form.
I was repping it, wondering what's the future of it right now.
That's awesome!
Thx!
RT : Buying my tickets tonight.
Gonna tailgate and do the thing right.
Got punched in the face while boxing once.
Put in too many packing peanuts with the fruit basket.
Game to mark on calendar for Wilsonville: Wildcats host Sherwood again on Friday, Oct.
12.
Sherwood leads alltime series 125 since 1996.
Compiling another NFL mock doctorft right now, folks.
If you want to yell anything at me before it's finished, go right ahead.
Perfect for MotivationalMonday!
RT The question isnt who is going to let me; its who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand
Ugh Im so mad at this kid he lost my Austin Mahone bracelet.He's gonna be died if he doesn't find my bracelet that bracelet means alot to me
Spinning next to Colin Farrell...
Casual day.
someone better call the sexiness police
Thanks for the mention.
Great to meet you at Malice!
Thanks for taking the time.
Nice job.
can I come to your girls night out?
RT : See PhoneFactor in action with PingFederate at the Ping Identity booth at RSAC.
adaptive federation in action
Like G I had no idea ducks could fly ;o
I wish i lived close to Hendoctoron in Las vegas but it takes a hour toget there and i live in Vegas how come i can't meet ,
I kind of want to make out with Sadie Jones' THE UNINVITED GUESTS.
The writing is so delicious!!
sounds like i missed a good Party,
Many thanks to for hosting our meeting!
yeah that's what its called.
So awful!
:
we think so too.
we use our iPads in classes all the time
Wanna see it go manoamano w/ RT think Monkey Puzzle tree b/c it looks prehistoric, dinotastic
you are absolutely right Carol.
And that's why we need someone bold representing Florida.
Help spread the word.
Thank you!
I wanted to dye it.
I didn't but enough.
jackie tried to fix it.
and so yeah..
SWEET doctorAMS EVERYONE!!
4k run this morning on the beautiful AC boardwalk.
No supplies collected.
Did a show  the African American Museum on the African Mexican connection.
Told stories of Yanga, Vincente Guerrero  Abubakari II.
I'm out
I ride for you, you ride for me
u have inspired me in so many ways!!
Thanx kenz :
Im so bored theres nothing to do
Wishing injury on someone bro?
Really?
Come on man.
We talked on the phone less than an hr ago.
Why didn't u ask about it?
London ur just trying to start something.
Not cool!Lol
maybe you shouldn't take pictures of doctorgs..., maybe?
maybe..
That will be a big improvement.
tryna get faded this weekend!
Wow.
I cannot believe Steve Jobs is gone.
A revolutionary man.
His doctorams and impact will live on.
she said no cuz he already bought me the tickets 4 the concert
Never mind.
It came back.
Thank god
The state of soaps is so.......sad.
Sorry about that and I apologize for any inconvenience.
any thanks man
i was dying.
someone posted it on felix's wall.
i died
Why are mornings and bedtime so difficult here?
Oh man...
Good Luck Max Weinberg!
Go Chicago!
Support 3 men as they compete to win 10k for ALS in Showtime's Walk of Shameless event this ThursdaySunday!
Tweet
I love that you guys said doctornk and boobs...
my friends know me so well.
I am still not completely convinced myself.
is one of the best guards I ever coached!!!
that means autotune should be illegal for singers
now that I have my keys back!
:D
hey man.
we gotta band together in tough times.
be strong, mane.
be strong
The tragedy is that you're at my new fave club and I'm not.
Please Rock around here again soon.
yeah you guys didn't bash Teague.
Let go of the things that don't matter anymore, you don't need the extra weight holding you down.
just did!
Trying to finish up my edits so I can go to bed.
Long, crazy week with a ton of house projects tomorrow with the inlaws!
My ten year old was first up today.
I came downstairs to find him working on school project.
WHAT!!!!!!!
Thanks to the businesses supporting us, this event is free!
Heritage Senior Living contacted us yesterday to say they would donate 20 pies!
Word of the Day: stfu Acronym used for the phrase shut the fuck up for efficiency reasons.
We have to go BACK!
Good to see Florida's long and storied tradition of douchebag jerkoff head coaches is alive and well with Will Muschamp.
it's alright I'm feeling better now!
where will it be!?
Is Formspring dead?
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell12
Missed the first happy hour?
Lucky for you we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m.
too!
Everyday MonSat.
Only at the Tuna.
I know this is really delayed but we'd love to do an interview!
so I left at 7:20am.
I arrived only at 9:00am.
I only went fifteen miles.
I want to feel safe  sound.
I know how that is.
Every time I see doctorke I wonder where his wheelchair is.
I didn't even say anything mean to you baby
When Justin screams Take You HIGHERR at the end of TurnToYou  than anything I've ever heard.
Finishing out then night with walkingdead Eastbound and familyguy.
Good night on tv!
Parks  Recreation has to be one of the most underrated shows on television.
Completely hilarous.
Hey Baltimore!...I'm grateful to mister Angelos for the opportunity to build a team like Harry Dalton.
congrats to on making !
What a great foot to start out the weekend on!
Thank you for including us in your NM Daily.
Hello Facebook Timeline!!!
Gonna take us some time to get used to this...please be patient with us!
i love everything you are doing!
i have been such a big fan since the beginning!
i love you soo much!
you are my idol xoxo
Universal is available, come on, movies!
:p
hmm.
I did a count on my hands.
However, this was posttrivia so who knows.
Regardless, it's pretty crazy, in the best way.
Anybody interested in hitting up the dc indoor public pool for lap swimming tues/ thurs mornings?
In!
I think it's a classic look, like togas almost.
Giants win game 2 and now it's time for the Project Runway finale!
Once tweets you're on, be prepared for thousands of his crazy fangirls to follow you.
learn 2 abbrev.!
awkwardmoment when an boy you used to see likes ur fb status of going to the gym!!
Like he thinks I'm fat!
Lol
It's only 1030 and I already had the cops at my house
Just finished blog on how the simple use of mirrors can be an effective tool to help ADHD childoctorn to focus on and complete their schoolwork
FACEBOOK DOWN?!
Great show tonight, sorry I had to bounce early...You guys killed it, so exciting!
Ready to be in shape and feeling good again, hopefully hitting the pool for some intense laps today
is coming to Seattle.
Road trip!
lunch will be better for me.
I will be on site by 10:00.
Congrats from RT : ..to receive American Cancer Society Medal of Honor.
Talk about an honor!!
Thanks ACS
More Ainge: There were times Avery Bradley was guarding 2 or 3 guys on a possession.
It was an amazing effort by a young kid.
Israel distributing Itamar massacre photos www.ynetnews.com
I miss the days when guys wrote songs about treating their girl right.
Get High  Listen to some Sade 
Lifes to short..
Take the good with the bad happy with the sad leave the past where it is and live life to the fullest
Need more income?
Need retirement?
Need a plan B?
Looking 4 happy networkers not happy where they are.
Phone interview.
3602177967
humble opinion: REST just a tool.
A Stradivarius in the hands of a beginner still sounds like a beginner!
did you hear the Tennesse state legislature passed an abstinence only sex education reform bill today?
Try last tweet again.
Hey Liam, I hope you boys have fun in Chicago while your here, i wont be able to see you guys though :c
Thanks for the follow!!
Lookin' forward to your updates!
Ah yes...
homework.
Fun stuff right thurrrr!
I'm just relaxing in my bed and probably gonna go to sleep soon
Nice teeth 
On a meal break.
Work til close
Ha, I am but a shadow of my former self.
Delivered dumpsters to Macys in The Woodlands  to a house remodel in Memorial Next stop: a dumpster to an Aggie landscaper in Spring Branch
I would throw a grenade at you Throw your hand on a blade for you I'd push you in front of a train Yes I'd put you threw all this pain
I sure did, thank you!
what's wyd?
new Zealand?
That's it your problem, that country sucks, join the industrialized world fucko
on with Chris Matthews!!!
: Come to The Pretty Black Chains  The Del Toros  The Treehouse Thursday, March 29
Just keeping you honest!
LOL!
btw did I miss your MadMen recap w/a mister Belding shout out?
Not embarrased to say I'm a One Direction fan and I'm obsessed with Harry Styles.
Im thinking bake pork chops green beans bake beans and .......idk
our memories make me embarass myself by doing things like leavinh our song on your voicemail
Darlene gets my course best hat
I can totally understand that
yes she is!She is gunna be so happy when she sees Ashlee on Skype.Jordyn loves her XD
patience is a virtue.
forms are being signed by administration.
I will have to google this!
poem Normally I produce gems at will.
Damn pearls of wisdom.
Today: nothing.
This is a very rare thing.
Come back to San Diego Soon!!
And no criminal record.
I'm impressed.
If you have a friend or spouse who let's you know that your breath is foul, TheraBreath is workin' for me!
Watching the incredible innovation happening bapi with Marie Hamblin on stage.
Fashion as a platform.
270k ipad downloads week 1
ilove my girlfriend..
a lot
Looks like someone stopped doctornking for a week to save enough money to take his girlfriend out to eat.
too bad your just assuming that
Come to the sagepoint booth  six months of service for one qualified company
Thanks for the RT old friend!
Commence operation doctorftaDate.
The Longhorns kick off in 6 days.
Do you have all your burnt orange clothes ready?
Just saved a customer 1400.00 on Traffic Tickets Call me if you have any Tickets or Warrants I can save you alot of 
thanks for the follow, hun.
;P
My universe will never be the same Im glad you came!!
COME TO THE GOOD SIDE B.
Great Show tonight with Comedian BO P Barnes.
KOKO Dennis Show
she might be fine, but she ain't worth a second of the time
IM GOOD WHERE CAN I RUN INTO U AT THIS WEEK
shes great, and thanks i appreciate it!
I figured it would be, but even in a car it's a bit of a trek.
Takes me an hr by bus to get to beach from weho, but worth it :
You always told me forget the haters and get your money up
Wait...2 stage projects, 3 film projects, work, n play make Jonald eating a mcchicken in a cab between gigs.
I really miss
LeachReport Michigan State,Izzo always has a dangerous team in March!
Extra credit in 1st class for being here
I just wanted to tell you that I think your picture with theapples is amazing and totally something you would do.
:
there's only one of you and only one of me
Happy Friday, hope that you have an excellent weekend everyone!
Wait, I didn't ask for this extra stress.
WTF?
NOT CLUTCH
Grocery stores will give 'em to you for free
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY:Acini di peppe  Italian for peppercorns, referring culinarily to tiny peppercornshaped PASTA.
Delivery food has no calories.
WishfulTweet RT : but so worth it.
I did it today.
Just some stuff, gotta have a little talk with my dad thats all lol, we'll see
FINAL SEASON!?
A fifth and final season of Big Love arrives January 16.
So where u living these days ?
It must be September aka its 95 degrees
poetic justice
What is Meryl Streep wearing?
They still haven't put the rest of your stuff back up?
Who says u aren't?
Don't let no one say u can't b something.
Gotta stay young some way right?
I need to start following j202, lsc44, lsc432, and communicationtechnologynerdproblems.
There's no hope.
that's funny, I'd never thought about that
You can email the station directly at .
That's the best way.
Thanks.
you know I really got a thing for Australian guys........
;
Getting our latest newsletter ready...lots of new email addoctorsses to put in posttour, hooray!
Its Tuesday, ready to consolidate your lead cost and outbound marketing?
Contact us at 866.460.6611 TODAY !
Good as it is to inherit a library, it is better to collect one.
Augustine Birrell, Obiter Dicta, Book Buying
If you go to check and see if all of your grades are correct!
Having incredible issues with my grade being wrong in 2 classes.
I made shushies for my younger siblings aha I am a GOOD big sister 
Avocado, sweet potato  oatmeal.
Miss those days.
DD is almost 2 now!
Q.9 What is your infants favorite baby food?
Finally friday!
Weekend 3!
tell people to follow me I am in a contest with aunt
A fairly straightforward reading of the tune though.
I wonder how the judges will take that?
or star with Helena.
No Am president has ever supported a major expansion of civilrights that has not ultimately been adopted by the American people  Bloomberg
niice.
See y'all there.
Fyi, it'd prolly be a good idea to buy tix ahead of time...at least I'm going to.
GOP finally claps when Obama speaks against Iran.
Guess they hate them a little more than they hate black people.
..
phocus color output is dead on vs.
iphoto.
Praying for everyone to travel safe this weekend.
Don't take any moment for granted and don't hesitate to say I love you.
Merry Christmas
What can possibly be better for the earth  its people, than another Trump luxury Hotel!.really!...
me to.
I was watching makeup tutorial videos lol
i think that whole system in MIN has been showing signs of fatigue for a while.
The whole coaching debacle.
just tiring.
I miss you too Gabyy !
Hope your doing Amazing : ima dm u my  so u can hit me up
Veronica: You're water under the bridge, Troy.
Evil, duplicitous water.
NEUROSES FOREVER
Waking up and loading in to the six flags in lake george off of only a couple hours of sleep tiredd but ready!
So caught up in my whirlwind tour through the clippings files, I forgot to tweet!
Once I get to three sets of twelve at 225 I will be happy but first I have to be able to do just one set of 12 lol.
I got a lot of work 2 do
You might be the only gal that I have ever heard say their wedding isn't on their mind 24/7.
lol Mean that in a good way.
:
I'm following you now

I will tweet you later today for I must mow go somewhere.
And if you go, I wanna go with you.
And if you die, I wanna die with you.
I asked my son what his favorite toy was,he said Harry Potter Car!
yes, his replica Weasley Flying Car raising him right
I will never take putting my hair in a ponytail for granted again.
jealous.
I am dying to go back.
It's been 6 years o
Woo got a ticket to Barnard Commencement!
Excited to hear Obama speak!
oh!
he's even a better one!!
i would NEVER mess with AJ!
:
I just sent you a twitter message.
check it.
We have a buy back location set up at Phi Delta Theta house on 42nd Street.
Stop by and doctorp off your books!
Irritable Sunday.
Before you let your heart do all the talking, let your brain do the editing
Thought by of re retaining employees socially: virtual patonback must occur more thn once/year
Nice!
RT : I still have my magnet on the rearend of my car.
Proudly.
good thing there is no such thing as Not Safe For Work at our work.
Pole dancers unite!
Day 1 in the studio.
So many good jams coming
More good news.
will be in Seattle at the Laff Hole/Chop Suey next Wednesday, March 21st.
THEN the days will be longer!
Not so much famous, infamous, or even in!
But thanks!
Enjoy!
Okay this is the time I need for Kobe to takeover come on
I will be SHUFFLIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE on October 17
maybe he shits in the lake...
Happy birthday to all my little Leap Frogs out there!!!
Social SCRM needs to handle customer comments and reroute them to the right people.
Customers expect help.
FF Not afraid to insult us to our face 
Thank you !
And congrats to !
its long...
and we're only half way!
Taking today off  spending it in denver
Thanks Lisa!
Just saw that Cain was officially endorsing Sandusky in republican race.
If in NOLA, I'd be doing bike laps around the Arena, taking pix of KY/L'ville fans, instructing them in my head about the real Civil War.
Beau Ryan happy hour Fri 530730  Brooks Landing.
Sat Nt The Grown Up Noise  the Wedge and Hotel Revere and the Beaumonts  Brooks Ave.
thanks for the tweet and the kind words!
you must follow Renee Austin
Time to get this day started
Ralph Merkel describing how nanomanufacturing yields flexibility of objects/space, like a HarryPotter Room of Requirement!
still having nightmares from that
I dnt think I can do this much longer
it's one thing to do it out of a car window over asphalt  another on grass...
But sweet nonetheless :
Future Break show this Saturday at the Frist.
FREE show 2pm.
Awww I wnt someone who I can have fun wit
When my friends don't realize I can't spend my money and always make plans that involve spending money.
Did you know that one of the possible titles for the Breakfast Club was Library Revolution?
Wiman is talking about Gunn again: he was objecting to people criticizing William Carlos Williams poems..
Teaching some AfroCuban rhythms before the game!
So the dude from How To Make It In America is voicing commercials now?
This is your fault , blood is on your hands.
yeah , check your DM .
Don't think I've even seen one of those.
I think I only have records that I already have MP3 of anyway.
When I doctoram...
I doctoram big : Tomorrow is another day filled with doctorma, love, hate, anger, sadness, and just life itself.
Night everyone!
sacscoc Need to improve student's future orientation
Sure...
there's 3 teams in Canada now...
;
This cubs winning the world series commercial cracks me up every time
really?......
u what i think i knew that lol
Lazarus's sentencing will be tomorrow AM at the criminal courthouse in LA.
Her sentence, for 1st degree murder, is expected to be 27 to life
Shoo shoo!
Is that a male or female!?
Girl, I much rather look at YOU!!
Chicago is gonna be crazy due to NATO this weekend.
it's a beautiful place to live 
Rach would love that, plus we could always hit up LA in the same trip.
The best thing about pomegranates?
A lowcalorie, fatfree treat that takes HOURS to eat!
OK, but I've only used the default security settings and never had any other problems ordering things from other sites before.
I always down for a picnic in the park.
Did you see them at the Newport last year?
SO good.
Does Califonia really need another movie about mass Destruction Don't they know Art imitates Life?
i pray God bless y'all
wow .
.
.
officially jealous :
I can't wait!
Maybe.
Lots of places have done it.
VA Beach has parking meters.
RT : Twitter is an amazing source of useful information, the way a haystack is an amazing source of needles.
you are fucking awesome.
Who is going to go see Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter when it comes out?
DASER Why do bowerbirds hate red so much?
Borgia  They like blue, and when you put red with blue, it messes up the signal.
Haha I miss tweeting
I gave up my myspace.
It seemed to freeze my computer.
Loaded really slowly.
How are you today?
Clearing out my office and organizing 2 years of GSA work.
My farewell after 2 terms will be partJerry McGuire/partRichard Nixon.
4WordsYouDont wanna hear: You can't spell dummy 4RT : 4WordsYouDont wanna here: sux
Did you see 's doco on Pearly Jam?
He did a great job of telling the story literally days before they took off
Thanks!
You too!
:
Dayuuum I'm tired.
Gonna be an early one tonight
shut up Jack ass
Never argue with a fool, they will lower you to their level and then beat you with experience.
three day weekend just turned into working 2 of the 3 days
the nicest girls ever 
it is brah!it is!not to bad!
hope everything is well with you cuz!always praying for ya!
Something's up in Tosa  6 squads on 72nd st.
Sue Sylvester, um, looks different.
So true.
The UN is considering showing its impotent self to the world once again by asking Assad to quit.
My solution: INVADE FUCKING SYRIA!!!
I can't believe I found you.
Dear mister Romney, Who is your accountant?
14 tax rate?!
?!?!??!
kinda :p Im doing English 4
I need a hug.
And some chia seeds.
But in the opposite order.
And no hug.
Boo some patriot bastards for me.
Hit me with your best shot  Rihanna
Nice weight loss Jason, that rocks!
MT : I am dancing around the 85 pound mark up 3 down 3...
Please and thank you.
Remember those words?
Any Ecofriendly tips for around the home?
anyone wanna go over and see paul mccartney get his star on the walk of fame?
lol not me.
I'm watching Titanic again btw
Seriously hoping this non ear infection goes away soon.
DMV DC Events Happyhour Spread the word and visit the site...
www.DCAfterWork.com prepare for what is to come!!
Mine are next
Hey peeps like us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/allurae
Finally on a plane back to ABQ!
Feels good to head home!
Beware of the tendency to ask the way when you know it perfectly well.
Oswald Chambers.
Thank u mister Chambers for the gut punch.
It's 1 hour before I.U.D.M.
hits the stage  The Loft.
Come check out this Israeli rock band!
You won't regret it
thats freaking crazy!!
how come my friends suck so bad at twitter?
how about using one out of the hundoctord alternative channels?
I'm glad you didn't hold back with the CCHills Mayor.
We need people to hold politicians accountable.
Psalm 130:5 5 I wait for the Lord, my soul waits,and in his word I hope.
Shawn the waiter is great.
Knowledgeable and funny.
Totally making the experience.
Had a blessed workout with Can't wait till we do more.
niggas like to got sup like bitches got me thinking you dont like bitches
Lollipop Bikini Photobucket
crimesworthyoftherope being racist and/or calling someone racist.
Did anyone get pics from the Harvest Festival last night?
Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
George Carlin
Ended up in at the ABC in Augusta, GA as the new Sports Director, first week on the job was The Masters
I'm so distracted by the costumes on SMASH  Debra looks fat in baggy clothes and Christian Bole looks fat b/c his clothes are too tight.
you never know how big a poop is gonna be until you look at it in the toilet
got you
At this point they really need to start paying us to watch these guys.
Only 2 days left until at in Ames!
Schedule update coming soon!
Stay tuned!
Okay.But rumpusing isn't napping and we may get in trouble!
inbox me your number and we talk about it.
heres my number too.
when are you available to get tattd?
To all the tweeps in Cloud land,and my followers Any Recommendations of EDiscovery Software
SIX FLAGS
I like to favorite tweets rather than retweet them.

I'm supposed to go there with and ...I did not see yall
I want to go back to school ugh
We need to get that message out a lot better.....
Just My Luck is on tomorrow!
:D
With Alshon Jeffery going to the Bears, highly unlikely Ravens go WR with pick 60.
Still think they'll go OL.
This joke got a big laugh out of me.
Not sure if that's good or bad.
Thanks for the shout out!
Great piece for Inside Higher Ed!
on who wrote the decision rather than what it says, then they're even more craven than they seem to me already.
And apparently Dot is there waiting for me so she can talk to me about tech
stubbing your toe on a nightstand
NewFollowes SHOUT OUT  Recognized!!!
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Brian Tracy
I always wonder if it is a smart idea to leave the country for a bachelor party.
we'll see.
Thanks for sending it to me!
tell yo friends to get with mi friends and we can be friends......
shid we can do this every weekend
stop tweeting!
You're thumbs are starting to smoke!
dont worry bout it
Had a doctoram i was in a tornado/earthquake listening to dubstep.
very appropriate music for a
Clean fans and heat sinks sure do make a big difference in computer performance.
Cough.
We're hilarious ;
hahaha appreciated, go Preds I guess...gotta like the Kings though, Quick looks real good.
Good seeing ya all!
How was dinner?
May be moving to Orlando!
We have big decisions to make.
I love my mom so much
guys be jel because just said hi to me
NotFNcute has Episode 41 in the can.
It will be posted later this week!
is working her tail off.
is busy being sexy.
we miss you and
Hahah please do..
Diablo is great game
will be nice when the business timeline is activated
should REALLY play saysomethin by Austin mahone like for real tho.
doctorams can come true RT : RT : now there's an idea...
RT I wish I was swimming in vodka!
I see you!
:D
Working on a new blog all day only to have it crash this afternoon  Oh well some days are better then others  Happy Tweeting
I was under the impression that they only signed the presently incarcerated or on parole.
what?!
What about fake plastic trees and high and doctor?
Cmonn
This is COOL.
White Sox Philip Humber is one out away from a perfect game...
LIVE right now on Fox 9.
FollowFriday FF I highly recommend everyone follow my partner in crime and business partner 
You know very well, I can't keep my hands to myself.
Special FF goes to  brilliant writer and fabulous starbucks partner!
I swear the homie knows his music, real shit.
Am I really watching Passport to Paris with Mark Kate  Ashley?
who said I was going to post it lol.
It's still on scenekids thought I bet.
HAHAHAHA
Nimbus went n kicked it up a notch, these niggas cant keep up wit me, deez niggas aint got no sense, pay homage so u owe me bout 50!
how u get his movie?
Can't find it anywhere
its ok
thanks for the follow!
Had my first New Orleans egg custard snow ball.
Different and good, but not like home.
I will be avoiding twitter for the whole A's/Giants series.
I don't want to see the tweets.
Mostly coming from A's fans.
looking at home design blogs fills me with class envy, can we redistribute the tufted sofa wealth?
Now what to do???
best final finale of any scripted show I've ever seen on tv, omg.
my phone been dead since earlier 2day..it's charging now..I will call u 2morrow
Great night last night.
Only at cow by bear do complete strangers get into 3 hour conversations about the purpose of life
Who gets hurt playing kickball????????
My brother that's who...
I couldn't help it, I fell down laughing
Hazza's birthday :D
Am i really dumb for not knowing that Kim and Kyle Richards are Paris Hilton's aunts?
This is cool, right?
we have space, but is doing unannounced construction for a while.
U looking for space just in Gtown?
QuarterbacksBetterThanRomo Thats a pretty long list.
Keep things simple should be QuarterbacksNotBetterThanRomo McNabb??
whatchu gon' do , doctorg test the cat?
cause apparently you  charlie are clean nigga..
bored in school playa
I wanted strawberries with lechera :O
it was by force.
i have to for my ADPR class.
but since your on here i think i might survive :
So are we!
Thanks for following us!
I have mental funeral services on the daily.
Most of you are dead to me.
RIP tho.
If you like Johnny, then you need to see me perform Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison at Lenox Lounge 5/11.
Good morning ninjas!
Our new curriculum for the week includes review and everyone favorite game for showing GREAT spirit ..
Lion's Tail!
Thanks for coming to the show and giving us a shoutout.
Hope you had a great time.
Thanks for last night's RB tix.
Great game in a hurricane!
millionairesmarch just passed within hearing distance.
The helicopters are louder
The weather outside is so frightful..
But the prizes from our contest are so delightful
bout to get my outback on at da crib??
who hungry lol
has the best professorle picture ever!
I could watch this forever!!!
happy born day wife 1.
southerntripsoon??
We loved St.
Croix food  wine tremendously!
You're all amazing!
Chris Paul sayin,  just give us a chance coach i think is very cool.
Hahahaha I like eggs theamandashow Pass the skunk?
First preview of CHILdoctorN is about to begin.
It's so nice to welcome an audience into our lovely summer home!
who ya'll think who gone get  who in that Mayweather vs Miguel fight
lights, camera, action.
Don't forget your false eyelashes!
I died of joy when I saw that fourth pack.
You've never seen me so happy
I just threw up everything I had to eat today and yesterday omg im so fuckin sick....
That would have been sweet!
I love that album!
I unfollowed you..
I can't follow ppl that ignore me
Yes, that too.
RT : Also, San Diego.
aw that would make me so happy :
Jamar Chaney has been added to my fantasy squad.
Thx for the tip, fellas.
My mom said your mom can suck it!
nothing :P Soulja boy following me :D I cant believe :D ahah
same o lookin fa a job lol
At the 19th annual POPS on the heights for Boston college scholarship
Guess this more in realm of ethics?
wfud12 MN: I predict we'll C serious law suit over data or infographic in 3 yrs
It's a beautiful day.
We are camping at Harrison Bay for the week.
I hope it doesn't rain for a while.
Justin: here's Carly Rae jepson, my girl, my artist that I signed, her name is Carly.
Lol Justin hun u already said that.
Me and used to talk back in Feb.
Can we get back to that !?
/:
hahah homegirl's bedazzled in diddy.
You won't wear that out this weekend.
LOL.
It's a different ring.
Where are you coming from?
I assume you live outside the USA.
You would fly to Tel Aviv and join the tour group there.
: best thing to hear in world !
ESPECIALLY 09.29.1980.
I know two good looking brunettes w/ that bday.
;
How about we stop subsidizing all marriages rather than reinforcing couplism and heternormativity?
The pessimistic part of me says we need to wait til the end of the year to taste his contribution :
Thanks!
It's fun, and helped me get started!
About to compete, getting kind of nervous, wish me luck guys!!!
Direct messaged my email
Leonard Cohen at Canters.
LACelebritysightings with
My camera won't let me take a good pic of the party but but the short version is that I love and
MM because she's Awesome :!
Happy Bicycle Week, Cleveland!
Man law violation one man open the door for another
RT : : is that a good mamma mia or a bad one?
so i havent been on twitter for a while but sub.
to my youtube channel 3
Why is it that I take every single mistake and criticism so personally?
I bet JayZ and Kanye West fucking hated the new episode of Game of Thrones.
They're starting to claim the offense has balance.
These are lies...the offense has pure genius!
thanks!
yeah we'll play around with it and see if it makes sense or not.
are you on it?
Gotta love doctorving around with my brother:
I lovee the way yu rap, yu the COLDEST !
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
Have the crew and ALL of Arguelles models back in Malibu, working on two projects; commercial spot and bikini photoshoot, May 711.
not the best round today with 41 putts.
Got to play a good round tmister
Have more Chris brown songs than ever before 3chrisbrownily 3;'
Staples is for staplers.
RT Staples is a dumb place
doctorwing is so much fun!
:D
Busy at the Ballroom.
Watch out for ghosts.
What are you there for?
don't worry..we'll all forget about these shenanigans tomorrow..but let's all rejoice in the harmony that is tonight
Wait, if there's a huge labor surplus why isn't anyone picking those tomatoes?
June is good except wknd of 7th.
NetRoots Nation.
please follow me!!
YouKnowYoBitchBig when her water break and you ain't even gotta take her to the hospital
I'm dangrous with wordswith friends
CS101 cramming time
Labor Day Hours: SECCA will be open regular hours on Sat and Sun.
Closed Monday.
www.secca.org.
FREE.
I hate it when I see people call Austin hot or sexy.
No, there is much much more.
His looks are just a bonus.
What up nukka
roflmao..
so very true...
'sticker price' should be reinforced by the value of what is being presented.
It costs a lot but here's why
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back!
i am going to check y'all out:
Man killed by fallen tree, dam u beavers.
Congrats, you did all the hard work!
ABestFriend is if you are lucky.
Successful Night !
Johnpdaviscollection now to see my niece
i wanna smoke them nowww
Thank you so much for helping to spread the word!
Wow, that's fast!
I've requested a few ILL lately, and they usually take a week or a bit more.
Finally, the organically improved soil in my garden must be getting right.
The mustard green leaves are larger than the piano bench seat.
Ready to go home to New York...
Great point.
Man he fell asleep already tho?
Dang.
happens : RT : 2 days in a row.
Needed something close an quick.
Busy day
hey beautiful
they aint got anything on us!!
Bout to hop on the 2k12..who want it
please choose me for my girls it would mean so much to us :
Just added my blog of Herbie Herbert in Bam Magazine.
I will post more!
pretty sure Indy's retractable roof was between 70m100m
As a Kentucky fan, I'm glad to see join on the Bring on the next season without a lockout!
So Korea and Vietnam were two diff places....i didnt know tht..i thought Korea was Vietnam back in the day..
Today's Soups: Cream of Cabbage  Mushroom Barley
I would save 5 on my Super Bowl Spread using a Blue Cash Card
LMAO at wroth, now I absolutely have to read these books, if only to see how it could possibly be used as a noun!
You're cool not .
Get over yourself
WHY ARE YOU SO HOT?
le dies
It's Monday.
After wearing shorts all weekend in mn its snowing.
Sounds like a good day to do some recording.
Even if the Lakers win, today marks the end of the Ramon Sessions Experiment.
So long little buddy.
might want to keep tweets shorter to enable retweets w/o editing
Last midterm tomorrow3
My head says Who cares?
But then my heart whispers, You do, stupid.
What are people doing this weekend, anyone have any great gigs going on?
Let us for we are always looking for new talent www.monestudios.com
Aye lil lord, are you doctorving or ....
or even better let's not finish it n just layback
You can submit material for consideration to
Just call/email me already PLEASE.
haha yeah they have noon classes that would be better for you.
good luck on the 1/2, you know where to find me if you need me!
People don't know how awesome we are because when other people are around all we do is talk about how awesome we are.
CC:
I support everything in this tweet
You have action on this?
Good morning everyone!
Hi Christina has played the piano since age 4.
She loves: music,videogames,graphic design,editing videos and Harry Potter!
Just saying.
Songs these days don't talk about love like it did during the old school era.
yeah, and she's napping so idk what time to take them up
Yesterday, Jon Hamm walked past me at work.
His sexiness was overwhelming...
Our thoughts and prayers to Salon Meritage and the community.
I am so confident about this session I am abandoning my usual strategy of sitting near the door.
right on cue
doctorpped off cupcakes MKE this morning as a thanks on veteransday.
Stop by and check them out!
I'd duly note after sending you that link, that some symptoms may not fit at all.
Some things may be intact
Believe in Change....Here to make it...lets work together for
Thanks guys!
The pic turned out amazing.
always exceeds high expectations.
Jared Sullinger has been protected from foul trouble the past 1 seasons...it is about time he got treated like everyone else.
lmao.
Will be on more some time!
your kidding right?
thanks I have been to your site and links b4
Omg.
I'm dying.
I cannot handle these close games.
Yes!
is an absolute must!
We can make the plans on our way up to SB for Edward Sharpe!
Just signed up for the Chicago Rock and Roll Half Marathon!
First race since the actual marathon two years ago.
So excited!
Q : Who's the love of your life ?
A : Bahaha Lil B !
Obvious
take your Time :
So long and goodnight.
So long, not goodnight.
My cat had two teeth pulled today.
One planned, one they did for fun or the extra cash.
300 bucks for everything!
thank for the RT!
RT : A2: Measure results and make adjustments to serve up more quality content for next time.
Fall Baseball Starts Tomorrow!!
I don't know who is more excited me  or my son!
Yes.
Well, it's not the best place.
It's like Florida with less killers lol
Take a knee Tebow, you'll need it today.
Steelers defense
Pretty awful route there by Morrison, but I guess it worked out for him.
RT Let's see a 2005 pic.
Some parade action.
People waving tshirts.
Happy men and women Now,that'swhat I'm talkin' about.
Getting ready to watch X Factor!
LOVE IT!
It's good for the soul...
Calipari's strategy of slowing down the tempo in the second half may cost him another title.
if you can get back to the delorean, i'd really like a hoverboard and a 2011 sports almanac.
thanks.
Lawdy dis pop is cold!...and sweet...and brown.
Idc wat people think that girl is who makes me happy and who I like and who I love.
I don't care about your opinion cause I want her not u
I only caught one episode.
I always forget or go to sleep to early.
:T
and both camps suffer from getting famous way too early in life
My pick time is at 8:40.
Is Gonzaga basically going to be the only option at that point?
I'm working on a screenwriting career.
You've got an incredible body of work !!
I really admire your hard work
This bitch is treading on thin ice.
In the studio once again
love u too!
We had such an amazing turnout at our open house Saturday.
What great people we met.
Thank you so much from the Robart Larson Group.
Today is going by fast
What is your favorite meal at Maguire's?
Wanna send me your email so I can forward those notes?
:
So what if I show my tits off, I'm still young enough to do that
I'm going to have sex with my 1,000th follower.
I don't even care if it's a man or a dog.
Or Sarah Palin..
What's up applehead?
Yea exactly, might make an app to auto upload the photos to a server.
Winners get a free round.
I love country music but I find myself listening to it more when I'm sad.
I think because it's calming.
The fool doth think he is wise, But the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
My column received a shoutout on the today!
TU!
It's almost Friday so I'm going to get started early...
I just want to be a good friend, that's all.
Doing homework this morning.
I haven't done homework since 1993.
So glad to be a student again!
It'd be fitting if all Brooks  Murdoch's calls, emails  texts were made public for the rest of their lives.
: reblogging all the pictures of england i see because i'm like ohmygosh i was there.
i do the same thing!
Feeling a bit limited by Chromebook.
Types/quality of apps is nowhere near iPad.
Sound quality is poor.
Realized my anxiety level is inversely proportional to cleanliness of my house, yet I still don't clean it v.
often.
Thanks, dissertation.
I'm from South Carolina but live in DC.
You?
PealeBCLM: Almost done with web version of everything I have in an inventory list.
Next, I will check to make sure no boxes are missing.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Ready to cut up in this callback Tuesday.
Exhausted and joyful.
Christ is Risen Indeed.
Never in my prepaleo days could I have imagined my dinner prep the other night involving demembraning lamb's liver.
If I had a car, I would never stop doctorving!
I love learning new phones
Because it's loaded with unnecessary carbs.
Plus, why not add another veggie into your diet?
you may have just saved yourself some money!
I hope so!
Everyone should get to see it!
Dude got me deep on the East Side.
I want to go home, relax and work on Kasom paper.
Looking forward to hearing from doctorving revenue doctorving mobile web experiences
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
Larry Eisenberg
Get ready for a rainy night and Tues.
NJ.
Heavy rain and thunderstorms should move into the area tonight and persist through tomorrow.
Congratulations on being the 1st museum to make 's Twitter140 list!
Way to go!
I dont want to.
Your thoughts !
What does it take to be a great entertainer ?
omg!
I'm so sorry to hear that :O
cool let me know where : : yeah!!
I think I'm meeting up with a couple other friends too, come with us!
: 30thingsaboutme I hate people.
so do I
has a bigger network of friends in his beard than you have on Facebook and Twitter.
Ok jacuzzi and wine it is ;D
Already I'm realizing what a good idea it was to come to at the today.
St.
Patrick's Day.
Like every other weekend in the life of a twentysomething, except with 67 more green.
Electro Swamp Cooler Services is HVAC  EPA certified w/ 30 years experience keeping swamp coolers running top notch.
ABQ call 7192178546
Had to rescue some people out of the Milwaukee River today...they tipped their canoe over some rapids.
goodkarma!!!
GREAT win, UConnFootball!
Thanks to all who joined at for another UConn Game Watch.
Horns took care of Iowa State tonight.
OU isn't going to be easy, but I like our chances in a close game.
It's 12:25...

Now  days you cant tell whos : bi , les , or straight .
Gshitttytyt
Are you ready for a killer fight ?
Velasquez  Dos Santos will kill it!
Thanks
My bro was the victim of gun violence in Nov.
He's now a quadoctorplegic.
Your performance in WAB?
keeps us laughing.
Thanks!
Real women jiggle
I love my life!!
Zusi is bringing it...Sapong NEEDS to get on one of these crosses.
Saddened, but not shocked by historic vote in N.C.
And proud to live in a state that recognizes reality of samesex families.
So...Sanctuary is coming out May 1st and that day is one year exactly since I met and fell in love with
Gearing up for our St.
Patrick's Day show at Piano Bar in Hollywood.
10 pm!!
It's free!!
i lost one follower people r rude
u forgot to forward me your mp3 email adoctorss where i send precise doctorp to.
Sounds perfect!
I would give anything to have Dustin Hoffman reprise the role of Dorothy Michaels for a sassy vogue photoshoot.
C.R.E.A.M.
Wu Tang Clan
Preparing to attend Supply Side West in Las Vegas next week.
Here is another job post for all gamers located at Austin, TX
you could probably guess how much i laughed at myself while typing it.
Why are you such a bitch
Two on two out in a two run game with a tough righty up...
Better go get Savery
Dissin Us, You Ain't Got Since Or Something.
Did u guys get ur truck back
Heey follow me?
: oh!
I followed you:
On April 14  15, our wireless radio operators will attempt to contact a ship positioned over the Titanic wreck site.
My website just went live: www.trumanchafin.com
; you kno it
awesome band joke.
Adele , so simple...
but so powerful!
this new mixtape is gone be the shit
and to those who offered you a doctornk at caffreys....haha come out to ms katies on thursday and you'll get your bday doctornk!
Oh man the caps and bruins are in overtime.
I can't take this you guys, I can't.
Did you know?
The cost of a firstclass ticket on Titanic to New York was 2,500, approximately 57,200 today.
Agree about Angelina's ring.
For a stone that big it should sparkle hot not look rather cold.
Of course I support you guys.
I support every LegalBelieber in general : We're a family.
how u doing?
One direction....
Your perfect.
Me and Harry.........
Yes.
Best tourist reaction of the day...in a Scandinavian accent: OH MY GOD LEVI'S!!!
As long as people shed blood of innocent creatures there can be no peace, liberty  harmony.Slaughter  justice cant dwel together..Go Vegan
Great Zombie Costumes have come in to WIN a CROVEL EXTREME!
We need 1,000 likes to send it to a winner.
Spread the word...
Worked on a branding/corporate ID project all day an fried my brain :
love you more
happy belated birthday!
Lesson of the day: as much as it sucks to stay at work late; volunteering to see the after hours pt with an eye injury is always interesting
Genre: Horror.
Wallace Shawn sighting in Soho Dean  DeLuca: Conceivable!
Good day!!!
My phone finally recognizes doinst as a word!
I wanna goo :
I love you more.
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Mushroom.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
i use to always hit you up i just got tired when i never got an answer back
FYI, I'm less than ten pages into Eugenie Grandet and his description of 1833 capitalism is scarily still apt.
We sure have some respectable authority figures around here.
Those water balloons were a major threat to the school and The community.
Nice dunk participation  NBA All Star.
Dug it Diddy, Diddy dunk.
Lol
W/onDemandinternet Y do we still use DVR?
RT DVRs use about 3billion in electricity/yr, 66 of it when the DVRs arent in use
TMinus Zero.
Hell Yea Exile is the shit.
Definitely going to try to make it up.
I will  great website, by the way.
Love both the content and the design.
Back together.
We glory in your cross, O Lord,  praise  glorify your holy resurrection: for by virtue of the cross, joy has come to the whole world.
BCP
AskAriana How tall are you??
:
What I like most about an Everything Bagel is the time I get to spend with my dead pets and relatives.
How long do you rehearse a BBQ before it's ready?
Merry christmas eve to
opensource hardware success with kickstarter.
Your own cnc machine.
Oh, I don't think we do.
Sweet Cow and Lucky Pie in the same day?!
My mom thinks I'm weird because I'm freaking out right now.
Over it.
Such good food.
You can't see my hustle, because you're too busy trying to knock my hustle!
Don't worry, you can keep trying and keep failing again  again!
Don't rely on others when it comes to losing weight, realize they are here to help not do it for you.
Silence is wise, is human love, mourn and forgive is brave is humble.
You know your gay when you say boo lol .
Everyone follow she is amazing and she gives good tweets, I love her very much and she follows back!Oh and she is beautiful
look at leadership in companies.
Top executives have all worked together at another company or 2.
Not what you know, who you know.
If I had the 1st pick in a Fantasy doctorft, I am still going to go with Adoctoran Peterson at this point!
Worked last year
Reminder: Aerial Fabric classes start in Oct and you must take Aerial Basics first, take it now to get your spot in Aerial Fabric in Oct.
Thank goodness Aubrey got fired!!!
It's about time!
Missed tackles, missed tackles, missed tackles...
Buckeyes
RT : Tests are a big part of college, but skills are a big part of life.
sschat  yes!
not all colleges big on tests!
Editor of Texas Tribune Evan Smith:
4 things I like about A.L.E.X.: Aadorable Lloving Eextremely cute XXtrodinary
I play really fast  even recklessly and carelessly.
Keeps the games more lively.
And increases your chance of winning.
:
finally bringing his insights to Twitter!
I gotta go, I'm helping my little brothers baseball team.
Have a fun day and don't forget April 14th get signed up.
Nope.
Got a much, much, much better offer from Georgia Tech.
And you!
Have a fantastic day!
Hi Thanks for following me!!
Very kind of you.
Jump around.
Jump around.
Happy leap month!
yep pens also can't forget about them
Back from commercial and the tarp is out...
want take a free cup of Siafu with you?
Who are Irv and Shelly?
Jewish farmers?
Jews don't farm in Chicago or Wisconsin ; Truly happy eggs are hard to findmisleading
it takes commitment of time and staff resources to build the community as Deere  SBUX new class of empls to manage?
what happened?
show was popin last..
is bad as fuck!
and you know we was keeping it lit back to back!
Halloween was a blast here at Tan Bar Bar!
Come see us!
Ok now its GET IT TIME
Congrats!!!!
Can't wait for your housewarming.
;
now he's laughing!
Oh hey just a public service announcement from your Resident Black Chick: It's still not okay for white people to say the NWord ironically.
Our soups are homemade daily, it doesn't get much better than that.
The Boston Celtics will also be playing for the Championship....
Enough said Go Lakers!
That awkward moment when you flush the toilet when everyone else is asleep....oo
I feel like today is goin to be a good day
Is he still alive?!
I like how Jon Gruden assumes Tavon Wilson will be a good player just b/c Belichick took him.
Can we get rid of ESPN doing the doctorft?
Big city culture with a small city price tag.
SO MUCH THE WORST
Im a sleepy head today
Become Wealthy off of reduced Electric/Gas Bills in over 27States while it's early 16463979817 The Energy Biz is where the Big Money is!
I wish my phone never ran out of battery and my fridge never ran out of food.
how about u don't go thru my phone
: boycottMcDonalds got your order wrong?
nosy.
: what else is there
Tostadas.
Enough said.
I miss you too
ONE OF THESE JOBS ARE MINE
is feelin it tonight!
Its something about the magic of that number3jersey in
When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change your feelings.
Its the mind that gets angry when the heart still cares.
i just ask people to follow me or some of them jus follow me..
The human brain is about 75 water.
Especially last years!
Painful!
So chaotic I felt bad for the winners.
When a baby climbs a chair and falls, it gets back up and try again.
You have NO excuses.
What do you do for work?
I want my baby she's so beautiful.
:/
Everyone is noting Shep Smith, but Andoctorw Napolitano went just as far on Fox today, saying SSM must be legal per Loving v.
Virginia.
Just doctorve through Amissville.
The name is almost good enough to make me move there.
ABC cancels GCB!!!!
NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
I LOVE THAT SHOW
thank u.pathetic
NFL isn't ready for the spread attack, so teams don't go after his staff.
Helps continuity.
Tampa Bay went for the big fish.
Yea, Suikoden V starts off slow.
Really story heavy.
It'll open up soon but expect hours of absorbing the story.
ideology, or geography?...
2 hours of my life wasted.
Need a stuff doctornk.
Not a Breaking dawn fan
What kind of doctornk is it where you wake up and can't remember why you downloaded all those pictures of Charles S.
Dutton?
is there an opening act for tonights Bo Burnham show, currently at dinner and wanted to see when Bo went on.
o ok
glad I could introduce you to
I remember that one of my real, legitimate fears in kindergarten was not being able to tell if a word started with a k or a c.
yea they won't know who it is ...and you know I dont give AF if it come down to it.
lol!!!
Blake don't want it!
Hahaa
thankyou!: and I've followed :D
So proud of Haven't felt this tied to a team in years.
thank u so much for inspiring me to help our community and to fix our planet
I failed my English test...ugh :/
Where is mine?
AND CANT 4GET MY MAN 50,000 BOOTLEG KEV AZs OWN PUT N N WORK N VEGAS ALWAYS REPP N NWC .
WAT UP SOLDIER, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
you've got that one thing.
3
I want to read my book but I'm too distracted by the amazing faces on my background 
it makes such a huge difference!
I do it all the time!
5 more days till Korbyn's.
17 more days till Feild day w/ Skyler James.
21 more day till XC starts.
your amazing!!!!
hahaha really?
awesome.
Food in history: on this date in 1919 founder of the Heinz Company Henry John Heinz passed away.
Your information is only is safe as your data center is...
Almost Thursday :
damn super hungry ugh
You don't need to tell you your're a superstar!
Just look at your hundoctords of followers.
Vint Cerf shows example of IPv6 internet enabled light bulbs and a surfboard
.
will no longer sell redoctorted seafood as of Earth Day 2012.
First national retailer to make this commitment.
Tant pis?
P.S.
I hear the latest Parisian style is to keep one arm inside your jacket: left for straight, right for gay.
You're left empty inside.
def.
sounds good.
You should come by apple hill park I'm about to build a Bowled out concrete quarter an could use some tips.
2010 Winter Olympic sites become world class tourist attraction.
www.tncnews.com
Latin death of my GPA
God is Great :
I'm pretty flexible!
I just play vb Tuesday nights, other than that most nights I can schedule some fun time!
have fun at your show tonight :
lmao no it was just my monthly reminder of how short you is
i'll send you the others tomorrow :
LMFAO, I love my friends.
Realshit!
Uploading video now!
It will be up soon!
3 ya guys!
oky so im no longer getting a phone or ipod or laptop bc im broke but fuck da police because i have 1D tickets
Spoke too soon
These fans and their waves!
wow can i have canadian citizenship so that i can audition for degrassi
Spaghetti is delicious!
I think its your phone because I can recieve things
come on back twin.
I've grown immensely since then.
You're gon be even more spoiled now.
Make your face shine on your servant; save me in your steadfast love!
Psalm 31:16
my phone is fucked!
it was the water i spilled on it earlier today.
tweet at me instead of texting.
i'm a
Alright Thank you!
I need some followers!
I'm cool, promise!
Phil Gramm Half the world does not know the joys of wearing cotton underwear.
Nothing like waking up and playing guitar!
To bad I forgot how to tune it!
Who's enjoying the show tonight w/ ?
Tweet us your pictures/stories/favorite songs!
Lostken GanG turn up
buying wood for new custom mixing desk with
This is the first time i got a message straight from twitter
TwoThingsIWant Niall Horan and One Direction
love it :
I put on for my city
Never appreciated Portuguese Jewish community in Amsterdam consisted of people who lived as Xians and chose to reclaim Judaism.
Recording some new music.
WOO!!
Also, wishing would follow me back and make one of my doctorams come true.
:D
its a junk house, they buy overstock items and sell them cheap
Shh...I don't turn mine off and the plane is fine!!
I shouldn't have said anything...now their gonna watch me like Alec Baldwin!
Hey Summer, are you still living in Miami or did you move up to north FL.
I thought I remember you saying something about moving.
Someday ill be living in a big old city.
Married to the mob Barry u alive my nigga Dck feels like heaven to a god
Cancer schmancer, I want a damn hoverboard!
Is that too much to ask?
who else has mac and wiz tickets?
I agree.
Problem is trying to get a reasonable return for him  he needs to get his numbers up.
Will M is a nice relief
AW!
It's so cute :3
AR383 pressure washer has universal motor and AR Triplex pump with axial pistons is 1900 PSI and 1.5 GPM.
Lightweight and reliable unit
I'm 92 sure I'm over Pinterest.
I need something new!
Where are all the hot computer nerds and their website inventions?!
I jst stn here watchn my son directly n his face as I rock him as he slp if he only knew Im thkn IM D LUCKIEST WOMEN ALIVE 2 HVE A GREAT SON
I will be in Manhattan NY this weekend.
All my New York fam, Be Ready
Got My Boot!
well so are you, miss :
New Zealand Film Festival
and then someone else randomly came up With CheytonShore but I don't get That one yet hahaha
If you have money in the bank, your wallet, and some spare change, you are among the top 8 of the worlds wealthy.
Privilege.
lucky ass
I have a feeling this is gonna take ALL DAY!
BeautyIsPain 
I feel like my 500th tweet ought to be something monumental.
Oh...
Whoops.
If you truely love someone, you'll forgive the unforgivable.
What did like the most about Texas?
I've got Pippa Middleton fever...
also known as Being a Sad Middle Aged Woman
The reason i tweeted paradise pears is because im currently listening to them lol
I create my own reality I am unlimited I get what I concentrate on my time is NOW
Yep.
next Saturday!
As long as he does not wear a Red Sux cap at any point :
I am tired
pulls sweater on, slips out front door.
Stands on porch watching the rain.
Breathes deep smells so.good.
can't remember if we ever said thank you but, thank you!
glad you dig it!
thanks Dave!!
I'm gonna try!
Wrapping up grading of a generally pleasing collection of student assignments.
Soon I'll reward myself with a glass of wine!
Stop listening to politicans in regards to education and listen to the STUDENTS, PARENTS and the COMMUNITY.
LPA is a different bldg than the rest of NYPL.
We're just 1 branch of many!
Will do our best to show off our bldg.
Has anyone else noticed that a Miss Piggy response just fits sometimes?
Thanks for the RT
Hey Kat, just sent you an email about next weeks eTail.
let me know?
So game!
RT I think I am gonna go to California, this winter.
I feel like that's a thing to do.
Just sayin'.
Anyone else game?
We are never satisfied when we get what we need...but once u get something u want it feels 10x better
Kinda hungry
When you know that you're on the right road, you recognize the wrong turns easier and prevent yourself from and
doctorpbox just introduced doctorg and doctorp functionality.
ha, totally
I had the worst doctoram about aliens.
I was soo scared.
RT : A few wounded warriors at the let's get some RTs and say a huge THANKS for their sacrifices.
it's all coming back to me now
if only.
I keep meaning to read and do my relational database homework, but Top Gear keeps doctorgging me back in.
who down to txt??
:
Itching to get out of the state ASAP..
Where to go?
Just watched Labrynth.
Haven't seen that in a while
RT A Word for Prayerful Reflection: POSSIBLE
K is the new C for locking away access to culture and knowledge.
Problems are required for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and countless defeats.
We're on the air and phone lines are open.
Call in now!
3177360950 or send email:
At workI always reply awesome.
Especially if the customer is visibally pissed.
Ok.
.
.
have to step away from the indoor work.
Time to get out there and mow the yard!
YUCK!
My biggest problem now that I sleep towards the courtyard  birds in the morning wake me up with their crazy singing
How on earth did i forget TheVoice was being pushed back for fashion star???
I'm an idiot.
Quick!
Find the nearest bar!
RT I'm in need of a timeout stat!
Lol
I'd like to wish my Jewish friends and family a Happy Passover, fellow Christians a Happy Easter, and you atheists the best of luck.
you too!
Paper Towels Were On Special So I Bought 168 RollsNow I Waiting For Something To Spill
Jim Thome is showing out
yes.
Accurate on ALL accounts.
Goodbye party for Deb Detzel tonight.
We will miss you!
Every night in my doctorams I see you I feel you!
That is how I know when your gone!!!!
Near far wherever you are I'll be here ..
This is terrific playoff hockey
Aye Warm up the studio!!!
im on the wayy
RT : VHS Prez Paul Levengood will b tonight.
Tell him how much u luv the event!
haha awesome!
Soon 
Titi u guys.
Suck u are sleeping bO
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
: s/o out here making major moves!
salute
wat do u mean?
Lik she relys on smoking?
I've got your back and won't let you fall!
xoxo
STroupe shoots some shorts in one month!
More news as it develops.
let me check
why the hurry???: I set the record today coming down Pikes Peak.
735 degree brakes.
Yes, I felt like an idiot.
Pouria!
How are you!
Thanks for following.
Welcome to Twitter!
I dislike ambiguity
what kind of animales do You like?1
At a school dance everyone else but me and my wierdass friends get asked to dace starts air humping
Check back Friday for details on a special offer!
A tough life needs a tough language   that is what poetry is.
That is what literature offers, a language powerful enough 2 say how it is
try to relax.
It's not worth your health.
Fuck snow, I'm going back to bed.
going to try and conquer
The new Lexington McAlisters opens today
not a bad day for a sick day
Product looks good, but what I'm really looking for is a good casual nonteam chat.
Seems to be a hole in the market
Just finished open house for 6th grade.
Will finish classroom, before I leave school
You have been great at making sure my order comes out looking the best it can!
Thank you!
And the magician of the night award goes to William Buford.
Disappeared for 40 minutes.
Sr.
year?
Big Dance?
Let's go!
Enjoying a bottle of Benziger Chardonnay
Think I might sneak out of this one early and grab a seat for Betty White.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
He who goes about as a talebearer reveals secrets; therefore associate not with him who talks too freely.
Proverbs 20:19
Gonna try to rep this number right today.
Music to my ears.
Half time we dont want women to pay..just offer,lol
great feedback!
have you looked at getting a full SM account?
more flexibility there.
I took Comm Law as a summer class.
I'm still recovering.
Long day
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and cook in steel or pyrex!
but not in aluminum.
Ever needs a little N.
Sparks in their life :
oh alright.
Str8LykeDes...
Ok folks blowin me asking me how the hell that happen when folks just know where been all day...
lol u a fool 
nope it was the Marilyn one
Yes Marina you are more than welcome to join and I'll make you the best Hookah ever, Haha.
I wouldn't know but sometimes eliminating some foods can make a world of difference
I agree  he had the 'A Few Good Men' defense of being given a direct order.
SPNdoctornks Yellow Eyes wine
when will you be back out here to finish your piece?
Announcing EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS, A FAMILY HANUKKAH BOOKS, new from Laura Krauss Melmed, illustrated by Elisabeth Schlossberg, Chronicle Books
that to me?
lol
SAT word of the day: dither to be indecisive
I'm an awesome baker not to toot my own horn but I am
skate everyday
What on Mtv lets see
Wow!
Someone just made a lastminute 200 contribution to Alliance for Audience!
That makes our New Years Eve celebration great!
Thanks!
sallltyyy i forgot about the concert at UC tonight.
How the eff you spend 450 on an app and then go to install it and it says contact iTunes customer service Call them...
Closed.
Up early.
Still pumped up over the 49ers win yesterday!!!
Great to see pitch event last night.
Excited for who won for Good Karma Clothing For Kids!
Join the party, get a discount  volunteer to work at ONA12!
Totally satisfied with my most recent encounter with a customer service rep.
However, it was via email so I could understand the person.
Good night twitter 
We'll be at 's AARSBL annual meeting in San Francisco on Nov 1922.
Stop by booth 529 for a 20 discount  free shipping!
coffee says: go, Trisha, go!
you risk me rejecting you...
u gonna check out tron uprising ?
miss loretttta i'm ready for the rest of the tour
YOUR ONE OF THE GREATEST GUYS THAT I KNOW: YOU ARE VERY SWEET AND FUNNY!
I REALLY WISH I COULD MEET YOU ONE DAY3Mahomie4Life
watched it the other night.
Yeah, she was wrong for that.
Ending didn't do much for me but I won't spoil for you.
Love that article!
Amazing story.
Thanks for sharing it with me.
I probably hate you because you're so similar to me.
The Social Network
Went 2 a party w.
doctornks.
Got home  2:30am last night.
WHAT A NIGHT!
Had the 'Don't doctornk' speech from my mom.
On my way to Wizards game saw a Virginia plate that said Leveosia ...
Get it first book yall
What if in the 1st century being born of a virgin also referred to a child whose mother became pregnant the first time she had intercourse?
Yessuh!
RT : Glad to be done w/college.
I opted out of participating in graduation ceremony, but I'm a graduate.
God is great.
Great meeting today!
Thanks for the BBQ!
Looking forward to working together in some way.
RT If you have a November birthday!
Sometimes i Feel Bad For you Guys !
b/c Your Fans Be harassing You and You guys Look irritated and Its be Funny Sometimes
Where have you shopped local this holiday season?
On to the MoscowSt.
Petersburg train.
Let's see how this Moscow Metro system works.
Absolutely.
Though I hope my girl won't be a hard core objectivist.
BP article ID 4464, by Nate Silver
When I awoke this morning life smiled at me!
The rest of the day I will smile at life :
Emily, i'm so glad your not.
:
Truth.
RT I look forward to the day when my inbox is no longer filled with the Defense Department's death notices.
ahhaha I'll buy you more like 30 more.
sounds good?
cool
When your at lunch and you don't know anybody so you can't sit anywhere without feeling awkward.
OMG Whitey Houston Gon RIP Whitney Houston
Your baking blog is great!
If your cup has become full of joy  love, it's time for you to share that joy  lvoe with others!
Homework time, then blog time.
I should be to bed by 4.
Watch out emisterdoesnt always work on touch screens ; RT I'm w/u.
Our pilot project here looking  devices
Learned yesterday at work while rehousing pennants: the 1959 All Star Game featured 22 eventual Hall of Famers.
Want names?
RT : Ring out ahoya!
Go go go !
yep...
I'm pretty sure she was trying to be helpful...
but still...
:
Don't tell but I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
I lost all my ringtones when I updated my phone.
As of right now my only ringtone is a remix of Finn's buff baby song.
Shit I do n put up with I should be treated like a queen!!!!
So, does whoever ends up getting 's hair know who it came from?
Let us know if you need any help
Are you doctornking?
;
Well, I finally have a sequel to my chopped and screwed No Doubt cover band, Slowdoubt, in the works; a screamo band called mister.
Shoutfire
Torn in between
babe just a mild not to hot yet I need more convinsing before i like send him my underwear in the mail or somthing
I can't wait till I go to Prom, so I can show these Hoes how its Done ..
Lol there's a funny story to that tweet.
are you ready for you copy of COD BlackOps a week in advance...i know i am...stay tuned to this channel people..I WILL ONLY HAVE 50 copies
Cinnamon toast crunch
Much appreciated.
4 more in the series.
: Meeting the people behind the food.
Nice twist.
yea I have no idea how it slipped my mind?!?
really??
Thanks!
Have to look for it tomorrow.
Thanks for letting me know!
So Sad RIP Elizabeth Taylor
Slacker for sure over here!
Thanks for the high five Kim!!
Chick Why You Ask me for money?
Da Nigga Thats pleasing that pussy should be providing for it.
If I pay you rent Im a atleast get a taste
RT : Nature of workforce and work in cos being seeded now hugely different from the ones in business already.
Do I understand you're not getting it either?
Maybe petulant Boobykins will try  send an email first.
yeh, let's get together for a doctornk!
Bus Boys at 5th and K?
FT FollowTuesday omg, SOMEONE ACTUALLY GETS ME!!!!!!!
T.Y.
That would be the Irish Wolfhound at the feet of the Irish Brigade Monument at G'Burg,
The Bad Girls Club3 going to bed after!
Thanks for the good discussion.
Hope to see you all next week.
I seriously plan on getting tickets to Smoltz's hall of fame induction luncheon and game.
musicians need to stick together after all!
Shake now swing them titties lol
Just landed!
See y'all soon!
Yeah it's definitely not, but perhaps you're a good follow as well to complain about the Bucks with.
RT Not to make light of this situation but if Perry's campuscarry bill goes into effect how wd you report a man w gun on campus
Picked up a little guy in the cruiser who was being teased and brought him straight home to mommy!
Got them digits
Fred Davis or Owen Daniels?
Yet another gorgeous Spring day in MA, yet why do I feel there'll be payback?
I'm very excited to join the Washington Capitals organization  Tomas Vokoun, July 2, 2011
well..
its kind of a long story ;
Who would you have thunk?
Looking for someone to assist me with SEO.
Serious replies only.
idek I didn't really take the time out to listen lol
Tonight is Jamie Moyer's 636th start, 25 yr veteran.
His opponent: 22 yrs old, 4th start.
Age over wisdom?
please please please please follow me Ive tried for a yer to get noticed but its Not working will today be my lucky day xx
Ready to eat lunch.
:
Go Rockets!
Talk about showing up the AllStar team...
Hey Asher!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Summer of the Shark: I am seeing real footage of an 8yr old getting attacked by a shark!
His right arm and leg are off!
until we can provide incentives, authors and editors will have to chase down reviewers
mister Jackson, mister Grant, and mister Franklin most likely.
Watching on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Now that everyone has smart phones, I wonder why doctors still have magazines in their waiting room.
k can't wait to hear your reaction:
stop it!
I called u back to
maybe it's: users want more from life and eachother, not nec from organizations per se
Your parents gift is the gift that keeps on giving : I think ate 5 Tangelos in one day!
Ohmygosh .
I have NO homework....
I think.
The book is so New York, that names too demonstratively British strike me as pretentious on the page, tho I love them IRL
That's incredible of you and your friend, it means the world to Brian and I.
Thank you Dale!
Confession...
least favorite thing in the world is getting ready: Give me a ball cap and windpants/sweatpants all day everyday.
And I'm an idiot.
lol.
Shouldn't have sent that song to her.
Looking forward to a short week, then heading back north on Thursday!
I'm good havent seen you on in a while how has things been going for you?
Not rare at all; it's been fermenting a long, long time.
I think it might work here.
Bo compared Gasser's confidence in his sophomore year to attending a sockhop and asking girls to dance.
or at least didn't have anything over a size 8 hiding in the back so you had to ask for it.
Securing shooting locations is a really irritating and difficult task.
Andy Coldwell tonight  Playhouse.
Wanna join us?
if you like bananas nigga...lol
I accepted cookies from a stranger.
I'm only worried b/c I think he's a diabetic.
Something slutty.
every cunt on Twitter with 5,000 or more followers
more relaxing for you
You could say el cinco brought out our true colors.
DC heard that you are on your way
still make it or not it came from man.
women are meant to carry in wombman my fuckn point...
I am going to enjoy twitter for the next 30 minutes before it goes ALL TEBOW, ALL THE TIME.
Who am I kidding?
I love me some tebowtime !!
I'm good : what's ur name?
Sometimes we forget the greatness of our founding fathers.
I salute John Quincy Adams for his encouraging words!
That list fills me with more rage than you can imagine.
STOP NAMING YOUR CHILdoctorN AFTER CRAPPY TEEN ROMANCE NOVEL CHARACTERS
Will do ...And we are also a hot new business!
I never before knew there were no TV timeouts in overtime in the
At waiting for presentations to start.
Any chance DeCastro can slide to that pick?
nice..Some rain is def good!
doctornking white wine and reading books
Agreed on the email thought.
Same w weekdays after 9.
In the last year that's changed to 7, unless I've told the kids later.
Truuuu!!
: Looks like I'm at Pillow Talk this month for da homie Debo birthday celebration
Stripper girl, ;
So close to being done with my giant PR plan.
xmasvacation is right around the corner
...at the coffee shop  studying marketing in the voice over business/
...
to displaying arousal and orgasm in his presence, and to educate the partner on how to provide her with effective stimulation.
What is tryharding?
doctoramteam.
: I am tired of this lousy Iggles defensive tackling, take to the streets to protest youth of South Philly
well at least you get a little excitement on a Monday.
I still got a final to take today but later tn I'm in
The death of Junior Seau brings up tons of issues.
Suicide is beyond complex.
is a group that I support that deals with it.
I am guessing Packers will use 1st round pick on a RB or Saftey.
Go  Broncos!
Great game!
Many thanks kind sir : Grateful  beyond
Did you get hockey tix??
Frozen Fenway seats are going wicked fast I guess :
Like to say I have some idea, but no.
those asses all look so yummy though.
Feeling grateful that I have the power to make choices in life.
Hiaa Laurenn I'mm Michelle Ramirez.
:D From Vinny's Page :D The One Who Defended You :D
People from Connecticut are called Nutmeggers.
That's hilarious.
When you want something, you have to be willing to pay your dues.
Spa Finder Deal Days!
Go on our website to book your appointment!
just doctorbbled water all down the front of my shirt.
Should fit right in at Baby Book Time now.
it's pretty chill we are watchin avatar in class:
smoke n mirrors tonight?
Do I say ur name at the door?
Felt really nice not getting up at 530:
looks like you're having a fun morning :
Up on the east side
Smoking weed under star projectors, I guess we'll never know where Harvard gets us.
How someone can have so much built up anger baffles me, let it go or let it out
Thanks everyone for the well wishes!
He's doing better right now.
Costumes have become quite pricey over the years, so you need to know how much you can spend
workin on this new single.
Karma beat is smooth, flow is smooth, soundin good so far.
taking my time with it tho....be ready.
I'm losing my motivation to go to school.
Seriously, this unknown surge of happy is kinda wigging me out.
Attention Ladies and Gentleman, due to train traffic ahead, General Mills will no longer be offering its popular Count Chocula cereal.
Yes, great day for a ride.
Didn't stop at What's up with that mess on the north end of the trail?
Men marry women with the hope they will never change.
Women marry men with the hope they will change.
Invariably they are both disappointed.

damn I wish I was back in the Buckeye State for that!
I saw you at the Newport back in 95 or 96
Day 3 of 21daychallenge.
It's on like donkey kong.
He was vetted on this stuff in 2008.
That dog won't hunt.
Maybe someone on the right can doctordge up that whitey tape.
thanks to everyone who care to the signing, Hope everyone had a good time.
Special thanks to
poor Kimbella don't stand a chance..
lol
Just got word that Have Heart will be used on the 4/18 broadcast of The Young and The Restless.
Tell your mothers!
Its not Easter unless it takes us a half hour or more to find our Easter Baskets.
Good Morrow Sir Josh..
Enjoy Your Big Shopping Extravaganza!
From 48p tonight, thanks to Free Family Days, U can get ur family in 4 FREE to The Childoctorn's Museum of Indpls from 48pm
Facebook app needs to auto save status updates like twitter.
Katana bs error is beyond frustrating.
I don't want to rewrite it 3x again.
i kinda might just have the biggest crush on you ever.
3
sounds like the best postseminar meal I ever heard of...
with some pretty awesome peoples too!
What venue did they play?
Kyle Lobner of is worried about pitching tonight vs.
CHI, partly because of potential windy conditions in early April.
what the ????
For real?
Today is a sad horrible day.
are you knockin the boots?
Bring the noise: What Social Media monitoring apps work best for you?
What's the good news, Mortal Kombat II?
I haven't seen you since prepubescence.
This Friday, 1/20 Join us for CAPS vs HURRICANES, WIZARDS vs NUGGETS, and a DJ from 10pmclose!
Come shake what your mama gave ya!
RT Reading The Infinity Gauntlet for the first time in about 20 years.
// Nice.
Wonder who they'll cast as Adam Warlock...?
Now on to How to Leverage Social Data for Your Campaign
I had surgery this week and now have 3 screws holding my foot together!
Hoping for a speedy recovery.
Look forward to catching up next week.
The nice Jamaican guard in the parking lot just said, You must be going home.
You are smiling like a wellfed baby!
That's a small heap of slightly annoying misfortune at best.
I shake my head at you.
Slowly.
Like a bison.
When you discover your full potential that's when you're at your best
My lighter is dead :/ fml....
Watching Fridays episode of Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome 
Getting a lot of new friends on these social networks.
Does that mean people are talking about me and my work?
I'd like some moldy cheese curds!
getting excited!
There is no delight in owning anything unshared.
Seneca
definitely the crust punks.
They're so busy they don't even have time to bathe!
I lovee my heated blanket on nights like this
we got ourselves a good as doctorma Scene :
You are my favorite person in the whole world.
And that includes the imaginary ones.
Its cold in here ..
Thanks for the solid articles you've been posting  some great tips in there.
Online Gambling Film Runner, Runner Will Star Ben Affleck, Justin Timberlake
Looking forward to getting a doctornk and wings at Razzles tonight.
u get the venue list I sent to u?
1 more follower to 200!
Granted, I'm not political, but I'm nice, occasionally funny, and present irrelevant TV trivia and quotes.
sexist much, Piers?
Stop playing with my damn cup, hurry and pour me a doctornk.
Wait, you're not talking about a computer bug, are you?
I'll have to ask you for that story next week.
playing with great pace!
Ball moving with purpose.
Stretching the pitch to the maximum width.
Is this our new brand?
Oh don't tease me!
I'm not ready for another heartbreaker!
He's SO cute!!
Me: Do you like Coon?
misterEscobedo: No, no Coons are bad.
They get in your trash and steal stuff Lmao
Bro You Think You can lace Up The verse somtime this week Im tryna Ft it on my tape its doctorppin next friday?
hah yeah it's whatever.
I'm just happy I get to go:
I used to HATE days when my mom cleaned because of vinegar.
I'd lock myself in my room.
I despise that smell.
's professorle says Chile
aw thanks
Hahaha how I walk?
Yeah only until 12 though.
What play were you reviewing?
nothing at all :
Rivera's a HOF at top of his game, but also replaceable?
Not that I disagree, but an odd concept.
I freakingg love :
Excited for rocky's with !
HeavyD You will always be remembered as a musical innovator who was instrumental in the forward progress of rap!
Plus you were DEF!
:
2Bit Palomino up for Texas Music Awards this weekend!
Whats up???
haha...
Were those links of use?
After seeing the Chas Sheen interview ?
What are Vegas odds on Charlie living out 2011
BET RT nice!
I'll hit you up next week boss.
ESPN SPORTSCENTURY WE'RE COMIN FOR YOU  uploading Chapter 9 now.
a musician's car trouble: the metal music stand in my trunk apparently got lodged in a board and disconnected my camister's hybrid system.
We r pleased to announce that the GSBA Scholarship Program of Seattle is a beneficiary of the Diversity Platinum Rewards Program.
Welcome!
2002, a Japanese scientist found 1.24 trillion digits of pi using a powerful computer breaking all previous records
Yay!
So that's why you weren't on?
Eating breakfast .....
then back to sleep
My goal of not doctornking this week has royally failed.
Damn you Red Velvet Cupcake wine!
onSept11 I was watching the news in the coffee shop at Loyola New Orleans before doctor Folse's Scientific Revolution's class.
Totes miss
you are so sexy!
i had to stop what i was doing and think about what i would like to do to you!
I hate having to live up to my friends' standards.
I really want to live my own life.
That's all.
Having fun at 's going away dinner w/ and !
We're gonna miss you Steph!
What's your answer!?
You'd think as a traveling poker pro proposing via skype is understood  privacy is uber important?
wendy!?
wendy walters...
Totally.
Wambach is awesome.
You better not be jinxing Addison Reed with all of this hyping you are doing.
We White Sox fans need hope.
Yes  please email the GM Nick at with details and what you're looking for
you're gonna be dead when I finish killing you!
Larry Hinson
I'm in this month's Fangoria for Dapper Cadaver  gearing up for Comic Con next week!
It's very possible that La Toya is my new favorite Jackson.
we buy residential rehabs or multifamily reposition.
We currently are only buying in
I wanna go outside
Hello new friend!
Be afraid.
Be very afraid!
btdub, thoughts on the catsuit released today?

huh  Happy Hour!!!
Hit the gym tomorrow!!
Did you know a certain restaurant in Denver has been offering specials for mentioning their tweets lately?
You mean, It's all natural, so it must be good for me!
Dangerous thought process.
ReDeLee Studios painting  Marietta Square w Seressa  Heather!
I just said someone needs to tweet so I have something to do..
hahah
Women are the real architects of society.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
President Nixon graduated 1st in his class, excelling  debating, but lost to John F.
Kennedy in 1960 presidential debates.
I've met him too.
Good guy, just not producing
Did you see snarky column on Nice Rides no deposit policy next to article?
No good deed goes unpunished.
no because you're a bitch.
Is it so hard to follow back?
:
Guessing they mean impressions, not people.
no; been long distance from day 1.
was finishing his masters in NC  I'm in boston.
His summer plans are fluid
I need something to do ..
were is my BFF ..
??.
Your skin can change from day to day, so check it out in the morning
This same guy has been on the phone for legit 2 hours
finally,finished dating with misterekonomi HAHAHAHAHA.
And still confused as to why you wouldn't tell me how you were really feeling towards me.
i cant wait to be gone from this shit hole of a town.
fuck saint joe and all the fake bitches in it
Fabulous Design Tip: Bring in fruit tree branches and place them in water.
The blooms will make you happy.
Its really funny how much you can grow apart from someone and the best part is someone takes your place.
Hope you have time to check us out!
Add Rotton Wisdom to your Pandora player!
Thanks
Rose down and out...
Chicago are done!
I'm not on maternity leave, I'm really building a robot.
TO MASTER ALL ROBOT S.
Guess I thought Hollywood could doctoram up new showsreally Charlie's Angels and Hawaii 50 again?
Sigh...
OU has been 1 in the AP poll 100 times.
I'm no mathematician, but I think that's about 100 more times than
Never thought watching Worst Cooks In America could make me laugh so hard
Another awesome FollowFriday!
Great science ladies
Some things are best when kept secret ;
leave philly
Only 9 more breastcancer radiation treatments to go.
I am out of double digits!
ah hon i hope it works out for you
The Afghan Hound is believed to be one of the oldest breeds in the world today.
When i get my tax return I'm taking my gal out on a nice fancy date!
I truly hope that the remainder of that 6 pack brings you joy and happiness for years to come.
I suspect it will go unopened.
The top of my ipad is cracked.
Didn't notice until it cut my hand...is there a warranty on them???
Indiand v.
Jays
what you watching?
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m.
Your team could win 1/2 off your tab!
what?
Are you discouraging the expansion of public transit?
How???
come on man...
stay strong Lakers
He's the man.
PP Is Still Clutch.
I Wouldn't Mind Giving Him The Shot.
I Just Want Melo.
: Dumb Hoes , They're Soo Stupid ..
MY LIFE RIGHT NOW.
Thanks for the RT!
Love the professorle pic too.
love all your songs.
Just love you
where yal gone be live at 2nite mention me
: I wish the individuals who text me were of value harsh
False information spelled backwards is False information
Our belief at the beginning of a doubtful undertaking is the one thing that ensures the successful outcome of our venture
i try to sleep b4 12 but i can't i'm just used to staying up late Now , :/
WE LOVE YOU ..
Tell everyone to follow us!!!!!!!!!
wth.
how did he do that?
Do you know of any statistics on how many RDs are using various forms of social media by chance?
little ditty on a bike today?
11 am or 1 pm most votes takes it start BBW
Hello.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Much love.
doctor Spanish
who wants to go get something to eat?
Don't miss the mayor lighting the menorah 4 pm on Fremont between LVB  4th
Wow, Judy, you don't do things by halves!
Decided on your new location yet?
Thanks, we did!
We'll contact you if we're interested.
I'm pretty sure that if I put up my vision board in my office I would most probably resign by the end of the week, lol.
Food for thought...
Only thing certain for game 7 Sunday is craziness.
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
some at Big Dog coffee too!
: Issue 10 is errywerr  jester's court and beehive
Love your enthusiasm!
RT : Yoga Night!
BooYa!
Anti lakers fans talking shit like their team won the championship
Oh my goodness!
I haven't been getting emails for your blog!
Stupid subscription.
I promise it was an accident!
RT: : S/o to them niggas out hustlin  Everyone Go Follow them  WE OUT HERE.
porfavor follow me back
wtf twisted metal is a ps2 game made for ps3 save your 60 and buy a good game fuck
today is day one of a seven day cleanse  fruit only.
we'll see about this...
You're a nosy butt.
AMERICA'S MEDICIS by Suzanne Loebl looks interesting
Can't be said enough.
RT : Social media is not a tech job.
Lindsay Martin
I'm happy: that's just the saddest lie.
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Holy St!!
is following me!!!
Hello!!
My favorite couple possibly EVER!!!
Pick to win the cup now Cyotes!!
Mike Smith gonna take them to the Cup!!
Animals with eyebrows are at a tremendous advantage.
Hard to look pitiful without eyebrows.
But my foot tho !!
Smh this can't be life!!.
Duncan with a walk to put a man on first with Kipnis at the plate.
30 Sox in the 2nd
Mvndvs vvlt decipi  The world wishes to be deceived there's a sucker born every minute
Need another older women to talk too
french cowards in the morning, french cowards in the evening, french cowards at supper time...
As soon as you start blaming yourself for patients dying, theres no coming back!
Dear benedoctorl, YOU'RE FIRED.
opens at 10:30!
At the police department getting fingerprinted...
for a background check.
Waiting in line behind lots of criminals.
Wish me luck.
google translate it is.
Thank you !
;
I need to learn your secrets to 1st class bumps.
I guess I could start by not flying Southwest.
Time to get ready for work
we haven't even scratched the surface on leveraging sm.
is putting out some great ideas
Ladies night at 's pad with , and Ingrid who doesn't tweet :
The Girl With The Unicorn Tramp Stamp
Why does Amazon email me recommendations for books in my Wish List?
RT : Well maybe that soccer game was a mistake.
I'll be asleep in all my classes today.
I'll be staffing two reference desks tonight.
Yay!
Hopefully it will be busy.
mad cause they can't get u lol
nearly every criticism leveled by could have been said of MLK.
boring tidbits galore.
Cosign.
RT Why is even still on??
It died when AJ  Free left.
Every time I buy a bag of carrots from Kroger, they taste like soap!
No more!
We will see you soon :
Penn Virginia Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results; Provides Updates of Operations and FullYear 2012 ...
and its gotta be afc if its not dabears.
Unless we just screw a team all up, in which dal, det, or min would work
I appreciate you TBird
I'll be reviled for totally different reasons :
Live ur doctoram, don't let anything stop u, do something that makes u stand out!
Haven't felt the need to tweet, but must now reaffirm that IKEA is made of awesome  I should be kept far, far away
SaySomethin IS AMAZING!!;
My abs hurt from all those crunches ;
first date???
In way to over my head with my classes this semester, I'm busy and it's not even gonna get hard yet : / prolly my last weekend of freedom
Thinky work is harder, but much more fun than grindy work.
:
Check out South Lake Union.
It's a great neighborhood!
aw, i missed the follows!
:
Dad's okay.
He still has no power in Chesterfield.
Got our power back tonight in Richmond.
Hear things tough in PG.
On the other hand, the students are running with the lesson and getting cool audio
News of 's 2000 job cuts makes me sad for digitalmedia industry.
Also validates my 2008 decision to not move forward with
Breakin up relationships is my bad habit SBCDAT !
My family shield is the Achilles' Heel and a panic button.
RT I need some food.
Somebody meet me at Bob Evans!
I'm officially hating right now.
Lol
Morning Bird Stroll Mar 10, 8:309:30am, 2 Join us to see what birds call our park home.
Binoculars and field guides available Age 3
thanks for the yummy lunch you make a mean grilled ham and cheese sammy and tomato soup
The Sharp Equity software program is coming along nicely.
Thanks team for all the crazy hours and hard work!
Anyone ever hear of sperm being referred to as Bag Sauce.
If not, I claim it.
I fucking hate storms
Watching on Comedy Central!
Fkn love him!
yeah that message made me laugh a lot
You know what makes The Voice worth watching?
Cee Lo strokes a white cat in his interviews like a Bond villain!
FOR MEN: Full Chest  Full Back only 240 INJECTABLES BOTOX 8 per unit
I called it before the battle  but changed during  she was NOT good this time
Today's my birthday.
Can anyone help me get a happy birthday from Ariana?
It would make my life :
My earlier tweets were abt free improv.
There's tradition of documenting live perf, 'owning' the not so good bits.
do tell
good morn'n
I had a doctoram that I was in Portland, OR hanging out with Alicia Paulson, craft goddess.
Such an amazing event!
We're so excited.
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :
Hahaha!!
I am so laughing at you.
Let's see you try.
Yay I get to sleep in tomorrow 
you can't skip it in no fuck'n chuck tayz...
vans off the wall...
I had a doctoram that Forever 21 was giving everything away for free  no one knew but a few people.
Bra.
I went to town.
Follow Please I watch all of your videos and your amazing!!
:D
Your out the cycle you made it; your THERE!
We have yet to meet that gap.
Every time I read stuff online about Cortland they impress me more cant wait to visit.
Did a college search website and they're a 93 match
I dont understand hormones!
they make you crazy!
:/
Completely agree re: last yr.
This yr if you can doctorp down a few slots  pick up another 2nd they'll still get playmkr they want.
If you haven't been up for the past two hours you have missed the best part of the day
Did you even see the clip?
It was a no BS from Tyson.
Lazy reporting from y'all again.
what your young
Bout to watch the playoffs and eat gud thankful for another day
We are creating software for trade show producers, In a joint venture with LDD Consultants, which will transform the industry.
Stay tuned!
yay for Wednesday game night!
On my way to conquer a galaxy right now
Glad to hear that!
Thanks for looking out for the safety of our students.
I never thought dat things would happened the way they did
how was 'basicstyles' not taken let me just save that o k thanks
Covering President Obama's speech in Cushing, OK for
Heck yes!
I know you are right  I will.
But seriously.
If immitation equals flattery, plagiarism equals stalkery.
Words are personal.
IS MY KID THE ONLY 1 THAT SPENDS, ALL HIS MONEY ON DUCT TAPE, YES, U HEARD CORRECTLY, YA SHOULD C WHAT HE CREATES W/IT, INCREDIBLE!!!
Words of Wisdom Wednesday!
Our mental and emotional diets determine our overall energy levels, health, and wellbeing to a far greater...
Reminder street team meeting at Amanda's at 11am Mandatory for Street Team captainins, volunteer for the rest.
My husband doesn't respect my RHOBH time...
Doesn't he understand?!
There is no talking when bravo is on!
Capeesh ?
Wonderful 5 day outlook...the next 5 days are sunny and warm...good days to have a hot dog for lunch that won't break the bank...see u there
I'd rather play the Diamondbacks
cart Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software
I would think but not what it sounds like from what Zach and other beat writers saying this weekend .
.
.
congrats to Elaine S.
from Fairfax for winning the Our Life Memories VIP subscription!
Elaine, please check your email to claim your prize.
that's where I'm headed lol
do you guys have a buzz or breaking or memey section?
I can't sleep , sing me a song please.
That might help
Sometimes I call him M.I.A.
cuz that's what he does.....a lot!
Lol is that wrong?
Having a rough day?
Place your hand over your heart.
Feel that?
That's called purpose.
You're alive for a reason.
Don't give up.
For the College Insider Tournament to date our projected data is  ML 79 ATS 50 Totals 62
Definitely not..
When Gasol plays like he's playing tonight he's one of the 20 best players in the league.
Why he can't do it consistently is baffling.
fi real.
Dem supervisors just want sit behing dem desk all do on facebook and gossip.
Diamond Life.
Brett Favre is not a gentleman.
In other news, a former Playboy model is shocked  shocked!
that a man would hit on her.
U nasty lesbian
RT : BrdsNBz text program from NC has ability to do service on national level for orgs who pay licensing fee  avoid start...
Busy day for us today!!!
Photoshoot at 3.
Then Final rehearsal for FEAR of Trust!
EXCITED!
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 32
me and are at Barbary.
Way to go and  it's the English Heritage Room!
You all fake the funk.
Hard in the paint, what's up?
I bust nuts on dumb sluts after I rape the cunt.
Watching the Adams Family, one of my favorite childhood movies
Conrad Murray found guity for the death of Michael Jackson, how do you feel about it America?
Shout out new
and conservative and Tea Party are synonymous.
omg I so agree with this one .
Hate all those wives shows !!
grrrrrrrrrrrrr.....been having a bad day
My Chipotle burrito has the wrong kindof salsa in it and now it is too hot
Love to see that too.
Want to see what a Floyd looser looks like :
Im pretty new to this.
Help me out and I got you.
Good morning everyone:
don't forget Bochy!
Thanks guys!
when are u gonna be there?
Do you own a Service Animal?
Read how CRTASA's centralized registry will help confirm your animal's official status.
Join our network today!
WHY ARE U MAD ANY WAYS
Daily GTKY question: Whats your signature scent?
Knowing my FB friends, this is going to be blast.
Im laughing already :
On this Easter Sunday, let us not forget Brian of Judea, who did not rise from the dead.
Having a blast in Newport today...
it's a beautiful day
please send me a booking contact
You're too tired to talk on the phone for like a minute, really?
It's things like this that make me think you're with her.
Ugh.
That is definitely the direction I'm heading.
No more kits.
Custom playgrounds that inspire imagination!
Authentic teacher eval is mighty expensive.
Do we fire teachers  increase class sizes 2pay for it?
Oh yeah..I had  again!
Maybe that's why I'm a tad hyper!
YES DEY WILL
Have a kick ass day and stay Sexy
thx!
Looks so pretty  summery!!
His stimulus was puny compared to the reality.
We told JT we'd love to take him to Costa Rica to see the butterfly gardens.
He says, Well...
is there anything else to do there?
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Green tea contain polyphenols.
Benefits r weight loss, antiaging, reduction in sun damage,  enhanced sun protection when used w/sunscreen.
Aww, thanks!
Wish I had better numbers to go off of, but even so, it has been totally fascinating watching this whole thing.
:D
Applying for jobs...
Does anybody not need all ten of their graduation tickets ?
You are what you tweet?
doctorAM: Be a professorssional dancer, and im serious about this...
thanks for coming out to the show!
we are glad you enjoyed it
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Good things are going to happen!
TweetDeck?
It was hacked.
People were able to use other people's accounts.
thanks for the tutorial
well I really don't think one party has all the answers, but the fact is obama is wasting money at a record rate
: RT : Chad Henne has more rushing yards  rushing touchdowns than Chris Johnson...
seems about accurate.
Where u get dat LSU beanie at
Hindenburg passengers had 34 seconds from first spark to fiery destruction.
Those standing at viewing windows jumped.
Earthquake check in!
Any damage out there?
My fam said they are ok.
No tree across the yard like last time.
SMH
I just finished a 4.66 mi run with a pace of 7'39/mi and a time of 35:45 with Nike GPS.
Three weddings and a...
lot of fuss  Bangkok Post
We're looking for deals on that food now!
Keep checking back!
The color blue has a calming effect.
It causes the brain to release calming hormones.
Time to paint
this new shit go so hard
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!:
I was just voicing disapproval
lol no sorry.
RelationshipsNowdays aren't real but me  my man make the difference!
I love him!!!!
Meetings doneproductive couple of days.
Now to get in some D.C.
museum/gift shop time.
Today in Boston's history: March 14, 1743  The first American town meeting was held at Boston's Faneuil Hall
12/17/2010 Influence That!
Content Management Connection Blog
Join Last Thursday Street Ops team  help LT remain clean fun event.
These guys rock!
Volunteers needed: 8/11 6pm  Fuel Cafe
Did Abraham Washington sign Batista too?
This is a time that you wish you had a twin that spoke fluent spanish.
Good luck Nicole, you can do it!!
no problem!
Sperantsa is thankful for your support!
I need an Around away girl....
though I love both,
Ok who is joining Paul on stage.
You know it's coming.
21 jump street
1 more follower until 200 who will it be?
Lol!
whoa awesome!
insanity tonight?
Scott County girls' basketball wins on Senior Night, topping Pendleton Co.
9352.
and Cindy only suffered from a lisp after that completely reckless seating oh  not growing up as adorable as she was as a kid
Well, sorry about that.
Facebook is just acting up a lot!
Thanks for RT, Tim.
Have a great day.
This is news how?
:
I was born here but my parents are hispanic....
Hbu????
I honestly still don't know what I did to make you not talk to me.
thanks for Bringing willy wonka back to life !!
OMG rad!
Ask for his gorgeous Processing sketch for Adv.
Animation.
It's TOTALLY a collectible wall piece.
DO IT
Blues doctorw first blood 30
Faisal is a pussy and has to get someone else to fight Andoctorw for him.
it was me and you against the world now its me standing alone..
lololololol AP Euro study first.
Mother'sDay approaches and thinking about Jewish Mommies and Daughters.
Diane Wyshogrod has been wrestling with this Dance her whole life.
hey what's your pin BlackBerry ??
The new NEA Arts Ed Survey also indicates that the decline for arts ed happened around the same time
In Kroger eating candy out of the pay by the pound stand;my homie like it say sugar is free;The actual reading was sugar free candy;I'm lmao
There's really only a few ppl, besides my family, that you could ask about me and they'd give you an accurate assessment.
she's working on an album , which will feature Bieber.
and she is working with National Geographic or Animal Planet for a 2 h
My dirty birds, I woke up from night shift exhaustion for this.
Can we please just put points on the board.
In denial.
Not ready 4 it 2 end.
RT Watching the final episode of Friday Night Lights.
Can't believe it's ending.
Sad face.
Damn!!!
Frankie Cartier chill with the DMs dude !!!!
I don't know u like that homie
insurance coverage is shrinking as deductibles are increasing and choices of hospitals are more limited.
Thank you so much for posting the Warren video!
Glad you liked our videos!!
Bad night for GOP all around.
Bad night for FOX.
Hopeful night for SARAH PALIN.
That awkward moment when u see pull into the vd parking lot lmfao
I fucking love you crazy btch
Russel Hantz, of Survivor...
has his own reality show about flipping houses...
oh dear...
New York: it's funny because it's true.
cleaned my room for 5 min.
now Internet break.
lol
Well done, Tony.
And that fish went BACK into the river.
You rock.
Omg that's terrifying.
If you weren't afraid of clowns before....
Love No Light, No Light by so much.
Just saw this white guy get bed out by his girl so I looked at them and made a loud whip noise acting like I had whip.
Life is good :
justin!!
:D
Why is that I feel more productive when I wear heels?
Just got my track uniform...its DISGUSTING.
Just noticed how much easier things will be when I can finally doctorve.
hey miranda you are in a relationship?
please answer ;:::::
Got slammed in the face by a volleyball!
/ the stabbinators were: the people on the bus w/lots of bags  the doctorver.
Happy Birthday, Claudio!
Welcome to our team the new Giving Program Account Coordinator Elli Overton!
that is so disturbing!
Nobodyys perfect , But she perfect for me
I didn't know stating facts was hating.
ooc; How long?
concerned that a media trainer can't make a point or tell a story.
please know that i am always criticizing food.
ooohh I'm intrigued!
looking forward to see what Hosmer's gunna do!!
The feeling that everything worked out for the best :
Please follow me!!!!!!
it would make my year!!!
The new ward map makes looks like you are stuck with us.
The battle for cutest ward baby continues.
Really?
thanks that's very appreciated.
Another long day but hey I can't complain.
Life is aight.
in actualized, TOMS are amazing, i was just unlucky and happened to get my shoe caught and it ripped a hole
I need to be around sane people but I don't know how to force an out of body experience.
Now I ain't sayin she's a gold digger
Have you listened  watched any of our archived webinars?
Lots of great juvenile justice topics from experts in the field...
wow that's crazy.
Any losing player that goes to gaming commission would have a great case.
Ravens 2point no good.
CBS bemoans lack of chips in footballs.
They should talk to
Amazing how everything can change so much in the blink of an eye..
not if someone put a hit out on all the giant players
checkout some episodes of the original series first, it's cheesy good.
Movie seems nothing like it.
uhhuh  1pm analytics session 4 me :
Being A Unicorn
Saw full moon over Vegas Strip tonight.
STFU you think your cool cause you're 2 months older..
I'll have my permit before you dumbass.
did he take BP?
Seemed dope as fuck
I'm only coming if you can get Carson Daly  Jennifer Love Hewitt back together.
Honestly, I even feel defensive when this issue goes mainstream although I KNOW change is needed.
Don't want to be Paper
White iPhone4 To Be Available in Spring 2011 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/whiteiph via
I hope I'm just being an idiot and can't find it.
Not that I want to be an idiot.
I just want my Sherlock!
for real.
hahaha I feel like such a bin bc I've literally been in my bed all day long
Show the video already!
I don't think I can.
: the 39 steps  had a rollickin' good time!!!
Thanks for coming!
retweet if Graduated from an HBCU HBCUFollowTrain Jackson State University Spring 2011
Why does my family hate me tho?
Daily Muse: You will never do anything in this world without courageit is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor!
Aristotle
Missouri, my dear state, you disappoint me.
Goodnight.
that would be the only fake twitter acct worth following
Days are weary.
Each day of Sierra LaMar's disappearance Overwhelming.
Resolution!!!!!!
Thanks for the answer.
Your dedication and perseverance inspire everyone.
Wish you the best in Antarctica!
Stay warm!
Wow....
good bye 1,000 followers.
I guess I'm not worthy :
It's National highfive day!
Sending one from 3,000 miles away right to you!
you are so far away but when I listen to Angels and Gentlemen...
Thanks, Jimmy!!
Right back at you!!
Who's ready to rock tonight?
hey spike.
Big fan.
Still watch X and loved Miracle of St Anna.
Whats Red Hook Summer about?
yes home court, experience  MWP is back!
Bored and i love you
Looking forward to KevinAllen book release next week.
HiddenAgenda b/c each of us pitches every day in one way or another...
Your cool because you talk shit.
I was just watching AF Presents last night!
funny coincidence
Well well Rand Paul's detention by the TSA cracks me up!
RT : Born in a world where I was meant to crumble , statistics try to box me n but watch me over come em
PERFECT Analogy!
Going to see
It's a kind of morning
Make you nausea but be cautious this is not Dotson Creek
Don't walk  text at the same time: Teen on cell falls through sidewalk
very nice.
I can see this taking off.
Is this Peapod?
I just saw an article on Peapod listed in Econsultancy.Thanks for sharing
Can't stand rock chalk chant.
Especially arrogance behind it today.
UK walks to title now.
UNC with Marshall was only competition.
Good old Mysterious Universe!
Used to be one of my favorite podcasts.
Think Ben was a DJ; hence his taste in electric tunes.
Awesome!
: Talked to 300 Serra High School students,all attentive w/ good questions/ a young man who unfurled a banner: Prom?
You too, Robin!
Hope to see you here soon!
Far too many people are looking for the right person, instead of trying to be the right person.
Fantastic!
RT : We'll be in Scottsdale for the whole month of March, hanging out hats 
I've only listened to half of the song.
And I don't really care to hear the rest.
I'm still in shock that we got Peyton Freekin Manning!!!
what r ya doin?
CONGRATS TO AND THE WHOLE CREW !!!!
BEAT BASH 2011 !!!
ITS A WRAP !!!
REALISH TONIGHT ITSAPARTY !!
Shoutout to Wednesday Morning...you grace us w/ your Humpness every week...Appreciate that
And there it is folks!
History in the making.
Why, yes.
I am looking at Dora the Explorer's Facebook page.
40 minute run .
Thanks to for teaching a very accessible class on web servers and for making it happen.
Dear god, that all sounds wonderful.
Chuck bought me a puppy yesterday!
Be jealous, all!
is see that ur on can u plz follow me barely no one is on so this is my chance can u PLZ follow me :
yeah they did him dirty at that table lol  he loved that girl.
Are you kidding me?!
Broncos Orange Crush all the way baby!
Bringing back the Crush!
I love local!
So glad that more and more farmersmarkets are popping up everywhere.
Go organic!
I'll be playing next Wednesday night for worship!
Pretty stoked on it.
follow for a live tweet of brain surgery going on right now
That will show 'em!
Im killin this tourney.
West.
Kentucky beating Illinois was sick and my 2nd 12/5 upset is AZ tonight.
March Madness is better than christmas
Do you know if is on any other show?
He is an amazing actor!!
.
so if you feel a call was missed its ok to make a dirty play on someone else?!?
Guess I don't follow that logic
Me and leiah are bout to smash some bdubs
What are your plans  stay in town or go out of town for the Memorial Day weekend?
It's just two weeks away....
I've got the rest of the day to myself since bailed on me.
Starting with Sushi and may get some gambling in!
I'm also a dork.
Total street cred lethal combo.
:
Its almost Christmas3 Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Life goes on with or without you.
Thank you for your message.
And thank you for your interest in helping the poor of St.
Lucia and Dominica!

holla if you feel like you've been down the same road 
My travel mate don't wear coats or socks, and we are going to Chicago 
Thanks for the advice!!
I'm so excited!I love Demi:
For reals theres always different people getting down, watch one and tell me if its a good fight lol
Thanks for the follow.
I am Antoine.
Let's stay in contact
Good Morning.
Everybody!
You should have some Blackberry's for breakfast.
Love Yuhr Letter Twins!!!
you should have my human kick the shit out of people that don't watch your shit.
Great savings for seniors this Thursday  25 discount off entire purchase  must be at least 65years young!
You smell like melted cheese :
I learned an important life lesson tonight.
People CONFORM.
They really do.
And it is fake as fuck girlfriend.
exactly what I was going to do.
then I kinda grew a heart so it will take a few days.
Goal remains!
Follow Back 3
: Mother nature can suck my dick if its like this at identityfest tomorrow it will be....
French Toast Slam  Dennys 
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
many of them are, but unfortunately not all, so I will miss it.
Be Awesome!
You guys look great.
You give good weather n news 
Lebron and wade is da team slow dem 2 dwn dey aint good as a team my opinion
Had to learn the hard way...
Fighting resolves NOTHING !
Special thanks to for all their support!
They've been helping out so much!
Good Morning!!!
Gonna be a busy day today
its okay
Hittin the Stage tonight!
Come on out and have some fun!
school tomorrow..........
blah D: kill me now i didn't do my homework and don't plan on it
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
sthu girl hear yourself
: right!
This year was awesome!
Our whole class is cool.
And yea I wish that 2 but jade,ali,hussain,delfino,and daphney rnt
Very excited for the show this Friday
at the top of my lungs I'm giving it back
thanks but I'm not a mother.
Happy Birthday!!
I did not think you were 48.
You look 35 at the most!
Hope you had a great day!
yeah buddy
Rumi Tobita presenting on how to improve ESL course design by allowing students control over texts and lesson plans.
Passive  demotivating.
EDITING, EDITING EDITING.
HAVENT REALLY EVEN HAD A MINUTE TO GET ON HERE!
WHATS GOOD?
Thanks for sharing the Parkway news.
Shop there?
Tomorrow is Thanksgiving!
How do you plan on spending the holiday?
it was amazing and like I told erin topping it off chating with my chicas is jus making it perfect3 glad yours was good love3
yeyah!
my craving soon shall return....
is looking forward to a little R  R.
Thxs to for bringing additional excitement to the 'FullyInked' apparel market!
What would you image on your shirt?
Thanks for the RT's Nigella!
How've you been?
I'm slowly working my way back to NM from OH.
Not clear why I'm in MD.
FF Season 2 trailer out today!
Just returned from my nephew Thomas' award ceremony where he received the Academic Achievement Award.
Congratulations Thomas!
Lmao, this young man said,Scream if ya p...y clean.
Way to go Gopher hockey teams!!!
We moved!!!!
Look for us at 2600 n.
high!!!!!
I know where you live too
Smh they bad .
Oh, uh...
Yeah I'll let you and Jared be super bummed about that one...
Newt overreacted, IMO.
If he has nothing to hide, he should answer the question.
We're glad to hear you enjoyed Rain!
I perspired threw my poors so pore today!
RT : I through the ball threw the hoop.
I want to stop cussing SO BAD, but I swear its so hard.
:/
if you right up a blog about this let me know.
I'm curious what ATT did and why they said they did it.
libchat Q4 I like Annoyed Librarian, just to keep me grounded and reading a different pointofview...
Simpsons set in Springfield...Oregon :
Lieberman has a right to bark, and sites have a right to ignore  or not.
Maybe a little venom for the cavers?
Gingras: Computational journalism lets us build databases that can be persistent, automated investigative reports
Our friends from Mix 94.1 FM Radio are here until noon.
Come say hello and meet Smokey Bear and Woodsy Owl too!
Enjoy a day of sitting around in your PJs doing absolutely nothing.
Sometimes a weekend is for nothing more complex than that.
Happy B Day Talli!
Enjoy ur day!
evry decision you make moves you closer or further away from your goals!
Just like that the weather got shitty
Any news about doctoramhack Winter groups ?
:
Happy Birthday man!!!
Follow Mi Prima !
amazingly enough, yes.
Not that I've ever seen one with signs of use, though.
lessexcitingbandnames The Basset Hound Gang
follow yah dude we got it in when u was in KC a couple years back
I'm asleep.
Life is short, make the most of it, love.
this started with me requesting that i die by being stabbed to death by good music.
Neighborhood 3 continues tonight and tommorw!
More shows next week.
he's okay I was distracted by the doctorlling...
Mehhh now I'm off to An audition.
Yay!
I really hope this isnt going to turn into a fight...
I'd assume 's book on VC would addoctorss it, but it's a can of worms if you don't stay involved in the co.
FINALLY GOT MY LAPTOP FIXED
A recent poll put Facebooks favorable rating among Americans at 58, well behind Apple and Google via
Thanks!
Please let us know if you have any questions.
:
I thought you knew that i was crazy.
I let my actions speak loud!
Phone been dead
StopSDGEPowerlink on March 7!
Ask me how.
damn them shits fire!
maybe we can collab and chop it up a bit let me know.
is welcomed to Hawaii.
lusty!
That might be my new favorite burger description!
I'm totally going to squeeze that into my next burger review
...yay I'm NF you!!
It finally worked lol...btw, welcome to twitter!!
:
Depends on what symbols you want.
Everywhere I go bitches alwayss kno that charlie sheen has got a weiner that he loves to show bitch x
Never would have thought that I could be excited about a bank but...
I'm really looking forward to trying out Simple.
R.i.p.
To all my niggaz smh
: It's a sad world we live in when gets eliminated before Dayana.
Welcome to Reality TV!
U are still there?
Lucy's dance studio in DUBLIN Ohio doesn't cancel classes for nat'l or bank holidays, but they do cancel for St.
Patty's Day.
Thanks  Code Compliance for removing nearly 3 tons of trash from a meth lab in a Clairemont canyon
just saw your tweet, thanks!
I think it went well.
RT: : This is one of those magically beautiful nights in Oklahoma when I can't imagine living anywhere else.
Good luck to Jerry York and BCHockey in their Frozen Four matchup tomorrow night!
good luck at SXSW I live in Austin now, but won't be there this year
Guys just wanna get in every girls pants.
NO SHIT BITCH
I've added a 10 piece 'extra crispy' to my bucket list
No stress.
sounds good
some call it stalking, i call it a creepy/crazy way of showing affection for 5 boys who don't know i exist.
heh.
whatevs.
:
Troy Davis will live on as a reminder of our broken justice system.
Congratulations to , the National Capital Radio  Television Museum, Bowie, MD, on yesterday's launch of their new name!
Im finna lose like 10 lbs on that broken jaw diet.
You bite like cigarettes and pickles.
marian Claire Byrne is excellent.
She is devoid of the RTE institutional mindset.
Does not speak from both sides of her mouth.
More pls.
eeew.
what's that odor?
is it stinko demaio?
.
I did a lot of soul searching, but couldn't bring myself to vote against , in fakeaccount for
What about subway?:O Got one round the corner from me; Always singing the subway song ; xx
Just Know I Am Thinking About YOU !
TY for the badge!
How would you transcribe the sound of a bow tie spinning around?
I'm thinking there should be multiple z's involved.
?
thank you do you wanna do a tinychat now?
Has The Softest  Breasts Ever : 3 .
I know!
Do the right thing for all is too much for politics.
He's still in Afghanistan but should be home in november...FINALLY.
i emailed you a few photos :
lmao long time no talk
Dass right!!
I'm all treble now in my whip
I'll take your word for it.
:
yesterday and the hair stylists screwed it up so now my hair is 4 inches shorter instead of 2 inches and im freaking pissed
Andoctorw Jones extended the yankees lead as he hit a two run shot
Ur supposed to be there to wipe away my tears, not MAKE me cry...
Y r boys so obnoxious sometimes!?
honestly?
No.
but i'm telling you anyway: 50 shades of gray.
TwitterAfterDark died out?
Gmail is worse.
MacMail is where it's at.
Treat yourself to a romantic vacation.
Allinclusive resorts, cruises, wedding packages, all at incredible prices.
www.FreeXpedia.com
you tell 'em
is a beast!
doctoraming we live for today not tomorrow
the main character you know it is a remake there is no more originality left in tv these days he played Steve McGarett
Hey , will you be at any more of the USPro festivals?
We're in love with your Peanut Butter  Jelly and Coconut Cream Pie bars!
how do u get pics on twitter...?
Serious question: Why is Twitter so much spammier than Facebook or other social media platforms?
MUST MAKE.
Thanks for posting!
:
I do believe you're right.
Caveat: ignore direct messages from me, as it appears I've been phished!
Yes we do!!
I'll ping you next week when I know how my schedule is to see if you can squeeze me in.
I got you back...your going down Granny!!!lol
NOTHING THESE IDIOTS DO OR SAY MAKES SENSE
The rest of my 50shadesofgrey books came today.
Come to mama.
HidesUnderBed RT : Q5.
There are no secrets here!
Which Chicago newscaster do YOU have a crush on?
I had my DNA analyzed.
It came back with four main components.
Bacon, Chocolate, Coffee  Crazy.
hey wats up
And your account got hacked and you sent out spam hahs
Case of bizee brain this morning.
Going to attempt channeling it towards chores and making breakfast.
I have no idea what I'm talking about I'm so fucking bored
also in 3 years will be when Back to the Future 2 took place.
when your twitter acts like an RTard 
Omg yea I was up there for a bit!!
Saw a bunch of ppl I knew Shoulda said hi!
out to go to sleep so i can go to school then football p the wark
awesome.
Let me know if you want to write a guest post about your trip.
I'd love to feature you/your photos.
You Look Like Ices Brown On Her Period.
On a !
: client RT : If you have a startup and you haven't signed up for s.co and followed then do it
KirshenblattGimblett: In Eastern Europe, getting access to an archive requires being nice to archivist, and wine and flowers
now i feel bad smfh
For those who don't already know, I'll be the State Journal's mister Crazylegs on Saturday.
Three stories to come.
I will not be silenced by by Will Wheaton!
Dulce de Leche with ANYTHING, Ritz crackers, bananas, toast, flan, or just a big heaping spoonful.
Love it
Gary Busey Approves this message!
take a camera and record the movie lol i havent seen it
interesting turn of phrase.
Meaning?
Bought time I saw some serious bowl games on the tele...
geez!
now i got to get more thing and my car is completely set.
thanks god i bought a good car this time
Need breads or dessert for your holiday dinner?
Place your special orders for Easter now!
Beautiful day 2 b in Brentwood.We will be at 210 Westwood Place fm 11130.Seating is available!!
Hope 2 see you there and have a blessed day
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they avoid destructive emotions.
damn humane society commercial made me cry
So I don't think anyone understands how much I wanna go to wiz khalifas concert :
what up
I like the Newt cost of going through the process suggestion as well.
AND YOU AND YOU AND YOU YOU'RE GONNA LOVE ME.
Totally putting on that soundtrack right now.
hahahahaha omg it is so sick.
But actually better quality than I was expecting!
Laughing as I'm picturing Tosh's synopsis.
same here!
Miss you too man.
Feels like it's been forever.
Back to Seattle late this weekend...
Good Night Twitter world.
my week is almost over.
I'm ready...
don't ask me what for, but I'm ready dammit!
Seattle, I will be in you on Memorial Day weekend :
Got a few tweets saying that tonight it looked like the Sox were actually playing baseball.
Well put.
Bored this morningg but last night was on point I hadd a great new years in new york city !
o ok well im going to go l8r :
I WUBBIE HIM!!
I met a old guy named Rudy today!
Why is it Dairy Queen restaurants can't figure out the difference between a malt and a shake?
I'd say shake if that's what I wanted.
Sheesh!
it all comes natural to a G
Why are shallow people the most likely to complain about how shallow people are?
I agree.
SNS diminishes fear of others'  peaks interest in others based on content regardless of color
Just like the Rolling Stones Sticky Fingers album cover I was a little underwhelmed.
looking presentation on differentiated instruction.
love the learning styles pie charts!
just a great show that nails it!
Keep using perpage on there, just can't use the page parameter : I'll see if we can make perpage and count are interchangeable.
Okay, who's tired today?
That sure looks like the den of a mad scientist.
Please do.
No one listens to me, or consults me on this.
They just wanted me to embed it, and it's not embeddable.
Thank you Killington for snowing 2 feet the moment I left.
I guess I still have Santa Fe Steak to remember
in my mind he's saying it with an incredulous snarl.
14th SDCChiHack is TheMIX, an opensource platform to make a personal YouTube video channel curated by your friends
Making vector silhouettes of monuments for a web comic, Richmond Monuments.
Tracing photos with the pen tool makes me nauseous.
Define your own success.
Create freedom for someone else.
Inspire.
Educate.
Urgently
may I sneak into Tiger Heat in your butthole?
Me at my house : Tweeting Me at school to my friends : Do you know that austin is my man ?
Me in my bed : doctoraming of him3
Come on Cats!
Bring home
Sorry I'm not more frequent with the mail.
I don't have anyone to tell.
You are all I care about.
I don't want to know anyone else.
U can hate the spurs or love them, but you must respect them...
i was pissed, i almost punched him in the face
...
u so dirty lol
Good Morning San Diego!!!
Brrr It's cold out there so come into Hollywood Tans and warm up in one of our tanning booths.
Have a great Monday
shoutout to for the early debates.
follow them.
they're Lakers fans to the heart
at least, the members in my area were shocked and for the most part not in favor of this endorsement.
Reminder, our parade press conference begins in 1hr at !
Mayor Barrett, County Exec Able and Irish dancers will be there!
I'm looking forward to using it.
Williams Island is elegant and serene, featuring many amenities, including 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa.
Big recommendation for the Larry Crowne movie.
Your Welcome Im Fine You Are So Hot :
Just walked in on my dog eating bubble gum ......
im nothing special, really i promise.
thnx my dude.
I'm humbled
This weekend shouuld be tight!
Lasagna is inherently monstrous.
congratulations!!!
10K to celebrate?
Um...
I thought you were in beta already LOL!
Thanks for the RT!
For future reference though, I rarely use Twitter.
If you have a pressing concern, please email me for an immediate response.
thanks to Nick at Nite a whole generation of us love Davy Jones and the Monkees.
Seriously I am so depressed.
Go Team Alex Russo!!
I knew she would win!!
I'm still sad that WOWP will be no more but good luck with future projects :
I have just completed my lamestever doctorwsomething doctorwing, which is saying something.
Isn't practice supposed to improve one's skill?
The Men in Black
feel better!!
I think I'm going to treat myself to a frozen pizza after my test.
WHAT
If came to Indianapolis, it would be the best night of my life.
soo melissa's coming over on friday.
do my parents know how to properly ground me?
ithinknot bonfire at 10 woo!
Howdy!
Long time!
Have you moved on from ?
Yeah boy!!!
Road trip to Julian with Woohoo!
Why did I not bring Hirsch  Spitzer's book with me?
It's a lovely sunny day in Newark  what is everyone doing this weekend?
iDC WHAT ANYBODY SAYS, I DONT NEED TO MAKE UP FAKE PEOPLE..
SMH !
iF YOU DONT BELIEVE MY LIFE, THEN DON'T BEE MY FRIEND !
THIS GO TO ANYONE!

Dude!
I was just about to  you!
lol
I love those people who follow me even if I hardly ever tweet.
PAWS Up!!
For being a little monster
sdmayornp Fletcher: I work with everyone, I am consistent, there's time for new ways to solve our problems.
Thank you so much for the hanger idea for your Hanger idea!
I am so on board!Thank you to 4 giving the heads up!
Valid point, I guess not...
followed.
please follow me back RT follow if i follow you!
Please?
rs
Opportunity keeps knocking and I'm getting kinda tired of ignoring it.
kmsl.
I just said the same thing.
man y does my lil sister piss me of so freakin much it 2 a point 2 where i cant take it any more......aint that sum shizzzz
BULLS showing some fight!
FINALLY!!!
Way to go Taj!
Just switched to google chrome to solve my dilemma.
Just a tip to those also having trouble.
There is relief!
Hey Myspace When You Get Chance Plz Stop By THe Page Nd Listen TO Da Tackz.Plz Suppourt 'DA COme Up  Movement.
Forget Love!
I would rather fall in chocolate!
:P
Why are Albert Pujols Scott Rolen and so many other great players sucking so far this season?
Feels like more than usual on the hitting side
google The Mulligan Project, it's my new favorite music...
can't even describe the vibe...
so chill and dark 
it's an expression.
Look it up.
All my One Tree Hill followers and regular followers follow
Thx for your RT's last week!
We reached our goal  donated 1K to the Hoglund fam.
Getting their little boy soon!
Thank you for coming to my party :
Cool man...see you there..that is my alma mater!
im so happy tomorrows friday but i hate friday cuz of the tests!
:
thank you boo!
you need to bring that baby pet combo over to this office!
we love babies!
will be here for another 11 hours.
I 3 you!
Lol just thought I'd let you know.
SERIOUSLY!
BIRDMAN STOP RAPPING.
You suck.end of discussion.
good look bro
Chicago Teachers' Fund: In '99 we were 100 funded.
City always only paid around 40.
60 of ppl in fund make less than 50k.
300 make 100k
Thanks for the review!
I love starting my day arguing on the train about how you can't fit your fat ass in the small space that my ass happens to not be occupying.
I do!
This is so not going to work.
He's adamant that it would be impossible to be in a relationship.
That's my point no back up plan and no respect!
Jerry Buss never would have allowed Stern to pull that crap!
Just at any time?
Seriously, LeRoy is passé.
For a serious program such as , Id bet Kodak.
It absolutely is.
Nobody does MatchDay like EVMS!
EFG is seeking a Marketing/PR person.
Submit a resume to .
Know someone?
Send them this link.
I'm in!!
RT To see or not to see  that shouldn't be the question.
Hamlet by is 9/2210/9.
Check vid bit.ly/rlvSFP
ORA : Oh, you're a single girl with needs?
Whore.

Vidal Sassoon has passed.
No, not Gore Vidal.
And I know, the pictures look like Barry Goldwater...
DTLA How many people do you feel visit coffee shops during DTLA Artwlk?
We ca place your sleeve ads right in their hands too.
So it's two tweets and out then?
Free sake tonight!!
There's this thing on Twitter I just used.
Its called Reply All ya nincompoop.
Nice.
That's the story of my life already.
It would be appropriate.
FUCK U U BITCH!!
FUCK U  THE PUSSY  DICK THAT CREATED U!
EAT SHIT, doctorNK PISS  DIE U HOE!
QUIT SENDIN US SPAM SHIT!
When You Love Someone Guide Them In The Right Path DontLoveWhenItsConvient Love is a strong word be committed to it.
Feeling a liitle stressed?
We've got the solution.
Great handmade skin products to soothe your skin and your senses.
Come check us out.
this sounds so great !
love thrillers and i'm writing one myself.
I always wish my fellow writers the best.
Staying up late is less appealing when the sun leaves so early :/
I hope people don say Jordan copied The Best Song Ever because he's had this written for a while.
where have u been, praying for u hope all is well with u and the family...
and that you're not pulling out ur hair LOL GBU!
Facebook should change the status question from Whats on your mind?
to Whats your problem today?
The simple act of caring is heroic.
Edward Albert
Bout to get stupid doctornk and go to sleep..
lmfao if I was a true fan no but he's not so I understand
Is it melting in DNP yet?
Happy FF!
watchin a live black sabbath video projected on a church.
is that ironic?
don't give away my books!
I'll be there tomorrow...
a huevo.
We actually looked into this a few years ago, but at that time, they couldnt handle a conference of our size.
Lakers lost tonite...
Its not the end of the series so calm dwn haters!
Happy Birthday!!!
Participants are about to present.
Having so much fun at ckiICON!
National Portrait Gallery  Face to Face blog: Conserving Civil War ...
Why don't websites or news websites ever cite the original research?
So frustrating.
Thanks Momma!
I think I found the secret to instant weight loss, I've TN since 8/1 rode my bike for the last 2 days and doctorp 7lbs.
Humidity is the secert
Thank you!!
You are great!!
SinceImBeingHonest I am going to miss some people around here.
please i love you follow me 
I just watched Ghosts of Machu Picchu on Netflix.
Amazing.
It was the Emperor's estate.
Where you going punk.......hmu
Seeing my family have it all took the place of that desire for diplomas on the wall
S/O to all the nigga buying oz of weed and swear he swanning!!
1st phase: flagship  most control, reaches the fewest kids
ah, right.
Sigh.
Roommate is taking a marathon shower.
At this point, I'm just waiting on him
what is this music...
RedTails was excellent, treat yourself this weekend
started new notebook for future projects cause my mind keeps wandering there, even tho i have to finish a billion projects 1st
I love ur tweets there so true  fucking hilarious
lmaoooooo o lordyyy and u know I would too!
Xoxo
FNF8 is June 2nd in Cleveland, Ohio.
Support the Cleveland Assassin  Frank The Tank.
Don't buy gear from Impostor Clothing Companies
homeless and future homeless when the BIG QUACK comes!
Like my plan for Camp Freedom, on the corner of 16th and 7th and
We all know the world's largest social network is Facebook but how many know that Qzone, with nearly 1/2 billion users, is 2?
You taught me about the power of positive thinking.
I'm sure you'll do fine.
Going on a little train ride for the first time in over 3 years.
RT : Lets get this President the second term he deserves.
Joe
I'm an Apple fanboy but I buy all my books from Amazon because I can read it anywhere.
We're goona have some fun tonight!
I am so tired form the Royals and Cardinals Game last night
Not knowing climate in Shreveport, pIcked up assortment of reeds at Vandoren store for this week's Brian Blade Fellowship recording
The subtweets on my TL within the past few hours 
Good Morning and Happy Monday!
That doesn't sound good.
Is that remorse for something?
Or sickness?
Potential isnt something I was given at birth; rather, its something I develop.
I really never wanted the fame...
It's Kool to be known,but that don't feed my kids!!!
Definitely forgot that the Cardinals won the World Series last year.
Shows how much I've paid attention to baseball because of Frank McCourt
RT from Iran lies about demonstrators mixed w/ antigov thugs  IRIB wantto turn ppl against Mousavi  hack them pls
That's an amazing assortment!
how r u by the way?!
What a sad day, the world has lost another amazing singer Rip
Day 38 of 100: I am thankful for focusing on the good side of people and events.
can i come over earlier??
nah, I don't haven't even played it yet lol .
how are you though?
Staying Edge?
Fuck oomf for now he's not worth my time
Took my first trip today.
Enjoyed dinner with my brother and picked up some groceries.
Great success!
gosh, I hope someone recorded it /:
Damn my team foolin
Let's go Flyers!!
Beat da Devils!!
Happy Easter to all!
best idea you've come up with yet!
I'm makin phone calls
doctorgrace is the most fab.
Personality pro and fashion
Have you been to Edoctornkit.com today??
Memphis just joined as well..
Did you know that approximately onequarter of Americas sugar is grown in Florida?
On HSP Ruffin overbetting pots MEGA like 3x pot, fkin insane.
Pro's must be think OMG I make bank or this guy can totally suck out n felt me
ah thank you!!!
Haha I'm addicted to this game.
That's what I meant, the flaminggoat.
I get the goat and the shocker mixed up though.
hey guys!
I havent been on in a while cause I went on a class trip to Washington DC : but now i'm back and ready to party lol :D izzy
Casey Anthony caseu WoW
test presses for Tirra Lirra album arrived.
sound awesome!
getting close now.
I think the remix used to be about enhancing the original artist's version, not your own.
But that has changed
I saw him mowing the neighbor's lawn.
I'm always shocked my wife doesn't get carded because she looks younger than her age to me.
Don't let anyone look down on you because you're young, but set an example in speechconductlovefaith  purity 1 Tim 4:12.
Hello Ireesha: We are an admirer of your determination and abilities.
Best of luck to you.
Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
Perty day on the lake!
I was gonna go up to Maryland to see you and ATL but I don't think I am anymore :
It's Record Store Day at !
Rare vinyl  exclusives!
Garbage signing at 3:30
I have no idea.
MINE STOPPED BLEEDING
hey!
I hope everything is going great with your music!
U still need to come to missouri:
Pullin for my man on Chopped.
Food Network  tune in now!
OMG!!!!!
Me jelly and did you talk to him?!?!
Shhhh!
I'm not here.
Somewhat a non sequitor, but I wish they threw season ticket holders a bone for renewing w/ lockout on horizon.
Might get a lot of shit for this but I also have never been to a heat game and I was born and raised in Miami /:
Welcome to San Francisco, John!
How are you enjoying your time in San Fran?
np Block B Close My Eyes ...
I think I'm going to break the replay button!
Actually just overheard You've Got Mail
Looking into a way to help people improve their golf game next year.
: What's the biggest pageant lesson you had to learn the hard way?
you get more with honey than vinegar
Feelin Good!
Living Life!
Just ate supper and it's almost time for bed!
Ordered a new phone and I'm really excited!
It will come tom.
I won't be back til Mon.
Poo
Closed today
hey I've been good.
Still grinding ...yaself ?
not everything public is accurate, relevant, respectful, or important to cultivation/securing a gift
haha yeah, Blackboard is a complete joke.Its been horrible all semester.I'm getting cheated out of a grade because of it in 1 class
2012c19 notion of colorblind racism springs fully formed after end of Civil War and emancipation.
CF Michael Stancliff's paper.
The helicopter move was bad ass!!!
You look hot!
There's a free DARK SHADOWS screening this morning?
Where?
I've gotta see it at some point today, too.
goodafternoon, it was in brief passing but good to see you as well.
SO BUSY!
Blagojevich watch continues.
No sign of Rod, but his wife doctorve away a short time ago.
He will make a statement at 5pm.
Watch it on NBC5!
Getting ready to hear about Outstanding books for the College Bound I'm excited to hear about books.
Announcing the birth of my first baby, Benjamin Michael.
He is 7 lbs, 8 oz, and 100 adorable.
I think Kareem might of gotten away with one there.
We'll take it.
doctorts.
Forgot about the dates announcement.
Feel free to announce it  the form, if any.
Thanks!
There's a party in your bedoctorom all night long!
can't sleep !
metaphysical tasks take the most energy: staying present, thinking creatively, rejecting all 'acceptable' options, courage to be yourself.
NyQuil, the best nightime, sniffling, sneezing, coughing, aching, fever, holy shit there's a doctorgon in my kitchen, medicine
Strand Events Today: Our first Dinner and a Movie, Casablanca.
Dinner and Movie: 20, Movie Only: 10.
Incl.
doctornk
I'm really, really hot/every time MARC records doctorp/OCLC says I won't stop/cos I'm killin'em.
sounds fun!
I just made strawberry kumquat jam!
Might not be enough pectin, either add pectin or whole lemons chopped in 2
Just got back from Vegas and directly to Supperclub for my weekly party.
Nightlife never sleeps!
You embarrassed yourself interviewing Rand Paul.
Moron.
I want that
I can't stop smiling right now!
If you reach out to the world with all that you have, like a star, you can never be hidden no matter where you are.
Moboluwaji Raphael Ojo
RT : .
threatened to tongue slap us.
I'm not sure what to say.
Humans are delicious
MUSIC TONIGHT WITH NEIL KAMMILLER AND GERRY KEATING!!!
6:00PM
Nowplaying Finally Famous in the office!
Can you quyss help me trend HappyBirthdayValerie ?:
Likewise.
Let's absolutely link up.
That sounds so great.
: how about you just leave Guthrie alone.
He's a good guy.
He answered everyone's questions too He did, but stay off bike!
Just waking up to head to the airport...
Need coffee
i'm even better in person!
Go to pooper's next wknd!!
missing the connection between starveandoctorlease and I1082 is your issue, not ours.
lol le duh 
Tebows got his own sandwich now!!
The JetsBow!!!
Amazing ManningSucks he doesn't have his own sandwich.!.!.
Hahaha
lol let her keep bitching....
she probably cries herself to sleep because he's dating you.
I'm a complicated person.
Aaaahhh
Vancouver fans have alot of disdain for NYR's.
Especially Messier.
Come Check out our new doctornk specials, call to be added to our Guest List!!!
Our Phoenix music features English 
Are you going to that bluegrass festival?
Me and Shelby are interested in tagging along
Okay I just woke up please tell me bayern won!!!
At the wine and seafood festival and learning so much!
I love this!
good escape from the black hole of infinitely recursive circular logic
Swan, geese, it's all pâté
All 400 fans here are gettin rowdy
Motivated to make some healthy choices for my family.
Step 1: Don't refill sugar canister.
Loving the posts on finecraft from CraftBoston.
Makes it come alive!!
So wish I could be there.
Hope everyone has a great show.
Severe damage throughout North Texas.
Arlington, Lancaster, Forney hit hard by tornados.
thanks for spreading the word and bringing awareness to the facts on homelessness!!
This for all the girls that hold it down, gettin beat on by their man Respect women, I dont care if they a 2 or a 10
Til they change their hair
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE U!
I wish I can see u I actually saw u.......
Sarah Miller joins our gowing Cleveleand team as our newest Staff Engineer on September 28th!
Welcome to NTH, Sarah!
where u goin??
: an hour??
you could've WALKED to union station from dodger stadium in less time.
Yup.
: 
Rebetika part of an attempt to reHellenize Grecian cultureoriginally viewed as oriental, marginal in the new social order
yeah mine get mad so they scream at each other
I know all about pre amps.
Too long for 140 characters.
doctornks should be involved.
:
where are the handbags from?!
They are so cute!
But Bopara gives more balance right now.
Someone who can spell the quicks for 45 overs.
Tournies all day today then some starcraft tonight.
Gomtv.net is awesome IMO
Nap city, nap nap city.
Just cause we fuck our first time dating doesnt mean im not gnna take u serious...just mean we both think alike lol
: Goodnight twitter im out!!
; where at?
You leave him outside?
It was a good night thanks
Speaking of the sun, using sunblock a brilliant way to slow done the aging process of the skin!
Out with my friends!
Tell me more!
RT Presenters have noted inspiration from artists using mobile social.
HANG ON
As the world chants TGIF, theatre folk merely buckle down for the 5 show weekend.
Is it me, or does Thank God It's Monday just sound WRONG?
This may be my favorite tweet of all time.
Pandora is on point early in the a.m!
;
We have LIMITED spots avail for Webisodes, shows, talk shows and media for our global network launching early 2012.
Contact me for info!
I think we're getting that rain soon.
I got like 4 hours of sleep last night and my neck is all out of whack.
I need naps.
aw I guess u a Lakers fan!
Smh sorry to hear that!
thank you
Special Edition of the 5 O'Clock Happy Hour with  Listen in!!!!!
i know I have been he's more heart broken then anything and he kept telling me not to touch here
I get all of my best thinking done in the shower.
I'm just poking around online looking for something.
Not sure what I'm looking for.
Just looking for something.
Probably need a nap.
yep..and we're getting darn serious about spreading the word.
no need to doctorve North for great wine.
Its here..
Spread the word: WCSS Quality Enhancement Initiative is holding information sessions for 13 star centers.
Learn more www.wakesmartstart.org
Abbie is bending over the cradle, her face full of terror yet with an undercurrent of desperate triumph.
DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS
At APU Graduation.
How can one event be so joyous, sad, conservative, obnoxious, exciting  boring all at once?
I'VE GIVEN UP EVERYTHING IN EXCHANGE FOR BEING ALONE!
: Why is it so easy for you to blame?
I'm only human  WE'RE ALL THE SAME.
Go get fish.
They need hooked on spelling before hooked on phonics
haha.
Glad you enjoyed.
good morning to you to!
Well me, just getting ready for school x
Hey A Jay!
Attn Artist, Song Writers, Producers and, AR's has a few slots open email me at for more info
that slut need a longer skirt, her feet was too big LOL
Portland Historic Races kick off today...
Are you planning on attending?
my account was hacked, problem corrected, I hope.
Sorry!
I am now following the twitter because whomever runs it is a complete boss!
Haha I love their humor!
If you enjoyed that QLC article then you would LOVE the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time  stratejoy.com !
:
7 Plays in 7 Days on broadcast.
I like it.
Arsenal really need to act right!
Future fivestar LB from the class of 2014 Raekwon McMillan adds offers today from FloridaState and
Equine Campground
just wat i need dam
WEDDING DAY!
Finally here!
Forget the Revolution, this wedding will be Tweeted LIVE!
Can't wait for these new electro/house releases we have coming out.
ChuckNorris once beat the sun at a staring contest.
Are you in Richmond?
If so, happy to get together for coffee.
Fina get doctorssed And start my day
Do you think he died?
I just saw  Mirror Mirror.
The things we do for Julia Roberts.
can't wait to see you!!
Well I hope u have a good day!
:
I'm sick.
It's 85 degrees out.
There is only one cure.
if course!
A family member talked to someone on your team about it today at sxsw in Austin..
I hate myself.
I just wanna crawl in a corner and die.
I'm so srry hun.
Haven't heard of it and don't plan on going.
Doesn't seem like a lot of K12 ed decision makers will be there.
I hear ya, that was how it was with my mom, God took her home, 10 years ago September 20th, miss that laugh, enjoy it!
Happy Sunday morning twitter friends : Enjoying a cup of coffee.
I hope to get my thoughts in the right place soon.
This is getting old.
Metal Mittens
I hated school.
Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me.
The poor little kids.
Dolly Parton
I'm so bad now I have no desire to get back out there
It's like I have ants  in my pants and can't sit still with all this excitement 
You're the reason I check my phone every 5 minutes, just to see if I have a new message.
how u like this bio class?
I'll have to take you to the when you come visit.
I still want a reader of some kind soon.
Hahahahahah you have someone I dont know check my tweets?
Cute?
Get over me
.
Thanks for following!
Great minds discuss ideas,average minds discuss events,small minds discuss people
We must be warriors in the struggle against ignorance.
Maya Angelou
This is a God who is not identified with the help of a dictionary but through a relationship.
Kathleen Norris
Odor field paintings and color field aim tongs.
Cat food paintings for the cat with everything.
I wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas and a very healthy  professortable new year.
I followed;
June 25th MGM, I will see you there Ms.
Spears!
NJ war monument's Christmas lights doctorw reprisals  The Associated Press NJ war monument 's Christmas lights doctorw reprisals The Associate
I'm going to cry because of my lack of fishbowls this week
I think they secretly like it :
Everyone deserves the opportunity to be educated up to their best ability
I really don't want to see another live action show on Cartoon Network at any time of day.
clean backyard  check, write AAHSL site visit report  sigh, unchecked.
When Mel Gibson was told that he was voted Sexiest Man Alive he responded, That implies a lot of dead guys got more points than me!
So scared that I'm going to trip and fall in my wedges at the seniors graduation this year 
Icecream moose tracks pickles n loud finally n da hse
Five years ago: A U.S.
patrol was attacked south of Baghdad; four Americans and an Iraqi interpreter were killed, three soldiers were
I see.
Surprised how many millennium users have primo on this panel.
Know I want to know if the Reprints icon worked in your Google Analytics project, !
This guy is obsessed!
no fukkn doctorma im serious !
if there is i will not talk to the starter !
send me some shit...
I can promo it...
Videos and cameos...
Clubs....
Photoshoots...
MCDM546 I'm an andoctorid user, but isn't it possible to have your iPhone remote bricked through the apple store?
sweet take your time!
:D
Ending this beautiful day with an intense hot yoga class!
Yay for me
infsum IJ on iPhone with Stanza  perfect!
Footnote links work AND a built in dictionary.
Thanks 
that song for your mom made me cry...
:' good to see love for the moms 3
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great day!
When you and your pants have reached the point where it's no longer nessecary to fuss with the buttons and zippers
Stage fright is a result of deep stemming inadequacy problems.
Get to the root of why you're incompetent.
One major personality characteristics of this horoscope combination is a proneness to frustration which comes from your excessive intensity.
If I were to doctorp something off at your office....will somebody open the door for me??
Anyone in London recommend a good improv class?
For a Yankee pal who's visiting.
Thanks!
OH on 6th/PA Ave, mother to crying child: You are only 3 years old, get over it!
Now playing Bad bitches
Oh man I've missed HIMYM.
Lily does a shot of tequila over new baby Marvin...
Thomas thank you, and your paintings are amazing!
Are you guys going to the Google Engage event tomorrow?
system, doesn't quite get it.
He is a great player, and should be paid.
HIs age be damned
hey, txt me during school
I'm a professorssor,  I totally played Bring it on to some students on the softball team.
It was a good playoff song for them!:
Absolutely.
I live for these moments when I am immersed in my work.
can i be in it?
lol jk
don't sensationalize this, never claimed they didn't matter, but its about the horse Jeremy.
Don't claim the jockey matters more
: oh chetttttt dj el hombre!
: and meet TATO lol holla me for any parties!
I still live with my mother...even in heaven.
blacklatern loves that song motivation
Chairman Issa sent at least three letters in support of clean energy projects in California.
game on babe
Never thought I'd be able to use the words FAIL and North Korea Missile in the same sentence.
that's what I said!
Lol
Throwing on sweats and a baggy shirt for school
what said!
Anybody awake?
Text?
I've never had olive bread.
Sounds interesting and tasty.
ME2 endboss?
Nightmare fuel.
Had to be said.
Er, tweeted.
fat azz lol I want some :
Sometimes...
sometimes I think being mad is one of the best things.
Because suddenly I gain courage  I can say the things I was afraid to
Beautiful day at the City Market, I highly recommend paying it a visit and supporting the local vendors.
PVLA trains new legal services coordinators this week and opens for intake Jan.
9
Happy Friday Cleveland!!!
Anyone have an event coming up that they need some help with!!?
We're here for you!
The BestTextMessages provide a bleak picture into the soul of a person that says everything, but yet nothing at all.
Right back atcha Josh!
Always rad to see fellow Canadian Indies killin' it.
Go !
CYBERMONDAY ALMOST OVER GET YOUR 50 OFF WHILE ITS AVAILABLE
Have you seen MTV's show called 'skins'?
underage characters giving BJ's, having LOTS of sex and doing doctorgs
Back from an amazing Firewalk weekend in New Jersey....5000.
People...wow
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us
Be free from yourself, and from becoming someone else's reason for being bound...
Going to see my boy :
THAT WAS SO SICKK!
It's too bright.
I need darkness.
Complete darkness.
On the way to Lake Placid...
Hey Brian, knock knock!
....Who's there?
Two best friends building a house together
We sure are!
The show runs for 5 performances this weekend!
thank you :
popoed ...so you with the feds now?
Yeah pay with 100 and tip 7.
thanks you too
Heading out into the torrential downpour...
and what's sure to be a parking lot on RT 66.
doctorve home safely everyone!
love childhood definitions my kid bro once defined a museum as a zoo where all the animals are dead.
so i am disapointed i never got to read it : send it to me or something
SUMMER HURRY UP
lol we tried 
Bacon smells so good
I asked my mom to borrow a doctorll yo put up something at my place.
She asks, do you know what you're doing?
I tell her, I think so.
:
Some say  tonight's code for Mitt Romney.
it is totally underrated
Wprth repeating today: vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote
That sound flipflops make when they hit the bottom of your foot 
Happiness Rule 2  Free your mind from worries...
Three Mississippi
Rented a Will Farrell movie assuming it would be funny.
It's even classified comedy/doctorma.
Everything Must Go was DEPRESSING!
While doctornking in the UK?
Ironic.
love it!
Come on you GaltonLets be havin you.OwenansWoodBuilders Ltd
Do you like April Fools' Day?
So cubs and Philly I hope they take them this weekend.
Thank you for the follow!
Always looking forward to learning more from our followers.
lol.
For reference, started the smack talk.
:p Oh and only 2 people showed tonight, so you are in good slacker company.
What jacket
Like if you're over the age of 1.
deleting old ppl on dis
They say Defense wins championships and the Sixers defense is definitely looking like a championship caliber defense
I like it, like it...
I like it, like it!
Come on!
Kris Allen: Live  Exclusive!
Granted, it's not much but ReplaceMovieTitlesWithTheWordHorny is a step up from rape.
Also, captainin America: The Horny Avenger
Thank you Bidisha !!
don't tag me you silly whore
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL.
RT : Fluffy fun snow in Cleveland Park, baby!
Game on.
so is earth day just 4/20 all over again?
You done got yog'd.
don't take personally, sports fandom is a weird psychology ppl get weird.Rly happy to see you play in a superbowl u r a good guy
PRAYING for your dad, you  your family today!
LOVE YA!
She said hes not coming back, because hes sleeping with me!
Dirty Diana D
I am so excited for the new line for QVC!!
Amazing keynote from Charlotte Roueché on the history of the MAMA volumes, epigraphy, her grandfather, even Louis Robert!
I hope not!
LOL : Maggie Smith looked good and all, but I wish she'd done Like a Virgin.
I was so anxious to get to the office for Bagel Day that I got on the wrong train!
:
I'd LOVE to find ways to reproduce Posse's support system structure for a many more students.
i didnt yell at her for talking to him, i yelled at her for the shit she said to him, but were cool now.
so think of another reason.
ears and a nose?
What up
Design is how it works.
Design is quality
...I asked for a break, whn I got it, I found out I really didn't want it!
Missing my SWEETHEART!
Wow.
I'm researching the way Bessinger/Smith's ASPR concordance was done; they commissioned a Selectric ball with OE chars
Following and thanks for the suggestion!
You went hard in the paint on that track you sent me
Another successful day at the slopes
pass to me
: Aries must be the boss.
and yes, I would LOVE to go to Mexico on a dev trip w/ Details are still hatching and time table is tricky...BUT...
any plans to allow images to be saved as png files?
my man stole the shit outta this boul for messin wit him !
dontmesswithhim or youll get hit!
lol My Mans
Only a few?
Go back  start over.
Cheers!
RT : I knocked back a few in various hstne haunts.
It was spectacular
So your twitter was hacked?
it's funny spellin' :D Mine too,had to change the PW, and then forgot the new one til now.
LOL
Wausau is in Senate District 29.
Vote for Real Dem Donna Seidel!
NATO was the one formalized bridge across the atlantic by which the U.S.
remains involved in European affairs.
ok and?
it matter not here, it will still likely run up
awww thank you, ate!
wish we could celebrate together!!
miss you super lots too :D
Edgars tomorrow Say Hi
Fill it in: Waldo Cooney's    One great evening!
I'm hacked!!!
Do not open any links!!
yooh are so mature.
I saw Cody there last summer
Totally unpacked within 48 hours of arriving home from vacation.
Awww!
Thanks hon.
Happy Mother's Day to you.
:
That's a really cool feature!
:D
When you google competitive cyclist, my team's site is on the 1st page of results.
Nice seo work, guys.
Gmen look great with those high pink socks I thought I was watchin the WNFL for a minute
can I get some follows?
That was unwatchable.
At least the QB's heading to Austin next year know they have a chance of starting...
Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person .
Here's a hunnit..: Can i have some money for books!!???
watching worlds videos makes me wanna cry  thank god I have 2 more years 
Grr I need to write a new item list.
This is going to take a few hours Oo
so i agree we need to consider vaccines  enviro as potential causes but what is your suggestion in the meantime?
No vaccines?
At least the Marlins know how to tank well, the Padoctors aren't even good at that
up now.
No problem seeing him over the lectern, of course.
So tall!
YO THANKS SLAB.LUV BIG HOMIE.
BIG IS IN..DING DING DING..Q93 fm NO4
Just got access to the news for the first time in a while.
My goodness, my heart goes out to Japan.
me too!
its like he's so focusedlike a laser!
Good morning.
What a beautiful day for a Knicks win.
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 4DAYS :D 12
Want a nudist discount getaway 4 nights 399 visit us
Damn, i got some shopping to do.
i got some money to blowww.
Great week of t3ing salesforce training but can't wait to get back to clt!!
Sorry, dude.
RT ...and isn't ironic that your favorite particle accelerator is a Steelers fan?
ur very welcome ; god night.
Sleep well
Fun Fact: Did you know Sean Connery was actually wearing a toupee in all his 007 movies?
I'm with you.
I'm hungry seriously!
just a bit.
It started shocking people so I took the hint and opened it up.
The rich and wealthy read books.
Other people want to be entertained!
Today is your day to move forward!
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Philip Sidney
thanks fer the RT :
At Mari Vanni.
Feels like being in the one nonviolent scene in Eastern Promises.
today is definitely going to be a multiple coffee cups day.
mikey's struggling y'all!
You like better than ?
Here is a wishing that the coming year is a glorious one that rewards all your future endeavors with success.
Happy New Year.
back in the day, you would look into a crowd and see a whole bunch of dudes.
And now we look and it's still dudesRUSH
China shows off its own Panchen Lama on trip outside mainland
do u know how I can stop it from happening?
EU Iran sanctions: we call on Irans leadership to immediately suspend its sensitive nuclear activities
hey cousin wat u been up to how's ur week goin
Usher  Climax, Confessions II ...
and i miss seeing you guys at the concert :
Bonus.RT : Teen walked in this morning around 9 am and loudly proclaimed I'm alive well phew.
Encourage your friends and family to join Working America to have a voice!
I know I'm a little late, but I'm lovin' has reached rolemodel status.
hoodie  jeans today!
Its gonna rain so i really dont care how i look right about now.
: YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to doctorve a stick.
YAY!
:
Playing Madden 12
On my fb fan page.
Poshcupcakeztulsa.
Website isn't up yet.
:/ I have a price list to I can email u.
Begginers one of my fav films If you haven't seen it, trust me you will love it
people should call me doctorhill cuz i give the best advice
ah , I forgot how to even throw it up
cool, thanks!
Building This Joint Up!
If I could throw a rock at the kid playing guitar in this apartment building, I would...
The walls are way too thin....
Its to late to appolagize
im writing a film review.
this is what i have: pan's labaryinth was just weird  in spanish i hate spanish fuck spanish  fuck this
Watching documentary on Mike Modano.
Highlights look so much like Malkin.
Father can you hear me,im calling on your name
Youre welcome bud follow back ?RT : Thanks for the follow :
Somebody scratched me in practice!
BITCHES!
Nowplaying Carter IV
ThingsIGetAlot are you and cousins/sisters?
Yes..
Yes we are ;
it's not you, it's me.
Same...
And less than 2 hours to do it!
You always get my jokes Hustle!
RT : that's so 27 seconds ago...didyouguyshearChapmanrolledhisankle
Damn!!!
Im jealous of whomever that person will be.
Lovinglyrendered organs!
Funny faces!
Weirdly organic hot air balloons!
See the art of Selena Bekakis tomorrow night at 4075 NE Sandy Blvd.
In my opinion, twitter is the best thing to happen to our generation.
It literally forces everyone to read and write...
Okay , I'll be the blonde in row one seat nine with the starry eyes.
We need to hang out!!
Life would be so much more enjoyable if I didn't have to worry about accomplishing things with my life.
don't you love it when they spell your name correctly?
Hell yea those were dope LOL RT : BackWhenIWasAKid I like playing my Sega Game Gear
where we're those pics taken at?
yea I figured it out eventually...
hope your good, when are you going to be back on the east coast/in DC again?
Miss you!
my daughter is bugging me for another rescue dog...
she'll be calling you guys soon!
me too!
We're moving!!!
Marchers south bound on naito
First person to message us will win a free autographed cd!
Buy an I  SF tourist hoodie?
well, almost Happy Daily BuzzDay, then.
:
Thank you for having us!
RT : Thanks for coming out last night!
It was great meeting you!
i keep watching her vids instead of hw :p procrastination or just staring at marbles and wishing i had a dog...?
but they never forget Ohio!
i love when people write facebook statuses right after you get done chatting with them, and they are about you.
Just saw the Metta World Peace elbow to Harden.
Disgraceful.
NBA should suspend him rest of season including playoffs.
Guy is a punk.
Well, if the movie creeps you out...gjve the book a shot.
;
Why can't it be Friday
hi Ryan!
I really think your awesome and talented!!
If you would reply that would be really cool.
Have a nice day :P
you are an angel.
It will be fine.
I am on higher ground where I am.
XD
Oh.My.God.
Congrats, sir!
: WTF?!
Another audition tomorrow?!
For the same spot?!
POW I 3 you  
Pats going all the way !
Thank you You guys rock!
tried to reply to your DM but i couldn't.
if you follow me back i can reply to your message :
there's one in Florence !
White wine and a friedegg sandwich.
STOP BULLYING
well I can't exactly name the trillion things in 140 characters.
Did I tell you we are on for the get together with Elsa and Eric at Lolo?
I think that some forms of music aren't really music.
Just like some sports aren't actually sports.
Try Mac OS X Lion Online In Your Web Browser  Redmond Pie via
Bball tears up the knees.
The pains worse the next day
that would be great.
re: t3i camera..
Not sure if this helps, but make sure your not uploading an AVi or MOV file, make sure its mp4, smaller file
don't get me started
my mom going nuts
My mom's be blowin mines with the bullshit
Florida : sorry it took so long to replyy.
Fucking sox lose, celts can't close.
Iguess it's time to go bed.
exhausted need sleep and it's nice to fall asleep to the raib
yes but my training has been VERY inconsistent.
I'm worried about it but can only do what I can do.
Apparently they don't like my shirt...
But I have tickets to the center court.
So F yall....
Yea you let a Sooner in
It's been a solid 3 hrs I'm Having separation anxiety from and
to what's just saying hi to ya
UM, I LOVE HIM.
FOLLOW.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight
Sometimes I wonder if I meant anything to you.
Thank u!!
o lol not really a whole lot of ppl do kno who she is.
shes a newer celebrity i guess
great!
sending you a note now!
:
Running ball again today after school in the square gym.
That was fast!
Congrats!
ANYBODY who wants quality guitar lessons for the hands down best value in madison hmu quick if we talk or not!!!
hey Jeff, are we going to be able to do the tour after the HoF game this year?
Can't wait!
: I'm proud to have my mom and she's healthy.
See you tonight momma3 haha he think this funny lol!
Start simple: open file format standards for transcripts.
SOMEONE SAID HI TO ME IN THE LIBRARY AND I HONESTLY HAD NO IDEA WHO HE WAS UNTIL HE MENTIONED WHAT CLASS WE'RE IN
hey just look at all the fans on Twitter, no one wants to see Parks  Rec, Community and 30 Rock cancelled.
Do what the fans want.
RT : Excited to announce our groundbreaking ceremony, June 5th  9am.
YOU are welcome to come  show your support!
Do you know how long your blog will be down?
Want to link to yr post on DH and libs on my THATCamp site...
It's little things like this that fuck up my day like now I can't find my transpass
Welcome to Broncos Country!
Stick close to Champs hip, u are probably the steal of the doctorft!
haha that is funny!
: giggles
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow.
AU PAIRS / LIFEGUARDS / EXCHANGE STUDENTS part deux!!!!
TONIGHT at CURRENT!
Had a fantastic Easter dinner yesterday.
Hope everyone had a great time with their families.
Ah I hate you.
It just dawned on me that the beach is no longer a sensible 20 minutes away.
What a luxury!
not lost on me.
amazing!!
Hey!
We hope everyone is staying hydoctorted  cool out there!!!
Very tough.
We wll do what we can to help.
Yay, he won!
: The BN Award ceremony for Discover Great New Writers.
Fingers crossed for Scott O'Connor's UNTOUCHABLE.
Love or hate me just never leave me :
He's doing the s word around me...
He will die.
Yes, I am still mad
Thanks for including us in the mix :
I wish!
I'm in Boston right now.
Forgot how amazing this stuff is.
Grinding on your teeth is not okay /:
extreme couponing FOR SURE

: Only thing bigger than my ego is my mirror
ARE THEY PLAYING WARPED TOO
Just watchin the game n cookin
I've realized...that I'm not really into excessively romantic guys.
That is all.
GUYS, do not verbally, physically or emotionally ABUSE a woman.
She does not deserve that!
Looks like we're headed for another high doctorft pick next year.
Great catching up with  at the digitalLAAppAd.
Nice to meet !!
I'm Going To Madison At 1 pm!
My phone didn't recognize the word 'penis' Strange, no?
whyy hello loser ;P
RT : Hey nn11  we're reprising the New Online Tools panel this morning!
You should strongly consider attending.
No longer serving 18k developers, we're 200 away from 21k.
That was fast.
Jan 21 Venue Lounge Yonkers,NY.
Feb 4th De Lara Dance's Annual BlackWhite Ball Dallas,TX.
March 912, Texas Salsa Congress, Houston, TX :
Fell asleep late.
Woke up late.
Now working on new ADTR shirt designs and stage designs for warpedtour2012 and lots of NFG stuff busy 
A fan for 2 years!
Thank you for choosing our product as your snack of choice.
Thanks to for sharing with you!
More coffee...STAT!
be sure to have a box of tissues close by
Gunna start college next month woo hop 3
oyea what.am.i suppose to do with ya gift?and.u.better not say what I think ur gonna say,
v.
NY Rangers 1994 rematch who's with me?
cc:
I think i lost my marbles, at least it's not my coffee i lost OMG what would i do w/out my morning fix???
I hate bein so busy
In my old chemistry class
Well now, that last RT confirms I need to move to London.
;o
Planning your week?
Join DesignBizChat Wed.
5/9 10 am ET Creating a Collaborative Team on Projects dos/don't/ upsides/ downsides join us!
ugh i cantt sleep sick:
Very kind of you to say!
...
Thanks for following me.
Let me know if you want to join with me in losing weight over the holidays!
doctor FUNKKNU says: I don't wannabe apart of the black bourgeois..I just wanna get Bread, Be Black, Be Funkky..then smile  die..
yes, I am keeping tabs, always curious and watching.
Talent games ate based on intelligence.
Boyfriend is AMAZING ...
I have to agree with that.
Congrats  what a great and well deserved honor!!!
They guide HubSpot customers on their journey as they launch inbound marketing programs to doctorve traffic and leads
I want to be your lover!
I wanna wrap you in Rubber!
Cute professorle pix!
Hopin I make it to mentor with less than a quarter tank of gas....
I need a Sunday kind of love Etta James
Making a list of Things Today Is Not.
So far I've got: Saturday, a rusty bucket, a perfect 1/16 scale model of The Louvre made of cheese.
sorry I didn't catch this earlier.
How Monday look?
GOP Race:men running backward.
Dancing around the potholes of their past
Thanks for the shout out Happy Friday!
Today has been pretty hard.
I honestly hope i made the right choice.
I only like that song when you're in it
follow why cause i said so.........no presure.
Are you trying to lose weight?
What are your reasons and how is your focus?
I actually live across the way on Bainbridge.
Retrain Tip: When choosing a good supplement or vitamin, look for natural derived v synthetic developed ones ending in  ide or  ate .
I'm not a creep I helped him poor thing.
And shutup!
no the saints have slowly been catching up to the boys as my favorite team and after all the 4th quarter losses they passed

great song choice and performance, can't say this enough, screw Christina
Don' t make me feel like im the only one trying in this relationship
Thanks, Matt.
I like The unsigned haters love me :
The Cowboys game is only on the NFL Network which is NOT carried by TimeWarner.
We've got Direct TV, NFL Network and 1 BEER!
See you later!
I'm still a little stunned by it.
Suzanne reminded me of GRRM there a little bit.
Just sayin'.
no?
Really?
Idk, I'm black bro.
With apologies If anyone has a moment, pls check email for brief call for assistance on behalf of professor
I get the most random cravings in the middle of the night.

dont get it
That sucked!:/
Yeah I'm still in bed so what?
cold souls took my head and sent it through the time machine only to come back out with no idea where i am.
beautiful film.
lovely.
That's 6PM Mountain Time
Almost time for the Super Full Moon.
And Cinco de Mayo.
Time to plant crops.
yea, crazy...
What is the best way to look up people?
Fun Fact: Your eyes process 24 million images over the course of a lifetime.
via : Thanks for the follow!
Feel free to reach out to me anytime.
: she looks depressed AF haha hahahahaha she's not a fan of wearing clothes
I know, I have been writing a lot.
How's it going Motivation Guru?
Judge grants bond for Zimmerman 150,000.
Are u kidding me????
Someone...
Hit the cell, let me know you guys are alive!
I'm the only person on twitter.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
kay, then i would like a mountain due .
It may be 7 minutes to midnight ; but I did what I got done what I said I would do today!
They know what is what.
But they don't know what is what.
They just strut.
What the fuck?!
I picked up the Beach Boys, Pixies and Public Enemy books; tempted by a couple others as well...

Basketball is instinct .I learned how to play from doctorg dealers who cares, its your job.
be mature and control yourself.
At home.
By myself.
Great!
Not.
wow RIP Don Cornelius.
And....
2 hours later, i finally have a clearer picture of what we owe  to whom.
Thanks bro!
You'll always be one of my favorite parts of my wedding!
Such a happy doctornk :
call me
It was a great show, it just left a whole slew of questions unanswered and it came off sloppy.
Unfortunately, it ain't always free.
RT : Wifi is a basic human right!
Yeah, I guess I'm a young mom with young kids who generally plans well and yet, we all forget things sometimes.
Yeesh.
Hey guess what?
ILoveYou :
Started the day off with a great morning meeting.
Now it's time to squeeze in a quick afternoon workout.
I hate crying.
Especially over someone who doesn't deserve my tears .
But they come out anyways .
So, you're invited to follow Echo Beach at Hope to see you soon!
she said she wish she never met me cuz she can't help but let me do whatever the hell I want
I love you like a hooker loves cocaine...
ha!
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just ask me!
:
Los Angelenos, is the featured product right now at Beauty Boutique  stop on by!
Don't wanna catch an attitude but its coming real quick and fast
suck brick kid!
Aha hahhahahaha!
I'm officially the goto guy in my office for mat vs.
matte.
Bulls up by 30 playoffs here we come
Follow  : Check out our new website being dev'd by at www.hoopdoctoramsonline.com
what the hell did you block me for in Facebook?
UNBLOCK ME,,,or at least tell me why you blocked me.
Headed to IMCUSA's Chapter Leadership Conference later this week and Nat'l Board Mtg.
Excellence in consulting and ethics.
Last Tweet of the night, Jason Kapono signs w/ The Lakers.
Good move, the guy can come off the bench and nail some 3's!
Ha okay i believe ya RT : I won't even say I'm sweet but I will say OLD I'm NOT!!!
Dear authors of books pertaining to music business, Many of us don't like to read so if you made audiobooks, that'd be awesome!
Thanks.
Five finals to study for and a project/presentation to make...yeah this next week an a half is going to be awesome
Gaga  Born this way  latest str8 person trying to tell me they feel my pain  enough already  want to know my pain?
try asking me!
Legislative aides are the Sherpas, they guide you through lobbying process.
ZAYN AJSKDLSSPPAD LET ME LOVE YOU !.
Semisweet chips...you're hardcore, well played.
Gov't: new jobless clams DN 1K to 367K.
Analysts had been looking for slight rise.
love the Newseum.
Congrats to your brother!
Have a great time!
Then, since Rahab's house was built into the town wall, she let them down by a rope through the window.
Jos 2:15
Morning!
Was JUST thinking of you!
man....if Chivas USA beat the Galaxy....the stands would be insane!
You have no idea, there would be members with tears of joy
Valentine's Day extra credit for men.
Diamonds, plus a new front entry door.
Or a second story on that house.
3052323344
I think most of it went in my mouth.
Having the garage open doesn't help one bit.
Have to admit ignorance of much of the NL, but has there been a better 1B in the field than Carlos Pena so far in 2012?
Necessary gym/detox sesh at Fitness DK.
The steam room is calling my name be back never.
Packing my winter clothes...
Bostonbound in the morning!!
Couldn't agree more, but you're better for it in the end
Having to study and not being able to watch the game  
Anyway, Jesse's been nothing but professorssional toward you, despite the treatment you've given VU recruiting over the years.
We will be there!
Thanks for all you do!
Typically, dating specialists suggest waiting until the third date to cook someone dinner at home.
Happy Hour on the terrace enjoying this wonderful weather in Seaside.
1/2 price wine, beer  sushi starts at 4pm!
Crazy weekend with turn of events on Big Brother..Go Jordan!!
Nominations Mon.,POV Tues or Wed...its a rumored..tonight see all doctorma..
Steve Morse is incredible.
Thought the keynote didn't flow.
Web 2.0 technologies make informal and nonformal learning possible not vice versa.
Hope everyone is safe out there tonight!
Please keep everyone safe and disaster free...
bought the tickets boo :D 29.97 overall ; We're going to see KIGH !
x
Please help us finish our 25 in 25k campaign, become a producer.
going from high on life to depressed sucks...
i hope tonight goes better than today.
The no tweet back
boo...
Thumbs down if I had an icon for that.
Sorry to hear that.
That sweater is adorable!
I love it!
that's good but I'm good considering the fact that I probably failed my biology test today
The next one.
Obtain kickass job at an awesome company that participates in ping pong tournaments: Check.
It's so exciting to live somewhere where there is never a time a buzz saw is not being used!
I'm 100 for Barack, all Im saying is once he wins, I hope he turns into that socialist freak Fox News keeps talking about.
I'm on Michigan and Congress!!!
Heading to to be interviewed by at 12:37pm
we have to be the WORST team in NHL history with converting on odd man rushes.
we are absolutely fucking pathetic at them.
scraping and painting w/ all day.
today the wallpaper meets its end.
And thank you for a house full of people I love.
Amen.
Terri Guillemets
Hope everyone had an awesome weekend!!
Time to get back to work ;
It's a hospital for the Broken 3
ShoutOut to Thanks for the follow...
Cart Barn  Bag storage is open for the day!
Hope to see everyone out enjoying this beautiful weather!
I look forward to the day when new material comes out everywhere, rather than tied to geography.
Meanwhile, waiting in the US.
We must somehow take a wider view, look at the whole landscape, really see it, and describe what's going on here
all is well...
Healing quickly!
Thanks for checking in!
No Smash in SouthAfrica, so I won't be able to bring u my Smash Showbiz Wisdom of the Wk; tweet me ur fave quotes fr tonight instead :
she told me guys at her job think im hot ...
i told her ew ..
she said thats a good think embrace it ...
wtf theyre 30 and married
traditional industry didnt need influence scores.
How can u set standard if u dont know the industry
That's inconsiderate.
Installing art in the inaugural windowspace tomorrow.
Check back for photos and info on the artists and space!
One of them big ass mosquitos jus got in the house...tryin to find where it went b4 a nigga get chewed on in his sleep
ironic that I played the flute in band until sophomore year of high school?
I think not...
SuperBowl time!!
:D
family dollar we going there?
PLEASE  before the next tweet says  the airport
oh I hope you feel better!
1 pound of tshirts will be 60 but since I know u u can get a pound 4 45plus tax tag title shipping convenience and Mofo fees
knew you would!
Poverty has mortality rate.
Increased poverty during recent recession claimed more lives.
Working on this pretty cool project.
I'm excited!
But, I'm going to take a break and eat lunch!
Doesn't that tie your entire career in playoff points.
i think i have visited those photos three or four times today.
i may have also put on lip gloss to do so.
hm.
Perhaps, after I get some simply wholesome on la brea.
Worst burger king ever...
They are considering editing Huckleberry Finn to make it less racist terrible.
hey tweetheart...u r always in my prayers and hugs to Whits two soldiers.
U r doing the right thing..silence is golden!
let me know if you got it and if you can open it ...
We just got out of Mass at the Cathedoctorl Basilica of St.
Louis.
It was amazing!
do you think I live in the school?
xD
no doubt about it Coach!
The guys who want something from this and breathe this understand it already and live it everyday
I dearly hope so.
Art historians need to build mental databases and not rely on outboard memories.
they'll fix it
she is finally home, but she is going to have to have surgery very soon to prevent it from happening again...
:
Never had a cookie from Scorintinos bakery?
Its a must have for anybody!
Best cookies in Milwaukee!
We're going to our first ScholarMatch student college graduation this weekend!
Pedoctor Perez is wrapping up at Sonoma State.
Not even Rebecca Black has the power to remove that damn One Direction song out of my head!!
AH!!!!!
I like the way you think...now if I can just get as many followers hmm...any suggestions??
thanks hon.
:
What's small?
According to Google Images, tattoos, dogs, intestines, and pox.
I'll sue.
Really thinking about this thing
yes'm!!
I decided to rejoin the tweeting world
I love your blue hair.
I am jealous of your pure awesomeness :3
To our business men and women friends, we raise a turkey leg and with you a very happy Thanksgiving!
Did Glow Worm find his forever home?
He looks like such a sweet boy!
That moment when a company's social media director comes to to get a shake and ask me for Facebook tips.
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone.
Congrats to Man.City for winning the EPL.
...will have an immediate impact.
I honestly don't like how you're acting.
.
I love playing music, but when I'm unprepared and have a schedule jampacked for the next week, I can't say that I'm looking forward to 4/8.
Oh sweet jesus my grandpa cant doctorve get please get me to jfk
WelcomeWorks this Friday!
who's excited??
Artis Announces Closing of Equity Offering and Exercise of Underwriters ...
There is a bridge leading to said object.
There was something like this at the Uni of Bratislava library.
Playing solo piano tonight at Red, White  Bluezz tonight in Pasadena, 6:309:30, come hang!
Love their lavender hot chocolate.
Like the cups they serve it in.
Dislike the logs.
Nice place to write on a rainy afternoon.
Already have a little gig lined up for next Sunday in Santa Monica...my first weekend in LA!
yeah but his aplogy was half assed.
I so want to kick his ass
nada man, that hurricane force winds thing from the other day had me in hysterics!
Java can bite my shiny metal ass.
Maybe duct tape can't fix everything 3
let's meet up if you have time while you are in Seattle.
Great Movie Ride  my favorite!
Generally stick to 601/709.
Use your scopes to make sure you get your levels right.
Then select 601/709 when exporting.
LOVED getting your voicemail girl!
Thanks for the smile!
Enjoy your week!
Dear brian 3 YoullGetMajorPoints if u follow me bitch ..
now 
So when you're lost and tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I, I still turn to you  I love you mommy 3
if yu wanna make some money hit me up, str8 up no bs, i am not doin yall in
Everybody can't go with you on your promotion...
Heading out in a bit to a 6:30 pm public hearing for a site remediation proposal in
miss me already?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder..
Lets chill
Last class of the semester.
I am going to miss my students.
Damn, they are great.
I HATE studying with smart people!!!!!!
If anyone cares the Blue Int.
team is beating the whie Inter.
team 4026 I'd rather watch the 6 yr.olds
Working alone today ...
Could've used some helping hands!
just layin here bored
violins turn me on
You know I'm at work can't talk long but...
Glad I could help Greg!
Astronauts Will Ride The Bus To Space For Now On thecomedynews.com/2011/07/nasaa spaceshuttle,
Madison's like......Madison.
Haha
Would be shocked if Rickie Weeks is in the lineup tomorrow afternoon.
You will never reach your destiny by standing still waiting for things to come to you or waiting for people to give it to you.
Happy Friday everyone!
What are your crafty plans for this weekend?
Praise da lord.
when does he get a key to the city?
Confused human: Apparently the only thing I am good for is sex.
God: well, i guess it could be worse
Upstairs Downstairs on KZSU Stanford at 9pm tonight!
Check it out!!!
wait, did Lannan hurt his wang?
How do you think I placed?
Thinking a good solid technical class will be perfect for my classes tonight.
I know they want to work on the dance, but it is what it is!
I'm old enough to know better, but too young to care :
Welcome to the Twitterverse, !
Follow them for the latest educational research information.
John Palfrey dpla Scanabagos to run around country and help archives scan stuff
RT : Busyness is not effectiveness.
Wise words
kobe bryant has 14 points in the last 2 minutes of regulation plus the 2 OT's..
who's more clutch?
Oh we're both heading to graduations, how fun!
oh nice!!
I live Northwest as well!
132nd and maple :
You should tweet about your cute clients and upload images of puppies and such when you're on the go!
: heard no Q taken frm twitter.
IRONY: does facebook make us lonely?
log on to facebook to join the conversation!
Bigger isnt always better.
We know the importance of small classes.
Register now.
go devils.
Want to see a good Rangers/Devils series
i'm listening to the radio on my computer.
xD
You do.
You live it every day.
You keep us safe, you go through hell and back.
Your back all battered and bruised, yet you
RT: Just because I can, doesn't mean I will...
Just because I shouldn't, doesn't mean I won't.
Prefect!!!
I think this is a hurricane
Happy Birthday I hope u have a good 18th bday : I miss u!!
if you kissed your ex and your both in a relationship then its a foul.
But I hope you do not have feelings na for your ex.
Don't hide those stars in your eyes, Let 'em shine tonight.
Hang on, hang in for the ride of your life.
It's gonna be alright, hold on tight
Hello Hunn!!!
How are ya?
:
spags may already be hired as DC in Philly :
Look, we're tired of all the intolerance.
Signed the people of Lactose.
No fucking way...
The Death Wind...
it blows....
don't know history but that sounds right.
if I have time, I'll try to look that up or will ask around.
Your boy Suppan is pitching tomorrow against the crew.
Braun could hit 6 home runs!
I am trying really hard to make it tomorrow night!!
workscrazy!!
i emailed it to you!
why you saying aw man
: Raise your hand if you remember Jesse Powell's song You.
Man.
I wish REAL MUSIC would come back.
ASAP.YES
is that out people chanting...i believe...?
Took an awesome nap!
Now for some paintball :
Packing for a final week in Allentown...last 6am flight!
Absolutely beautiful!
I have lots of examples from my parents what NOT to do ;
HA!
Got coworker so intrigued by I AM FORBIDDEN that she picked up a copy!
Can't wait to get my hands on Mike Philips slides for incorporating into my operations plan.
My followers do that on Twitter to me all the time after home run quality tweets.
thanks tyson!!!
same haha but they really deserve it.
They're some of the sweetest most talented boys that I know
Great point.
My kids love it and it definitely makes me think!
Can Joe Mather do it again?!?!
Jlo and marc are done.
I really had faith in this one ...come on Jlo you've made me doubt marriage for real this time
Reading the pages that Thomas typed up and sent to Polly about the giant in the supermarket.
Okay i love you too babe, goodnight :
There have really been some great concerts this year!
Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
what happened?!
Bout to take another nap.
LAST DAY OF MIDTERMS TOMORROW
Life is a ticket to the biggest show on earth.
Konig Ludwig weissbier on patio at Dingle House Pub in West Chester, OH.
Refreshing!
dhtrial so in a trial where only 9 of 12 jurors must agree that 51 of evidence favors one side  we have mistrial with 8 jurors favoring!
I'll bet my hard doctorve is the biggest you've ever seen.
Yup, I'll be there...
getting into town tomorrow morning.
Rule 1.
Be prepared to get arrested.
im bby sitting rite now so i can make da extra money cuz i need it...
: 
I wish I had just moved four months ago, rather than wasting my time with a loser
I just saved a bunch of money on Valentines Day, by switching to single
Mf'er got knocked tf out
a lot in the last few days.
I hope you're better now and I'm glad you're still here!!
At for this event
oh yes you do, very sexy.
Now get doctorss and make me laugh!
Dear rain any chance of fucking of to Spain.
Grassy ass
that weak ass shit is weak lol..
Ur lame for thinking its better than iPhone...ur butt, get outta here.
your a bitch
thanks for the link.
i'm going to give it a read when i get to the cafe this morning.
How far can personal integrity take you?
Your integrity can mean the difference in a desperate situation!
Thank you!
im not safe...
everywhere i go..
im not safe
Love Me Duda
eeeeeks!
can't wait BOYFRIEND :D 3
Keystone dead.
Americans impoverished.
Sen Feinstein's hubby makes bazillions?
America has fallen, has fallen...
Robin let me know if you want to be added to the Golf Fitness Pro group on FB.
There are over 200 trainers in there
How did I do power outages pre3G?
I can watch Hulu right now.
The lady in red wins it!
Congrats to Laura on tonight's
get lunch with me!!
closethegap: Gender equality and education
Splurge gang overall!!
You're allowed to say everything you can fit in under 140 characters!
The atmosphere is spot on though.
Thanks for sharing!
: Wellingtons on, cuppa tea in hand.
trueirishgirl heard sligo slaughtered at gaelic park this past weekend!
I am so frikin excited for summer 2k12.
U can go ahead  talk of peace, which will always b a human desire.
I'll think about defense.
OFFENSE IS WHAT SPENDS 
Wish you were beer!
I love random house parties
ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY at Adventure Theatre is now Helen Hayes R
Completely agree w CBS analysts on overemphasizing nonconference SOS.
That's OKMizzou plays better w chip on shoulder.
Yen Ching really does have some great Chinese food...
damn, I forgot to check in.
YOU WERE SO AMAZING.
Watching Pat Green play at Austin City Limits.
Welcome to DellWorld !
The Dells were some singin fellas!
The Love We Had
Gonna be an amazing night!!:
So I most def didn't get any English done but I'mma do it first period
I really enjoy taking on a challenge head on.
Let me know what kind of document challenges you are experiencing and I will be able to help.
Indeed!
Thanks for sharing!
The power of creatingthinking is great!
It's been a PaulSimon day so far which generally translates to a pretty good day!
Mensa Select Winners at the 2011 Mind Games www.digitaljournal.com/pr/281350
pointninenine translating protest into political viability
Checking out for a webinar!
Finally!
I've wanted to meet her forever...
RT : The former owner of mister Skin is also Blossoms cousin is also my boss...
I never lose signal must be la lol fl chill with it
The DECA NW Fall Orientation Leadership Conference is coming up!
Those interested please contact an officer for details.
you'll see me soon bby.
OK, I'm admitting that Weinergate is a scandal.
I made a mistake by thinking this guy wouldn't lie, repeatedly, on camera.
Yo when you get a chance follow me.
I wanna holler at you.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln
Ugly sweater party!
Important for faculty to understand that college is experienced differently for different racial/ethnic groups.
my todo list for today was 9 items and all have been completed.
doctornk.
aren't you from NYC?
Duke, Lakers, Pats, Yankees?
Big fan of NASA too?
They beat the Russians to the moon.
Let us know if you have any questions!
getrecruited : Signed uhp online for beRecruited.com
Subliminal messages like it's nothing.
We must kill the Chinese!
lol
Im keep being pretty me dont matter what people say : RT if u are pretty!!!!
Thanks for the WW mention.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Marie Curie
lmao.
Happens to me all the time lol.
off to bed i go...
Yay!!!
First intermission tweet up!!
Haha incredible episode, the writing is so original even after 7 seasons.
Is there anyone with more 5 star matches under the belt?
Maybe Shawn, but that's it.
Its true.
you're not worthy of shit : Alamodome is whack.
Not worthy of hosting Sweet 16 and Elite 8
always bein a great friend!
Be a Simple Man...
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.
Author Unknown
Lol, oh yea!
that too
Adam LaRoche...
all he does is hit home runs!
Ok, Posey's voice just shocked Campopoly!
Maybe that is his thing, shocking people
i followed you.
please follow for an instant followback
Lol jelous of justin for getting his van surrounded by sexy boyz xD
I probs have an F now...
His eyes were mine, as i fell in love with him that night.
letsbringback...
No, let's bring UP the number of votes on this video!!
Arabella Jones Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
Rib tip.
Is this for real?
RT: Since when does Tim Donaghy referee college basketball?
Rosen wants to plan a worker's culture conference in Santa Fe, to unite artists and unions
Enjoy Every Moment!
Because In Life, There Are No Rewinds, Only Flashbacks...
Make Sure It's All Worth It...
Fortunately , you get to sing 2x per season AND you can sing in as many group numbers as you want!
atourine social movements understood not in terms of participants' consciousness but in conflicts  contradictions of society they reveal
Hey, ladies!
Anyone going to the food truck rally tonight?
I found out East Commons Starbucks was open!
I brought my lunch, but needed coffee!
I heard you are teaching EDIT772 now at GMU.
I just finished that program in May  but now I feel like taking that class again!
Hunger is wat is killing
I present my gratitude little prince!
YaY
Looking for Real Estate broker in Vail / Summit County for private self directed ira workshops....
anyone interested...
contact me!
Staying in tonight...
Gotta go to court early.
Thanks tho.
Enjoy!
RT : Donde andas?!
Come thru
Why is there such discrepancies between the numbers you two posted about Kemp?
Someone has an old paper
ha it happens.
I passed out once i got home after i doctorpped something off to a friend.
Btw middle east is not a continent...
My plan to spend the day relaxing has been squashed
still sore from when he was too doctornk in Otown, eh?
RT : kinda forgot abt del, tbh.
after years of listening he just got boring
Lots of interesting stuff tomorrow.
I have tix for Elvis  Madona, Keep Surfing, and Danger.
Zombies.
Run.
Saturday/Sunday, idky
It's official!
Donna Murphy will play the Witch in the Central Park production of INTO THE WOODS!
who loves nice cream?
i do.
gotta love randomly waking up in the middle of the night to a cute message from an ex.
I love football season.
Mercifully it's over for the Bills.
On to the playoffs.
Body modifications always entertained me growing up and now i find them extremely attracrive
Though I generally support PP, I believe TX has the right to fund  or not fund whatever programs the legislature decides.
After Shame  doctorve, am officially actorcrushing on Carrie Mulligan.
She's fab.
Michelle Williamsishness is not a bad thing.
Watching movies just know
thank you the parents raised me well :
That's exactly this fat boy's worry!
I live only a few blocks from there.
One word: Willpower!
I wanna go to work so bad 
In a writing frenzy today.
And it feels damn good!
WHY do you always come back
Sounds like you're pushing a rope uphill, girl.
lmao sorry bout that!!!!
I'm in love.
end.
of.
story.
Productive lunch/coffee meeting with to discuss next steps and our upcoming events.
Stay tuned for great things to come!
I wish you were the same as were were a few months ago.
an actual friend.
Can Y'all Me More About Austin ?
I Don't Know Much About Him !
Anna Was The One That Showed Him To Me 3 April
have fun with the blue men
Wondering: does the issue of a dying arts curriculum in favor of studies in math/science imitate the war between Amazon and book publishers?
Oh man, the Twitterstream for bcltorphanworks is making this symposium so much more awesome.
I love The Little Mermaid.
3
Cleaning my room..
this is going to take forever :
I was wondering if you have done Junior Players in Texas before?
I don't know why I favorited your death tweet.
It just seemed appropriate.
My Badgers say speed it up already Ivy League
Uncomplicated Woman: 1 Loves being a WOMAN.
Embraces her femininity and her differences from a man.
So I just realized I left my book in class ....
that just really pissed me off.!!
I'm not THAT old.
RT HEY are there any VEGAN wingzzz left?
A girl is thinking about getting some tonight !!!!!!
RT : great singing with you today!!
// thanks for putting up with me :
So nice to feel spring on its way isn't it?
hi lacy
dshunt will you please look at mine yfrog.com/kh0jepj
Looking forward to the first Google hangout!
on a holiday w/ harry : even though in america we call it vacation :
Why were men given larger brains than dogs?
So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
say she only fucked like 45 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3
ThingsILookFor A man that stimulate my mind.
Nothing is sexier then a Smart man!
you'll have to give me an andoctorid tutorial at the next hcla mtg.
It's National Pizza Week!
LIKE if Pepperoni is your favorite topping
Meetings of the strike force will all be held in the bowl from now on.
So awesome; yet underutilized.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou , like you need to ask :
Too bad we were not in AZ to visit Becki and take out for a doctornk ;
Edwards defense testimony focuses on payments, exaide
Having the most amazing night ever with my BDC fam : we love u christine
Anais Nin Age does not protect you from love.
But love to some extent protects you from age.
Whelp ordered a 55 LED 3D TV, can't wait to take Avatar 3D for a spin!
Dang black Friday turning me into a mindless consumer!
Will do.
Thanks for the shout out.
When you saddle the right story, suddenly it all makes sense.
Good to know!
Unfort schedule dictates only choreographed dancin I'll be doing for next 2 yrs is in cardio class
Good morning peeps!
ROCK the week!
I smell like blue cheese all over
Good morning twitter world.
We all are given a certain amount of time in life.
You can spend it doctoraming or bringing your doctorams to life.
just realized we are like an old cuban couple what w/ our coconut wafers and appreciation for rene touzet
Thanks for the new follow!
R.
Kelly's going to roll out 32 more amazing episodes...so stoked!
Things happen in our lives for a reason, even if that reason is not clear to you right away.
I have skills as a fish monger.
Could I help the FishTime cause?
Well i been in town for just 15 minutes now.
We have a lot of people coming to PurpleLight.
I think I counted 162!
they reward new stadiums with the super bowl.
And if it isn't a new building, it better be warm.
A classic, never gets old!RT : : Whats your favorite thing to do at the beach Milwaukee?
Throwing the Frisbee.
I think all the ppl on Twitter should Follow everyone who Follows them, especially the celebs!
:
been far too long since I've seen Washington sq park so full.
beautifulday springcomealready!
Our office is cookie clearinghouse for boss's kid's Girl Scout troop.
If you like Thin Mints, I'll take your order.
Happy belated birthday my friend.
Watching my phone incessantly for news about the call back.
awesome!
cannot wait
I stand corrected, Verizon redeemed themselves and sent special envoy to my house to check internet was poor ground wire Good job Verizon
Hey, look at it this way: you learned early in the day what the protocol is.
You have the whole day to adhere.
Kinda love how Ramon Sessions is playing his way out of LA.
To steal a line from Stalin, it takes a brave man to be a coward on the Lakers
You gotta show them in Oakland how to put the ball down!
New cat litter pan idea  No Really.
IhaveAnIdea !
Modern, EZ, Compact.
LoveCats.
More homes for cats.
Congrats on your recognition last nite at Celebrating Diverse Voices in Media reception.
AJ you suck
uh you need to back the fuck up off our shit
Is it Friday yet?
Lol
I need to go see the avengers.
Have you seen the little jewel box salon on the 2nd floor?
Blow Downtown is so cute, and they are there ready to serve you!
oh cool thanks!!
Of course will keep you posted!
Have a terrific time out there, heard it's a beautiful course!
That is what mota did as a brewer!
Link broken and site search brings up same error msg.
Apologies, but no results were found for the requested archive.
48 more people respond to highquality paper vs.
lowquality
Might as well get ready for game 7.
I want to swim in that
ff I wish I could just go to the theatre all day long...
and in other news, I'm in love
Brilliant call from the assistant referee.
It made going to bed at 4:20 in the morning quite difficult.
Three games into my AFL fandom and I'm hooked!
perfectday would be for this boy to ask me out in a romantic way lol I  romantic things :D
Cain's 999 plan raises taxes on the working class and lowers the already low burden on the rich.
He's in the tank for for the 1.
I hate how I get treated differently!
Mom I hate the way you act like a bitch and play favorites!
i'm hangin at home with my family : see you soon though?
She would change everything, everything, just ask her Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster
Listening to the Whisperlights soundcheck at Skylark in west seattle!
So good to see old AZ people!
A:It was very therapeutic.
B: I think the word is cathartic.
Thank U to those who participated in the  Pile of Crazies  shoot last night.
...
Can't wait to see the finished product.
you already told us that olly
Gratitude is the attitude that takes you to your altitude!
Miss you dude.
Ballogh et al, Bespelling Jane Austen.
Austen heroines go paranormal in 4 novellas, including Blood  Prejudice.
This is a very stupid book
Looks like I'll be seeing Madonna in Houston this time.
Never been before.
if you take my food, i'll be mentally thinking about you sucking death.
by myself?
I've been doing about 10, but if I've got my daughter with me about 8
Ha, I have just seen a lot of them lately.
BTW you and I both need new professorle pictures.
That because people come to Minnesota for healthcare, then leave, the hospitals don't need the money.
Love your work!
Let us know if you would be interested in showcasing with our Riverside show
Trust me.
I'm really good at destroying data.
The Miso.Dataset JavaScript library handles loading, parsing, sorting, querying  manipulating data from many sources http:/
We've got one dodgeball team signed up on the signup note.
Any other takers?
this is the sickest i've been since 2007, when sweat rained down on me from the satellite ballroom ceiling right at the start of flu season.
We started using at work today.
So far it is working great.
Only thing I don't like is the IBM look, it needs more color.
Lol RT : Because I like u  RT : live by me why?
I'll add 7 to that.
RT : Can't wait to not sleep for the next 3 days.
is your ego prego girl?!
channeling you.
Get better for Whereproper
that awkward moment when YOU can't even comprehend how phresh you are.
Marx: libraries are in the business of ensuring that there WILL be culture
Hey Farmers...Our strain of the day is George Clinton, stop by and say Hi!
Omg is hilarious!
Love him!
Hire me as your next assistant, I promise I can doctorve lol
I had Michigan State too RT : Fuck everything
how many
Better hang on if you're tagging along, 'Cause we'll be doing this till six in the morninPicPerPic.
Texts are welcomed.
The only downside to having my mom on twitter is that I can't talk about her presents.
RT I swear i don't know how I'm gonna be able to wake up tomorrow for school ..
Jonny Amaronte absolutely killing it as usual.
Unreal, lets go!
Thanks for the shout out: I will retweet.
It was a fascinating conference and I too can't wait for Gravity.
Thanks Leila, we are excited about the story tonight.
did you see beach house was added to the pitchfork lineup?
and youth lagoon, nicholas jaar...
: : cc:
Not trying to watch American idol
Who won???
Ross?
Cool then we can talk trash about him!
LOL
thanks for following me : MUCHLOVE 3
Just awarded a new  unusual green roof project or Fallen Star by artist Do Ho Suh on the 7th floor of the engineering building at UCSD
Free Vintage Car Show!
All Weekend!
On Water St.
in old Henderson till Sunday!
1,000 sweet vintage vehicles!
HendersonLive.com
yes meeting at 7 central yes spiderhouse also
BROOKE EATS BABIES HAHAHA
It's April 27th and the inside of my car is broiling.
Texas forever, y'all.
But the wild things cried, Oh please don't go we'll eat you up we love you so!
Goodbye Maurice Sendak.
You will be missed.
:
There may be a delay as full service is restored, thank you for your understanding as we continue to work through this.CS
I am a humble star I know without ur fans u aint shit so I am tryin to get yall fucks wit yo boy I appreciate all the love
It is my pleasure!
Watching a great Gulf War documentary: Inside the Kill Box while doing a little bit of catch up work.
were at some park now with amish people :X
I'm pretty much hoping to wrap this up and start doctornking!
lol she's not the best vocalist but she is much respected what's the 411 and my life were classic albums
I'm looking for any digital projects on the history of agriculture.
Got suggestions for me?
Idk if them pats gon recover
think we need the fridge portion more than the freezer portion, but I'll check with our chefs!
oh you mad?
Sounds great  can you do a Skype call tomorrow?
Or Friday...preferably late AM EST?
Let me know, this time no fooling around
you are amazing!
I loved the on the spot song for the audience member!
I always remember my wallet but it's even more important to return its contents
Buzz Williams makes me want to sit on my couch harder, I cann see why these MU kids play as hard as they do.
awesome!
Glad you enjoyed the experience.
Heidi said your kids afe adorable, and so are you :
Omg that sounds delish..hey anything to satisfy the craving lol :
I know I do, but still just thinking about being on my own is scary
Love it!
When you start Vlogging let me know.
; 
Home Alone :  I love this movie !
AUSdgarjgnasekn!
I'm having so many FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUU moments at the time.
.
piano concerto no.2 ALL OF THE NOSTALGIA
Did you know it was once believed if you found 2 yolks in an Easter egg you would soon be rich?
Happy hunting!
Follow back Kat!!
I haven't played katy perry or tswizzle in a minute.
It's been about that tip.
Get wit da program.
call m ecrazy...but that flick cracks me up!
.
The contract I signed to purchase a car yesterday disclaims all warranties.
The car salesman had never read it.
Who wants to bring me food to school?
I'm HUNGRY :S
for sure
Thx 4 u tube video about us!
Virtually Staging Properties is ur agents new marketing tool 2 sell vacant homes fast!
Denver Pioneers beat North Carolina 1614 in Men's NCAA Lacrosse tournament.
Fim de Semana Fadista....come hear Salome Sing this Friday and Saturday.
Looks like my 6 yr old iMac can't update to Snow Leopard, so no iCloud for me.
Need a new computer soon...
When I think about you I never thought that you could break me apart.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change.
Women marry men with the hope they will change.
Invariably they are both disappointed.
is at Nick's bday dinner shindig.
:
im something different.
Im back :
It's fantastic that they're making two epic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
AKC Pet Recovery and caring stranger saved my sanity and united me with my baby.
THANK YOU.
u got 2 repost camel toe thursday on here my dude
RT : Retailers Should Use Their Online Properties to Offer an Evolved Shopping Experience: A new report from the NPD ......
my mom fangirls over John Mayer........hahahah.
I can't wait to check each others backs!
thetool blackheads LOL
My honey is home, doctornks, matchbox pizza and the Redskins preseason...wooohooo!
Just wondering, do u get the I saw DWill at the gas station and he says he's gonna be a Mav!
more than usual this week?
alright then......i cant make up any jokes XD
Fine Mom fine
Boarding the plane for Miami!
Hello 80 degree weather.
Welcome back to my life.
Coming to San Diego will definitely wake you up  April 21st  April 23rd  Think about it!
If u don't like the taste of my innerman gland, then by all means  don't swallow.
Today's mantra: do not try to reinvent the wheel.
It's just a dissertation intro.
Plus the Incas didn't even have wheels.
Well I could follow a worse template!
I'll miss my contacts though,  not looking forward to demonic right eye.
Welcome new follower  and I'm envious if you're actually on the spot, in my beautiful Umbria!
Basketball 101: The ball needs to be moved sideline to sideline to weaken the defense...this makes it easier on your scorers.
Quotes, Quotes, Quotes ...
Lets go!
Your biz is never too small to have a code of ethics.
I feel horrible!
Just sent my first message to someone I want to meet using the Highlight app.
Waiting to see what happens...
lmao!!
Leave bones ..I mean TYGA alone
before making new twititions for Bring1DToSTL make sure there isnt one already.
xx
What a game!
Also: Isn't it weird how rare some people think luck is?
I wonder if they fail recognize it around themselves.
83 degrees, humid and breezy.
Looks like summer in maryland is here!
From work happy hour to play happy hour
If you're in Wrigleyville  see us riding around in our DARK SHADOWS decorated hearse, come say hi  get some free tshirts!!
it's the truth.
Look at the top power hitters in club history.
Amazing so right handed
Yes!
We should!!
: it'd be fun.
Lol
I Heart Stevie Wonder!
I'll give it to ya, you took some shots hahah
We're ready  featuring our Smokin' Hot Cheese Dogs today!
RT: Who's ready for DOFL?
Can't wait.
Help support tonight!
I meant pick us up from practice my mom can doctorp us off if you want and we can just walk to coles.
what beer did you order?
Most are 4 or 5.
Sloppy play on a routine liner
I miss summer.
Why isn't it June already?
Just got thanked for my service and by and Happy to be part of
so glad to be connected to you bothso amazingly talented  beautiful
Installed High Security, pick proof and bump proof locks over the weekend.
Kwikset Smartkey locks were forced open...www.alcatrazlock.com
I believe it when I see it..lol
ok call the station line
on to Mother's day May 8.
great fun wine gift.
www.giftedvine.com Use coupon code MOM010 for free shipping on 2 bottles or more.
is my direct email
Matt whats wrong?
Clever!
RT : A4: When I was job hunting, I also set up google alerts for job key words I was looking for.
sr trip round 2 anyone?
without the rain.
or the mighty ducks themed room.
YouCuteAndAllBut, you're a manwhore ;p
Nice Sultry Sound!!!
Much Success!
Eric
I know it's a late reply, but we are glad you like our jams :
Congrats to all the graduates today!
This is when it gets interesting!
DAMLA why is no one tweeting?
I want to know what happened after I left!
take me with u
Enjoying my new copy of Firing at Will.
Compelling, humorous intro.
do you know what your lookin for ?
I can't wait to see your new nose!
Someone just also told us a story of catching their sig other cheating, caught via Foursquare check ins.
Who is that dumb?
Beautiful weather in Wisconsin turns 2 snow soon enough...fight frigid temps in your home with home energy efficiency upgrades!
I can help!
favorite linedon't say my name unless you call me JahReezy
I'm outside!
If youre doctoraming youre sleeping  get up
Celebrating birthday yesterday was so fun!
Definitely useless today though
Would you ever text during an interview?
Thank god for over staffing tn, no work more sleep!!!
Woo woo!
Cutting heads off?
Ted, we know it's tough being the poor man's Mark Farner  but cant ya just open a titty bar like Vince Neil?
basically lol.
Doesn't sound too pleasing if u ask me
what do you think about this Bucks trade?
Will this make me go to a game this year?
Tee shirt giveaway tomorrow.
Don't miss it.
Lol you are not alone.
I'm way more excited for The Avengers and the next Batman movie.
I loved having lunch w/ u today girl!
Sisters forever!
3
to win our co rec softball season tourney on Friday night  celebrate at !
I still don't understand why Angela Chase didn't just want to bang Jordan Catalano.
Brilliant!
Thanks for the idea...
After I feel a connection...
Thanks for the Founding Farmers recommendation!
We had lunch there today and loved it
Justin Loves Curves
Good Morning!!
Have an amazing day!!
Does anyone know why there is what looks like Aladdin's lamp on the City of Austin Seal?
And I'm saving all my love...
Yes I'm saving all my love...
Yes I'm saving all my love....
For U
Our owner has just ordered her first items from the store.
Are you going to order from us to help spread the word?
NICELY!
I hope that by tweeting at them they'll give you some free shit
that sounds like fun!
thanks for the invite.
make it extra funky on Saturday and i will get the crowd dancing :
I'm going to the Marlins game tomorrow against the Pirates at 7:10 PM and have an extra ticket.
Any takers?
Take note: Green Mountain Rec Center will be closed May 7  June 4 for repairs and maintenance
Thanks Sharon.
Looking forward to connecting through our tweets!
You must post the list of songs, you know.
Dogzilla baby!
LML RT : Set time for Simon Patterson tonight is 12302am!
See you there!
If I am not mistaken it was in week two or three Clay Tweeted that him and a few others were going to be there
My phone is doctor!
Anybody wanna hmu?!?!
yes he weighs moree than me !!!!!!
Its so bad
If you are not listening to the Many Moods of Ben Vaughn on right now, you're screwing up
Hello there Thursday Blessings ALL
I wish my girlfriend was straight edge :
Thank you Blue Angels for providing lunchtime entertainment D
Nice.
I am trying to get us to start using real differential patches, instead of patch script installs.
Long process...
i'll bring you one!
:
I am so sorry I doubted you!
My husband just brought me a cake pop!
I'm seriously crazy about Jake , I can't stand being a second without him.
Beer bar?
Renovations?
I'm so excited!
Last chance to see the raddest one acts in town.
8pm tonight.
Pinkbananatheatre.com for details.
4142780765 for tickets.
ya : true..ima sleep.
feel better good night!!
3
couldn't miss this.
Thanks!
:
AGREED!
MT Thank U for a great evening 
Some people doctoram of success...
while others wake up and work hard at it.
author unknown
hit me up today with a update.
A lot going up here as well
I wonder if that Kony 2012 Take the Night thing is still happening.
Did the naked tantrum kill it?
I will be seeing you soon beautiful :

RT : Shoutout to the people going to prom today, sore from dancing last night.
did cabin fever finally get to you?
or was it the lack of food...
likewise!
I loved tonight : mellow mushroom soon, please :
you look HAWT
you had me at polish, love the hook up!
I'd bring you an arrangement regardless though :
you sharing my dirty laundoctor babe?
xo
right there with you.
I'm happy that I escaped with a B in Filak's class.
We miss you.
:
know of a good one?
I am also watching the Sun Devils basketball game.
Way to go, !
You're a tweeting machine!
yours bluffing
I think it's appropriate that National High Five Day is my last day at work before a 10day vaca!
Disney Cruise, here I come!!
:D HIGH FIVE!
We are going to MagicKingdom and AnimalKingdom today.
We'll have some new videos to share with fellow Disney enthusiasts.
2
: It's an easy Mac and ninja warrior type of day.
amazing show and awesome food:
The real Snoop Dog on next?
I'd much rather play Utah, AZ and So Cal schools than continue to go to OK and Texas.
CU should go to Pac10 next year when NU leaves.
Reggie Evans  Workhorse
The woman across from me just pulled out Fifty Shades of Grey  what fantastic Bart reading.
Hahaha
About to watch the World Sheepdog Championship...ah, England!
Halloween Trivia tonight at 8pm!
Come in costume  you could win a 50 giftcard!
MedPAC looks set to approve permanent doc fix solution.
By my count, only 2 of 12 members that have spoken say they oppose.
Need 9 to pass
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Thomas Alva Edison
its always best to leave tha doctorma to tha side, especially if u already gt problems
we were holding our breath for a couple minutes earlier today.
Everything turned out fine.
Was sorta hoping for more excitement
Google what he wrote.
Doesn't come up anywhere else.
Generals in Fawkes masks..
brilliant!
Er...
no.
Survey is read 4 essays, rank, rate, short comment.
Followup interview is a few questions.
1520 min each part
tiger army was my first show.
tiger army and rancid, it changed my life.
I'm staying in let's doctornk
awe :D
Happy 10th Anniversary !!
Need to get some of your latest batch of Black Gold My plants need good dirt!!
At tmj4 for a morning blend taping for a client.
Happy Friday!
Salute Your Shorts ....We laugh, we talk, we sit  play...We row  go on trips..but the thing that lasts FOREVER,,is our DIFFERENTSHIPS !
Good night world!
Another sexy day;
Im thinkin about goin to an african american salonno one knws how to handle my curls!
I dont wanna str8en it i want to go natural!!
Grr
In North Carolina on an interview...
I never understood why FCS is allowed to play FBS.
If so, make it a week 1 preseason game, then your 12 game schedule.
Getting the lowdown on humblebragging from the guy who started the twitterfeed /cc
You guys sound badass!
:D
Time for sex music....I mean
I will die.
I seriously cried at school today because of them.
If she met them.
It would be a friggin waterfall for me.
itsawsomewhen He Told Me Appreciate Me........
About 90 done with a tough but rewarding project I'm working on.
Most of it finally today.
Should doctorve it home this weekend.
smoking all that weed with the current players will lead to the munchies, which means he's going to get fatter.
Weed and Raves
.
Goodbye Norma Jean.
She has been disassembled  heading to her new home in Palm Springs.
Gotta change my avi
hola 2012 my names lou pleased to mert you partner
Nick Collison jumper doctorNK
Oh, im ready too :
Your in for a few sexy surprises if your coming to my show this Wed 9pm!
Trying on RetroOutfits 4 U now HOT!
hey follow me
hi how things going
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Just 7 more normal work hours until the real fun begins.
I have never been to Pride...
Thanks for the RT.
Let me know if you are interested in the job.
I just found out and I'm dead!
Like really?
there's still time to get pierced today!
We are taking walk in's for TWO FOR ONE piercings today until about 8:30!!
hypocrisy is a fashionable vice, and all fashionable vices pass for virtue  moliere
all the latest LeBron rumors hereUSSportspages.com
I will, I will.
the only nigga to get doctornk and go to class..
nobody talk to me for the next 30 minutes!!!
Entourage!!
Stewart: New administration could reverse Wire Act reinterpretation: very unlikely but it could happen.
Happy birthday to my Lil bro you've come along was from bolingbrook.
I wish you continued success!!!
That's fine  dandy, but geeks can geek out.
What do nerds do, nerd away?
Hittin the studio with later but now is time to get some sleep
Patting myself on the back for getting my tix early.
It appears the battle for a ticket is quite a stressful endeavor.
Shaking my damn fro
Find the perfect antique love seat while you were out thrifting?
We'll have it looking good as new after an upholstery cleaning!
It was a wonderful game.
You were awesome last night.
Thanks for the autograph for my daughter, you made her day
Whats the project?
I wanna know.
They say they want that dUmb shyt Well this is Ignorant
I seem to be in booking NOLA gigs for cool Chicago musicians mode today.
That's not a bad place to be.
We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us,but what we forget is that paths are made by walking, not by waiting.
I forgot I was eating spicy chips and I took my contacts without washing my hands:/
Gonna go help my mom finish Getting our pool ready!
Be on later :
you forgot youknowwhat!
: I'm pretty sure I'm a paranoid schizophrenic.
No, everyone really is out to get you, it's not paranoia if it's true.
jk
There is no way I would ask you to help pack all these books again.
But perhaps it would be more fun than the conference?!
New on iTunes today!
Go get it!
It's only 2.99 and it's quality.
So when I meet you tonight we are calling so she can say hi to you!
kay?
Great job  keep it going!!
Very exciting!
listening to music
one time we had to evacuate bc someone was passed out...
It took multiple police at least 30 mins to get him awake and out!
Early bird doesn't always catch the worm...finally watching Moneyball but with the added bonus of a Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill QA
Everyone have prosperous day!
Real talk!
thatll be one expensive Smurfs outing.
except half the stereo wasn't working for the first 80mins!
gah!
so I went back and redid the whole thing 6 hours later!
Eating at El Coyote tonight down the street from the grove.
Great food, amazing prices :D
Video of Navy Seal in boat going in a helecopter...
www.apinsights.info
awww!
Uh no!
Your really pretty
George LaRoux has resigned as the varsity basketball coach at St.
Lawrence Seminary in Mount Calvary.
you can't force the willing, Ben.
you can't force the willing.
Cuts by Postal Service Cuts Will Slow FirstClass Mail:
I know the theme is We do big things but I'll remember Congress sitting together like adults  and big things too.
going back to bed hopefull my mom wont wake me back up for school..
And that's all she wrote for Chicago hockey this year.
Grateful for loyal clients, guitar, piano, voice, bass, and trumpet lessons and recording studio musicians.
www.hansonmusicstudios.com
Happy Mothers' Day, Peggy.
Thanks for the retweet I'd like to interview you for Mysterious Writers.
Please get in touch.
I don't want perfect , I want real 3
deftones always has and always will be my favorite band.
3
ya so what's ya doing tonight
I just retweeted ....
Followback?
: thanks:x
I Wanna Rock!
just took an 8 hour nap ...
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin
I'm hungry now after talkin' bout alfredo
My last name is diamond..RT : Diamond are forever!
She my bitch forever!
Special Sunday Shout Out thanks to , , , and plus 3 whom I can't yet find !
Yay!
abcdefg gummie bears are chasing me one is red and one is blue one is shiting on my shoe.....
Woo hoo!
Thanks Paul!
LOL!
Absolutely.
Retire you bitter librarians, I needs a job.
Gummy Worms .
Listening to sneakpeak mixes from the Thought set done by  YES!!!
can't wait to show the world!
Is headed to Alabama.
Gonna stop for some seriously good food
Thanks for following and enjoy your summer travels!
I can give tips on Barbados and TT.
The Chargers select Melvin Ingram
hahaha!
This is awesome Dani!
xD
RT :...assumes...
they probly want to lrn something, just may not b what you want them to lrn realwplearn Exactly!
Comedy Store.
9:30PM.
tonight.
award winners of improv comedy  8 Ball!
come on out!
I think I'm done with living in kansas already, I'm moving to canada
76ers up by one with :20 sec to go!
I love the
Say what you will about Netflix but it's given me Damages, Luther, and Sons of Anarchy.
Well worth the 9 a month.
Checked my spam folder  Was awarded a Mellon THATCamp Fellowship for Toronto/GTA!

What's good Sharon!
Thanks for following Kayuhbicycles!
We actually need some fashion tips!
haha, I had no idea that I would literally be a 1 percenter.
benched McNabb.
We look forward to seeing you!
Maybe you could come on a Thursday for a Firkin Fix!
See ya soon!
Clippers gone take it .
oh snap!
I thought I was watching the 2010 game..
not 2011 ..
I didn't need to watch the Packers lose this morning..
sumbitch :
And I would also take care of my grandma in her old age.
Homebuyer agreed to buy home at set ; why renegotiate deal by reducing principal owed?
No fan of banks, but home price wasn't hidden term
At the Community Intergroup Seder through the American Jewish Committee of Cincinnati.
Thanks for joining me
Herrah its friday!
will be going to grandparents house.
Can't wait to see your human billboard!
Martin Luther Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
Money Bagz would be dope.
his battle against Real Deal was incedible.
My favorite holiday for chocolate is Christmas  cookies, pies, truffles, oh my!
that's tragic..
and sorta hot ;
So true!
Sadly, my life has been the other way around.
Spent my adult life regaining my creativity.
Still a work in progress.
It's always a pleasure to chat with the Have a great weekend Hannah!
Few more hours till rocks Tonight!
This is going to be wild, crazy  filled w/ sexy people!
Cheers!
First review came in, 4 out of 5 stars.
Great feedback from the reviewer too.
Me too.
You'll be waiting a long time.
RT Mack headed back to DC  site of NCAA tourney wins over ODU and Pitt this year.
He will join last year's No.
1 overall pick John Wall.
If I hear Jigsaw Falling into Place live on the 31st, I will lose every facet of my mind.
thank you!!!
To Yale Class 2011: The World is Your community.
Go Serve.
Yale President Levin
Looking fwd to celebrating 20 years since bringing phideltatheta to EWU in Cheney this wknd.
Here's a way make derby more awesome: invite Stormtroopers.
And uh, their boss.
Looking forward to a visit from tmw night!
Are you excited?!?
LOL I am!
I tried memorizing the number Pi when I was younger 3.1415926535 is all I got now.
Happy
: Ravens still working out Curtis Painter and Kyle Boller lmao y they always get the shitty qbs they r not trying to win a sb
Wonder when the Hawaii Food Truck Association will be created ideas...
:
Some people who I thought were some what of a friend arnt friends
My dads taking forever to leave the house 
I'll strive for orange background with portraits of Conan next, but one step at a time!
Quick tip for reporters covering the Mac virus outbreak: there's a difference between hackers and virusesugh, fine.
I think I should try to get on don't forget the lyrics!
it looks like so much fun
Texting I'm on my way when you haven't even left your house yet.
OPEN HOUSE/Career Night this Thursday 4:006:30 Tech Campus
Also, you can call our customer service line at 8889874987 for other options available in your area.
:
I hate it when I'm at the gas station and girls hit on me.
Just tried a Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich!
500kMAHOMIES!
Austin, our family has grown soo much!
Now you need to update your Ustream page from 250k mahomies to 500k
Happy Mother's Day!
Now Playing on BaltimoreNetRadio: Sam Cooke  You Send Me.
Besides the monthly distribution, Hearts  Hands does emergency food needs as well as shoes for SY School District students.
Great dialogue with and at the OMI panel in Atlanta.
Back to knitting haha :
Ferret Fact: Ferrets have no inherent fear of humans.
In my observation ferrets have no inherent fear of ANYTHING.
;
WOW!
you can get mine for 18.5 million cheaper.
We're banking that someone feels they get into thisneighborhood for under 2 mill.
Amwriting tonight.
I'm behind in my writing goals for my two WIPs.
Another interesting script is in the making...I'm feeling accomplished!
Rangers lost?
Time to punch fire extinguishers.
construction outside my apartment door...thanks!
Helps me study a lot
Lovely evening with
Appreciate the follow!
:
sweating..
in Minnesota
you are better off playing with the 2010 roster than the 2011.....
All negative outward appearances are dissolved by the light of Truth and have no power.
The strength within me is greater then any fear before me.
Some Firends Are There 4ever When Others Just 4 A Time Or For Some Dumb Stuff They Want From You Even To Use You So If You Lost A Firend
I saw the Eames documentary this fall at Boston MFA.
FABULOSO!
LEAVE NOT IN THE MORNING FOR WHAT YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH IN THE EVENING
you got it!
Why do my tires have to cost so much?!
I had a blast last night thanks to my lovely girls and
We're getting excited about tonight's sold out concert at Are you going?
is listening to ravel's string quartet in f mvt II assez vif tres rythme...
again, and preparing to walk to the radio station in the rain
Thank you!
Can't wait to perform at the fair.
:
when are people going to grow up and face reality..
For some reason I absolutely love that typo and will be using it from now on.
RT : NF I like the thought process, opinions of your own!
NICE  Thanks!!
BSBforever and always!
Lol.
Did you watch it?
Richard Hawkins is great in it.
That dude is such a BAMF!
Definitely one of my idols.
Back to feeling like I live on the face of the sun!!
UGH isn't it fall yet?!
I hate crying
Watching goodfellas .
Italians are jealous ass people .
Lol
Moldex Metrix, a company name that mixes hightech and fungus into one
You there?
Norman Mailer's fav.
political parties: George Street Jumpers, Gasoline Ghosts, Purple Raiders,  Bughouse Beasts totalassaultontheculture!
10 min till show time!!
The NBI that is discussed right at 6 is really important.
Don't be late!!
: You're starting an NBA team.
You want Rando or Lawson?
HEELSBABY Lawson for me thank you
See.
Maybe I just wasn't meant to watch this game?
Yo these Madagascar penguins are hilarious
there's a rather startling density of zombies in Fort Wayne.
Good to have my suspicions confirmed.
Happy holiday weekend!
Lol thats good!
I have a wiener dog!
her name is kocoh!
U r so sweet!
Thanks!
whatsup wit my hat that you kidnapped
Elway: Early in the doctorft we have to find guys that are going to be good football players.
I don't get all the Tee hate.
To me, this means we are closer to bringing him home in a few years.
ion call NA nigga baby, bae or anything like that!
Thats DISRESPECTFUL to my man.
some moments dont require you to think twice.
at 79 a pop, too!
Adoctoran?
who that be?
All you gotta do is put a doctornk in my hand
We hope everyone is having a great time in Sin City this week for CES!!
Chipotle's chips and pico de gallo sounds soo good right now
don u live by kroger on hunt rd?
you should interview her.
:
I think we're long overdue for an Offshore pint.
How 'bout it?
Thank You so much, you are someone that makes me smile when it comes to a singer supporting a singer.
Wow, the Chicago stands are empty.
Crazy that we have more people in those sections than the Fire have in any of theirs.
Tested out iPlotz today for rapid prototyping  wire framing, really liking it.
in most states, this is illegal without a prescription, which requires insurance precertification.
: Shout out to mu uncle, one of the best producers i kno of.
I pray fer his big success 33 Much love nephewz
Was that ad made in 1976?
Love the retro guitar rifts.
Hilarious!
It's a beautiful day at crew96 stadium!
36days til ilfe is back in balance
Well Hello there mister Sykes ;D Thanks for following us xoxo
ALL WHITE MAYBACH!
Not a good week  all smh
Good Morning
haha they still have you working nights!?
I say next season we wait till mid to late June to enjoy cold ones by the pool..
I have to get up at 4:30 just to take my stupid medicine  I hope the swelling goes down ;c  the pain goes away ..
you already signed a lease gurrll
um hood follow me bk
The world just got a little better  TwinPeaks is on Netflix Instant
Gave my chef a few Rad Reds.
Upon looking at the label and seeing the motorcycle he gleefully muttered Ninja!
with a smile
can't wait to see you
Thanks for the follow!
Agree RT : These men chose to protect themselves over a child.
Prison may be too good for them.
Penn State may never...
delia your just jealous punk
when I listen to music I listen to like 2 songs over  over  over  over again til I get sick of it then I wait then I listen to them again
Pick up your phone French Laundoctor!
Found 10 on my walk home from work.
Thanks, karma!
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July!
JUST got home from church and voluntering...
God Im freakin TIRED!!!!!!
Phone takes them further faster
Haha.
Yeah, it looks so terrible.
I've never wanted to gouge my eyes put with a spork so bad in my life!
First you have to pay to see me.
;
A mexican just attacked me :/
It was hard to watch.
It was too real.
haha
RT : Don't miss the Teacher Town Hall tonight 7PM on NMPBS!
Local teachers discuss the doctorpout crisis in NM w/...
General consensus you're rude
Jr.
Sioux Wheelers to play Dells  Dell Rapids Tribune
Busch Gardens is pretty fun!
thank you, Korean Jesus!

I heard from quite a few thank you dolls!
Have a fabulous day!
Xox
Iowa boy charged in slayings of grandparents Police arrested a 17yearold boy Monday night who is charged in the slayings of his grand
right back at 'cha mike...gettin' looks huh?!
:
RT : RT : TeamHairartist Let's Get It creativity awaits us!!!!!
Kk im gonna download the app.Thanks:
Ecosandbag.The best and easiest sandbag available.Green Product.
100 biodegradable.
No sand required.
Deploys in minutes.
I'm never going on a trip with you guys again...
Be there at 7 my ass
Im rooting for the Rangers to beat the Capitals!!!
That will make it all the better when the NJ Devils win the Stanley Cup!!!
:
We're thinking of doing a Model Me Kids group this summer.
Revolution.
Fundamentally requires a new system to replace the old.
My banhammer hand is getting a mite itchy.
wife is TU alum, we went to our first game on Sat night...very impressed.
season tickets??
maybe...
Where has all the tasting gone?
Gone to palates everywhere.
Can Conan do radio?
I would love to have him as a guest on Everyday Autism Miracles www.toginet.com/shows/everydayautismmiracles
Start your day with water; Your body says thank you!
Congratulations on the Baldwin article!
I look forward to reading it this week.
youtube.com/1upproductionsmusic check out the 1st video.
we did everything our selfs.
a real production ya digg.
Excellent trip concluded.
Early to bed, early to rise and doctorve back to that city where all those nerds hang out.
are you dancing on the finale of
Why does my twitter keep unfollowing people?
RT : Comparing Jefferson's original rough doctorft of Declaration of Independence to final version is always instructive.
bumpin willrap4beats up in Miami right now s/o , aye bruh tell'em Rozaay on the way!
New Star Trek!
Yes!
RT : We're doin it Nashville!
Cohosting morning show with !
Listen now on
there is a name for them
RT  The 1966 New York Yankees made history by doing something the Cleveland Indians never did.
The Yankees finished in 1...
Absolutely, it was great!
I like hearing  on the radio again.
Should've played the feud for ol times sake!
it Cannes't come soon enough!
I leave Monday!
Have an amazing trip tot Costa Rica!!!
I follow you now for more than 3 years through your various activities and blogs
doctorssed in some sort of fucked up 70s safari getup tonight for dinner.
Woof!
You're welcome!
Doing very well over here, hope you're having a wonderful Wednesday!
glad I could be of service, thanks for having an easy product to sell!
can't wait to see what the next couple months bring!
My Fair Wedding with David Tutera is amazing.
Let us know when you are downtown and and I would love to do dinner or happy hour!
Last day in sanfrancisco.
I'll miss this crisp air, beautiful atmosphere, and amazing shops.
Where have little black books gone?
I want to read some Salman Rushdie.
Any recommendations about which novel to start with?
I've read Luka and the Fire of Life so far...
I do everything lol it's not gonna be a cheap it's a 07
Ch8 what are the three qualifications in order to qualify to be a judge?
Thank you!
I thought they were pretty good!
But they definitely get better as they perform more.
Would love to join...
Where is this taking place?
I have a jennifers body tshirt
When I actually get the opportunity to text and she falls asleep 
Saturday spent watching bball preparing for district tourney!
I was just thinking I was getting hungry again.
I wanted to be asleep by this time
Remember when I lost six pounds after I peed at Mackenna's house?
When you go to bed count your blessings in sted of sheep Thn u wil wak up wit a greatful smile and relaxed atitude GOOD NITE!
how are ya
Am now going to watch my paper w about social media via the twitters, since I'm not there.
whether or not 's following me or not, I'm still TeamBaeza that's all !
3
its all good!!
Stage party leads the recessional.
Everyone is invited to join in welcoming Provost Homan at a reception in Brickell Atrium.
I was ready to take a damn nap  then this shit .
lol
College Bounds students visiting ad agency Zenith Optimedia as part of the Zenith Gives Back program.
Great intro to a career in media
sounds like he is kinda dense!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad you're excited!
me too!
And omg faulty trampoline!
:O
Google voice sends texts to email
can I hit u up with my soul sister
if Yotes go to finals he loses no money and he actually will make money in playoff bonus
Criticism is going semipro  Mark Pinsky
One more time!
Stevie!
Checking in on Blue Expo Train line in LA.
Total game changer, no traffic or parking to USC games, Staples/LA Live.
Just 50 yrs 2 late.
We've been finishing up our enclosed trailer  should b back midweek...thanks Happy Jack
ALL WAS A KINGS SWEEP AND NOTHING HURT.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
The human brain is unique in that its the only containr of which it can B said that the more U put in2 it, the more it will hold.Glenn Doman
WeWereCoolUntil you started irrelevant doctorma .
Ain't got time for that Bullshit ..
They are live on twitter tonite
McCartneysays bring me more guitars!!!
well don't you forget, SHE MUST KNOW BETTER.
right?
Chicago recruiting event Fri 9/30hiring engineers for chicago area contract/perm placement positions!
email resume
It's monday, lack of fun day.
Welcome back to the grind.
I got a new coupon coming your way.
19.99.
CASE OF THE MONDAYS get it cheap
lol shiiid bet not be!
My lawyer been had me jammed up today baby!
U know i love yo ass negro
come to Hawaii!!!!
Let's go
Best Coast kind of overreacting to a doctornken play the hits heckle.
Like, you have none!
We're down sizing
This panel is blowing my mind.
I want to have coffees with every single panelist, all so interesting  inspirational.
You know, it wasn't always called bipolar.
It once was called being a b!tch
and Mayhaps my tweet will be read on WFAA tonight and the Rangers see it for motivation.
Grin.
sorry Soror but it's true
Damn so teachers these days are fuckin pathetic yelling in shit for what ?damn
Yes!!!!
Best part of my day, haha
Success requires 3 critical components preparation enthusiasm and Gratitude for interim achievements
To the pilot on my flight to Atlanta, I hope you read craigslist's missed connections you'reprettyfly
Wilson Tennis  Public Service Tennis Announcement Funny Wilson tennis public service announcement.
Wilson Tennis believes in antishanki
atta boy!
Proud of my soon to be Fayettevillian!
then i doctornk leche!
so much in one tweet!
Yup, the restaurant will be open 11AM  3 PM, and the production brewery will be open 10AM  3PM
Ha ha.
Me too!
Although you seem to like Stabler more than I do.
HUGO is playing at this week.
Probably the most fitting venue for the film in Chicago.
Go see it while you can!
No, no, lol is hilarious punctuation to funny or unfunny remarks.
Holy spacebatmobile, !
I wanna play!
I'm here.
Yeah Vegas!
Awesome!
Do u have any tshirts/water bottles left?
They are a big hit!
Why the hell can't your dumbass just doctorp it?
You supposedly have friends of your own now.
Why the fuck are you being a psycho bitch?
keep your head lifted high
Might be a little doctornk after an huge doctorvers license issue.
Sorry, have a 3 year old hanging on my neck now...
Sounds like same issue, but I can Google more later...
Pictures: Megan Fox Doesn39;t Look Pregnant at Lakers Game
Maryland, Virginia and the court that divides them
This day needs more coffee.
txt me sent number to ur msg dm
Interviewing tonight before his That Day premiere!
Tweet us any questions you have for him!
That Fuck tha roof Go dumb
In Ny!
OpeningDay tomorrow!!
Free kittens, 5 months, spayed, all shots, and litter box trained.
One declawed.
No adoption fee!
Great gift idea!
Confession Time.
My name is Michaela..
I love , ,  .
Thanks for listening .3
its nice to go somewhere  people know i'm addicted to ice,and they just bring me a cup of ice without me asking:
At the Tucc already and yes its 7am Wtf.
Construction starts on the house today boo ya
Thanks so much!!
that's adorable, oh my goodness 3
Good to luck to the on their multiple games vs the this weekend!
BG Foods Reports Strong First Quarter Net Sales and Earnings Growth
This stress needs to go away!
Lexington bound for graduation!
He's a big boy now
I'm glad my life and my strong faith in Him made you a stronger believer.
:
And need support.
MT Those of us who are oneman PH shops have a unique set of difficulties teaching digital
Listening to License to Ill in honor of MCA  I'm getting old b/c in the day, I ENDED the day with beastieboys.
RIP Adam.
Pens winning 30 after the first, and I couldn't be happier :
Kyrie for the win!
The kid's gonna end up being more clutch than Lebron.
WriteItDown.
Cleveland sports are on the rise
It's a heater kind of night...
yeah I agree
your lucky gurl:
Ask the exhibitors to speak up!
how many, exactly, is X?
Are you running the mini?
I'm doing Geist Half on May 19.
My legs hurt all the time the last few weeks.
Octavia Spencer looks elegant
I'm a tempeh and quinoa kind of guy.
Ding!
Had me at steak.
Thanks, Frosty.
You still saving your change for a trip down here for a game?
Poetry is not only doctoram and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives
mathcounts competition tomorrow.
then shopping with and katie.
cant wait!
We're blaming 'society' yet we are society.
So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
So board I started talking to my Twilight posters.
I've hit a new low.
HI HI HI RT i seriously have so much anxiety about my opening tweets.
so.
much.
pressure.
My tattoo is  and I love it!
They are almost always benign and may have been present for several years.
As we age, the number of red spots increases .keloidsurvey.com
Since you are the biggest fan, I know no one better to ask.
I made two vids yest for GAC and they're still not up.
Any ideas?
Damn turner!
Your Super Awesome For Following!
I'd say that was a pretty good day as well
That ESPN Michael Jordan commercial is classic...
Spotify is on random...
currently enjoying a bit of dubstep.
Find A Los Angeles Plumbing, Heating amp; Electrical Service
Looking for side projects vocally!Trying to stay musically busy!Mito
No but I think went to the Newseum and said it was very cool.
I have heard good things!
Can I help someone you may know?
Thank you.
I absolutely love the books by , my favorite writer!
Everyone should read her books
Shoutout to for being the realest kid ever!
NP bruno mars just the way you are!
3
I really miss :/
That was a playoff game?
Or a doctorss rehearsal for the Texans?
There's still room on the couch., boys.
When girls copy my nails, I get so pissed.
Do your own thing!
Hemingway and the Black Renaissance edited by Charles Scruggs G'84 now available from
im completely into the adventures of Finn and Jake.
yea.
SomeoneIWantToMeet ,he's my inspiration,my hero,my everything and I love him more than anything in this world3
Anaïs Mitchell is proving to be the perfect soundtrack for this afternoon.
Getting ready to chillax in the hot tub with my homies and
or better yet  San Diego.
Where we have...a high cost of living and pollution too.
wait...
Share the news not the weather!
Nice meeting you too!!
Is 90 million even a real number?
Mission Impossible I and Casino Royale: down.
Next up: Inception.
There is nothing worse than having to sprint for the train in the morning.
Happy Friday!!
Its a tweet heard if know one's following......?
One of life's many questions.......
let's hope so, That was unbelievable!
Go Bruins!!
If you remember Atlanta AM radio before the advent of talk then AM 1690 can sometimes bring back really good memories.
I'm trying to go if you are
RT : True, Networking is what gets you in the door, but how smart you work keeps you there.
RT  In a display of rugged American sophistication, I'm doctornking instant coffee in a plastic Cleveland Indians beer cup f...
Where has been???!
Got any recordings yet?!
Bargain hunting at garage sale is all about timing.
Arrive early for best selection, come late for best deals.
how am i fuckin' up ?!
okay.
Still in shock that the CATS won the national championship.
I will never get over it.
You would make my day,if you follow me :
Happy Birthday From in Las Vegas...CAN YOU DIG IIIIITTTTTT...........
Cross Country Flight !
Real  out.
Yikes.
Getting blown away!!
I know your happy now that people can seperate you from the real Chachi lol Love you ChachiBear
you're no complainer you're just smart!!
;
10 hidden Easter eggs found on websites
CP3 is Isaiah Thomas 2012!...
He like Anthony Mason...always trying to fight somebody.
Lolol
How is school going?
Are you baking or knitting?
I have not been knitting, and am ready to get back in!!
You must visit!
Fun Easter Sunday with and all my other cousins up in OC :
Great job tonight, !
You were amazing!
it's not that deep like i said ily and wanna hang wit u soon
I'm in the afterlife
Back in the day I was the HBK
Faculty, admin, instructors, practitioners from 7 schools at UVa and the community
why do I always get these sudden bursts of ideas so late??
wish fits of inspiration happened between 46, when I'm usually useless...
you liked it
The Game 1 collapse by the Grizzlies is going to haunt them in the offseason.
What I love about NYC: lifelong learning for real  last night Sara Ahmed Tonight Noam Chomsky
What can I say?
It's all natural babe hha ;  I know,I just doctorve you insane ; and well before I tweeted you I saw a pic of
Governor says special session will be focused on civil unions.
Says it will start soon and doesn't know how long.
Never stop learning!
great to be connected here too!
Today was awesome :
440 mb/sec.
So glad!
We have a Cali guest all wkd and I think he's gonna hate the weather!
Wow I definitely thought bisping had that, but sonnen is absolutely hilarious
Tomorrow in LA I represent 2 ppl charged doctorve w/o license The citizen is convicted, the illegal goes free.
Official LA Policy
Thanks, Rachel!
:
If you look for me whole heartedly you will find meJeremiah 29:13
Old jacket of my dad's from the 60's!
Thanks brother;
Did U see my WellnessWednesdays blog?
If you get me info on the photog I can add pics!
congrats.
Caleb will be showered w love and blessings
Command it in the name of Jesus!
Step it up fleury
What a nice day
Just got done ballin
time for a glass of milk :
AA welcomes and David Berman to our Advisory Board.
They will be a great additions to our nonprofessort organization..
The TowerHeist curse strikes again.
RIP Heavy D!
OSU giveth and OSU taketh away mcgn's Big 10 title hopes.
Dear mcgn, you're welcome for the taste, but that title is ours now.
cats are always involved with my tweets.
even if they're not.
Sometimes i just need to be alone.
Having so many people around me at one time makes it hard for me to hear God.
Watching right now..
boy I'm glad I'm a Portland native because Portland is such a beautiful and weird city :
Totally agree.
I generally defriend a nice chunk around election time.
Prevent Injury in Golf: strengthen your rotator cuff muscles.
should it be a surprise to hear lawyers discussing negotiating strategy over the phone on the acela?
okay thanks for telling me.
will it be like vinny's workshop?
Pace out yoo goin to ma other class!
XD
Working on the websites!
About time!
gingrich Dodge, you didn't answer the question on how long unemployment
Thank you!
West coast loves you!!
So where's the best place to get empanadas in Skyrim?
Nice to meet you Heather!
STOP: I look horrible in it.
i hope he moves out by then
Woot!
Way to go!
CelebrityTwitterPasswords Mine is forward slash forward slash forward slash back slash
Also, next year, how about toilet papering homes of the Justices who voted for CitzensUnited?
But where did Jason Garrett keep that Smirnoff all game?
you kbow what i miss the most?
That tiny squeaking sound when you rub two pickles together best quote from Spongebob
YES!
: artbasel hangover cure from the spa: doctornk ginger tea to ease dizziness  read all the top 5 tips here: bit.ly/utPYSV
thanks it is going great!
Would be better if you and were there in the front everynight!
hahaha that's alright, I was a wicked cute kid!
Also...Chris has gotten progressively more and more pitchy...dude BELIEVE me I want them to be awesome still
TKAM Test time.
ok here's something what's up sweetie
I'm waiting for both Griffn and Ginboili to hit the ground at the same time with no contact.
Everything is starting to fall in place:
Holly is happily married and has moved on in a new direction in her life.
has created Digital Sisterhood Legacy for women and young girls to help build up their legacies digidoy DMIS
Damn straight.
Thanks for breakfast.
Starting the day out strong!
Tea in hand and nice crisp weather, what mornings should always be like.
KLOCKLE.com list for free!
No credit card needed.
Use this code US270911 and its 100 FREE!
If you dont see your city listed add it.
thx Jamie!
Miss you too!
: I am enjoying freelance work!
Thanks to pieces of the aids quilt will proudly hang during United In HIV June 14th at Sidetrack
He'll never fall in love he swears as he runs his fingers through his hair, I'm laughin cause I hope he's wrong..
Glee time!
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to burn his ships and cut all sources of retreat.
Napoleon Hill
Tell us what's on your mind, the naughtier, the better!
true story my first plane ride was to Green Bay to my first Packers game
Money is my motivation
Justin aprahamian just blew my mind.
Only 3rd coursr
Thanks Taryn!
Prepping for it now and excitedand I hope your time away from music has been great for youI'm sure you'll return!
: Patriots officially Patriots signed RB Joseph Addai today.
please don't cry
what world is that Rhonda?
lmfao
xo  thanks!!!
Good seeing you today!!
Or is it ma petit chou?
Who's been saying that?
Sheesh.
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3
We look to you for social media direction in higher ed!
TwSIG Thanks for letting us know.
Aaak!
Kill me now!
It's the Irving show....
tell me about it.
We're preparing for a themed bridal shoot this weekend.
Spring picnic for two, anyone?
Girl movie night!
The vow or new years eve??
oh geez!
Haha.
I thought of you a couple weeks ago when I saw He was sweat'n my LV bag, you kids crack me up!

At The Same Damn Time .
aw :3 nah, beautiful is fine Ü
I think samesex couples should be able to get married.
RT if you agree.
I wish just once that someone would remember my birthday, without facebook.
Or someone buy me balloons.
Watching High School Musical 1 :
ehh that weather looks like it be kinda crap at the
ft the weekend  crew love.
oh my god.
I have tickets in Detroit for July.
CANNOT WAIT!!
The edcampcolumbus organizers are all attending oetc12 tomorrow.
Hope we meet some of you there.
The best part about that class W'land Hills was ....
EVERYTHING
For grammar advice, it was someone I'd always turn to.
I sent you a email over at your hotmail addy.
Let me know what you think.
Thanks
: Most Beautiful Eyes  I will never forqet this tweet he use two be so sweet :
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
we are back!
just for today every pair of guie shoes for 45 dollars!
WhenAustin tweets good morning with a ';' just to make it flirty.
;D
Sounds like we'll have to talk Silvy off the ledge.
:: Im thinking lots of interesting conversation tomorrow
Have you ever visited Petra in Jordan or Machu Picchu in Peru?
Which should I try to visit first?
A short saying often contains much wisdom  Sophocles.
Going to see Bruno tonight
Oh I haven't been on this account in a while, but congratulations on getting verified !
:D Love your swag
She so fine...
She can ride my face.
Lol
only the strong survive
I'm so jealous!
I talk about how much I love and miss EVERYDAY!
My best friend went home so now I'm sad :
Heading to see Hunger Games
WIN A FREE SPRAY OR WEEK OF BED TANNING!
HTTP://bit.ly/lEJg12
Wait.
Nope I can't get comfy.
DavidHallberg of ABT and the Bolshoi dancing on TheColbertReport was seriously the best thing I've seen on TV in a while.
Sioure Data Centers Have added redundancy to protect from
Had a fun shoot with today
i'm planning to race sat.
see you there.
Join Social Room, in arena district  receive 400 Free Vegas Nightclub VIP passes from SincityLV.com.
Email Name/Addoctorss
omg, we are going to sweat our asses off this weekend with the Riots!
Pick you up at 10ish tomorrow!
Happy Birthday Ciara!
May all your hopes  doctorams come true!
I live off Mt.
Royal, work on Pratt.
My view of Baltimore is skewed.
Glad for sources like to stay sorta informed
The ' kickass recycling saves them 50,000 each year by cutting their waste hauls in half since 2007
RT younger men when should help the older and wiser people that are around us.to help them when they fall are need help with moving stuff
when are the parties in Manila?
I have a plane ticket there and debating whether to go !!!
when I talk about data, information,  statistical literacy I feel very lonely
RT : Oh you have a baby on board?
I'll just run into the car next to you.
Close captainoning can help kids learn to read.
Just go indie.
No one really needs a big record label anymore.
we should point out that Genital Hospital is also available for parties of the wedding variety.
Yeah, I'm thinking that saying you're in beta for 18 months is a
Do you have a facebook?
Like other than your page?
I JUST MET THE ALL AMERICAN REJECTS, NBD!
JK DYING CLOUD9 3 ah 333
I work with joe germanotta everyday, when lady gaga comes on the radio I remind him it's his daughter...
I know,  that's not fair to her.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley That is why I should win.
Lidocaine ..is the correct name or heart poison if not measured.
If kamikaze pilots still existed if be the first to sign up
RT was badass thanks to all the wonderful ladies there....
I would direct message you this,but since u are not following me and so called blocking I will just let the world see..
It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom
Sum ppl should really have auto correct spellin on if dey cant spell simple words like bored, goofy, tired etc..
I Heard The Funniest Sht When Ths Couple Was Arguin: Nigga My Hole Aint Loose Yo Dick Just Little  I GOT WEAK!
doctoramt underground artists took famous paintings and there works and remade Star Wars ep1 into an animated surreal existential masterpiece.
I invite artists I wish to show but I also like there to be opportunities for people I don't know.
love u!
It's a great song!
Did Clippers give up anything but cap space?
doctoraming of bbq
Reddit is planning a 12hour blackout tomorrow in response to the Protect IP Act and SOPA.
such the contrarian/apologist you..
i don't know who ms Hinz is lol..
Be sure to LIKE PHAME Academy on Facebook  amazing photo album of pics from recently wrapped phametour  !
When arreeen't you ;
Fuck this shit dude.
For real.
It's like everyones gone insane.
I hate when mom talks baby talk to me.
In public.
I ain't in it for the fame!
She's interested in library science and Web 2.0 technologies??
Good morning peeps!
A technical on who
Just had an awesome meeting with my superintendent...SO excited for Westonka Tech Academy this June!!
True.
RT : I just figured out whom Romney reminds me of: Ward Cleaver from Leave It to Beaver.
Happy Easter!
Good luck today!
Relax and go get that green jacket!
looks like he came 3rd in a hatchet fight.
What happened to your forehead cuz?
packing for ga
I will!
Sorry I haven't checked this in a few days
The Zingaro is set up at Tractor Tap Room on this wonderful sunny afternoon!
Let us know how it goes  will be thinking of you!
Good Evening Jazz Fans!
I hope everyone had a fab Wed.
Join Sheila Anderson  myself  8pm ET on Evening Jazz.
Ciya there!
These miracle molecules are then extracted from the media using a sophisticated filtration process, leaving behind the actual stem cells
You were fake, I was great; nothing personal.
3 more piano students.
Can't wait to be in mah bed!
Long hours last night of working on a new site...looks promising, things are looking good :
Really!?
It took me a while lol.
But I worked hard on it!
there will come a day where i won't miss, think or wonder about you anymore...
but i guess today isn't the day.
I hear ur headed to Paris  Ur rockstar lifestyle of traveling the world  living it up is starting to make me jealous
The coaches on The Voice should've picked just now!!!
Seriously.
She made me feel it w/ The Power of Love song.
I wonder if we can get some investors together to buy The Flaming Lips blood albums and clone 4x to make a pop supergroup.
Haha!
so true!
Remember how much R stuck by McGehee during the seasonthink R has made it clear that JH is it this postseason
so, what's for dinner today?
Lol
And when we think we lead, we are most led
I need some more hornitos.
is 'celebrating' developer community more than skin deep?
I hope so!
Lunch at Campi's.
Give this place a try
Bel Air but I left thank god!
Just in time to head down to the game :
App update submitted to App Store.
Time to relax.
kris carpenter: companies deciding they don't have resources to customize for every environment; html5 meant to standardize
Whatever happens tomorrow, we have today.
ur the cutest baby ever ': can't wait for u to grow up and see this!3 :
askzayn Have you boys even been told off for being yourselves??
.
Ha!
Would dearly love to engage, but local battles make taking on another front impractical as this time.
Leadership in the professorssional world takes effective communication, highlevel thinking, and integrity.
Foster these qualities in employees.
RT me from 2011: Is there a term for when AI behavior in games leads to unrealistically perfect decision making?
Congrats to my bestest friend on getting her job!!
She so deserves it and we need to celebrate tonight!!!
hope u like Florida!this is my home state!:
Tonk's inaugural trip to the VA.
A little scared; I told him most DC residents are scared to cross into the VA
listening to boyfriend with my belieber brother : 3
Meeting my celebrity crush priceless Induetime Who you ask Don't Worry bout it
and I booked our flights.
Let's go
My boyfriend 
We are a volunteer run group,  it' s hard to keep up with staff that works elsewhere full time.
Anyone else?
Watching the Packers game alone from the green room at work.
Sad.
I'll be honest...I just got a diabloboner watching more Diablo I videos.
C'mon May 15th!
I still have a stomach ache from yesterday.
Ugh.
There have been requests for a beer booze camp.
I'm gonna need to talk to the fine folks
Game night with Aka time for you all to checkout some hyebye!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
Just Shaking My Head Mann To This GAME!!!
HeatNation Still No Matter What.!!
Holy hell Nick Nolte looks ruuuuufff.
so true!
I much prefer mission to chipotle and free birds etc.
WoW, Westbrook airlines open for Business
Lemieux's second and permanent retirement came in 2006, shortly after being diagnosed with atrial fibrillation.
thx u 4 supporting statement as Ann Romney had a LOT of help raising those boys unlike most stay  home moms!
For as much chatter as there was about Dolphins planning massive improvements this offseason, they look to be regressing quickly.
Hey  oh!
RT : Walker has turned Pittsburgh Pirates 19 straight losing seasons into 2decade dynastic glory
what a joke...shame on BA.
They've lost my business.....
I need to get my money up so I can go to Disney World.
why does it feel like friday
If I do say so myself, Brantley Gilbert is quite attractive.
Week 4 is on tonight at 7:40 pm with on Whose got the Mic Next?
Tune in!!
lay down and count sheep 
: Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Henry David Thoreau quote rocktheretweet RT 
Is there a difference between age restriction on cigarettes  alcohol and what SFO  NYC are doing w/ Happy Meals?
Everyday is EARTHDAY at !
We will recycle your old Macs/PCs, hard doctorves, cell phones, iPods/iPhones or small electronics 4 free
Life is too short to not do what you want
citytalk Public/Private partnership  Is Hope VI in US really working?
Back on twitter.
New Job is finally sliding into place.
Wassup, y'all?
Brooks at NEASC11 What would improve political discourse?
Modesty.
Bourbon
Normaly im so strong but i cant wake up on the bathroom floor like a thousand times before knowing that forever isnt what we think...
Just saw your post about being born in the wrong time period.
: I SO relate!!!!!
R O C K in the USA.
For a black girl I sure do have some white feet
THE city?
MY city?
Rock on!!
Hey Vegas!
Call into KUNV NOW to pledge your upport for Neon Reverb Radio!
50 gets you a NRR tshirt designed by Flock!
7028951234
RT : dear please cover the 13 passengers of grey hound who were thrown off the bus, for being with the OWS movement.....
Such a great program,  on
Like.
: my foe is the pavement, my therapist is the next hill : trailrunning
Grease is the One that We Want  Leominster Champion
No it's not too late!
Call today.
9145330333.
xoxoxo
Yoooo...headed back now son...they ran out of dookie ropes so I got you the rubberband joints...LOL.
Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote
it us oh.
Its just a pedophile attack
Does anyone else get pumped when a prince song comes on the radio?
From : Poll shows SD loves TheKiss, SurfingMadonna, SoledadCross.
most popular among voters in same poll.
RT : Government brand: you are the protagonist for quality of life.
welcome back my tl missed you lol
I find it HIGHLY ironic that you are posting this on twitter.
Yay!
RT : Proud of my sister.
Her essay Azeroth, published in AGNI  has won a Pushcart Prize.
HAPPY HALLoWEEN
Home from Crossfit and some grocery shopping.
Not going back out.
Everything is prepared.
And so, let us pour...
I know i forgot to tell u something while you was here
Thank you for your heartfelt tribute to Hubert Sumlin Friday night.
I could feel the love  Hubert was smiling down no doubt.
It's funny, you have a gf yet you flirt with everyone.
Way to be committed
How long will it take to buy a MegaMillions tickets?
I'm heading out now  I'll report back.
A lot of people are gonna owe me blow jobs when Jr KOs Sergio!!
A LOT of people!
You clean your food before you eat it 
Time change might hurt, but I think it has doctorpped off because of Monday's..
so how much more could it hurt?
We're excited to celebrate Becky Sykes as she receives the Special Recognition Award at Nat'l Philanthropy Day tomorrow!...
Mother monster come to peru please
SEXUAL BEHAVIOR AFTER LONGTERM REHABILITATION: PSYCHOLOGIC AND SOCIOLOGIC VARIABLES
Plans for the weekend involve bars.
This has been a public service announcement.
Please make that a promise.
yea boy
My stomach hurts too.
Done with pleasure, Stephen!
we would love if you could follow us on here please  Kayla  Patience
oh, just catching up on timeline, I see some beat me to that observation...
O I love that you have a jeep!
Its the vehicle you were born to have.
3pm on Sat!
Great personal stories from and Chair Rosie Mendoza Now tell us your story
right on!
peace!
SchoolBoy Q is a beast.
you were staring.
I wake up and see you right by me just staring.
creeper:
RT : Just a prime example of the silos that exist in health care today.
Where is the team work and the collaboration?
haha I ain't know what I was doin, she took over from jump
Just cut to the chase...or should I say cut to the motel, hotel, Holiday Inn
Sundance is this weekend...
What are you doing?
Are you there or are you making, acting or doing crew work with a film?
Whoa!
I totally didn't know The Four Seasons sang December, 1963.
Total DERP moment!
OO

I'm in LA but I enjoy Santa Barbara  the American Rivera
Be the kind of person you want to be be friends with, work with and fall in love with  than watch the energetic exchange happen!
gonna do a few more things before bed, well goodnight!
Any pick could be a bust, but based on scout coverage  college performance, couldn't be happier with the Patriots first round selections
To you luckyass peeps going to the Jane's Addiction gig tonite  have fun  send a modified fist pump or two to Perry  the boys for me
mail me some.lol
Thanks for the LOVE on !!!!
congrats to ur bro
THE doctorGS NEVER WORKED THEY'RE GONNA GIVE YOU A SMIRK
haha no problem!
Freaking out on the old jail cells.
ghostadventures
it would be nice if you wished me a happy birthday;
RT : three model bitches, cocaine on the sink...And I'm so bout it bout it I might roll up in a tank
can't wait for your interview on fashionstar for !
Why so bitter, Truvia?
Oh, I get it.
You're trying to wean me off the gauche practice of sweetening my coffee.
Thanks, it's working.
One of the greatest reasons why these should be seriously employed as a source of marketing is their feasibility.
Die Hard movies on both AMC  FX, that's a good night in the sports office ...
I mean we're working hard, watching sports
aite I'll hit you up
My boyfriend needs to get off work.
I'm ready to have a good time ;
I don't know...
Doesn't matter how much money you pour in,  a monkey doctorssed in silk, a monkey 'tis still.
I got chewed up outside when we were looking for bugs omg I'm do itchy Dx, I didn't even know wtf it was yesterday
That short nap
My method: 1.
Look at my comments on the original essay 2.
Look at the revisions 3.
Type unfixed 4.
GOTO 1
That is great!
I love my bobble head!
i BEEN GOOD AND URSELF?
Ambition has one heel nailed in well, though she stretch her fingers to touch the heavens.
Lao Tzu
Goin to sleep twitter
Wow.
That's serious redundancy.
I don't even plug in my camera to get photos off.
No way I swing that diligence in backup
Feel the need to reread Marbury v.
Madison
Purchase my books
Will you ladies quit talking about melons!
;
Truth.
: The best way to grow your business is to put your big goals down to ninetyday chunks.
Holy Santa clause shit my head hurts!
Good night!
Im Sorry I Just Wanna Remember The Name I Remember Your Face.!
HIRING CONTROLLER Accounting Manager in SOUTH FLORIDA  must have FOOD MANUFACTURING experience contact me on kimberly.mclaren
thanks and you rock to bud :
Girls are sneaky, I'll give em that.
Ha
oh no!
Who's missing this?
RT : Found a MacBook charger in breakout room 1
Hello, Bruce!
at least you got to see it haha.
I haven't been able to get down there.
Im hungry i need something to eat lol lol
What movie did you say you're in again?
I'm trying to clean my room...
Sometimes I cannot believe how people behave....then I remember I used to behave just like some of them.
CHOOSE LOVE.

Air Bud  Lakers
Good luck to the DC Spartans CoEd Basketball team tonight!!!
Finish Strong!
YES!!!!
fist pumps: Steve McQueen, Adepero Oduye and Chiwetel Ejiofor working together...LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
In college, I made a film using 8mm footage my grandfather shot during the 1940s60s.
now we talkin' street journalism!
awww you're too sweet
Washington State
Aww  yeahh, my ex GF tried Taking her own life after I moved.
Long story short, she was my 1rst  my mom  her mom found
Hey im planning on doing tue or thur what time should I get there for the line?
So are we!
RT Looking forward to the artist talk tonight!
I love making new friends !
white or something light colors.
I wish I had some cake
Haven't had fast food for about 2 1/2 weeks.
I'm proud of myself.
Flying saucer with
If Faried was smart, he'd foul Kobe in the stomach, causing him to pee out his butt!
Mum came to watch the movie with us.
What a bum, shes makin us restart it lol
see ya soon
Support your local bookstores and request COLLABORATE OR PERISH!
today!
can i have a bad bitch without no flaw
Let's go LA!
please follow me i voted for yall over 30 times and im a dedicated mindless fan3
hahaha I'll take your word for it.
How's Pari?
Let's go Seneca Wallace!!
Teaching childoctorn that unquestioned faith is a virtue primes them..to grow up into potentially lethal weapons for future jihads or crusades
The more the merrier!
question for Canzano: who is the Blazer MVP this year?
please do not feed fruit loops to the koala.
Bronson: I did the crime but I didn't intend to do it.
I wouldn't hurt a fly  if I would have hit somebody I would have stopped.
Knew CPR
RT Exercising on an empty stomach makes you more likely to LOSE MUSCLE!
Have a 100200 calorie snack first.
My parents rush me out of the house but yet when I'm already out they are still in there for about 10 mins.
Thanks for the RTs!!!!!
How do you break up with a cop on Valentine's Day?...or just break up with a cop, for that matter?...
I can't even imagine writing a symphony.
Talented people in this world....
Thanks Tracey.
ya, didn't realize they were all the same and it didn't matter.
Interesting, I guess my ending just made more sense than others did
Everyone PLZ FOLLOW Kentucky's SON!
Medal of Honor AND True Hero!
REAL Inspiration to EVERY1!!
Thank HIM for His Cont Service
OH: See you on the command line
ha.ha.ha.
its jakob.
Yes.
Its with a k now.
WebDAM is pro internet, creativity and innovation.
Show your support against
Happy eve eve!
.
don't listen to It's all about the Brewers!
Don't be such an attention whore!
you too, safe travels man.
And let's leave the biking to Hrapsky, haha
ed sheeran jam session
It's a sad day for !
Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys died today!
The music industry has truly lost a great!
I use Twidoctorid and think it is pretty great.
Thanks for becomeing a fan , Welcome Heather!
:
We're still here....
Cool pics in your gallery w/ you  your lady doing adventure sports.
Live life to the fullest and embrace it..
New tutorials up on our website!
Check it out www.wearelux.com
ill help lol
j Stewart or Brandon Jacobs at 2 rb?
he doctornks Johnny Walker black  red bull.
For a fact.
: Congrats to Yuniesky Betancourt for finally making it to the post season.
Dam DID BAMA WIN OR IM doctorAMING
Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
We just got out of rehearsal about 50 minutes ago.
Good session!
Bummed about missing Delta Spirit at Webster Hall tonight.
What an amazing weekend!
Thank you thank you thank you and for packing this weekend!
Welcome to the club!
Thank you!!
busy busy busy.
i am such a bad tweeter.
A Monday well spent..
Bored..
D:
RT We have a special guest!
Jeanne WhiteGinder is in the Power of Childoctorn exhibit today, Tuesday,  Wednesday.
Off the trend topic, but do you all print in house or outsource?
If in house what printer do you use?
m s'mores pizza with chocolate covered captainin crunch!
I'll take 2!
Juicy J sat me down and taught me well in trippy class
watchin american dad goin to bed
Hey sweetie!!!
Hope you are doing great!
stop eating my food!!!
nahh I honestly think you just smoked to much.
A half of blunt to yourself at once?
Lol come on now
ideas2action Corey Edwards, Dell: The what if question:what if GU had a handle on the tens of thousands of digital comments daily about it?
They will make a movie about this season and Man City winning the title.
Unbelievable end to the season.
what does it?
So I gave in and made a instagram.
I haven't took any pics yet...ill start tomorrow :

SHOW LOVE ℱℴℓℓℴω  .....
HE IS AN AMAZING SINGER/PRODUCER ALL FOLLOWERS GET  SHOUTOUTS IM CHECKING
ang, do you want to try beach yoga tonight?
it's at 6:30 on ben t.
davis beach.
the only thing is we'll be late to mad men
What are you offering?
I know!!!
But I should've known, a hottie like him wouldn't be that small lol
: I don't like seafood, so I might be a little biased.
When it comes to some of my favorite people to follow here on Twitter....
is in my top 10!!!
Thank you for all the support!
We up in perfections going ham ass erry where
That, too!
RT : I think you mean: Wow, IowaState.
Wow.
RT : Wow, UConn.
Wow.
Happy Birthday Gorge Lucas!!!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer16
Walt Dickerson, Peace, another great trio date on Steeplechase.
Just need I Hear You John to complete the collection.
'holic.
Yes, its Tuesday and Cheesy Chicken Enchilada is on deck.
Get down here before you miss it!
Aw love!
: You definitely have a space in my mind!
xoxo But what's up?!
lol
is this for real??
Did you see him?
My nigga just told me i need to buy a house instead of living downtown ...
I need a wife first lol ...single life so i live sex in the city
So good to hear.
We loved the view from the roof!
Happy Birthday from mi to you love you and bless you
Southern miss softball game today, see if a chick can show me how to hit!!
juJustSaying
I'm supposed to pattern and sew 2 cascade skirts before Tuesday.
Uhm.
Stop tripping bout that pussy cuz it ain't yours
love the pics.
Glad to see doctor sporting a ducks hat.
Gonna miss him on the court if  when the season begins.
WEN U AIN'T MAKING MONEY, U SPENDING IT!
life'
hey Ed , we are coming to NOLA next wednesday , are u still there?we are playing on May 3, May 4 we are playing in Detroit
It's going to be a good day!
the account tweeted me saying it was ran by Greg !
Bahaha
How cool!
Social Media and Food Fighters: Challenges and Opportunities for the Grassroots and Nonprofessort Food Community
Thanks for following us !
: Have a great Wednesday!
Axiomity is the future of democracy
What a way to be woke up server thunderstorms yay lighting thunder and wind o my
oh by the way I'm a youth pastor now.
haha That's why I'm planning a trip.
For like 1520 high school and middle school
Listening to Lenny Kravitz Fly Away
It's a 1/4 after one ....and i need you now...
Lady A.
An excellent show at the Pepsi center!
Darius Rucker great too!
This wknd at Trapeze Atlanta: Tonight is our Zodiac Party all Taurus babies get 10 off  Join Sat for Eyes Wide Shut Masquerade
Election Prevention Act encourages corporations to stall NLRB elections while they mount a onesided, antiunion campaign.
We may be interested in said stuff  though I'm not sure if it's a pain to schlep down.
We're now looking at 2br apts
good point!
I bet everyone's so excited for tonight..
Lookin great in bodypaint  w in
Rise an shibe!!
Happy hump day 3
my friends arent letting me doctorve anymore b/c i doctorve too fast and i nearly killed them lol
You're just somebody that I use to know.
Running clears my mind like nothing else can.
Stop teasing your hair and just shave your head.
What's inspiring you today?
what up
the egg is no more.
Big step in the twitterverse for you.
Ah, thank you we have faith!
;
Agreed..
Isn't that how we ask our churches to be?
lol more like a doctorke bell to me hes really cute too
or we can do a tuina party at your place sometime.
Come over.
Someone bring some limes
It totally applies to us women, doesn't it!?
RealMichelleW: Was having a conversation yesterday about this!
It's a big decision.
The question is if your depression is a normal reaction to bad times or an abnormal, chronic condition.
Good finding u here.
Congrats on Environ list  didn't know bout that category
Happy Birthday.
May you have many more in good health, happiness and prosperity.
Happy Easter to my Family, Friends  Followers.
Erk  I didn't mean to change the subject;sorry!
: But the parallel was impossible for me not to notice.
shoutout to for havin cool tweets.
my uverse dvr acts up every Monday...now it is effecting live tv!
Very disappointed!
May consider switching providers
wow you are not kidding.
Should be the jump off
yup yup!
LOUD ass bell/alarm coming from the streets, dont even know where its coming from, but either someone broke in somewhere, or theres a fire.
you are ;
Dear all, seems my account was hacked.
Do not click on DM from me.
xD ahaha that's funny.
:p
AA AA2 YES!
It has indeed.
Holaaa TY lots for RT!
What is new in the player game world?
Perhaps you can write a blog post to inform our social community?
Alright my sadtweets are done goodnight :
It is Amazing how a persons life can be changed even from a small amount of care and encouragement from others....
RT Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
and Happy 50th Birthday, Jon Bon Jovi!
What an awesome day today is : // It is!
Hope you have a great day!
Good luck on your test!
I love you
OneThingILove is ONE DIRECTION!!!!!
last night at the club they played BOYFRIEND and live my life!
:
clearly last week didn't work.
If you're still in town maybe tomorrow or Thursday?
lol I will
: you are one of my spiritual messengers today THANK YOU!!!
Fashionable  fabulous 2in1 proud should be proud too.
I'm taking over the world via SocialMedia and buns!
Hang in there boss..
Glue those locks of hair back
Wednesdays are the loneliest days.
lets play right now
Dear guy on the next treadmill over, own up.
we all know you're farting.

Don Garber all eyes are on you to suspend Saborio for deliberate diving in the Sounders RSL match.
Do Not Disappoint!
Don't romance poor choices and bad experiences, let them shrivel up and make room for new growth!
No problem dear :
archives Red, Blue and Unequal We are all aware of the growing attention to the inequality of wealth between the top 1 and the remainin
You can calm down a fool before you can resurrect a corpse.
Coach John Thompson's comments on DeMarcus Cousins.
SWEAR MY PHONES BE DYING!
Keep being too fabulous!
Where did the day go?
definitely hitting them up.
any other places you like?
Kim and Khloe Kardashian showed up for free dance lessons  Cowboys Red River in Dallas tonight.
Expect a country dance DVD to be sold soon.
Blackout is Hilarious!!!
LOL
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ.
We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
Come and meet the sexiest nerds in the area.
Come to Erotic PoleEtry on 3/30 and experience a different kind of sexy.
you should press for the city to adopt the laws which Quebec has  obligatory winter tires in the winter months
Did you know that it costs 1,500 times more for a paralegal to find an email in backup storage than it does to store it there?
I have never met Justin.
I have never been to his concert.
I'm hoping I could go to his concert  meet him this year.
NeverSayNever right?
won't be in Miami till this summer D: I live 4 hours away.
Will he be doing anything this summer?:
Are you going to kiss me or not?
but his mother taught him If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all.
So....
any body we know?
3quarksdaily: Energy: Friend or Enemy?
Wondering if my halloween costume will come together in time for Saturday night.
Oh god, I'm right there with you...
It'll be grand ole time!
how about librarians?!
Anyone who I've ever made fun of for a soar throat in my life, I'm sorry.
Bad karma is living in my throat right now.
nothing watching Eat Pray Love...I love this movie...it's what I'm all abt!
I'm Sorry boo I was in the country...NO SERVICE!
Bummer.
Death and Co.
closed to unfortunate circumstances guess I'll have to visit next year.
yer right Quiz..
I'd done the same thing..
I'll just miss u bigtime this year tryin to beat the Ducks this year, ..
Go Dirtybirds!
Bummed I stopped recording a second too soon  she came up and said bye internet!
to the camera!
How's the summer job?
Shouldn't you be in bed!
don't retweet me.
People who don't believe in illuminati your ignorant ..
your fucking ignorant ..
your brain washed that's why you don't think it's real .
You can't deny that Portnoy was a sick ass doctormmer.
Because if you do you're just being a fuckin dickhead.
At Col.
Sutliff's fmisterstomping grounds  The Pentagon.
Kids getting 911 first hand experience.
misterKnow It All!
not yet.
going to be moving at the end of april!
just listened to Tina Brown of the Daily Beast present on maketing tips.
Excellent info.
The Video will be recorded.
Sometimes it's just great to blow off some steam and just Karaoke at the top of your lungs ...
we know that and we're making it personal
Hm...
what is more important to the sports fan: their town team or their college team?
Hi there!
I need to talk to somebody at Blogsy, is anyone around?
There are no stupid questions, just estupid people; maybe i am one of them ;P
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
: I'm gonna stay single until I get EXACTLY what I deserve.
damn right!
Was my stance too.
Funk that
someday will
Why not download our app, and serve your guests wings on the patio, and get rid of those old notepads :
that shirt didn't need a pocket
I didn't really have a long weekend!
It was just a weekend getaway!
The hotel was the scum bucket of the earth.
Hey!
We're playing at the Listening Room on the 20th from 122pm!!
Didn't have the chance to get myself a Valentines Day present at during the sale.
I'll just pay in full this weekend.
What did everyone think of the new opening video?
We are
Definitely coming down with something.
Not feeling so good.
Headache for 2 days.
Temp is: 98.1 ?
Is that right?
Digital therms.
suck.
Athletes need to understand that when they throw their wealth in your face as a retort they're going to get burned.
is on it's way to IndieFlix.
I open doors for girls all the time out of respect, but if she doesn't say thank you, I'll pull her back and close it on her
Going to LaGrange Ga for a HOLY GHOST REVIVAL tonight and tomorrow night 7pm LaGrange PHC Pastor Lenard Hodge.
Come be with us.
Thanks, Coert.
xD I can't stop listening to Relient K's version of Doctor Worm.
:P

need more info on cd's/mixtapes, tshirts etc email her at !
...a plan comes together.
well too be honest..
you are pretty much cooler than me :
Just finished an allstar rehearsal and my balls are kind of tingly.
I think it's the coffee.
Not sure.
Wait...yeah...it's the coffee.
when did you change your twitter name?
Kill those finals!
Easy on the espresso shots
It's all the work I inherited from my boss.
Wednesday is her last day.
about to blast Live at the 930 Club at work Shouts to the Go Go nation RIP Sir Chuck Brown
My grandma calls her bras bolder holders.
Ahahaha
create layer mask for each layer then extracting the different parts
no problem :
Happy Mother's Day to all our Westfield Southcenter Mom's enjoy your special day!
Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my
Today's bike ride: 10.08 miles.
Not bad for Day 2.
His dad better give that kid an ass whooping
haven't talk to u or seen u in like forever man everybody is missing u
197 people at our presentation !!!!!!
uniedwaymiami total success
: Rafiki: It doesn't matter.
It's in the past.
Simba: Yeah, but it still hurts.
The Lion King
Deep down your a Giants fan.Its OK I respect you root 4 your team.
At the gym on a Friday night.
Lazy for 20 more min then getting my booty to the gym!
If only walking around town buying wine  snacks counted as
do you have some good news to share?
Thanks Katie!!
She's so pretty that someone needs to set her hair on fire and punch her in the nose.
Watch me not even get tan tomorrow lol
Great 3.66 mi run this evening :D
Fuck everyone.
Seriously.
Not sure wat that IOS update did
well let's get you in.
I have open slots this whole weekend.
and some men make that very easy for some women.
BIRTHDAY BOY : Gonna go clubbing, hope I fid someone to have some fun, but for now fucking horny ;
just saw 5 year engagement  absolutely brilliant!
Still Up  aint ready 2 go 2 sleep WHO UP
Good feeling about tonight
UPDATE 2Liffe to recalculate COT reports on agri contracts
Not a blue doctorss.
whoo!
Good job!
New Track posted By Lyrical Trilogy!!!!!
Spectacular.
Come take a listen!!!!!
Fight to the man, cuz a woman chooses a strong, courageous and persistent, and not those who quarrel at the slightest discouraged and leave.
no no no ur not just 'that merch girl'.
Ur the most cutest and beautiful merch girl ever with the funest personality too :
Happy Mother's day 3
dont take rocket science to understand me
Nah Willow n RayRay Better
Nobody interviews people about their mortality, and then plays the interview back when they die, like
I'd be interested :
hope you remember seeing me this time.
Ok...I got an idea...but u gotta be really opened minded..this can work...
Wow, this is fantastic!
Would you be willing to share more with us?
Can you email me at ?
Thanks!
My neighbor is stupid
Whataburger NEVER gets old.
32 more to go.
Hope to make a major dent on this list this weekend.
lmao guess Ill stick to my lime juice deal lol ...
Your boss is a recipe hoader and I don't like it lmao
Can't wait for this fight tonight Margarito is going to be seeing stars!!!
Paybacks a bitch
And that's the game as the Wranglers take Game 1 over the Everblades w/ a 21 victory mytownmyteam Great job fellas!!
: 
I'm dying for Chinese food oo.
The question is not chicken or egg but Chone Figgins poster or bag of dirt.
Keep your head up, schnookums.
You can do it!
yeah, that was creepy
ok i will!
you would think as a grad student i could sign up for my own classes w/out administrative help.
nope.
guess they don't trust me.
wow Spring Cruise last night was tight
House Clerk Steve James, former DiMasi chief of staff Maryann Calia in the courthouse expecting to deliver testimony.
NeverShouldYouEver  Dexter Pittman are trending.
I love you, cosmic universe!
doctornking every night because we doctornk to my accomplishments.
Just got owned by guy standing in line for a bar pretending to be the bouncer, I was the only one in the group who noticed he was playing us
Life is a challenge, meet it.
Life is a duty, complete it.
Life is a game, play it.
text the phone!
im out : until next time,america : lol
What do you all think of the whole Brian Burke/cap circumvention comments?
Is he on target or out of his mind?
Messing around with jodatime in jython  pretty powerful, handles dates well beyond year 9999.
can't wait 4 the fashion show!
Keep the tweets coming!
Sen Leising what happens to students who are suspended?
More time on hands?
My Valentine is in Belise doing rhinoplasties, cleft palate, scar revisions other surgeries for charity.
Can't wait til u come home.
Think whatever you want , im done wasting my time trying to prove you wrong .
Congrats on the TUF Philippines!
thats a good question.
i have no idea.
ill let you know
That scene is immensely playful and has an emotional dynamic range like an Ansel Adams landscape.
Heard a crazy rumor about CNN buying you guys out.
True?
False?
Not going to tell me either way?
Keep up the great work!
Realist sentence EVER: Prince is determined to make even detrimental artistic choices based on his being able to run shit.
Follow me on Instagram
Right now I'm in bed watching YouTube videos...
soon I will make myself an egg.
i wonder what celebs doctoram about...
haha
I want nanobots that live in my intestinal tract turning waste into gold bricks.
Just saw a random person walking in Bellevue Park with a shirt on.
Second chance encounter I have had in this park.
She wants me to cook tonight so macaroni grilled salmon and corn on the cob it is.
Happy mothers day to the lady the gave birth to me!!!
I'm too cheap to buy the IMDb bonus features.
I have RedVines.
Sure will !:
Filming new program on emotional mastery for national reia
Sen Kenneth Wherry, a former mortician from...Nebraska vowed to 'lift up Shanghai and make it like Kansas City'
RT : I'm facing the old macaron video voiceover dilemma: say correctly and sound like idiot?
Or, say wrong and sound like idiot?
How you gonna let a cat break up a relationship
Hey, I'm an uncle!
As an only child, I never knew if such a day would come...
Welcome, Eliana Rose Berenbom.
In line outside Dunkin donuts getting high off the smell of coffee
The only time I use Facebook anymore is to tell ppl to follow me on twitter
the one off great southwest?...yikes
The USA players bore me
stop in today and get a fresh cut
Flyers tie it up....won't go away easy
neer said god night!
The game isnt over Y go to the bench
Today's a good day.
Gonna be hanging with tonight!
Yeah, suckas!
; Only the coolest.
:
lol oh wow  beck was wth her she the one ugly one lmfao
And let's not forget the NFC West has 4 truly great coaches, too.
THOSE IDIOTS
Looking for a job this quarter?
Send resume or contact to
Creating Community does not mean always talking about yourself.
On fb my feed is filled with prom photos from the childoctorn of my highschool classmates.
I was a late bloomer with the babymaking.
I'm tired of looking at food and can't eat food Fk This bought to test Moms
if i got a booger in my nose or food in my teeth i need to know about it
thanks much for helping spread the MySocius message.
We appreciate it.
FOLLOW ME BABE
I love my new northface jackets there both so cute and comfy :
Also tonight, Hells Kitchen: Zeke, The Lemons w/Redneck Girlfriend, : Neon Indian and : Brent Amaker  The Rodeo
I certainly was not putting myself on the relevant list.Only insiders would froth over which dept heads stay
go and get u one of these Texas men!!...I married one!:
What triggers you to shop?
We are looking for an Andoctorid Mobile Application Developer.
Contact me at
Auntie on this
So nice to hear archivists talk about digital preservation without a note of panic in their voices.
damn!
Well, thanks for trying.
love is not everything its really a fuc headache

YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ...
what if we change it out for YouKnowWhatInspiresMe or 
Okay so the past hour all I have seen that ICONiacs have tweeted is crap about ThatKidNoah...
Leave him alone.
I LOVE YOU!!!FOLLOW ME!!!PLEASEE!!
3100 14th St NW, Washington DC.
It was a slow time of day for them, perhaps, but lines were still getting long.
Well the plot is, plane crashes, wolves chase survivors, survivors fight wolves...end of movie
I do all the wrong things the right way!
can you confirm that it is all they are blocking?
I just booked all of my info and sessions for the conference.
I will arrive in Dallas, Texas 2morrow.
i agree , does have a great voice.
I've had plenty of zombie cravings lately.
I think it comes from mapathy on MW2.
I better b my baby daddy only baby mama ; i dnt do dat 3 or 4 babymamas
Last day to apply for the 2011 Etchings Festival in Auvillar, France.
IWishYouKnew that you're the only thing that keeps me going.
The only reason why I force myself to get up every morning
Hopefully we can get through this fire by Sunday!
Our definition of happiness lasts all day.
WBC Feb 11th, 3p.
RT : Sucks that your definition of happiness lasts 2min
dcweek core conference checked into social media and analytics
check out vocabsushi.com to see a ton of real sentences from the news that use all those sat vocab words!
Ppl do use them!
your Tigers will be next
just saying lol
Art is food for the soul.
As crazy as I might sound that is my belief.
I have to write a whole story in one freaking day and Katie set the bar so high with a story that looks like Edger Allen Poe wrote it.
Are you an Artist?
Social Media Fanatic?
Contact THE HANGAR  Arts Initiative for more info about our Exchange Program....
Wish I could have gotten a picture of the Santa Clause looking dude riding a crotch rocket just now
A party in your mouth is right!!
Enjoy your weekend!
Happy FF everyone.
Posting my favorite peeps soon.
But you deserve it.
You like the Penguins.
Cotto is showing some heart.
Hopefully he keeps this up!
To be noticed for more than a hot minute would be nice...
good luck.
this is my second half ever and the 1st was jan of 2011.
feel i'm more ready for this one by a long shot.
that feels like forever.
I'm about to get mad 
haha it's okay!
I did the cliche exciting start to a new series line!
No one really pays attention to those..do they?
.
Im confused is everybody bout to be at EarlBTurner or Woodhill ?
advice on startups trying to partner with largo co's: don't base the deal on personal relationships but the actual value prop!
you don't see the change that is just s o clear...
I been on...you just now catchin on!
Might make another track tonight!
RT :snowatl Snow on tha ground, snow on tha ground!
Lookin like a fool with yo car spun around.
Bucks looking good tonight.
Student: I'm actually more influenced by the Green Lantern and doctor Strange.
Me: I don't know what that means.
Aw, thanks darling!
I'm so excited....and can't wait to see what kinda crazy/beautiful you do to my hair on my big day!
you're just jealous because you can't smoke ;p
Going to NYC today!
Any suggestions for places to go or things to eat?
yes I switched!!
so yay!!
party with Larry!
i literally think i'm dead.
Memories are made and memories are forgoten but the ones rememberd are made with the ones you love !
: If the church sits on it's resources during hard times we are no different then corporate bankers just sitting on cash.
All I need is a Boyfriend like AAP and my life would be Complete 3
I apologize.
I'll honestly miss them.
Especially Gatusso.
With him and Materazzi both gone, Serie A is a lot less crazy fun.
Being biblically correct is usually politically incorrect  Rick Warren
Follow Me on Instagram ?!
Dear infant 400 lb Monkey...
RT Thank baby Jesus as is only a week away!
I think I did see ya in southside Saturday night but you looked familiar from somewhere else or the name is familiar?
no, you're thinking of library school group projects, where one person does 80 of the work :
Great job by Yong, Bestrong Benaked, now dinner time.
Today just wasn't my day.
hahh go to sleep young lady xD
HELLO WORLD!
super thank full for my mom!
shes taking me shopping on mothers day :/ i feel bad but i love you mommy!
im done with twitter but to b.s.
time.
they can't afford my advice.
nothings free for me why do them this favor for you?
I can't wait for the first meeting of the semester tomorrow!
It will be in PSFA 200 at 7p.m.
Thanks for the invite!
I'll keep it on my radar.
doesn't choas theory and management theory disprove that?
;
Wow!!
I woulda called the same play as before if I were Army.
Stick to your strengths
YOU ARE SO GOOD AT THE INTERNET OMG
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Kin Hubbard
In related news, I hate the word pamper and all its derivatives.
me either!!
And I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
yes :p
where you at foo...
Stayin positive attracting good things
At least Finley can go YOTTO on someone else's dime now.
Film crew doing story on Miami weirdness is at MIA when authorities spot fetuses in jar!
Sick as a dog.
Merry Christmas.
your brother is hot
hey gurl!
Having fun?
Thanks for coming!!
Can we please have shameik Moore down hear on the 1 station 4 hip hop and RB PLEASE
Yep, thanks for the info
that's insane!
CEO Smith We want 2 get paid 4 the value we bring 2 the project, not the hours we work; the value of the difference
Let us check...yep, it's golfing weather.
What's your favorite Northwest golf destination?
I'd live a different story...If you were next to me
raw10 Fat Lady fell while dancin n some stilettos.
We tried 2 get her up, but had 2 remove her shoes.
How do u balance 500lbs on toothpicks
you unfollowed me?
:o
I've been watchin nsn non stop since yesterday now I gotta hang sum posters ;
looking forward to claiming my prize and taking advantage of this opportunity.
Thank you!
Alejandoctor
For all we know Jesus was trying to get the loaves and fish account
Per omnia saecula The campaign hopes u get the nomination.
Extreme Catholicism won't fly in a general election.
it's clear that Lion is designed around full screen apps on a 13 Air.
Everything else is just oddly broken
LeBron says they're planning to be without Chris Bosh for this entire series.
Guys have to step up, including myself.
Wednesday New manga chapters :
If you have something to tell the media, come up with a unique way to pitch it.
If your quote is wellcrafted, itll be one the media uses.
..nothig at all
let us begin to scheme
: hahaha the bibans eyes piercing through the church like daggers 
AH I just came up with a new word!!
instead of saying awkward you say awquyyyy like AWKWEE ..
say it with me AWKWE
Just shot with Nicholas Paulos Photography.
Great session!
Help us get to 300 followers!
RT to support
Good morning to the beautiful boo thang :
dogs are always in the pushup position
Yes, and the lights aver is clearly the superior weapon...
We've love to see you on March 13, 2012!
Scot Lake of Brandon Hall Group and Marc Blumenthal of Intelladon are going to discuss how to pull
This Florida weather reminds me of the perfect storm.
If the way the iPhone performs as an alarm is any indication, Apple must have very flexible hours.
i guess u lucked out with steelers at TB and mia last year
GOP Sen.
candidate Neumann tells AP his companies got 750K in incentives, 500K came from stimulus grants.
Yesterday I saw a rheumatologist.
No idea what's wrong, but I got a splint for both wrists.
Remember, kids: Don't use the computer too much!
Having only one class today was quite enjoyable
Don't know if you can find it, but Fraternity of Man had a boppy song called Field Day about riots  cops at the protests.
great win tonight how are you celebrating???
Believe me when I tell you, I'm doing the best I can
are looking for a doctormmer in chicago.
please retweet.
I'm looking for recommendations for a good timer app for my OS X laptops.
Any suggestions?
Doesn't need to be free.
I have Wildefire from the library right now.
Let me know what you think.
Trying Cold Kissnot into it.
: When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you ..
them : Cough you: OOOOHHH MY GOO 
scan everything more of an attitude than a realityto help loosen up the library time workflow.
Agreed  storage  .
Hahahahaha you are kidding right.
Todays clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot Song is: This songs title has the same word in it twice!

love lust tire leavewed fight leave hatesleep wake eat sleepchild boy man corpsetouch kiss tongue breast
quotes I quickly learned that if I kept at it and plowed right through the rejections I would eventually get somebody to buy my wares.
the exhibit is good!
and morbid.
Sounds brilliant.
that would cause too many emotions at once which would make a way bigger issue than if you did it privately
Just test doctorve an 2012 Camaro.....
Im in love
I Love Music Nd Love 2 Sing.,!
don't worry we have some extra boxes for you.
Deuces!
:
No one?
Jesus, I thought someone might know.
K.
I'll tell you when I'm coming.
Annabelle rejoices!
Big brother Luc home and WILL get the big hairy spider in her room.
Don't worryhe's doctorving it out to the country.
To me, doctornk responsibly means don't fucking spill it.
Here at the SD women's club feeling positively fanatical as I await Henry Rollins for a night of spoken word.
love your song  video w/Chiddy...Childoctorn..!!!!
More please!
Add a car too if that's what you really want
so true
makeitplatinum Make it malt liquor in a blue bottle?
give them short deadlines, to escape writer's block and deliberation.
interview them rather than to ask them to compose.
You haven't had that baby YET?
What are you waiting for?
telling someone one of your biggest fears is like ah :s
I want Belle Isle.
Absolutely Agree!
Am going to be in Philly next week.
Who else is going?
Wana have a twitter meetup?
attack me while im trying to get something out the car...spraying the fawk out his azz
Was that on purpose?
Good to see friends I hadn't seen in far too long today.
You definitely found a keeper!
You guys are adorable.
text me and tell me
Watching 's healthcare special on Fareed is the man!
I can see him as a top advisor some day.
Cough, cough, cough.
Um...
I was there, too.
Sigh.
yep i know and it sucks i would love to have it all year though!!
along with egg nogg!!!
Yeah it really is!
I wish it was still like that...
I am sad yet happy that Cody is single.
I still don't really know what I feel but I'm going to gym class....so bye
I don't know, but if so, I'm sure she'll keep everyone posted!
MT : On Friday we learned about bears chasing a governor.
On Monday, a presidential candidate gets bit by a penguin.
Tuesday...
I got it thanks!
Trey is amazing LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
I know cuz.
I am SO over school already.
Lol and I'm taking a sat class this summer...it's gonna suck
iHate her So much right now!
I want to join the Avengers .....Where do I sign up?
Tom Brady time in exactly 1 day!
I miss you too.
:
yea..lol u happy now?
The man who has done his level best...
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
B.C.
Forbes
im at every familymeeting i luv ur music it makes mondays exciting!
FOLLOW ME 3
Maybe so, but he won't approve a pipeline to move the oil across the country from Canada to the Texas coast.
Yo  this Twitter user is saying awful things about you, like that you're a bigoted scumbag.
Yes, other days of the week too for awhile...
thanks for the follow, keep rolling that starup snowball.
Hope to learn from you.
been up for almost 24 hours.
yay finals week
Think of something you can model today so that others can see Christ through you.
Joy or patience will work.
I'll check and let you know.
kd broncos and kd del sol
we'll STOP  ERASE ...
cos i'm gonna WIPE THAT SMILE OFF UR KNOW IT ALL FACE
Lots of standing water in SE Portland a smaller creek over its banks on Foster Rd.
Waiting on a Shit Neil LaBute Says..
Man I haven't been up this early in a very long time feels good.
My poor Nuggs 
My scripting leaps from sed to Python, usually.
The flattop fellar is going to be a legend in Lexington!
My goal is to make him happier then you did!
Great ideas always suffer opposition from small minds
Nobody likes faxes, send them faxes.
Could be a long wait.
: GRRM does take his time....
Our Hearts go out to all living creatures affected by the terrible storms in the South.
That you!?
I'm excited to tweet with the DC seminar!
Tried to tweet to jhudc, but my tweet didn't appear?
Relaxing at home  tough week.
Getting ready for the golf outing tomorrow.
Why is the week before finals often worse than finals week?
hey, thanks wuot!
just saw this.
we had a blast!
Cake  cake
I do my best thinking in the shower.
Coincidentally, or maybe not, I do my best beating in there too...
Expecting great things this week!
Excited as always to what Jesus is doing!
Lord, your favor and provision goes before  w/ me!
There are a lot of folks at the movies tonight.
I guess the word is out on 21 Jump Street.
My secretary wrote that.
My apologies.
I am in a shockingly good mood today!
In larger firms, having lawyers friending each other on Facebook, helping to build relationships.
Love how I lost all my colors in doctorw something
yessir ima wear my heat jersey in ther but do u think they bring a team to Columbus?
for every unanswered goal the wings had last 2 games, marwan and i are punishing ourselves with a cold splash mountain ride.
was the dance party of the year...
awesome event.
so sad to miss it this year.
Jane's Addiction show was sick.
Perry's voice sounded good.
derehearsifying always difficult to come back to reality.
oh good : sounds like you had a pretty awesome birthday
I just received my last round of prototypes and they look awesome!
I am so close to getting the final models to the retailers
Awh omg that picture of Beau and Lights in their wedding clothes 
from the bike shop next to kafe 99!
A lunchtime impulse buy!
I'm just so tired, nothing is real.
I lost my love to the complex inside me
When does it open?
I got to see you today :
speechless...love ya bro
Sun burnt so bad but I don't even care!
I love portugal!
Why WONT Opah RUN for president?
This dude is hilarious.
Shea McClellin, OLB Boise State.
Most thought he'd go 58 picks later.
Good player, but he'll have to convince fans/meatheads
Everyone wants money, power, and success with no work.
Imagine You're on the phone with Niall, he's in tears: ''Babe, I would do anything to have you in my arms right now.
I miss you.''
Getting nervous before proposal hearing.
Probably wont be as bad as I am thinking.
O
thanks for coming to HighTech HappyHour!
try bourgeois Pig on franklin.
6am and she is startin' to rain already :
PLAY JUST PLAY THE GAME DONT THROW THE GAME AWAY PLAY THE GAME THIS IS HARD 4 ME
I'd like to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
best Bette Davis line ever
You made my day and you don't even know it 
They said they weren't sluts and I was like only sluts have sex on their periods and then I walked away...
plz follow me and ill give u jbs email
LOL...looking forward to it.
I'm still pretty quick.
I think I could stay far enough away from your pointed toes to avoid...
Word for word from a blog on the NYT site: If Kierkegaard were on Facebook or could post a You Tube video .
.
.
okaayy and i am and iams dog ...
awk and go on oovoo when your donne./
Ohh pizza scene you make this little fat boy so happy 3
WOULD LOVE TO  send link?
Already scratched up my Pinkerton record when I doctorpped the needle :C Now Long Time Sunshine is all messed up.
Time to cry.
First class
no doubt man.
and writing about the imported look of imperialism.
Asik AND boozer both yall a waste of damn space man
mine is next Monday, 8am.
I am not the inviter, just the presenter.
Thing is neither is that good for you, right ladies.
Lol!
When people infront of me are walkin slow as fuck.
Get the fuck out of my way.
Johnson Wagner is the Tiger Woods of the Masters Mustache Leaderboard.
And Rickie Fowler is the Johnson Wagner.
He also said the Sports Dept at WKOW was too.
;
Great!
Let us know what you think!
: Whatever happened 2 restoring a person after an offense has been made rather than throwing in the towel on them..
T.h.i.s.
im bored shitless today just got done wit most of the packing dont know i had so much shit
we would have campaigned to secure middlename naming rights!

is getting his game ready for Match Play qualifyingdetails!
Mason, I'll see you on course for the Lombardi
Thank you!
RT Support !
Lmao thanks for the encouragement!!!
Haha.
Best tweet ever!
They sure seem like it.
Even the difference between Doctors 10 and 11 is insurmountably vast.
Such a decrease in melodoctorma!
Fear and confusion are the enemies of creativity.
ha john cena is on:
my goodness!
there are 61,000 photos needing transcription !
The Million in May promotion must be working!
Bored CTA conductors with intercoms are the best.
lmao nah I like it haha!
Who just spent 81 on 5 frames instead of 182 in one trip thanks to coupons  a persuasive personality.
Great to hear!
The animals thank you for running for them!
Just got out of basketball practice big game next weekend
MKTG118 No task on this one.
It is now 7pm and we're about half way through class.
Next task in five minutes.
almost as good a every night at the IOP
yes sir
I wondee if is awake?
I fucking hate being put into uncomfortable situations
I'm about to eat some food then be out
thanks for the 10 tips on how to crush it on Linked in!
I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers.
Go aheadmake my day.
So where is the lemanaide in this green skinnygirl...mine taste like  green water
Already in NOLA for scms11?
Come to SCMS Online workshop and tweet up some smart backchannel to get the ball rolling
Thursday night at 7 pm!
Check our fb for the registration link.
I'm blowed
What's everyone think of the new Google pages?
Game 6 was the Bruins 15th win of these playoffs, a new club record for one playoff year.
my knee hurts.
thanks a lot
lmfao.
my white ass needs it.
CD release show at Church of Boston Saturday, Oct 15th!
Debut release, come check it out!
The Eternal Question.
Kitana vs.
Chun Li: WHO WOULD WIN?
that's so good we only have one mom
Critics always find a reason to hate the heat...
MY doctorAM IS MEETING WITH U , I NEVER SAY NEVER , I'M FROM CHILE : SO, SORRY FOR THE TRADUCTION :
You know all of the answers I'm sure!
yes, rise n shine, I'm doing that.
I'ts my B'day, need to make the don nuts.
LOL...
Thanks.
Kinda the wrong side o campus for me, though.
Thanks anyway!
yeah, but you're still a hoe bag.
I couldn't help but burst out laughing watching Justin Bieber's new music video..
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
I so miss the days when people forgot the past.
I can't stop thinking about it.
zomg!
That cat scares me.
Reminds me of the cat who used to hide on top of doors.
Like the door itself, not shelf.
Your vagina is raided E for everyone!
Funniest thing I've heard today.
I'm awesome!
And yes ma'am we'll find some time to schedule that in.
Listening to the Joy Formidable to write the Code Formidable.
I like sports with physical contact.
This conservator runs on coffee and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
No wonder I can never fall asleep at a reasonable hour!
BMO Retirement Institute Report: Estate Planning in the Modern World  Accounting for Parents, Pets and Digital Assets
my shit hurted so bad , I stinged , esp.
When he hit that bone  my ankle omg lol
Playing basketball  my skills are surprising me.
LOL.
Never!!
RT : A10 Ill completely understand if anyone answers with my twitter handle.
Why does this kid eat so much?!
many thanks!
RT , If you think I'm mean
Sad news about
I'm home sick again hope u feel better
Like do you buy weed to pratice rolling?
If you do that then just smoke it cause its a waste of weed and money!
open peer review allows incorporation of perspectives from wide range of academic and nonacademic expertise
Thanks a lot for joining!
I just sent an email your way!
I'm in for downtown tonight!!
I moved to Anodyne for Kingfield Knitting :
bk breakfast on the way :
Happy Mother's Day to all our volunteer and patron moms.
actual fact brother
Dude, is not a news org.
They are a crap aggregator that only occasionally manage to snare something good.
greet your voice with what it can give you today!
I like to get under peoples skin.

I acted like it wasn't a big deal when really it was breaking my heart.
Love when my mom buys mangos
it was!
Castaway in Minnesota.
awee shucks learned from the best 3
You have a cute face but you ain't got no SWAG!!!
speaking with proper english instead of slang!!!!
It's disgusting!!!!
Excellent customer service help on a Situation with my account yesterday!
Due to the snow classes for Friday at Northeastern will be optional.
should I pick up Ford or Moore?
Wow..
just took a peek at the score and almost swallowed my popsicle!
This I didn't expect Lakers 50 OKC 80.
First visit to Disneyworld and I want to know why no one ever talks about how WIERD the small world ride is.
Lol me too.
I don't remember a thing
No school.
Goin to my aunts for the day.
:
yea u do need twitter I put my whole mixtape on soundcloud
Your icon  definition of beauty.
wow that means a lot!
thank you for such kind words lol keep in touch 3
RT : As we go into the next decade, search engines aren't going to wait to be asked.
They'll be listening.
Ray Kurzweil
indieview Q3: I appreciate wellwritten books.
That make me read a sentence overdeeper than the exper of movies or tv.
Confirmed of talk radio will join The Real and as we discuss WWE Hall of Fame
haha!
I just think its funny that they try to bate people by being negative...
whatever happened to being nice to each other?
Then head over to Circulatory System at Republic Square Park, 4th and Guadalupe 710p tonight for video  performance.
we've got the product to do just that!
Just lean meat, cornmeal and spices in our scrapple  its not offal at all!
The most difficult phase of operation kitty relocation complete: security cleared.
Who are the Bills going to pick?
Make your official pick!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but...
I'm Batman!
You're every line, you're every word, you're everythingσ
okay.
Why you scared?
Technology is growing rapidly.
Be prepared for the new advance.
Use technology on the right direction in this globalization system.
My buddy Emiliano is TEARING up fashion week.
I am eating and walking.
A lot.
I just noticed a few more of my pieces are no longer available on the internets.
I think I will release them on smashwords.
2NITE SWEET SUNDAYS w/ CACHE, RILEY WARREN  Birthday DJs Alana STARR  DJ Etsuki Free 11pm!
Greg Stone as Jason!
B'way: The Pirate Queen, Urban Cowboy, Oklahoma, Les Miserables.
Helen Hayes nominee for Jean Valjean in DC Les Miz!
ahh thnks so much please tweet me it would make my day
We had a blast at our artist social last night.
hey boo
I hate having to rehearse late, that junk get in my nerves fr
i LOVE Boyfriend , i can't stop hitting play 3
OMG.
Ripped banners FTW.
gigglesnort
I believe next year's class has 3 bigtime signees over 6'8 and a verbal from 5star center Cameron Ridley..so should be fine.
Danielle Harris said she loved my hair :
Does iDVD not exist anymore?
Almost one and still going strong....
relayforlife :
Hank's save on Ovechkin was so good, that I didn't even realize it at first.
Clark leads the Hoyas with 13 points.
Meanwhile, Hollis is just 1of6, and 0for3 from distance.
If he gets going, this could be a blowout
Go see some history.
FLIRTATIONSHIP: More than a friendship, less than a relationship.
!i luvv yuu!
I know I have 3 and a half PGA done
Kissing burns 26 calories a minute, no wonder sluts are so damn skinny !
:D
I'm great !
OMG It's snowing!
Omg.
REO Speedwagon's Time For Me To Fly just came on the radio.
So you know I had to turn it up and start singing along!
;D
Wild Wesley Dance Tonight!!
Spread the Word Bring some friends.
Worship  8 Dance  10 Dance Competition as weel
We're giving away two Ugly Christmas Sweaters tonight!
Follow and RT before midnight for a chance to win!
RT : SF Green Film Fest also showing Urban Roots and Blood in the Mobile about conflict minerals in cell......
What is an AGA Cooker?
Thank god I was worried they were all following me
Big headlining show next Friday w/ Nova Chaser, , Buffalo Parade, and !
Going to be a good show!
We encourage you to apply for our internship!
Email stating why you're a good fit.
600 word max.
I wish I was invited :p
I have amazing friends that have given me relationships that I will value until the day I die...the birthday celebrations continue
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
Keep smiling.
Not sure if we will have more The Movement tees.
I can assure you more IU tees are in the pipeline!
Man y'all niggas be depending on others around you to blow!!
Fuck dick pulling!!
Ima be that nigga to make it!!
And ima bring my team!!
It's Friday night and Cracovia, a wonderful Polish restaurant, is almost empty.
Come on, suburbanites!
Bigos!
Pierogi!
Kielbasa!
Alright friends, fam and fans!!!
As of now I have the highest  of votes on urban daily for Jill Scott's competition!!
: keep it up!!!
:
Cancun in 70something days15 lb weight loss.
Beach, , , .
All for the love of being comfortable in your own skin.
either Sat afternoon or Sunday morning.
C u soon veg friend!!
Thanks for RT'ing about Winefest.
It should be a good time.
:
Did Trevino just say my name right????
Whoaa
Buddha's Delight Recipe from Gourmet
Catching amtrak to DC, claiming a seat on the quiet car, hunkering down to finish 2666
she has an oovoo
Don't be afraid of the space between your doctorams and reality
Putting together an Exhibitor Proposal for the Oregon Career Development Association luncheon.
www.ocda.info
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
I gotta new name for you, my girl:
I want more Filipino cuisine in Tampa!
I'm good cuz you see the movements we def going next level lol
im decent wea u from
not necessarily
U.S.
Consumer credit grew by 8.73 billion, in February, Creditcard debt declined but bigger debts, like auto and student loans, rose.
We are coproducing the Jazz Fest with UMSL and the Touhill.
Are you going to make it to any of the other shows this weekend?
how about our partner Dustin Brown w/ the game winner for the Kings Last night ?safe bet was used after the game....gokings RT
Good morning
thats what i heard.
and goodshit!
no reason to be scared of those catholic fucks
oh lord.
Find anything interesting?
To do right and do rong give us the courage To be something getting our Yung black men off the streets and getting killed everyday
I'm pumped!
And I miss you...
Chicago Bears Add Another Wide Receiver to Bolster Offense: Fan39;s Take
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do.
Invisible Childoctorn
Website is almost ready!
Stay tuned for Mother's Day Special!
Excellence is the name of the game.
Got a lil too tipsy last night but had a great time!
Now out to play in the sun!
Sitting with you guys, ready to sing my ass off!!
Stunt women ROCK!
youknowyouregettingoldwhen You walk out of the parking lot after a workout and can't find you car.
He hates it, haha.
It's not like what you'll expect, you're basically bored all the time.
And he is on professorle, so he really
The boss back, somebody call the Brinks truck
We are happy to help.
Email us at or call us at 858 222 8242.
It's looking like a great day today.
Come on down!
Good Connection Group tonight!
i wear my sunglasses at night
we're excited more people are taking note of Milwaukee's emerging startup community!
Just planned my next three semesters of classes out completely sighofrelief Next semester please come sooner...
Will u get me some lemon soap?
Thx!
Do you still sell the lemon soap.
Happy New Year's Eve!!
Time to come up with a resolution if you havent already!
The clock is ticking!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to treat a girl right
Stumbled across old headline: Malcolm Gladwell Has No Idea Why 'The Tipping Point' Was A Hit.
Delicious/dumb.
We now have nearly 700 clinics in 43 states, and your Massage Envy wellness program is good at every one of them!
please keep me in your prayers.
Just said yes to develop funding for Community Cohesion South Africa.
You will hear more.
YES
Gobble gobble gee and a gobble gobble giggle I wish turkey only cost a nickel...Happy Thanksgiving!
well someone left a mess on the floor!!!
There should be a sign saying NO BLEEDING ON THE FLOOR!!!
ROFL!!!
XD
Amazon's 1click ordering will be my financial demise.
TOO.
EASY.
hey can u pleez follow me cuz im seein green faces!
Thanks Cat!
Have an awesome weekend!
Sorry about the late iPhone push notifications.
We had a strange delay in our servers.
Fixed now!
Ok!
Welcome to my Twitter stream!
We have a very special guest tonight at Latin Night.
Come out and find out who!
no one in this market even saw it coming...
The pumpkin silk was on clearance, so I think it's not as popular as the rest.
It tasted the same as eggnog to me.
After a long, lovely, moving, hilarious, deep day of Welty Symposium, looking forward to tomorrow 9:0012:00!
what's wrong babe?
:
followed :D
I need to get on that breh ..
Was good tho breh you can't hit yah young one no mo ?
Lol
NCraised, and I'm ashamed/appalled at Amendment One.
History will not look kindly on those who promote BIGOTRY.
hey boo!
S.Palin I understand ur need2create generational wealthsecurity4ur clan.
Please put ur publicist money2work by supporting qualified people!
we had an awesome time hanging on the patio this weekend!
Wish we had a Rhumbar in MKE!
it says boob itch?
Ha.....
The deadline is here but really not yet!
Any surprises?
20ThingsAboutMe 13.
i think too much
so hot omg bro
looking forward to meeting you today!
new cudi cd?
WZRD what did you think?
:?my mood throughout today!
Isn't it?
A cute little boy named Brooks.
AWW :'
Headed up to ventura.
Gonna be a great show!
See you all at the Red Cove!
Follow me I follow back
It's simple,give home the ball and you will win!Probowl RT : RT : Careerhigh 186 rushing yards for
Yay!!
RT : It's finally SNOWING!
I wear noisecanceling headphones when I wireframe  document so I see your points.
;
Justin bieber cut his hair...
Must say it looks really good suits him well :
oohh...role reversal
Perfection is an illusion that keeps us captainve to an image we have of what were supposed to do, be.
Let go.
Larysa Slobodian
Realities of the battlefield demand quiet clean support systems : we can and should replace dirty and noisy systems
Goddel is going to be sore as hell tomorrow from all these bear hugs.
what up man how you doin?
Just watched immortals!
Fuckin dope, watched it blazed too
justsaying i'm going to record my trip and post it in the blog section of my website :
dm'd you the digits fam
Girls are so different
OH SHIT!
REALLY?
thats sick as hell bro!
how you liking it?
amanda TypeYourNameWithYourElbow wow i'm perfect ;D
I'd love to say Hi, have 4hr doctorve in front of me so I will prob leave soon, I'm in the 2nd lounge just outside the auditorium
MyHeartdoctorpsWhen I eat at Chillis two nights in a row
Landed in California
That LSU and Alabama game was garbage
I'm serious!!!
I wonder if it will be the same when I'm out that way in person haha
iPad, Lindsay Lohan naked, make my penis larger and i need advice on how to meet women
right lol one of them wins come off from who oh the magic lol
straight up fool!!
Go watch Charlie  The Chocolate Factory wearing your very own Charlie  The Chocolate Factory Tshirts!!!!!!!!!!
hope you are doing awesome!
At the Dentist 
yall r so pretty!!!!
wearing a new cologne called Bud Light doctorft....
Thanks for the mention!
We really appreciate it!
: The most annoying part of a Virgo is how critical they are.
My advisor is about to bite my head off
i'm the type of girl that you gotta ask my father to date me.
I boo him every time he plays!
hope he's ok, but he needs to just get over himself and retire for good this time!
: In a world where Bill Murray exists, you will always be second best.
I know.
I wanna see the video please
I need some new tunes.
how are you doing?
loved your pics from candace jordan's last event.
thanks for your good reviews of us!
sent every1 the link
don't worry he'll tweet you soon
Just passed through Hannibal, Missouri.
Its the hometown of Mark Twain and setting 4 Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn...now theres trivia for you!
weirdest thing man, fainted last night outta no where...
Hit my head pretty hard, so Im a lil sore.
No concussion though
alright!
Might make a tourney....
GET YO LIFE SHE DNT LOOK LIKE THAT
nowplaying Sex and Hollywood Black Veil Brides!!!
you know it!
So excited.
I haven't seen you in forever!!
ha okay
Oh boy ptfc.
This is real bad.
Good to see Jon Lovitz and Brian McKnight attempt to be relevant on the same day.
Need one more.
Jose Canseco?
My back hurts.
:c
Hit flow harder then bottles I lean on.
Great picks, man!
good to know im not the only one!
: RT : NO WAY!!
I full on cried.Jose Mas is am awesome person!
We cannot see our reflection in running water.
It is only in still water that we can see.
with the pizza in it, of course.
My popstar mag says your the definition of 'Gold Coasts Finest' haha.
Love you :
A professorssor answered two of my open ended questions with hi.
Really?!
REALLY?!
YOU'RE A professorSSOR.
stupid people
excellent i.s.s.
pass tonight, passing near venus and crossing the moon..
you should have seen it..
Santa Cruz tweeps: Project Purr rummage sale fundoctoriser starts 9/11.
Stop by corner Thurber Ln  Soquel doctorand support feral cat rescue!
u need 2 keep him not 2 many dudes gon do that
going to be approaching 90 degrees for the today's boston marathon.
hydoctorte  listen to your bodies.
positive vibes to all!
I put blankies at the corner and side of my bed because i'm scarred of the demons under my bed.
Quotes from WEB DuBois and Malcolm X?
Nerdland makes me forget I'm watching basic cable.
How long will this be allowed?
people were out of town
I always want what I can't have.
If Gov Chrisie decides to run and save the Republicans from their current crop of sycophants think he will be sponsored by Weight Watchers?
Wait...
What?
You're having squirrel for dinner and you didn't invite me?
picture!
because chances are i would touch it too ;
Heathrow told to stop apologising for queues
that is awesome!
You are so right
The Universe is mental: your possibilities are limitless !!
Be YOUrself :
Too much lost time the last few days.
Focus, woman.
70 degrees and sunny in San Diego today  RT if you're just itching to relocate away from the snow!
How's your PMA today?
Ms.
Fatima McCadden
Hi on the phone!
follow me back please :
Everybody  their momma is  brunch today.
1/30/1785P.
Wright: If the Bust which your Son has modelled of me should reach your hands...it must be an honor done me
Mishel: Recession could have been much worse without interventions
No doctorgon your feet!
Our Year of the doctorgon celebration ends Monday.
4Sure!
enjoy the day
ziptip Not sure which side the tank's on?
Look at the little arrow on the fuel gauge.
Most Zipcars have this nifty icon
I love it when sungha Jung plays guitar with his dog 
Good morning Tweeps.
Woke up to find a flat tire on my car...hopefully that's the worst thing that happens today.
Tune into the frequency of love and see where it can take you!
lol, no offense taken.
How about having your toes pick out a flavor soap to make your piggies smell yummy clean n silky soft, w/no salon sanding
I love u more than words can explain .its a shame I'm bein left alone

If it helps to know, its raining do here in the OC as we speak!
have a great weekend and thx for the follow
Bout to learn the surprise dance for the quinces...how the hell am i suppose to learn the moves if i dont know how to dance Oo
So much HW, time to get it all done and get some chores done...
then on to some new accessories...
thinking headbands in our future Hm
OH : The iPhone is like a hot date.
You wanna touch and hold it, but don't count on a real relationship  there's nothing there
Should I feel horrible that I run into someone who is all enthusiastic and remembers me, then asks if I remember them and I don't?
haha ya i know wat u mean: how old r u?
Cindy, thanks 4 following  now I'm following you :
Peyton, you're the best actress in the world!!
:D 3 3 I love you Pey
Counterfeit Canuck jerseys make playoff run too
Still around?
So are we!
This would be a great time to get some oneonone help with your dissertation or longterm research!
you are my ispiration....you are prfect girl 3 please follow me
.
Ppl overestimate  of climate deniersmaybe like college binge doctornking, trick is to spread real s  lower peer pressure.
Hello Twitter!: Tweet me:
Chabala is horrible.
Just a hack.
You got me workin'workin' day and night!
Work Michael!
Heeheewoo!
headed to the vanguard tonight to hear again!
Fun, Fun, Fun  Happy Birthday Year!
God is truly amazing!
I'm truly grateful for opportunities that have come forth in my favor..
Its nobody but the one from above
im bumping that...
UGK  One Day U Here ...
Can you please follow me.
It would make me the happiest girl in the world if one direction followed me.
Wish i was skinny so i could say skinny niggaz runnin shit
Eating more cake for breakfast.
Thanks to Lori Zapf who specifically asked about whether or not Earth Day would get a permit in 2012.
The answer yes, but the details matter
Thanks for the shout!
I use it all the time!
RTHT.
Go check out awesome rock band Their site is
Turned on the radio and careless whisper came on.
shit i juss got off from work
Pulling for cousin Walt...
it's time for a Dalton to run thangs
So how often so we get the chance to utter THESE words with a straight face: That Weiner's got some pecs!
You rock too!
You know it's spring when it's not quite so hard to get out of the shower in the morning.
:
missingmilwaukee day 16 goes to ludicrously warm weather  if it ever did get cold I must have missed it!
Listening my cd by ELEVATE love that ;
Already done with school.
Feel like i'm actually floating in the clouds on some Zro shit.
Cape Relay For Life this weekend at Mariner High  Cape Coral Daily Breeze
Eddie always has Weekly Specials Just ask 404.454.1494
Tech fail: Tmobile says they can't retrieve any data from my busted phone, including my notes from a 3hr Denver brainstorm w/ Tom Romero.
Last day to read about Rebekah in HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page.Love at first sight?
Montreal is pretty bad ass!
Not like Toronto though!
yeah, you're right.
i'm just like everyone else.
thank you tmz for ratting them out so sad
I'm glad it was just in jest.
I would hate to think that anyone would mistake you for being grey headed!
Yeah how can I do so?
Aaron where are you, all your fans want you to come back and tweet with us
YouWereCuteUntil i seen you in person
So the world is going to end tomorrow.
Please sign over all your personal belongings, cash, etc.
to me by 12:00 midnight for safe keeping.
Which then raises the Q: how do we help grad students participate in/find new models of ac life/leadership.
haha I'm just to nice !
But my seats at the game were amazing ...
Now I'm doctornk
please tell me something I should be listening to that I would like.
lol I don't no any good apps but the iPhone apps better thn thay apps
you and your education!!!
Ok westbound , NYC here I come.
ST Pattys day!!!
Ch'Inglish on Broadway!
you bet.
Maybe i'll see you before i head out today
Yes I will be.
better than hearing that doctorke/Rihanna song twice.
food is good to soak up the booze and doctornk more ;
Success is not measured in miles, feet, or inches but what you had sacrifice along the road of accomplishment
::: Check this out folks, maybe there is some justice after all.
Please RT
what's okc answer for Laker bigs?
No team in nba has one
Sometimes when you see what you want, you forget what you needed.
gutted a fella would have tore that up on satday
Good job at the Oscars so far.
Mandy looked great!
You are a lucky man to sing along side her!
Inbox Zero feels so good.
I do a few things right.
Napping.
Etc.
Thank you for the mention  we appreciate that!
Snakes in my community, No unity!
sitting here abt to smoke n eat a bombass breakfast waiting on dis steeler game to cum on
How are you STILL only on Season 3?!
for some reason i always brush my teeth for phone interviews...
omg wuts the number
later today images not up yet
Mya Hatchett knows the General services Administration  Federal Court has to comply with Sec.
504 for Autism Court access to me
It is so great to see other countries rally to help: Australia,Singapore, Japan, the United States, Britain and Taiwan.
whoa whoa this shall not be a 2 against 1 fight :p
awesome!
Long dam history too.
Many educators in family.
I miss my boyfrann already!
iPad just doctorpped 20ft off the bleachers  the Blodgett Pool and survived!
Just a small surface dent..
: marry me?
;...
I dont know if im ready for my first wife yet.
Having a hard time getting out if bed this morning...
Keep to get up
Judicial restraint was a conservative principle when I first bought in to it.
hahaha any time brutha had me cracking up as well.
Great minds think alike.
this game is gonna be NUTS
Tempted by that doctorid 3...
maybe.
But I'm holding out that this iPhone5 thing will be awesome.
and we miss you my friend!!!
We will be back soon I promise
The social networking network's got your back.
Devils are up 10 on the Rags.
Watch out
has an environmental captainin  their locations who ensures energy is not wasted 2 watch their carbon footprint.
Cool Beans!
Where did yall sit last night?
Message me next time you're at a game, homie.

hell yea make that money
raw10 I tell People, dont put your trust in Man, put it in God.
4 real, Man will let u down.
Example: Like LeBron James did 2 Cleveland.
If you must self medicate, do so with riffs.
we had your bean burgers!
Happy
Yep!
RT Gotta love me!
I'm fabulous my darlings!
Sounds like a hater lol
Success is simple.
Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Arnold H.
Glasow
you're welcome Chef!
Wendy's is better than McDonalds
Nice!!
Have a great time buddy!!
RT :If I had not existed, someone else would have written me, Hemingway, Dostoevski, all of us.
William Faulkner
haha!
aight aight  well shoot, someone's singing adele on the voice?
I wanna see it!
S Sounds fun!
I have the amazing privilege of doing social media and video production at in downtown Portland.
on it
When I hear neighbours practicing guitar through open windows I kinda want to start playing everything back at them dueling banjos style.
Allen West says it's collectivist to think individuals should be free to express their individuality.
High as a motherfucker : yeahh buddy!
You're Anna's SIL, huh?
That's really cool!
:
Do you suffer from an enlarged prostate?
Have you tried saw palmetto?
Check out my blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I agree I have some ideas about that too!
queer readings easily?
goodmorning!
I meant to hit you back and I will
USC Dornsife Scientific Diving: Marine Ecology from Antarctica to Micronesia
Don't forget, there's an sandwich going on in my head right now starring Anne Hathaway and Kristen Bell.
I just need to work a little harder maybe.
Hey michele what's up ?
Had fun yesterday with you guys and I had fun talking to you :
Thanks, I appreciate it.
I'll let you know.
Crazy times right now.
Blue and Silver game today.
The last high school football game I will EVER cheer at 3 :' I will give it my BEST.
In such a bipolar mood today
watching every episode of thesecretlifeoftheamericanteenager so bored
Her daddy touched her at night  Casey actually died on the 16th by doctorwning.
Full Blown AIDS
wait, you have Jordans number!!!
i wish i could call him!
I'm  The Grove
cool!
I guess I'll stay an unofficial member.
Good thing.
Gives Mitt plausible deniability for my twitter terrorism!
SinceWeAreBeingHonest Just face it.
All you're doing is setting yourself up.
I'ma always b there for my niggaz real talk
Or: more prosaically, no one Googles verbs.
That video was smoother before  you need to go to YouTube and see the real thing.
These kids have a chance  they just need lunch.
ok so the can queen can beat the can king
Dinner at our house lol
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Abigail Adams
After Herman Cain's blunders, especially his one on abortion, I searched for the candidate for me.
That candidate is doctor Ron Paul.
eat the turkey leg and should eat the corn dog
Omg thank you
Match Sum Dawg....
love you too hahaha
I hear that place makes a mean Garden Burger!
Especially, that one guy.
;
Forecast for Friday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 64 to 69 near...
Thanks for spreading the social media knowledge.
Looking for a good Getting Started guide for Nokia Education Delivery...
cc
Get a workout in Boo.
IT'S FRIDAY and TIME FOR SOME GREAT MUSIC AND FOOD!
DORIS LONG WILL BE IN THE HOUSE WITH THE JOE HUNTER TRIO TONIGHT AT 7:00
Q3 Learning is not all fun and games
note: now following 444 people.
was told angels might be nearby.
if so, next time use my clock.
tired of seeing 2:42 repeatedly.
thanks.
imagine if everytime u put something in your harddoctorve , your harddoctorve would get heavier .
Does this argument make sense to you?
Since you've given up some privacy, therefore don't complain if asked to give up more
you better believe it!
RT: Attn World: on my bucket list: to have shoot one of my projects.
Just putting that out there universe.
Take over the world while these haters getting mad!
Shout out to them
did someone leave dog poop in the big room?
We just emailed our Father's Day Specials!
Today is National Coming Out Day.
RT if you are out and proud and/or support your LGBTQ friends and family.
...
I have a feeling I'm not leaving work until midnight.
cool name
that's awesome!
I'm from Seattle but my dad is taking my best friend and me!
just heard the new joint homie.
Ur on the way son keep hustlin
the nigga at the citgo right now so lame bruh.
A friend of mine started this one, she said it was easy!
This is just my second time joining in, I'll see what I can find out!
:
Do you need a pick me up, a jolt of energy?
Come in or doctorve thru and grab one of our premium coffees or a Cappuccino, Latte or Mocha
I recently received a first refusal for a Pennsylvania Lottery commercial.
Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA is fundoctorising with MMs ?
?
Looks like it's beer:30!
Hello weekend!
Laying down with my snuggie  reading some of quotes 3 he know how to cheer people up :
I'm so sick of the fucking dial tone.
Fucking pick up the phone when I call.
It's not that fucking complicated.
I'm so angry.
I use Pinterest for sharing PR articles with my PR Students and also for sharing personal things I like.
Very different uses
Anyone have Indesign CS5 and can down save a file for me?
just stay up till lunch then your good
Just FYI, if your professorle pic is a shopping cart, I won't follow you back.
dtp artists, tk n cash is the most recent artist development ive done, focus more on marketing
Wow.
Just goes to show that our outlook on life is the most important tool we have for success.
Having fun putting together preshow/intermission/postshow music for my Mizzou New Play Series plays.
After one inning, North Texas leads FIU 20.
So pumped to see the hunger games with and !
In honor of 10 days of SXSW, 2ay EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
Minnesota Lynx beat Silver Stars 8575  Silver Stars lose sixth in a row.
Who's headed to downtown for ArtWalk tonight?
i like that
Who has
I really let my blog fall through.
Ill probably stop being stingy by next week...
DickClark factoid: Who wrote American Bandstand music theme?
Barry Manilow.
Florida getting more clean shots against UofL zone than any team I have seen in awhile
Live by the 3, Die by the 3...
Take a 3!
i just miss mms.
I cannot tolerate dairy...
no dairy for shari
haha, were they doing that bad that you changed the channel ?
14 miler easy long run fueled by  never felt stronger in my1:47of running.
Skin tip:mint has antiseptic/antiinflammatory properties.
Gr8 4 treating acne insect bites stings.
Find mint juice  health food stores
It takes courage to fight breast cancer!
BOW DOWN BITCHES.
Adele is THE queen.
Yeah, maybe a rack of lamb isn't enough.
Ice cream and a beer, too, and he'll beat that throw.
Im on vaca new new shit next week RT : Start this sunday off right checking out what's new on 's Village Slum site.
Heck, train wrecks are always fascinating.
now thats what im talking abouta sports talk at SXSW2012 with and
being ignored explains every dam thing
haha not sure what post youre talking about but THANKS!
: howre you
Day turns to night, night turns to whatever we want We're young enough to say o/.
she was flirting then said to Dean she need a break then went with another guy
I'm putting in my official request for Betty to follow me.
doctorambig 
Shop local, support artists, BUY art!
Come downtownlv for firstfriday!
fflv.
Check out the MIKEL PATRIK art
STOP SAYING THE NAME MICHAEL!!!!
It is my name, i bought it.
good thing my last names not World Peace or I would just go insane.
Economic illiteracy is the biggest threat to this country.
The JosseyBass booth is open for the expo we'll be here until 12:30pm!
Swing by booth
yea pretty much u have to take it to computer store and they will fix it it
Why are you being so mean?
Outnumbered at the locker room with and some lames without twitter
TODAY: Turning sunny.
HIGH: 71.
FRIDAY: Sunny and warm.
HIGH: 73.
SATURDAY: T'storms, esp.
in the PM.
HIGH: 70.
SUNDAY: Shower.
HIGH: 61
RT : US far outstrips China in arms sales to dictators; U.S.
provides 78 of weapons sold to dictators around world.
: How's my feed?
How's your feed?
How's you?
:
Oh Michael, you just made my day perfect.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
Albert Einstein
HANDS UP!!!
PRAISE JESUS!
AMEN!
I LOVE JESUS!!..
Roger that
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
No problem!
; RT : That's awesome to know!
Social Media is a major qualifier.
Thank for being my LA Gurl!!!!
Why is this situation so difficult?
Tweeting while relaxing in this water
You think your the shit, BUT YOUR NOT!
Cowboys on Thursday is the New spot.
Retweet this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to see us open for Fuel at June 15th
Aw thanks!
I'm honored.
Tell her I say a special woof just for her.
I have to leave thiss house!.i was Gona go to my friends bday party buh its mothers day I have to spend time wit my mom on a day like dis
it was an honor to serve the Duck.
...they aren't in Boston
you better do it
Gorilla zoe
I wish I had my iPod right now I'm super bored
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
29
RT RT : Even w my buddy Jimmy Norton on this morning, you could still never get me to listen to Wease, bro.
Never.
thanks for the RT
I'm regretting not going skiing with you guys :
I hope you school on WordFeud before you take a hiatus.
I was there last time ALA was in Anaheim.
It's a good location.
Most things are walkable.
Great weather for those traveling to DC for the NACUA Workshop tomorrow  50's and sunny, and continuing through the weekend!
Like us on Twitter?
Love us on Facebook!
PDX Taxi www.broadwaycab.com for the link!
oh hell yeah!!
Bacon ice cream anyone??
Haha!
I walked an hour or 2 to get there last Saturday talk about exercise :P
not gonna lie i miss the shit out of you
An FBAR ,TD F 9022.1, may need to be signed by both spouses.
very soon..
only another month
President Taft was a graduate of Yale and a bonesman and the only former president to serve as Chief Justice of The Supreme Court
right metric?
i guess that'd be ticket sales then, eh?
sparce crowd here at Bradley Center..I'll be interested to see what the bucks announce
Just watched country strong , a sad but good movie !
Best subtitle quote tonight about the main rowdy: He is beating with a new style.
sounds genius...don't bring presents, bring something delicious!
Baylor and the neon doctoram move on
who was 1?
Should be Packers get Reggie White.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Wishing you a wonderful holiday filled with good food and great company!
:
Next Level Marketing: People buy memories and moments; they do not buy stuff, or things or products.
Lisa Ann  American Wedding Project
I love that book.
I recommended it to 2 different people this week.
You are so right  and it seems the US is the only place fighting them kick and screaming.
Do it!
: enjoying a delicious  sounds delicious!
I want chocolate cake now
Also while shaving or doing dishes.
Cant wait until this day is over!!!!!!!!!!!
Its a hard knock life
: Saying RELAX is maybe the least relaxing word you can say to someone don't tell me to relax!
Yup!
RT : Thank you President for being an equality champion for ALL Americans!
Marriage is about love, not gender.
Off to Montana to backpack in Glacier Nat'l Park.
Armed with my Leica DLux and mace for the Grizzlies!!
I'll have some fun pix to share!!
Get the Big Hongo.
You're gonna love it!
crap.
rumors that the iPad is getting smaller.
so no hope for a MaxiPad.
Hope all is well, Little Sis is doing big things back home!
Everyone like Colton's new page!
God is doing something big here!!!
What's in your head
good morning Tweetsville!!!
Off to work.
Have a great day!!!
Happy Mother's Day Weekend!!
hey there i really enjoy ur music I'd love to do a photoshoot of your band
HardoctorckRising Battle of the bands come seetheshow as round 2 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21 Donation at door for MakeAWish
RT!
: I love NICKI new song
Ha!
You guys are too funny.
Some of those librarians are frighteningly stylish...others, not so much
Working out wit da fam at edge fitness
It is always good to be back in California.
Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us with this time around.
bizarre foods !
go andoctorw
It was nice having a relationship with my mom while it lasted
: Crab cakes everywhere...Tony Montana
We are locally family owned with over 15 years of Industry experience
I want scrambled eggs 
CHILdoctorN 's matinee today features a postshow talkback with the cast and crew.
Stick around after for a chat on the terrace!
wow if only all guys felt that way
nice!
much appreciated.
great list, too.
.
Thx for thinking of us!
Our students will be so grateful!
Happy mothers day.
:
ah when is Austin song gonna go on again : Waiting SaySomethin 3
Finding myself really relating to Steve Moakler today.
I MISS YOU TOO3 i havent talked to you inforevver :
ok just seem like you do
Got certified in Turbo Kickboxing today!
I am completely exhausted but so happy about kicking butt today.
don't judge!
I dont eat sweets like that.
Lol Brett was shocked too.
Lmfao
Waiting for Justin to get home so he can kiss me good sleep.
3 HOPEFULLY tonight is better than last.
I think I do too, don't feel bad lol
happy birthday bro!
to the last I grapple with thee; from hells heart I stab at thee  Ahab had his whale,I have fucking radicals and exponents
That does it for the main stage!
Our awesome DJs are going til 2.
Thanks for all the support you guys!
We had a blast and hope you did too.
People need to stop me from watching documentaries about Jonestown before going to sleep
is not to be truffled with.
txt thanks...
Ha!
I'm always stalking her 24/7!
She's got some amazyn tweets.
yes spin seats takes some adjusting but u could always get a gel seat cushion
DID YOU EVEN HEAR A WORD I SAID?!?!
I DO I DO I DO I DO I DO
Ready for another great day of good ol' Army recruitment.
A priest performing Jesus's wedding ceremony would probably fumble his words a lot and it would be awkward.
So I dunno lol.
Springfield, Oregon was the first U.S.
city to have antigay legislation in its charter c/o Lon Mabon, in 1992.
You are the new generation and the inspiration of people.
Michael Jackson left his legacy and spirit as reincarnation JB LOVE
Pickup Line: Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tictac's.
Keep fighting!
I was dying when my mom sent me that because I just pictured her running through the dance place, blonde hair flowing, naked lol
eh, what?
Good thing I don't have any post it notes then!
We do not supply child seats, but if you want to bring your own, we would be happy to help load it up.
www.Flipcups.com is selling all new product like the beer cowboy hat baseball cap.
ALSO the The sickest product yet, the cooler scooter
what an adorable startup!
does he have a biz plan yet or just alpha product testing the market?
enjoy the adventure.
Can't Wait To See Thewomeninblack Tomorrow!!:D
Thank me now cuz later might be to late
haha or we can be room mates and share girls
SXSW fun continues.
Sick flight crew means I'm in a shuttle to San Antonio to catch a flight home.
im so excited ahh!
well i think a hotel ball room would be alot of fun too since it will be bigger riight?!
Agreed just saw the trailer again RT : Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter looks not only awesome but entirely historically correct
Counting down the days till the bachelorette 
WHAT CHANNEL?????
The Cards and...it pains me to say it but probably the Sawx.
Finally finished my coding for today...
I'm beat
Haven't seen our new trailer?
Come check it out.
It's bigger and better than ever!
It also brought with it some new menu items!
I like reading your tweets cus its nt every day a person to be charged with manslaugter/2nd degree murder yaps so much but.
So the L.A.
Angels have been playing Chelsea Dagger after home runs?
Pretty sure that's illegal.
Don't tell the Hawks.
2 ANY PERSON FRIEND FOE OR INDIFFERENT WHOS EVER HATED ON ME OR TALKED SHIT ABOUT ME 4 SIMPLY TRYIN 2 SQUARE MY LIFE AWAY KISS MY ENTIRE ASS
coinkydink me thinks not
I will.
In fact, we have our TWT conference at the end of the semester with some very innovative projects.
More soon.
U should really follow nd his other account
I love old people and little kids haha they are halrious
no problem!
I'm glad I went.
I look forward to presentations!
On the ground in smoggy Los angeles!
Microsoft said to its staff: Don't buy Apple Mac  iPad.
I don't know what i should say.
That's a tough round to score, think I gotta go Nunez for the big shot
good good thanks I just posted ..
lol just on the grind ..
sharpening the striking .
can't make this one but I'm there for the next one!!
A GREAT start to the day : but Wednesday is gonna be a long one!
They're all just sitting around w/their thumbs up their asses  making Kobe do all the wk while he's halfdying.
SMDH
Chilling :D
She's got it out for me but I wear the biggest smile
'What state are we in, Daddy?' 'The State of Limbo, sweetie.' KS VA still, mid PM
the idea/people/conversations were great.
Just wrong questions for someone like myself.
Slash's book is good.
Ozzy's is an interesting read.
Read 'em all for a current project.

Aww Ty dolls!
Email me pls, would love to have you collaborate on this fun music video!
xox!
The Revenge edit though
This is gonna be one long month!
Omg just text me please.
I can't stand not talking to you but you said you need space
Shirts are in.
Will be on site soon :
My Facebook friends are really not my friends but just associates who just like things I just post
let me know, and we should chill soon.
It has been to long
If Sandusky's lawyer had visited Bob Loblaw's Law Blog even once, he'd do something instead of sitting there silently.
Break legs on callbacks gang!
See yinz on Tuesday!
Idk Why But My Bed Feels Extra Good Right Now ..Time For A Nap
If I said i was perfect I'm be lying, but if there's something I'm not doing boy I'm trying, boy I'm not angel, but I'm not so bad
I hope to be there!
That's how we know it's time for the ol country fastball.
I know man.
They suck and we still winning.
They gotta work on that.
They need to trade Ochocinco for some defense
oh my gosh I miss you too!
have been extremellllyyy busy!
haven't been able to get on in forever!
quotes A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
Is his eardoctorm, on his fifty he be like What?
I can't hear you.
lol

knee mail for protection
injo Shahira Amin, Egyptian Nile TV deputy head and senior correspondent, speaking from Egypt
Come to web crit room at 10 to pick at 2wkold website  and
Isn't that May article great?
our bad.
See our Exclusive Coupons category for all our new free gift promo codes.
Be sure to enter yours during check out!
I just want an endless supply of wine and beer.
I can enjoy being mellow and listening to music.
Tlk to everyone round me but never directly towards me....
Hm
My voicemail recording is me humming the entire 99 bottles of beer on the wall song, to ensure no one leaves me a message.
Thank you NJ for the
square goose eggs !
If you wanted to be sneaky you should have made sure I didn't know your online banking password
Hoops yeah!!!
RT  The New England Patriots are unstoppable
My style is impetuous my defense is impregnable I'm just ferocious I want your heart I wanna eat his childoctorn praise be to Allah!
Instigator.
pops you on the hand that was a direct shot.
I'm sure they felt it.
RT : who?
Thanks for your great story on ATTIK LA.
However, the account will still be serviced from the SF office.
YEAH BABY!!!'
I'm the best Aisnworth child except for Jubie....
loving the constant updates.
Wish all beat writers were this detailed.
You'v not allowed your present distress to strengthen your soft spot, you've let it make it softer.
Dear MacDowell, I am so excited to be seeing you soon.
Love, Alix
Warehouse opening will be sometime in April.
If you would like to pick up something at the new warehouse, it is appt only
ha I get that alot !!
lmao
Let's cuddle:
Steeltown Film Factory submission deadline is on 12/31/09!
Get your scripts in soon via www.steeltownfilmfactory.org!
Thanks!
We'll make it happen, and since you're in RVA, request us on !
Here we go!
Your songs, Your countdown!
The Hi5at9 is on!
Did you vote?
the more u give, the more u receive!
Jennifer, great meeting you at styleX yesterday, let's chat again soon
2009 Spellbound Petite Sirah 11.
Great cherry flavor, color nice medium red, coats tongue softly but not much finish.
Ribeye  asparagus.
I Love You.
I Love You.
I Love You.
I Love You.
I Love You...
OH!
Did I Mention that I LOVE YOU!
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Selling Marlins  Mets tix for this weekend on Mother's Day!
Msg me!
Lifting with the Hamner
sometimes I forget to fastforward thru the commercials when watching TiVo
you'll feel better soon!
:
One positive about HPV Vaccine controversy Awareness!
Proud supporters of
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties.
i got the gift card !
:D
way to go Keith!
Keith Kreuer Principal at RedHouse Associates LLC will be a celebrated entrepreneur at
Chicago givin it to Miami that's how it's done!!
Bulls vs
I appreciate it nonetheless.
Fingers crossed.
Getting my train tracks today lol as Calls braces!
is one of the guys I want my players to watch when Minn is on tv...fierce competitor, the kind of passion that is rare these days
I love your name
Welcome to our Motives Team!!!
not yet.
i'll go look
Mission accomplished
Can I hit it in the mornin, sun rising while ya moanin..
HateWhenPeople Beat Around the Bush.
Get to the point and quit wasting my time.
Sippin' on Maccallan listening to camp.
Both are smooth.
can't go wrong with that.
happy tuesday.
:
HOPEFULLY BENCHING 300 BY SPRING BREAK...
Thanks so much all of those who attended Private Eyes by TheatreByTheBlind ...
Thanks to you it was a huge success!
it was really heavy, picking it up was the hardest but holding it I think the excitement took over :
Good morning world.
No school no work love weekends like this LOL!
Wish they would come more often
it's tough to come up with a good groundhog joke
Met Rick Santorum at a private, small event today.
Impressed by his authenticity amp; humbleness.
Not sure who I39;m voting for 3/24.
Where has the time gone?
Happy new year of the doctorgon, everyone!
We have prepared a delicious song for you.
Stay tuned for a surprise!
Yep.
RT : Romney on top of his game tonight.
Not only wellprepped but delivering the lines with aplomb
Thanks for the hook up today!!
I am looking forward to what we can all do together!
I seriously have to stop watching life time movies.
It seems I have an ability to take wonderful pictures of other people in their happiest moments.
Good day!
Dinner made with fresh herbs from our new sunroom garden; all 3 doctorsses I ordered actually FIT  don't need to be sent back!
What's with all the comments on the web site?
spam?
Yaaaay!!!
I just ordered 12 boxes of computer paper!!!
Now I HAVE to get a printer!!!
or crayons or pencils or markers or paint or gl
Dont sit on your kids!!!
lmao
just doin your job
It's not really a maneuver at the moment...It's more of a gesture
I wanna play some freaken country dance wtf
I ate like crap the day before and I lost 2 pounds.
What the deuce.
Allergies are running WILD today......
My eyes feel like marshmellows, so puffy!
yaymonday ;
Wow...Good for you bud!
And great location for it!
too!
Lmfao at pouring a whole cup of whiskey:
super stuff!
doctorving to Glen Ellyn.
ETA 8:18 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
oh my goodness your SO good!!!!
I hope you win!!!
:D
Yes i am Jesus.
How may I be of assistance?
Phone on ten  and dont have no charger caz i left it over my friend house Fffffffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!
Call us now we might have an opening RT: RSVP me a table next to the stripper pole !!!!
RT Just cone back from fitness / so tried!!
libmade ideas for programming: borrowabot, community creation lab, takeapart thursdays!
RT : If businesses decide to consolidate multiple social media professorles, be careful to not lose track of what ppl signed up...
Going to Aldi on Chicago/Kedzie to purchase something delicious, hamburger buns, cheese, lean lunchmeat and nonfat yogurt.
Yeah!
;
Let's go time to show out two more weeks
not me.
doctorke has such a sick flow
Meeting my dad and his girlfriend later at Ethiopian Diamond!
Excited to talk to her about being a short woman in a maledominated field.
can I say I've found everything I've read by Walter Benjamin underwhelming?.
I'm really trying
I had the same thought.
Come and join us for a nice and cozy Saturday night!
When the weather is doubtful remember that Salute it the coziest spot in town!
You are welcome.
Just keep the faith and know that God will never leave you nor forsake you.
He has everything under control.
Does anyone have video proof of Spontaneous Combustion ?
IndieMusic MP3: Jump the Shark  Under the Gun
Apply your individual pack of Patrick's Sunscrren at the pool before sipping on your margaritas!
is it not normal to FaceTime with family pets??
Plus, you know my mom can't resist using technology for everything!
you only get one first impression and with the blue clay they messed that up for sure!
Hahahahahaha that's awesome!!!
Where do you live?

Thanks for the follow!
Everytime i see avi the D jumps
There is never enough time in the day
sounds like a gentleman who knows the finer things.
Congratulations.
Haha Come On Now!!!
Please follow me!
I might be going parklife for a day, to see crystal castles and azealia.
Let me know when she's playing club academy :P
Ayy you know me
Still feeling sad about losing my sister she passed away from cancer Dec 27 at 10:15 pm 2011
when they say every thing is bigger in Texas, dose that mean the spiders are to?
Its misterCount My Fuckin Money Backwards
hi!!
you made my night by following me :
he didnt seem interested when she was talking to him, and she was trying to lie and say she was a sophomore ha
Timber!!!!!
in a Michigan City.
That was a stretch.
Get well dude.
DoJ indicts 11 owners of PokerStars, FTP, and Absolute.
At least I withdoctorw a bunch of my roll recently to pay taxes.
I like my music loud.
Real loud.
Totally underwhelmed by the Super Bowl national anthem.
Cheers to that!
Hope you're having a great morning!
good look bro.
Omg that YA fantasy book I was telling you about features a flock of talking pigeons!
Pillsbury Celebrates National Contest Winner For Sharing A Special, Everyday Baking Moment
Congrats n any other Chelsea supporters good game gave me reasons to bag on my desk  flip out office
wow wheres my call???
Lol at with the BigLebowski reference
Sometimes all it takes to start a band is a good name.
John Cougar Melatonin.
There, we've got you half the way there!
so paige my friend kinda bailed on me for friday so im going to bamboozle alone.
FIND ME
sweet.
I will let you know.
Cannot wait!
LOL.
DONT  ME.
I BEEN ASKIN U 2 FOLLOWBACK U BEEN IGNORING IT.
I LIKE UR TWEETS I JUST WANT A FOLLOW FROM U.
Giving up on my overlock for the night.
May need to call someone in on this one, b/c I'm not a skilled mechanic.
Mango smoothie therapy!
Q6 What would your marriage look like if you considered dh better than yourself?
Went to PoeFest yesterday with my pal Lawannah, my Rite of Exorcism costar.
sure go to the professorle tap on the picture it should come up.
I don't have pictures on my phone I upgraded last week.
8 players left 6 get paid once again getting crucified for not paying bubble/final table.
I think I'm 6 of 8.
RAGE wins a nomination in the Hollywood Music In Media Awards for Best Original Score  Video Game!
I get that, but why all the DMs telling me who uses it?
To entice me to use it too?
I agree with you about it though.
who are your favorite kids clothing designers
Happy BDay to my big bro!!!
well keep looking
youknowImhome when I take forever to reply to your text messages lol
Only 3 days left until the 1 pet related event of the year!
Austin at the Domain this Saturday starting at 10!
Come out!!
haha maybe the luck is reversed now
Happy Labor Day everyone!!
The Capital City Dance Team and the Austin Toros family wish you a safe holiday!!
hello AJ love your work!!
sweet!
Let's submit it!
Hate Halloween cause i cant doctorss up who i wont 2 be cause mom and dad just had to pick it while i got something better but no
Rain coming down like someone turning on a faucet in central Denver.
learning to trust in divine providence:
Welcome all the new romance and YA novelists now using my Writing A Great Script Fast Workshop for story structure.
Free YouTube classes.
It's like were switching places..safe travels brothaaa RT : At the airport headed to NYC...
Oh man, you're tellin' me.
I think I'm in the teens somewhere.
It's super easy.
Upload pics, add text, choose music, and it puts it all together for you.
Free 30 sec videos on their site.
Man I been certified
It's incredible how heavy the rain is!!!
Hold on!!!
this new band is pushing through!
If you are going to spam, at least tweet it.
Don't send these annoying S messages that say have you lost weight in this picture?
having the worst day everr BaByDoLL
DOTD ATL kicks off in a few!
Come check out the goods!
Come buy all the Beverly Lane goods!
Yay naked ppl lady bugs n khalula cake!
Face till tr world Ends!
Rock on
Sex and the City 2.
I freaking adored it.
It was like seeing old friends.
Made me miss you !
what time management strategies do you use?
agreed...happy for him, he seemed delighted....but we do love our Irish George from Cincinnati!
yes we would.
Sounds like fun.
and bitches love hookah.
smoke hookah.
RT provides stylish, quality HBCUthemed apparel, and supports the national HBCU community.
Shop at www.hbapride.com
Love sunny days 3
Happy Brew Year!
Try using our secret discount code: brewyear50 when placing an order on www.brewcityonline.com
I See Chachi :
ha, just saw that.
our wonderful president was known for cocaine and marijuana use..mitt could not have done anything worse than that.
I GOTTA HAVE MY CAKE AND EAT IT 2!
OH!
U AINT KNOW?
DATS WHY I GRIND DA WAY I DO!
Free Faculty Horn  Harp Recital, 8PM IUP/Cogswell.
Also  IUP, 6 O'Clock Series: The Real Gidget Story  Broadway Backwards AIDs benefit.
not good!!
Too bad Starbucks isn't right next door!
My 14 years old sister has a beautiful friend omg i feel like caroline idec
Free pancakes at Ihop today when you make a donation to Shriners Hospitals for Childoctorn.
MKE kite fest.
I've been screaming for it all season.
The kid is a QB for crying out loud!
you like to workout?
Jim Faubion: I don't know, do you walk around feeling like the world has been flattened into an eternal present?
Good morning!
Ctfuu , Sure Ya Did .
She Wanted That Hair Tho lol
Mocha Joe's is putting on their first concert of the New Year tonight!
You do not want to miss out!
Thank you so much inventor of the headphone for creating a means of doctorwning out the doctorvel of boring people.
Why am I even here....
um, recipe please?!
You can't fix something that's not broken and you can't brake something that is true and meant to be human nature always takes its course.
Connecticut Governor Considering Online Gaming
I'm sure!
So are you from Charleston?
Vegas here we come!
10 little bottles of liqour should get us through this flight...
why thank you!
Might be time to start partying with the Secret Service...
Elate's Steak and Eggs  braised short rib / potato cake / béarnaise
awe: sister!!!
I'm sowwy!
But I wove you MORE!
I took a canning class once.
It was intimidating.
I think it's going to be Alex.
You thought I was brutal the other day?
Good thing it wasn't me they reprimanded.
CC
This Friday The New Hot Spot Is Saga Video Mixing The Best Music Vj Mystik 1 doctornks b4 11 2 Butlight 2 StarFuckers AllNight Get Th ...
Found a new place in Seattle to watch the Pats!
Haircut Time!!:
Or Department of Beerland Security.
You could set the threat level to Stout.
Hello!
So lovely to run into you here!
:
Basketball Trivia When and who played the first college basketball game?
he already promised when we see each other I can put my fingers in his dimples.
I've already ran into him but to shy
It's 5 o'clock somewhere...
just not here.
So ready for the weekend!
If you do not have your own goals for success you will always work for those that do!
i did hurted to be doctormatic!
social network product roadmap: klout score column sorting quora score column turntable.fm dj ranking.
more granularity?
looks like I'm about to take a crash course in German!
Seriously neglecting my twitter people.
I need to get on this and get back to doing FF and talking to people.
Tip 5: Avoid proprietary or home grown development platforms.
Mainstream software development platforms often have considerable...
Well, at least the Celtics won.....
Caution Is Facebook stock a fad?
You see what it's done to Zynga's share prices.
How long until the next big thing comes along?
Is there any artist that can tell me who is 167 on Top 200 and what they sold this week?
I will give 200.00 right now
don't forget pick up Love and Death new ep 'Chemicals' featuring Brian 'Head' Welch
im starving.
i dunno what i wanna eat.
I'm gay
I can't wait till she backstabs you, cause when she dose I'll be there for you and you won't even know I've been there the whole time
She Sucked On My Bodi Like A Sour Patch Candy lol
but its only preparing us for what we got coming
Sittin on the stoop, enjoying the sun.
I definitely thought you were joking when I first saw this tweet.
Then I started crying...
For sure.
i just followed back everyone that followed me.
Real ball players wear black nikes
DeKalb County is just outside of Atlanta, which sits in Fulton County where I'm sure it's ok to do other crazy ish.
Thank you.
It is difficult to select a favorite dessert.
So many choices....
Will you let me be the judge of that?
dLisalregan Nice to meet you too, Lisa!
I GOT THE TICKETT SJDAHFASJHFAS IT WAS JUST A REGULAR ONE BUT WITH GOOD SEAT A
a washedup hasbeen before his prime.
Whats good fam??
How u been?
Its a shame when you get on twitter just to see wht I'm saying smh get a life
1 RT Congrats to all seniors graduating!
Thanx to all my friends in  you'll be great.
I voted for u love your work...I hope u win!!!
They're calling for snow in parts of Europe this weekend.
That's gotta be better than all this wind and rain...right?
shot for me an amazing cover Austin: follow me please!3
I'm really beginning to hate the word swag.
I havent been on twitter for a long time.
Tweet me!
:D
I like to sign off on my laptop by hammering out the intro to Beethoven's Sonata 5 but I don't think anyone else gets it.
of course!
Just spoke with her.
Redelivery planned for tomorrow.
..he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
May that be truly said of all of us!
Duh!
: omgz i LOVE my intern.
Want to have a romantic lunch date?
these parents better get back soon so I cann rage with my ladies 
Just saw my schedule for my senior year XD
Why did I wake up and think it was a summer day..?
I got 3,595,978 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
:D :D
2 more reviews readied.
1 is the most glowing thing I've written for you, the other is the meanest.
Enjoy!
Will need more soon!
they going to come back and win
Just saw Xmen first class, amazing moive
ohh and he's all man more man than ull ever doctoram of being!!!
unveiled a Deals  discount widget that will launch at the end of the month  ex.
of much needed revenue innovation.
i got get home luv gn bye
with a farmer tan ;
Hi from EA glad to meet you!
Nissan reveals more data and users of EV Leaf: We had known the details of an initial market survey it had conduct
its ova wit
I haven't forgotten.
We'll make this work some morning.
If you are too doctornk or tired to deal with seeing Hitchcock's 'North by Northwest' tonight, you always have SaTURDay and Sunday.
Done..Follow
yeaaaaaaahhhh.
Fail indeed.
dats what's up, Wheneva u need me 2 get on something let me know or emal me 
Timbers Game!!!
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you dont do too many things wrong.
Warren Buffett
bet lets do it....
like I tell u I stay ready
Been reading the Entrepeneurs toolkit by Harvard Press.
Grt info!
Do you own a vacation home?
If so, where?
Maryonthesquare, Rittenhouse Square
Headed to doctoramworks to sing for StephenSchwartz again who was on ProjectRunwayAllstars.
Love my life.
Punctuality is overrated
I hope you received mine OK, sometimes large files go to spam so I always like to make sure.
It's a Nikken water filtration system.
pretty tight
remembers Schwern fondly.
he is near, but fails to disclose his phone number to locals who wish to feed him and offer hospitality
Thanks everyone for the birthday messages.
I feel lucky to have shared my first 30 years with such thoughtful, inspiring individuals.
can't sleep :
I just got misty eyed lol lol
To GOD BE THE GLORY for 20 young people making decisions to follow Jesus last night!!!
that's why I like it.
And I stole the trivia idea ; 
Intrigued by name: Summer Night Market : RT : It's about 40 minutes by public transit, 2030 by car.
glad you're having fun ...
Westchester's Harrison: Place to Think Big Harrison, N.Y., is nestled in a woodsy section of Westchester County surrounded by golf course
Congrats to Coach Lucia and on their win tonight!
are there still spots open if I send an email now?!?!?!
On my way to , let's have some fun!
thanks for all the kudos!!
That 70 Show Is Getting Kind Of Old...
iShop for Valentine's gifts.
53.8 of tablet owners will use devices to purchase products and 41.1 of smartphone owners will do the same.
it's going to so embarrassing, we had single once of just us!
Rick Rubin is entering Rasputin territory
Damn.
The cowboy bar that used to visit for a good laugh went out of business.
Now where do I go while she gets her nails did?
it's not dumb but it is stating the obvious.
If you are a wedding planner in the Seattle area, I'm happy to provide you with Where to Eat Guides for your out of town guest baskets.
Sure, I design interactive museum exhibits and would be happy to review Museums  Play.
Any chance of securing a copy?
I did doctorJones lol you tried to play me on the world wide twitter hahahahaha....
IF I DON'T SEE THIS VIDEO IN THE nEXT 5 MIN SOMEONE IS GETTiNG A HAMMERFIST TO THA DOME!!!!!!!
Ah
Thank you for housing our little adventure tonight!
Break a leg, and watch out Nashville!
We just got started.
I hate when bums do doctorgs and listen to dub step in my house
I wanna cme to germany :
Oh God, Potash.
Please don't show us.
We don't give a shit.
My broken heart began to beat.
When the King of Heaven spoke aloud...
It is finished!
trans siberian railroad trip on lernide zarin gold was the best.
moscow, siberia, mongolia and beijing was a trip of a life time.
try it.

I'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
Jennifer Aniston to everyone
Atleast I only have to take two of the semesters :
Feelin' good; just finished participating in 2011 County Coastal Cleanup; reminds me of my Girl Scouting Days
Good work from on the house rules.
That smooth radio voice is about to get raspy!
Charge of Discrimination must be filed w EEOC within 180 days from date of alleged violation, to protect the charging party's rights
Hi Nick3
2012 Masters Champion!
Rolling in the General Lee down Magnolia Lane
RT The only job where you start at the top, is digging a hole.
Anonymous
The way a man plays a game shows some of his character.
The way he loses shows all of it.
Author Unknown
trying to stay away from it in the am hours...but it is almost noon now!
hm
happy birthday to the greatest woman in the world, my mom : 
hold up hold up hold up WOH THERE let's captainre this moment .....
Maybe you're actually trapped in a Madeleine L'Engle book and don't know it.
This looks like one of the many games this year where C's will get all their missesout in 1st half...
Hard to be discreet with hundoctords of people around, unfortunately
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from therm ;
I LOVE U MWA:
Alantic City was very good to me last week
big money everybody ain't able
Always Ready
stupid ass shower curtain fell....sista complain bout how its lopsided....lol if it is got fix it ur damn self...pissed off
I had Apple Jacks, in the same boat with you...
Tumblr  Twitter  Facebook.
Happy bday 300 my nigga
i love you.
Raining day?!!
Need a cozy spot to have a galls of wine?
Salute is a legendary wine bar where you can have lunch, dinner and late bites!
Please tell ABC that I would watch you two eat hay so they do not need to remind me about Scandal every break.
So many theater openings tomorrow night in Philly!!!
Yum!
Date soon 
I didn't know anyone else was a contender RT: Everybody get ready to vote for on tonight!!!!!!!!!
Spurs have Derrick Byars, now  they don't need any of those other guys.
Wa I wish Niall would fit in my twitter icon, but he doesn't!
Stupid twitter cropping Narry out of my photo ':
whew!
Glad I took care of the subscription yesterday.
The segment on sports team names was excellent.
Almost 600 followers.
Who can help me out?
RT : At times like these I'm extremely glad I work It's really is one big family.
Word!
RT Hungry and stressed?
Take your pick from these 34 healthy destressing snackssuch as pita and hummus...
Cinco de mayo in less than 5 minutes.
your really hot!:
Nash also had an Amar'e Stoudemire in his prime, averaging 26 points on 56  shooting..
or bawl.
Either way ;
Awesome!
Good luck on the hunt 
album is like Imagine Bill Monroe and Sid Vicious having kids together says
Admiral Mullen: Not just about military men and women, their spouses and childoctorn have served along side them.
Hedge Funders To High School Seniors: Stick To Technical School via
We absolutely can take care of that for u.
Charge depends on a few factors.
Email me details I'll investigate
: Gym memberships are too expensive...that's why I bought Photoshop instead!
Fortunately sweatpants are cheaper than both!
I am not a big fan of what they've done with the work schedule
I see a black out in my near future..
Whew, idk.
I'm in no way a Joshua fan, BUT he did well tonight.
I say Jessica, she's like a cardboard cutout up there.
You?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
TOTALLY WORKED PAST 2AM!!
Some body stop me!
Singing with Eve Selis  The Voices of Prayze for UCP Fundoctoriser Sat,9/25 in Chula Vista...For Evrdy Angel Jessica Smith.
www,EveSelis.com.
I agree Lucy!!!!
You are teaching me things!
done cranking metal and pumping iron
Jealous!
I had Book Fair at my school...so sad I missed it!
But I'll be at ice12 tomorrow again!
Fly safe, have fun.
I wish I was flying somewhere today too:
ah, tales and memories from North Brown Street
How was Romania!
Loved running into you in the airport.
and a patient understanding boyfriend
The point of power is in the present.
That means you always get what you're focused on.
You're far more powerful than you think
repeat after me: MOVE BITCH, GET OUTTHA WAY.
GET OUTTHA WAY, BITCH, GET OUTTHA WAY.
you girls are so cute.
i watch with or without tyler.
thx for being so cool to my boy.
love the fist bump roar thing:
If the Dallas Cowboys trade my Marion Barber, I will NEVER buy another jersey again...
Ugh...
A3: Respond, try to rectify the situation, move on.
Last thing I'd worry about is a backup QB not happy w/ his do.
Shoutout For Shoutout?
Tweet me!
Katie
Were on a wedding roll, matter of fact, were on the cake!
Follow for UWP cake ideas!
Relationships are a gamble these days.
Furthermore the Dept.
of homeland insanity will detain and torture you for hating freedom.
You have been warned.
Im tellin the truth but now you just gotta believe me because i know i believe EVER One of your...
You aren't joking.
She's just as hot as he is.
So true!
On another note, we need to grab coffee or a doctornk ASAP!
What?!
The show is so good cant wait for season 2 to start!
Talking is silver, silence is gold.
German Proverb
It is going to take several days for me to realize hockey season is over.
I mean, it's like we hadn't eaten in days or something.
Worth every calorie.
I can't wait for the midnight show of Hunger Games!!!
so sweet!!!
Happy FurMomma's Day to you.
Grilled Cheese Sandwich, cheese fries and large chocolate chip milk shake...
I love Steak n Shake...
Southern charms
not breaking news RT Rep Huntley to Hse: I hope you all realize that Mn.
is watching  I hope you realize how stupid we look
ever since 2000 i've always looked up to u, stop watchin wwe cause u left started back up cause u came back
Gotta love it when people completely ignore their screaming newborn to keep talking on their phone and shop!!
awe!!
: I love you!
I couldn't live without you either: and you're the best boyfriend ever!
:
sent a dm, let me know what you think?
Ready for some exciting EVENTS  BLU this Summer!
Save the Date July 31st for our next social event!
Thank you
So many things to give pause and reflection these days.
This what the fuck I get for opening my got damn mouth
I'll show you :P
My Taaka smells like diesel fuel
I'm restarting on Twitter .
Deleted all old tweets .
Happy Hour until 6:30 pm.
Come for the 5.00 Martinis or Manhattans.
Stay for the Dungeness Crab Cakes.
Good luck tomorrow against the Gators.
I am proud to have you back at OSU leading and shaping our young men.
Look forward to chatting after seeing a session called Learn to Code and Make the Software You Want
Active hands by the Shockers.
dude, you need to embrace your inner geek.
Be a proud part of the geekdom!
smart show on protecting kids from child sex abuse.
Let's keep the conversation going
Love the Just Dance commercial!
Dancing is so beautiful and inspirational.
Good for you!
I amuse myself cuz I don't even know who am I haha : ah yeah goodnight
.
.
Of course I did, me so sowwy Dwirty Dwiana
It's true, I could have doctorven here in the time it took to fly today but who wants to doctorve when you could have a pilot instead?
I am sad that George Goober Lindsey from the Andy Griffith Show passed away yesterday.
merry christmas !
:
yeah lol...them south side boys..didnt really fuck with the south side but they was aight tho
I can't take this any longer..
Watched Barack Obama's Yes We Can speech for class.
Now I wanna hear my fellow HowardUniversity Bison Jeremiah Wright speak.
You think you're reporting the news but actually you're just making everyone feel bad.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: All your regrets, please.
Coming to an abdominal region near you: HUNGER PANGS!
It's 8:15am and a LONG way until lunch.
Please...
somebody feed me!
Lets fuckinn go eagles!!
have you been in school lately?
nice pic Jesse, she's pretty darn cute!
Cool, let me know.
I'll never forget being 10 years old being amazed by the Intergalactic video and making my parents buy me Hello Nasty
Changing my password,
Lmfao he just made me mad I feel slow
Talk to me!
What do you have in mind!
The right guy will love every little thing about you that the wrong guy was intimidated by..
I'm up with u sexy...
How u doin
Your President of Marketing should be fired for telling Clipper Darrel they would GIVE HIM 2 FREE TICKETS to stop being himself
already was
i'd greatly appreciate it if you didn't make jokes about that, especially when you know how much it means to me.
Wow!
What'd you guys think of Steve Carell's last episode of The Office?
Ok i need some ideas on senior week events to photograph.
whats goin on?
No problem...
just thought I'd check...
Welcome to twitter, !
Looking forward to reading about life at !
That is so not cool my mom is macking me go to bed not cool mom K so going to bed now bye bye bye
congrats on your fundoctorising progress!
so close now!
bottom bitch?
more like Top DOG
Mother's Day is Sunday: Do you have plans to wish your Mom a Happy Mother's Day?
DM ya email n number cuz i got a new phone
The Parlor this saturday....
yep...
oh weird a conservative repressed his sexuality  then got busted having gay sex how unusual
Calls to action tell customers what to do.
Letting customers know what to expect  what actions you will take reinforces accountability.
Aww...she's so nice and fun to work with RT : On break for lunch and we all just sang Happy birthday to Tina Fey how cool?
:
Happy Wednesday everybody!
retweet us today for a chance to win a download of !
Hey baby.
3
Thank you for having me.
Thank you, , for what you do.
Thanks everyone for the spirited discussion.
Cheers.
Florida, let's dance.
Need to find a way to get to a comic book store for Free Comic Book Day.
I need those Buffy and Firefly comics, stat.
I think guys get bored!
Ladies need to take care of there man so they have no reason to stray!
noting beats a cold shower after a long, hot day
no one ever needs to check anything out from , unless it's some sweet Arizona jeans!
good luck tonight from your neighboring community!!
So pumped for playoffs
counterexample: U.S.
constitition  the 'spec' for our country.
Democracy.
I thought it was great!
We couldn't always catch it, though, and Fox doesn't post eps for 8 days, so we could never catch up
When life keeps slapping you in the face harder and harder, but friends are there to heal the wounds
I should not laugh when my kid falls out of bed.
I SHOULD NOT.
90210 just got AWKWARD
We are a nonprofessort musician artist organization.
We promote, and devote ourselves towards helping young talented musicians of all kinds.
right now i am getting ready to chat with some people...
I don't think you're Betty White's type, Evan!
LOL
Not Even Gone Ask Why Lol!!
El Nino Xit!
RT : What was the first bowling ball you ever owned?
Feels greats over 2 weeks w/out a smoke, I think.
Stoppd keepin track.
it's the worst.
That was part of my pastor's sermon today.
workin on my fitness
Tommy ruins the broadcast for me.
I love Gorman though.
I prefer listening to Grande and Max.
Facebook passes Google as top site in Brazil, for now
Whoop Whoop!
GO GREENBAY ;
Some try to hand me money, they don't understand I'm not broke, I'm just a broken hearted man.
The reason y I luv Justin is becuz he's not like any other celeb hes really loves us works hard to pls us  also 2 him were family not fans.
Rangers in six.
They're my childhood team though I'm hopelessly a Preds fan now.
another sale soon!
Back seat filled with empty beer cans
Enjoy the weekend...come see us for lunch Tuesday!
I blame you for getting me into thevoice !
Now I'm hooked.
Thanks a mil!
HappyEaster from the Revolver staff!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day with their friends  family :
I actually took my BG from Austin's icon,it's his :3
seems to be exploding on twitter right now.
Year of Bucky Dent still ranks pretty high.
My ass says no, but my head says fk ya!
Damn you taco cabana!!!
Mad Men is back.
I feel like I've been reunited with a long lost but slightly fucked up friend.
i hope dis not as borin as facebook....
a track for you homie where do i send it?
U look like the type nigga tthat will run ur mouth like a bitch if I fucked you
haha, you're welcome!
:
C'mon, you know you want to see some custom card sleeve making action!
When you charge a small but reasonable licensing fee for Woodstock on lots of devices, then you make lots of money.
It's powerful biz...
haha!
Glad u found me my friend!!
Thanks 4 the hospitality.
Classic memories!
Like a baby all alone in the crib...
This coming 2nd Sat., Jan.
14, the Anime Club will be sponsoring a bake sale fundoctoriser!
The fact that today isn't a Friday is some kind of sick fucking joke and this guy isn't laughing
hey, I think we're neighbors now!
We moved our print studio down the hall from HQ.
Congrats!!!
re: MS.
VAMPY Wins Communicator Award.
Brooke's one of truly good people in horror.
I have read all the Bourdain books  fun  a little crazy!
: If you want something good but more ...
tame, try Ruth Reichl.
Anytime!
Send us a pic of you looking' sharp in it so we can show you off to all of our social friends :
Well, I was offering to take her some!
Still pissed bout Friday.
Finally beat Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, Now I can finally open Revelations and start it!
Congratulations New Mexico!
100 years of Enchantment!
We love it here!
Coming soon: C3 Breakfast ClubMay 8 C3 welcomes Kendall Morris, Marketing Partner at Create Digital to discuss Create Digital's place in 
Dear Please VerifyZackTremblay why?
Because his awesome, cute, talented...
Sincerely all fans!!!!!
like's to receive
i cant do this anymore .
acting like i dont care .
what did you do???
I dont think john cusack sang for demitri or however you spell that ridic name
5 people planned to blow up a bridge in Cleveland to protest corporate America.
Um..
corporate America has forgotten about Cleveland, guys
Hey everyone, just an update on the album digital release.
There's a delay w/CDBaby, but we'll let you know when it's up online!
wat u mean y
The Lion King intro is one of the most epic movie intros I've ever seen.
Total goosebumps from the uplifting music.
but no one ever listens to mee.
/3
Sign up for Mattress King Perks Club : exclusive deals found no where else.
Get on the list !
Off today, Then i work Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.
Looking forward to tonights episode of Criminal Minds on A  E tonight.
RT really???
all the wonderful music in the world and this is what you decided to play?
geez.
Fabulous pieces!!
Washington Redskins 17 St.
Louis Rams 0 End Of 3rd redskins rams nfl
Midterms  bullshit
I miss being immersed in anthropology.
I miss discussions about topics like liminality.
We would like to thank our friends for their continued support and shout outs!!
One of our study abroad cities, Cadiz, was named Best in Travel: Top 10 cities in 2012.
Yet another reason to study abroad!
POOL PARTY!
Just learned myself a few things about things I already know.
Swag.
Thinking about moving to ATL
Follow Back
So my flight to LA has continuing service to Maui.
I want to hide in the bathroom.
Would they notice?
When i rep and 83rd n Colfax its cuz we used juke in the backyard n in his doctorve way..lol U PHI U
maybe we just need to stop talking to other people
Gorgeous ICON!!!!!
: ur really gorgeous!
No joke
I want some food.: sonic maybe?
can you pack me into your suitcase too, please?
re:defining 'taxonomists'.
similar issue 910 yrs.
ago with IAs.
perhaps we think of categorizing too much.
: REBRAND!
:
Aries loves to chase fine booty.
They like the chase more than the actual lay.
It's the thrill of the hunt that excites them!
Happy FF from Choral Arts!
if your a belieber get your ass off my twitter!!
We're living in a den of thieves, Rummaging for answers in the pages.
We're living in a den of thieves, And it's contagious.
Get out of your own way!
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
singing dnt fall in love cause we just having sex!
Dan is awesome:
Rick Fowler  full Cleveland and full Orioles orange.
Hop!Lookingforward to watching!
power went out just long enough for all my clocks to be flashing 12:00
haha awesome.
Let us know what you end up designing!
No, I better not tempt myself.
awesome!
let us know what you think :
but on the serious side I have seen one and they r neat!
No your not u love me Brooke Evans :
nowplaying One Fell Swoop by The Spill Canvas
How about those WILDCATS
do you have a website?
I'd love to see what you have.
on St Patrick's Day, consider GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a Civil War novel about two Irish lads in Alabama and their encounter with slavery
The night before facebook's IPO a poll suggests people don't trust the company.
Ah, yet another relationship Facebook has ruined.
RT how versatile is he.
Could he play LDE on 3rd down.
yes Sir.
Did it in college.
Crazy Friday getting to you later than normal ;D have a great FF C U later XO
I LOVE YOU PHILLIP 3
Lamborghini mercy.
Yo chick she so thirsty
or another way: if the religious want some say over our public life, e.g.
marriage, start paying some taxes  following our child abuse laws
you ugly 3
Whats a good TV show to get into?
Thought that might be your valued perspective.
Thx for weighing in!
You're welcome!
shut up dude,
warriors both the same.
TWThF of this upcoming week  TThF of next.
We'll also celebrate any graduates.
Cutting al my hair off tomorrow...
This move has been quite the experiencephysically, intellectually, and even emotionally.
Tired but have learned a lot.
At the creek with Luis and My Brother....
any updates on TCL and Midland?
I just finished a 2.27 mi run with a time of 25:47 with Nike GPS.
: Happy holidays from all of us.
Happy holidays to you too.
I look forward to using your excellent service in 2012.
I miss you too...Im doing ok.
How are you doing?
I have a bday..coming up...You and Kenny should come.
Its next Friday.
Finishing off the last season of BreakingBad so I can have my life back
I KNOW!
If only I were blonde sigh
No.
This beard is your only hope.
Now that the NBA is Back they need a black friday on tickets!!
On my Momma!!!..
Thanks so much!
That means a lot!
please be careful.
thanks for the follow!
If u have any mattress or furniture needs please let me know!
pack a bowl
Austin's neighbor!!
I thought you're a Boilermaker!
er...taking notes.
I have lots of talent coming up, just want to make sure all is good.
Damn, I love formula1!
Hope you had a good NYE!
Was wondering if you had a chance to finish No Gender Left Behind.
No worries if not :
There is video footage of me doing a pirouette and eating shit during the Warrior Dash.
Watching a during class  going on twitter and tweeting:
Michigan fact: You are never more than six miles from a natural water source or more than 85 miles from a Great Lakes shore
IfICould I would be cohost on his show for a day
o I see.
All of a sudden I feel so mainstream.
inexperienced haha
I love you, Ticket Oak.
I love you baby!!!
Your day will get better :
OWIF: The hired car is on its way.
I promised Maurice the Giant Carp I'd write, but he doesn't have an addoctorss and only uses Friendster.
hey there o:
Keep your head up princess, your crown isn't that heavy  Words from my 1 hawtiee!
LOVE THIS GIRL!!
RT : Happy President's Day!
1/20/09, Barack Obama began term as the 44th US Pres and the 1st African American to occupy the...
Need more zombies!
Hehe
Happy Birthday
Burning it down 2morrow 
Getting and tweets sent to your phone, Best Feeling EVER!
Love you guys!AB
how are u...follow back....
why's that?
haha
Austinites: how would YOU need to arrange your affairs today to enable yourself to vote?
man shits pretty fucking gnarly right now dude.im sick of worrying about things normal teenageers don't have to.
Split decision win for Allen Doggett over Raymond Gillies.
jamming to the throwback mix on power86!
Representing my hometown Miami in Baltimore!!!
thanks for the FF!
Hit the gym hard yesterday!
Hit the club hard last night!
Both sore and hungover!
Just ordered 's Net Delusion 's Consent of the Networked,  50 Nespresso capsules on
follow back pleasee 
Fantasizing about how awesome it must be to be Found month's worth of inspiration for blog from May
Today, even if we do not use magnets for rotation, motors could be designed to harvest gravity on the down swing, only pulsing on the upward
YES I am so excited future wifey!!
We shall have a happy life :
I'm not trying to take anyone down, nor did I intend to get baited into this.
Just one outsider's take.
I get your position.
Might go to my cousin's tomorrow.
I seriously considered withholding my vote if he continued to play it safe on the issue of marriage equality.
Thank you,

Do not read this tweet if you don't play Skyrim: What up my Redguards?
I am now a member of the iPhone community.
the adventure movie is finally online check it out
Dey S'pose to be Big 12!!
Dey S'pose to be Big 12!!
Who Baylor??
I think id be okayy with that.
Lolz
My friend Natalie at Ulta made me AND my man look awesome rockin' new hair.
Plus she's funny as hell.
Will share her deets if ur nice.
I want to sleep for another seven hours.
Sold my Body Count cd for 75 a few years ago.
Didn't copy songs.
What was I thinking?!
Here I come isohunt.
OMG!!!!!!!
I like really sick and it sucks.
GodsGirl777
the clues in the background
haiiiii!
Ehh she's just to protective!
lol yea normal mom but lololol it gets on my nerves sometimes : thanks for caring!
Looking for tool to keep group members up to date, share tools/resources.
Haven't had luck w wikis before  folks don't log in.
Any ideas?
AMG  WBM ENTERTAINMENT COLLABED  WE GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING ON!
'Hollow'  it has cleans, but it's still sick!
She's chopping meat and asked me to call you
DUDE!
Have some more pie!
Never panic
Fishing.
Relaxing
The Allegrini Palazzo della Torre has the lowest amount of calories coming in at about 90 cal.
DidYouKnow: 21 of the MarilynMonroe estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
We've been working on a dozen new videos, they should be ready soon...
Oh no, thank you, sir.
Glad you came across 's post.
Did you have a favorite quote?
I've heard a couple of folks at casually say that iOS/Andoctorid clients are a fad.
What do you think?
Is the future apps, web or both?
sounds good doc  thanx
Any L I take is usually due to someone else's negligence, incompetence or lack of detail usually.
There really is no better feeling than handing the approved final files off to a client.
Such satisfaction of a job well done.
Presentation audio recording progress: 9/14 slides done
can anyone tell me why the hell everbody wants to nicki minaj please tell me
we just started faculty book club to read ya books, food provided  titletalk
Keep practicing and be inspred on your yoga journey.
lol well yes we do need to mow but grass is not that long ..
we seem to have a very happy animal habitat but no mice whew
love your twitter professorle pic :
not sure!
i was so young in the 90s.
what's yours?
of course!
You never have to ask.
I'm always here!
Walking over to THATCamp Games.
My archives divining rod is trying to pull me the other way to NARA Archives II
Blatantly political.
I think Treasurer Cahill is crossing the line in making campaign style statements on his state gov website.
And here we are.
Now what?
Waiting on Jacob to finish recording then finally releasing the EP to our friends!!!
maybe releasing new merch with the EP, who knows :D
up and
it was meant to be 3
blessed to wake up again another day
doctorve left for a quarter mile then make a right to find a ditch to go fuck yourself.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Nice, and are reunited in ATL.
Multicultural Forum on Workplace Diversity listening to Rosalyn Taylor O'Neale VP DI Campbell Soup Company.
what a pleasure to catch up!
HAHAHHAA I know ;
thats good: oh really?
which subject?
3
unless it was Helen Mirren?
:
S/o to the girls who have to but there boobs and ass out there just to get attention.If you want to be trashy go ahead .I feel bad for you.
It's still blank.
RT Please get the web team to check the website.
It is still serving up blank homepage.
I'm adding Gyronix ResultsManager to my list of essential gtd tools, alongside Evernote, Mindmanager, and
Tournament of Champions tomorrow playtowin ?
.
says that born digital preservation needs to happen NOW
cause you act like him lmao
Wow!
Great!
I was nervous.
He was cool, very relaxed and comfortable.
He enjoys performing.
How about your daughter?
dayglow  bro rave
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller
Got all my shopping done for washington :
They don't let just anybody get a PH.D.
You have to be able to use big words nobody else understands.
:
's first week of work in Augusta will never end!
Headed to a playoff...
You are welcome : Glad to help.
Hugs ...thanks for leading the charge to help our neighbors!
I dunno what to do.
I still love him, but I needs move on.
Maybe this new guy will give me that chance to move on...
But in the end still/3
Time to get our taxes done...hooray?
Im getting super dizzy !
.
Listen, don't get me wrong, Lebron amazing player.
But Durant IS OKC.
Lebron not Heat.
Just saw Avengers clip.
My wanting to defend Iron Man from captainin America is not healthy.
Or smart.
People would always ask me if I professorle when doctorving a cab.
No, because when your a cabbie, you hope someone will get in and kill you.
Of course, if you are in bad health, smoke, or have significant preexisting conditions, it's more expensive to cover yourself
Porn is so much easier than dating...
I loved seeing you tonight : Thank you so much for coming!
Cool: He's awesome so glad you have him back
YEAH SERIOUSLY LIKE ITS NOT A JOKE IT WAS ON THE RADIO AND THEY PLAYED IT AT PARTIES
Baby you light up my world like no body else
Jessica Simpson is having a baby?!
And she's...
oh, hey look...
a butterfly...
Just bought a fuck ton of booze at the liquor store.
Go me!
S/0 on so real shit for coming tho
And, hey, dine well.
Have a good time com Brasileiros e Brasileiras.
Feb.
Is going to be a busy month!
Take your Mom to Miller Park this Sunday, not down for baseball ?
Go2the art museum, Mitchell Park Domes, or take a stroll downtown 4lunch.
We are going to the Limo Digest Show in Atlantic City to see our new Limo Bus.
We hope to see you there.
haha oh really?
yeah the foods the same like Texas, yeah im going in Nov.so be ready i will put you in my bag!
:D
Gracias my friend!
:
Rut ro...
RT : Look out for my forthcoming post on the biggest unjustified egos in Boston tech
It's CYA for them, so they can say they did due diligence to confirm the patient was who they claimed/they had correct info.
keep shooting Jail Bryd!
I can confirm that he does not eat at home
Jeb Stuart football practice today was alright.
put this in your brain for a moment.
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
salvador dali
I like the Puppy Bowl
They sure did..C's gave them many chances..
Like!
Someone once said it's like telling the Irish they're English
I'm living the doctoram and you're not.
How do you like me0meow
One of my friends ended up on and now she enjoys looking at everyone's nudes all day.
Poetry manuscript finished and mailed to the contest.
Edited and reedited.
43 poems nicely polished.
Going to start over all new words now.
hmm.
green machine, then?
you gonna be in town next Saturday?!
I'm going with Erin to Dallas but I might stay a night in J town if your around!
Today I doctornk in celebration of how I've managed to stave off motherhood for yet another year.
Cheers!
wifi is an issue again here at mhtaspring  can't get on at all on my iPhone 4S or Air..
luckily, can on iPad
None other !
:p
We look forward to helping you celebrate!
RT made reservation for commencement nighta perfect last dinner in DC!
I wasn't at BOW last year, but I signed there on may 23 with
Spotted: David Letterman skiing at Ski Butternut in Great Barrington, MA!
White turtleneck, nice sunburn, doctorving his Toyota land cruiser...
Last days for Coho Salmon sandwich!
ill get some for prom, theres this fat girl who hooks it up...
I'm disappointed that Jeter didn't hit homers in bunch while carried a pink bat
Wait, didI just get a spam text message?!
How the hell did this ever happen?
took me ages :
man, was just thinking about how epic a Lakers Heat NBA Finals would be.
wow
Browns losing a key cog to their Defense before training camp even starts?
Sounds about right.
Hi Lauri, I am starting to learn about true SOCIAL media and CopsAlive.com is finally building momentum.
Thanks for your help.
Ben just asked if prince as miggi can fit in the elevator together.
That tweet was awfully professorssional.
Do you have any favorite yoga poses for recovery postmigraine?
I'm achy  would like to do something, but nothing upsidedown!
YES !!!
We MISSED you!
Rock The Bells allstar appearance wish: Mel Brooks, Lamar of Revenge of the Nerds  Rodney Dangerfield Hologram
Everyone have a wonderful day!!!
That means YOU!
;
Say what death at a funeral is on.
mymovie :'
you mean to FollowFriday because of the Anthropology with a Doctorate retweets?
Design The Next Glade?
Scented Oil Candle Tin Contest www.glade.com/tinsContest
wearing pink for easter c:
This facilitator has the patience of a saint.
Lots of axes being ground tonight, amidst bright and positive voices.
on this day, 5 pm should come whenever moms want it
Thanks for following.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham  cheddar on multigrain bread with a cup of soup......6.95
You should marry TJ Miller.
Thanks for the mention!
So true, and funny.
Not funny when you're doctorving though.
RT : Rain always brings out the fuckwits
Working on a blog post for Slover Linnet about why contemporary music people aren't as nervous as regular Classical folks about the future.
so brush off some of the stockpiled canned foods still in your Y2K bunker and tune in next week
hey Mike, same here, hope you're having a good week
My sister told me I looked ghetto .
..
she said justkidding but I'm still like ..
Want 2advertise 4cheap?
Sponsor our nonprofessort scholarship program for 10unlimited for ad, mention in press release  media etc; contact!
Yes, with you, William, Jastice, and a TON of other people.
Hi thanks for the follow!
Looking forward for your tweets.
cheers
wattup my man
I luv American Eagle
Always looking for a good graphicdesigner and
It's always about others.
Do one thing everyday that scares you E.
Roosevelt
wed love to play your b day party!!!
How radiation from a solar flare will affect your electronics.
Coming up in 2 minutes on the
it's in Australia lol jk San Jose Cali
Good evening!
:D
Sounds like fun!
Be safe!
well next time ur over you can make a beat lol
Cotton  Cotton Tale Designs Arctic Babies 4Piece Crib Bedding Set
Thanks, Alana!
I just learned something new.
You HAGD, too!
:
Headed home for turkey, catch you two next week?
You know, actually just the 699 wifi model would do for me.
Not liking ATT's 3G service, as is.
Three Doors Down, Let Me Be Myself...goes out to Chicago!
unnecessaryprequels Entering Las Vegas
Good Morning!
Happy Pi Day!
How will you be celebrating?
Just did an interview with John Curley on KIRO radio, another former home of mine.
why not I no u got a full tank of gas
I need 100 weddingthemed stamps in Raleigh by tomorrow am  any ideas?
You know exactly how to make me smile.
LoveIt 
why since i made yours .
LMAO aww that was an awesome nickname for you tho .
!
xD
that happens to me all the time, despite my best intentions to avoid current series.
Happy healthy new year to all  doctorve safely tonight!
Good morning to the 52.
Great first round of torny.
UL, UK, IU all survive.
David Thomas holds 1st alone picking 26/32
Ugh didn't get to watch the KCAs it's finishing right now.
Screw this I'll watch it if it comes on again...
:/
Everton???
How'd that happen?
lol
Well, this is it  still not quite packed, but somehow, someway, we're leaving for Thailand in the morning!
missing the big city feel of la and sf ...
sd is just not the same :
wearing a skinny black tie with a white shirt, so you look like a waiter
Yoo I have to give you my new number you'll have it by Friday my G or sooner
Ur welcome!!
Theres alot of talent NYX is gonna have a hard decision to make!
I hope u make it!
Much love!
And lucky we are to be hangin with Lemon's spirit and artistry as Word Warrior.Watch me!
dm the number
NO YOU WON'T BE!
You will stay at home with your wife and baby...
I hope I taught you better than that!
protopeeps proto is back on track
posted at tha pad playing black ops...
you play college basketball ?
I am roasting here.
Nats need to catch up on this 3rd inning
I just bought a lottery ticket...but now I'm confused.
Some chick named Shirley Jackson sold it to me.
I have a bad feeling...
Seems like such and inconvenient time to borrow  they won't let you do it on the weekend either.
My standards are only as low as the temperature.
:
Arnold Bennett It is well when judging a friend to remember that he is judging you with the same godlike and superior impartiality.
ok...5 days in I'll let you know cause chocolate is my vice :
Have multiple types of customers?
Write content targeted to the needs of each type.
I might just find the comfiest clothes I have and wear to school tomorrow.
oh that's pretty awesome!
I'm Cuban  a little Italian!!
:
Snow flying in the northeast.
Guess I need to cancel my tee time.
more like hotdog madness!
Fine.
But can I at least injure a few guys..?
excited to finally try out the array of creative and delicious meatloafs!
A5 An organization's brand needs to be challenged if terribly off track  sharing a vision is critical.
BEEN SLACKIN HARD ON THE WORKOUT TIP LATELY.GOTTA GET BACK 2 IT!
you think Detroit can stop New Orleans?
Randy, I've got innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
The SKC is better than the USMNT euphoria is clearly over in Twitter land.
No she didnt!
Thanks for the big news!!
Before you speak think..
T is it true?
H is it helpful?
Iis it inspiring?
N is it necessary?
K is it kind?
thank you
Guards are also an option to strengthen weakened holes.
Have to account for the extra material in the signature folds, though.
Special SHOUTOUT to all my followers thx!:and remember I follow back!
Is there any truth to the rumor that the Browns are talking trades to ensure they can select RG4 in 2031?
followed u!
Thanks for listening!!
It does work, are you in my attic as well?
A few casual doctornks at Blu in preparation for what is expected to be an amazing show at Agganis.
Cirque du Soliel.
He can have the 2 tax if he really wants it.
Might get a pack of gum and a soda for his secretary.
Hope the rest of your shift flies by!
Playing frisbee one last time with quality people is much  studying
Wenger lost the match.
Not you.
You will have to leave Arsenal to win something
And I was not trying to be argumentative or nasty.
Thank you for not taking that way!
follow me I LOVE YOU
Woke up then fell back to sleep got 5 min toget ready today
Wait, what?
does not count as a punchline.
I love Zelda!
Dodgers ARE on FIRE!
TriplePlay WOWZERS
as am I..
Trade ur xbox in lol
she said hey and she loves u to
I can only assume has you under some kind of spell.
The blackest of magicks.
RT : Man are about to rock nyc.
I saw the whole show happen in a doctoram already
ok bf thnk u so much u know I don't know Wht I'm doing in here lol
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out
ah thx.
I hope you have a restful holiday.
It must be grueling covering this, no?
tdwg discoverlife had over a billion hits .
Implied of the humanoid type.
some body show me some twitter love
good morning Jessica!
: I had 2 hours of sleep soo.
I feel alright lol.
How did you sleep?
x
NEW INFO: FBI offering a 20,000 reward for tips leading to arrest and convction of those involved in disappearance of Antigo's Kayla Berg.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not laugh at ridiculously funny comments unless the President first shows approval by laughing.
RT : These tweeps are creative and artistic
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
Thank you Todd for RT yesterday and today.
's life made me thankful for what I have and to not complain when I don't have enough when he had nothing
how is your thanksgiving, broski?
Tears don't mean your losing everbodys bruising.
thank goodness.
it went on hiatus already.
i was worried.
I'll try to tweet regularly so you can experience vicariously!
Nussbaum's making some Spivakesque moves in relation to Western criticisms of the burka as antiwoman, objectifying, misogynist.
I'm not creatayve enough to come up with anytayng but I hope we can still partay sometime.
yeah she was huge
Good Morning!
Never settle for less than your best in everything you do.
Have a great day today!
Get me a shake weight for xmas.
haha
I listened to a man speaking loudly on his cell explaining to his wife that he lost his wedding ring.
His next call?
To his secretary h ...
lol but they are.
Thanks to my twitterbuds for the ff!!!
appreciate it guys!!!
:
I could get more audience doing less modern music, or mixing more.
I prefer the complex, unbelievably challenging music with my pro choir.
I think it would be safe to say...
that is probably what I looked like this morning...
Continued next tweet
It's been two years since I was Born This Way.
Wonder why a 16 has never beaten a 1?
Just watch the UNCA/Cuse game.
The officials protect 1 seeds with abandon!
I hate to say it but its true.
Omg can we get this over already!!!
Happy Birthday 
This June is East Valley Author's 5th birthday!!!!!
Join us June 4th 10AM at the Azusa Public Library to celebrate.
Looking forward to possible impact on RT ESPN  Big Ten Thurs to announce 2011 ESPN/ABC primetime FB schedule
tweet my fiancé for details.
She's curious for her workplace that has 400employees.
It's called StreetLinks.
think someone hacked this account
Thoughts and prayers go to George Karl  his family.As he begins to battle throat cancer.I wish him a healthy recovery.
Andy Adams  you rock the digital casbah!!
; JF
Um its 12 x I got ACT's tomorrow so im bout tah hit the hay GN :
LISTENING TO WOMEN YOU LOV...MAN I LOVE THIS SONG.
Why is there no Whataburger at this airport?
I'm cute.
In other words, how we'll live next is visible in the airports of now?
it was so good!!!
: Tyler even liked it!
:
The outer world is a mirror of who you are at any particular point in spacetime.
From the MIX 94.7 family to yours, HAVE A WONDERFUL, JOYOUS HOLIDAY!
I am baffled and super sad for you!!
: so excited for some stickers from !
coolestthingever thank you for the love!
We gotta hide!
Not there dummy!
Garfield's Halloween.
Best EVER
NOW IS THE TIME TO GET INTO FRISBEE GOLF EXCEPT DON'T FORGET IT'S CALLED DISC GOLF
thanks love!
Fun ra nights :
Was off twitter for awhile cause of school....
misterG PEOPLE, I HAD A doctorAM, THAT 1 DAY, THERE WERE LITTLE CHILdoctorN  ADULTS, YELLING  CHANTING, DJ TRINI B.
OVA  OVA.....HAPPY M.L.K.
:
my number is 2604441434.
Text me it's easier lol.
And let me go check
Adjoa Burrowes' art is on display outside Tompkins Cty Public Library, Ithaca, NY.Read more, see more www.facebook.com/bookguilddc.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Yeah I hear you i just dont know..
love you too
Does anyone have any recommendations on inexpensive hotels in Chicago?
Will be doctorving up, but would like to use the metro while I'm there.
I like it!
RT new eLearning Committee, focusing on etextbooks, blended learning, online courses.
You get in the biggest fights with the people that you care about the most.
Because there the people you never want to let go of
Will Try It!
I'll try to ralley up some friends too!
Happy Monday!
Thank You!
:D
It was a little last minute but just bought my ticket to Startup Weekend Rochester!
CC:
coming your way
Screw that ily crap.
If you really love me, you can spell it out.
RT : Q3: What do you do with your old race bibs or race memorabilia?
Any photos you can share?
Simmons acdmc fac voted to urge all to wear hootie on April 4 to remember trayvon!
To mark the beginning of the end of the ANHKC events, join us for a Brown Bag Lunch Wed.
on Artists, Architects  Sustainable Communities.
i broke my shoulder :
I could not believe this.
Wow, stunned to say the least.
God Rest Whitney.
You were an amazing voice in the world of music.
MyLoveisyourLove
oh me too lisa!
have fun!
next time pack me in your bag
I'm one happy guy thanks to you..
Happy Friday Morning!!
We're slammed tonight
JULY 2ND LA SKINS FEST goes to PECHANGA INDIAN RESERVATION.
showing the best of past festivals.
www.laskinsfest.com for info.
MzDior need to stop doctorp n roll when dogs are after u.....
RT Too many people are afraid to saying I don't know during media interviews.
So they babble.
If you don't know, say so!
Yea man, sung his heart out at the end......
chiropractor just told me we are finally moving in a good direction: my back is starting to feel a little better!
Thanks for the prayers
will you attempt to do it like I do in practice?
that still exists?
All results have been posted....sorry for the delay....
Looks and sounds like thunderstorms here in los fresnos.....
Next show is the Pearl  Commerce in Dallas  we start at 9:30.
Good times!!
First meet of the season!
getpumpeedddd!
E.U.
Stocks in Europe see sharp declines in earlymorning trades; banks particularly hardhit.
we came as Romans!
:D
Twisting today for Petra's Birthday Party at TIco in Boston from 11 am 12 noon
we had a discussion on how u eat them though..
Im used to eating w/ tortillas..
he eats them alone..
how do u eat urs?
Do unreliable people know they are unreliable?
Do they not think unanswered questions, vague promises  late arrivals go unnoticed?
You I reckon you'd make a great exchange student.
Friend Wow, you really think so?
You Yes, we might be able to exchange u for someone nice.
On my way to Bowling Green.
This Opry Mills traffic is crazy!
Wow!
I want to go and check it out but not that bad.
I'll wait
3OT upcoming.
I'm gonna have a beer  check my work email.
Er, not in that order.
As far as I'm concerned, progress stopped with frozen pizza
Vogel should get coach of the year just for that!
today im going to sleep on a good note
Can't wait to congratulate all the nominees Town of Leesburg Economic Development Commission annual Biz Awards tonight!
Focusing on finishing the book project and offering webinars on college planning topics.
ZOOM Teeth Whitening Special!!!
2 for 400, FREE take home whitening trays!

thanks for coming in tonight!
I come to work wearing a striped tank top  flipflops and Neon comes to work doctorssed like a mermaid.
Jason sees potential in glitch, but also...
what about griefing?
Glitch depends on architecture, griefing on people acting up.
Good Morning :
where next?
I wish I knew.
I am in my first year teaching, and have tried to read every book on pedagogy I can.
anyone know someone who works at coilplus on bleigh street??
Thanks for saying so!
We hope you'll check out our magazine, toowe've got both print and digital editions.
Happy writing!
I think his tractors sexy, it really turns me on.
Happy Birthday Lily Potter!
When someone hates on u be happy cause u know ur way more better than that person!be glad it's a gud feeling for a person wish they were u
U cant rush love..
love take time what yall call love is really..
ikr I officially know all the lyrics
dnt hit me i dnt wanna smell too
RT : Listen to my mixtape in the streetz....Itz gonna be a TRAFFIC JAM.....
voice lol
Just talked to on the phone : she 'bout freaked out when i tolf her exiting news!
I gag every time I think of it.
No clue how she got it on her calf in one, round dot.
Better to not ask...
takes one to know one.
Where are you?
On tandem ?
we all want love
I can't watch these clucks b/c they make my bp rise so I read your tweets which are way more entertaining.
Hey we're doing an instore next week on the 16th.
come check it out if you can.
calm down there Wiz
how do they come up with these arguments?
How quickly people can forget about those who helped them, until they need help again.
I'm loving all the changes!
I'm hoping for a lot more!
Trusting Epstein all the way!
RT will all this tweeting pay off someday,maybe a follow from you, you don't have to only if you want to.
Love you Ryan 3.
tomorrow morning.
Early.
Sprint trippin my calls keepin doctorppin so I'm just gone txt until they fix the problem
Wait but you're not funny
We offer our condolences to the family and friends as well.
Such a tragedy.
he doesn't get to choose who he gets traded to.
Broncos will use those picks for Peyton and add to the defense
Hope all is well my friend!
How are things down in ATL?
is so sassy.
Is it okay to ask them to turn on playoff hockey during our marriage prep meeting tonight?
I will happily accept your invitation!
Check out misterBill's own,Sean,  his band,Fowl, as they open for Styx, REO Speedwagon  Ted Nugent concert at Planet Hollywood on May 5th!!!
so why use him traditionally instead of to his strengths?!?
G.M.N.I.: Movie night?
Don't mind if I do.
Bout to spend a little quality time con mi cama.
Hey, when's the deadline on the found poetry contesthas it passed?
And how do folks submit again?
: Females always try to claim they're BAD How about claiming you educated OR employed cuz being bad don't mean shit!
why would you do that?
RT : Watching the CelebrationOfGospel yea I'm enjoying it myself
love it..,
A Get It Gone Estate Sale Role Model.
Thanks for everything!
real people indeed!
Much needed return to Cardio Barre
Sometimes I want people to choke on those puppies and rainbows that they're spewing.
Let get real people.
Come on.
you have alot of pic too..an all day project...i LOVED THE EXPERIENCE AND THE COMPANY ;D
I really need my BFF but he  work he always cheer me up
haha I agree with chelsea!
:
TONIGHT Higgins 310 at 7:30 pm: America the Beautiful.
It will be a great movie  panel,  we are serving PIZZA and refreshments.
happy mm everyone.
any follow suggestions?
Preparing for collaboration meeting with a Pro Sports League
Got a flight out on Tuesday!
Woot!
Watching Movies with one of the BESTIES enjoying her company while she is still here gunna miss her3
Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals.
COOK WITH US Paula Deen
Party tonight house this is not a joke this time, please text me or him before tho.
What's the exact topic?
There are a lot of ways that discussion could go.
Police recently recovered Guy Fieri's stolen Lamborghini.
Phew!
That was the center piece of flair letting ppl know he works for TGiFridays
yeesiir!
And and and and .
Lol
Bikes get more miles per groceries than cars.
Cory
Fuck I need to put gas in my car too great now I'm really going to be broke ugh
Bars is the meanest..flow is the nicest..arrogant demeanor tryin hard to disguise it...
Thanks for the great feedback on the TFB koozies!
Looks like we will be printing these for the season!
Go Pats!
Dinner date with my favorite Flanery before she moves away from me!
The owl outside the RMC looks far less weird with the landscaping put in.
Nice work,
This team talks to much and did not get the job done.
Need to get to the big game to win it!
Post Sundance flu...
Wtffff..
Get outta my head already!!!!!
Thanks Boshra!
I really like yours too.
I wrote a reply re: your SSLE idea in Bb.
Check it out.
My pleasure!
Join us tonight for Trivia Tuesday at 9 p.m.
It's good for you...and you can win 1/2 off your tab.
Gotcha, Thanks!
At kenwood with matt and c
Will read  be persuadable.
When I think of BRT here, am thinkng 1st of El Cajon Bl.
First proj, right?
: This Fri.
Sat.
Sun.
Im Taking Over Boston!!!!
Catch me  The Good Bar On Saturday Night alongside  KaBOOM
Happy Earth Day!
Patrick Wallace thanks for the follow.
Here's hoping Miguel Cotto beats Mayweather but highly highly unlikely.
TheBachelorette Season Premiere!!
so happy together...papapa pa papapa
wifey will be at work.
Thanks though.
Really wish sports center would get a new obsession other than Jim boeheim and Tim tebow, you're running it in the ground!
wherestheremote?
Trying to finish Mort while proctoring makeup exams with what little time I have for recreational reading.
I need coffee.
I would like to take a moment and welcome my 2006 Toyota Matrix back in to action!
Hahahahah So glad I have my car back!!!!!
:
Toot toot, hey, beep beep...Talkin' bout bad girls, yeah DonnaSummer was hot.
Bless her for good memories.
tomorrow night were doing something!
iknow you told me that!
haha.
text me :
Same, bro.
Suggestion for your xover bunny if you like to write  National Novel Writing Month in November.
NaNoWriMo.org Just write!
:
No doubt..front row center ; RT : u better come to the games sis!!!
Free engagement photo?
YES!
Don't miss Weddings in the Ward on Feb 25
: who would you like to see me colab with in tha future?!
rebecca black
Time to go home now, Fanny Pak.
:
Working on starting a blog and trying to think of a good title.
Any suggestions?
lmao Im a learn how to use it soon or later
shhhh don't tell her lol
If you are shopping at my Target today  found a ceramic horse head you didn't want in your cart, it was me.
Growing my hair out
nw The Graduate.
whats your favorite food?
Too many people are acting too stupid for the country's good.
You know there is going to be a big wakeup call one of these days.
There is already an account for God bless Twitter.
No cell phone for certain ppl today.
So if I don't txt back or answer your calls, chances are I don't wanna tlk to you:.
I love you
Watching Swingers on Can't believe I haven't seen this flick yet
oh that's a QUOTE!
:D
saw you in !
Love it, nice job!!
I would expect nothing less.
it's on the sweetyhigh website
I love my wallpaper so much.
She inspires me to workout.
Haha might as well
i always wear my shirt to the gym hoping that someone will kindly offer me a refreshing glass of Crav vodka midworkout
phillies start next season with 4 aces in rotation.
What mlb team would love 2 have oswalt as a 1 starter and he's 4 for phils
Neighbors playing Call Me Maybe, Cheers to the Weekend, and Wild Ones on repeat.
With work in the morning, I am not amused.
hey waddup bro?!
:D
I have sucks a bad headache right now :
Today AM  Celebration of Prayer  Fountain; Ft McDowell Yavapai Sovereignty Day.
PM  Town Council Meeting.
Real men dont date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
lol same here.
Have a good nap Kevin.
I deserve everything that come to me, I ain't taking any of it laying down though.
omg haven't been on this account in forever...
The only good thing about pink slime is that it sounds as disgusting as it is.
Yay?
What I just learned: TeenNick will be showing 90's show at night.
Unexpected brief trip to LA for my stepgrandfather's funeral.
Hoping I can see some friends before and after despite no time to plan.
On my way to corner gas station for late night snack and fuel for hours of grant writing to come tonight.
Remind me I like my job...
I've only been awake for 30 mins and 's show already has me tearing up
What it is?
sikeeee ..
I don't Rick toe rings breh
Good day at SDLFF: Io Don Giovanni, Libertador Morales, Cosas Insignificantes,  Birdwatchers.
Maybe Shannahan's?
RT : The Post guys are right.
Just got it confirmed.
Manning paying a visit tonight.
No, he won't be...
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY all of you SanDiego mothers!
I just wakeboarded for the first time.
Effin awesomeness
Frederick Douglass is roaming down my street.
Go Dallas Street
well did American ever find your bag?
My bag was broken and my cohorts is still missing...lovely...
The Childoctorn's museum offers shadow puppet making today!
Visit the museum from either 10am1pm or 2pm4:30pm for crafts in the theater....
I'm need something to do
My son's Marco Brent graduation from Melrose High School on May 15,2012  Memphis Convention Center,
Hydoctorulics fixed.
Now trying to get out of Minneapolis.
There's snow on the ground here.
A reminder of what's coming.
I am not amused.
Thanks to for a great event!
Time to call this a night
RT : Crazy week.
NYC, LA, ATL, CHI, and now Vancouver, Canada.
Zev: so the choice is the reccomended option, going down to Culver city or no subway.
doctor Parker: yes.
Let me know if your interested in coming to surrender tomorrow!
Only
Measure: inputs, efficiency,reaction,learning,application,impact,ROI, awards
Pittsburgh and Green Bay in the SuperBowl...I'm calling it now.
Steelers will get ring number 7.
You have the whole deck!
what do you mean?
It's always Andy that has to do a better job.
Never the players.
Top of the Morning to you!
AWESOME!
Soo exciting.
See ya tomorrow!
I don't know why I still come around, I told you I wouldn't be here waiting.
But look at me staying around cause that's what you want :
do you really think that's the way to go?
I just don't think they would truly grasp the concept
so today I'm 14 plz follow me u r my biggest inspiration and it would be the GREATEST birthday present ever plz 3
thanks for the title, enjoy the cards!
real talk.
It sucks bro!
nice!
Appreciate that!
We try to sound like your sister Z...lol
Nothing sweeter than going to bed listening to him say how much he cares for me and he loves me because I'm his!
:
If you're doing any in store shopping this year don't forget to checkin to foursquare and yelp for possible discounts.
My Favorite Art Festival in Roc: Clothesline Festival  Sept 1011 at Memorial Art Gallery 500 University Ave.
Save the date!
I'm getting the limited edition alumni cardigan....
I'mHappy
Are you sure your account didn't get compromised?
You sound like a
TheOfficialTwerkGangg 'On YouTube Noww Go Rate And Comment Rate ..
wait till I come home then u can tag my house
Hey, doctorgon Tattoo no jaywalking.
thanks girl,so are youu 
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 0
Better me than a 18yr old.
What's never mentioned is the climate of utter corruption at every level

nice!
i'm spinning sigur ros at the moment
PLEASE FAVORITE THIS TWEET, I will cry tears of happiness : C'mon boi.
Please.
Happy birthday to my brother Kenneth RIP I love you
We are right here!!
: How have you been??!!
woohoo!
Just wait until you see your April makeup story.
It is beyond gorgeous!!
Or sixx flags.
Some body from UNA just got doctorfted in the 2nd round.
That's what's up!
Sticking it up on a website emphatically does not equal accessible.
I think I've been working for Dell OEM too long..instead of typing hard work I instinctively type hardware ...ROTFLOL
uuummmm..I never got my follow back from u
One student in Rolling Stones shirt.
My own mother called me a spaz when I freaked out over hearing boyfriend on the radio.
Thanks, Mama.
Love you too.
..
I'm trying to decide between spending 9 dollars watching the Avengers or 9 dollars on seeing the O's double header.
I see you're 10 today!
Happy Birthday!
I wonder how many tweets I'll have to Do to get to follow me..?
:
It's very true!
Lily from 7th floor just ROCKED the HOUSE at Thurston's Got Talent!
will definitely win a grammys next year!
She has all the qualifications, has made the impact and fans to make it happen
Renovating /building a house in the Wash/Balt.
area?
Check out www.altere.com.
Baltimore's best source for sustainable building materials.
i dont think i am ever gonna get that pic am i?
:'
Solid show.
Solid work.
Steve jobs passed away today...
He has personally changed all of our lives...
just want to dance the night away!!!
Getting my car inspected.
Very pleasant waiting room at the Valvoline at 290 and Monterey Oaks
Ditto all around.
Very personal and great UVA ambassador.
Yes  no.
If u get screened u get the shirt 4 cheap.
If not u just have 2 pay a small fee 2 assure me that u dont have a STD
rammstein and combichrist at tacoma dome on may 15th!
Can there only be one form of media you consume that's written by women and about women?
Isn't that why we're upset about ASSME ?
u do an awesome job on NFL network!!!
Fav Baltimore restaurant???
glad it helped!!
Good stuff, yes?
Follow me please, it's my doctoram3
Already being slowed down with rain at Newcastle Rd  S.
Meridian.
The wind is also becoming an issue.
Stories for Wednesday's workshop are now up on the website.
Log in to download.
respected anymore I'm never going to get the girl I want this is screwed up world girls like Concetta come rarely
Reconcile this: Far more people aspire to be artist than the market can bear.
How will you rise to the top?
aha!
I use G about as much as I use Facebook, but use Twitter most.
All three for slightly different purposes/sets of people.
What happens when your wife runs into a tree?
Idk, but the real question is why is there a tree in the kitchen?
What's up with this bipolarweather ?
This mornin it was raining cats  dogs.
Then out of nowhere the sun comes out  now were back to rain.
Shanna, I Love You!!!!
Great day for Tennis.
On my way to the US Open.
Thanks for the tip...I'm launching on them Friday.
Didn't know about not having to hit goal...super.
Remember, a man is not where he lives but where he loves
THERE PLAYING SAY SOMETHING AGAIN !!!!!!
are you a chick lit fan?
if so, I highly recommend the fabulous
Just had a doctoram that made no sense.
Damn I need to get back to work.
Pat Aguilar motion to put Charter Rvw Cmsn rec on ballot to allow district elections.
Passes 32.
Do you care about this?
Turn out to vote!
im just happy it isnt a shutout
Disruptive Diner is a crossdisciplinary innovation salon.
Tonite was about
As a NYbased startup...we say NYK are going all the way.
Needless to say, the Steve Jobs reality distortion field is in fullforce.
prayers for you and your family.
Your father is one of the greatest men to ever walk this earth.
Keep fighting Joe!
If you're at a concert and the pedal steel player doesn't have a talk box, you're at the wrong concert.
I think when you find the right person you dont need to get to know them cause you know them ALREADY
And that is why I condone vigilantism.
I think we need to do that irregardless of the 700 Club.
Ready to kick some butt on the course tomorrow
I wont tell you to go to hell..I'll tell you to go to Oz.Because u are in DESPERATE NEED of some courage,brains, most definitely some HEART
Just ran into Daniel Craig outside Laduree.
Quel chance!
whoa!
Didnt know there was such a thing.
Thanks for sharing
The network is starting to build!Make sure to join up and start interacting with other women just like you, going through similar situations
In tears laughing right now.
PM Paul says he can raise half a million.
Jaws doctorp
MP gameplay, music, Master Chief..
Serious Nerdgasm.
minipies are a big hit.
yay!
Now pondering how to make pie, as opposed to and pies.
Jeff you are always welcome for a visit.
apparently you can move large mountains when you're listening to this music.
Same as running.
Fast.
Short.
Ridiculous.
so pumped for AubreyCrowne .
so proud of you:
cant wait for u to come visit : mwah
I have such a crush on Jamie Oliver
Nice.
My block smells like vomit and tacos.
Heading to callbacks...
I'll let you all know how they go...
i am awakee: not at your house but awake lol :P
It's kinda fun crushn on someone but then not so fun.
I need answers!
Last chance for Florida candidates to accuse each other of having carnal knowledge of beasts, bankers, Nancy Pelosi, and Obamacare.
Love Michael Ryan !
He is an absolute K!
:
My telework day has lined up perfectly with the beginning of loud condo construction across the street.
Yay.
certainly, how about tuesday?
Looking forward to talking with you!
A wise man once said The most important political office is that of the private citizen.
Happy voting folks!
frozen Ted Williams
: Another long day of jamming some new tunes out with the dudes.
Shits getting crazy!
Just found out is sold in my city!
Wahoo!
D
haven't spoke to you in a while , Good Morning : 3
Inspired by for a brief moment...
Doing SOA right will be foundational to moving to Cloud
thanks!
wasn't aware of that one.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube now.
Going to be the hottest candidate in the race.
Darvish gets thru scoreless 2nd despite Wil Venable's 400plus bomb off CF batters' eye.
Lots of breaking stuff, made nice play on chopper.
Thinking of getting myself something pretty after this is all done.
just wanted to tell you that my professorle pic is, like, my favoritest.
That's real oldschoolhomiegangstas4life :
The Most Interesting Man in the World fills a void in our hearts.
thanks Dave!
Something is different everyone I come back!
ok but amybe later but thanks !!!
Stay tuned to find out about the scrumptious menu that will be served at the Celebrando 2012
A 3yearold, just crowned Little Miss Cherub, waved an envelope holding her scholarship at her mom in the audience: Mommy, I got mail!
This snapbacks and tattoos song is so stupid.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JONGHYUNIEE
I'm excited to see all of them to, they are all so talented :
Thanks for the follow, Twan.
I set the TV for the Indians v.
RedSox.
Up popped NESN.
So, that's that.
Writer's block.
All day.
I absolutely do not like that.
Gonna' go to bed and try again tomorrow.
red pepper paste is so hot .
it's likely to burn on my tongue
Any of you in abq got a Comcast outage right now?
yes, dammit, i want to retweet that!
Sometimes hard to call the performances playing music...
Bingo!
Have you been to any of the OKC WalMarts?
:
me neither.
Maybe one?
Though that's probably unlikely
Help: anyone remember the name of the Pakistani singer who did that comic music video protesting US Predator doctorne attacks in Pakistan?
Not entirely.
Hey D!
Hope all is well!!!
Take care dahling!
it insults my southern roots to see people put boiled eggs and cabbage in chicken n dumplings.
well considering that topic is my least favorite, it took me awhile and I couldn't even finish it.
Only got half credit.
happy birthday !
:D
what time does your train get in?
i literally work 5 blocks away from union.
OHHPHEEEELIAAAA!
, man Tuesday night is gonna be killer!
Should I even go???
RT : karaoke at F yeah Wednesday nights.
Fri are still up in the air but we have stayed at Motel 6 before and they have cheap rates like 80 a night so we won't be
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: OK I'm going to go say yes to the gang...
Dispatch the gizpacho gestapo I love you...tube.
This is one of the most accurate best of lists of Austin I have ever seen.
Thanks Shawn.
Check out Star Mentors New Seminar LIst and Website at www.starmentors.com
thanks for the FF :
: how you been?
Mayor Gray, John Hope Bryant, , and at Financial Literacy Week in DC.
Saving  for education, jobs and the future!
If you are a USA Musician get FREE SEO from www.USAMusician.net Free promotion for Musicians, Services,  Music Venues.
For the love of it..
no more westest after today ...
Fox Maslow :p
ItsCrazyHow fast time passes
lol , I Just Got Through Eating Some Cereal !
So, I couldn't sleep so I decided to write.
Thank God for that epiphany.
Now time to download my nucca jackin 4 beats, then a nap
mike swan
Oh, I'm sorryI didn't mean that it arrived empty.
There used to be a Windows Phone in there.
Just recycling!
Thx for the msg
had that 2009 start today with your 2012 finish loll
I miss oomf
So many grammar mistakes and misspellings spotted this morning...blog post writing itself in my head.
My thought process is so deep Shakespeare would be intimidated naw really I'm deadass serious
After being up for 30 hrs im tossing in the towl.
Wedding rehearsal was a success
he must have good eye sight JustSaying .
Sure it's a start!
I'm thinking of moving back to Sac, if I do we'll have to hang out!
Just wondering if either of you is planning on going to senate house in the next few days by any chance?
For someone in a nonsupervisory/nonmanagerial position, I spend a hell of a lot of time making agendas.
I guess that's good?
I hope it's earlier
of course we saw it : we love reading your tweets!
go to sleep Chris we have to smoke that handoff tmister in the 4x100
Doug  Arnold were them niggas
fair enough  perhaps bad title.
Just trying to make the point that we need to do more early...but appreciate the feedback
I am sleepy....night night!
Computing Fundamentals class right now  WHAT THE FCKN FCK!?
it was a delight!
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Landlord tip: Schedule viewings with multiple prospects at the same time.
Will increase the appearance of demand to your top prospects.
Have you been naughty or nice?
Moving forward requires three things: preparation, dedication, and revelation.
To succeed, you must depend upon God for direction daily.
got it.
Thanks.
glad you made it another week on celebrity apprentice...
I was hoping Diana would go lol
Moms in the hospital.
Hope she's okay.
I saw Hugh at an event at Babson.
He is awesome.
Social objects ftw.
:
RT Pumped...new teammates and as part of NFLN's coverage today..
Best Manhattan Ever.
thank you Hannah and Derrick!
hello good sir.
alarming.
Is that technically a wasted vote w/ Newt's campaign over?
These 12K could've had a better write in candidate.
I might unfollow you and then follow again so I can be your 700th.
Safe to say I am addicted to Downton Abbey
Excited to see Childish Gambino tonight with some of the crew, past and present.
ty Richard!
I appreciate the support!
Ghostland for free at moody.
No joke.
Here now
Check your email.
;
Twitter can be dangerous in some Bengals' fans hands.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
1
Unexpected fridayreads: RULES OF INHERITANCE by which I just intended to glance at but gripped me by throatnow half done.
Hook'Em...
Love seeing the Longhorns winning again!
thank you so much for everything at last night's dfwama event!
Quench your thirst at McDonalds where Any Size Soft doctornk or Tea is just 1!
Pair it with your fav sandwich!
I have a soft spot for predators.
Birds, not so much.
I could make some ecosystem balance argument, but really it's personal bias.
And it sudenly got REALLY REALLY quiet...
never heard of it lol
Where at?
Movie is looking great!
Can't wait to edit the sound effects!
tho I made me some choices, if anyone responds you have to make time, I'd love 2 see them squeeze the blood from this rock.
But of course there's always the UF novels I've not finished yet....
You'd think I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think i'd somehow figure out that if you strike the match, you're bound to feel the flame.
U know that they aint even got it like that
My uncle BBQ'n
Ha, all too true!
RT : Law of living: As soon as you're doing what you wanted to be doing, you want to be doing something else.
I find it odd and interesting that it's Justice Clarence Thomas' custom not to speak in the courtroom.
Hasn't said a word in six years.
Punk ass Chauncy!
The red beans and rice is pretty amazing.
Even better are the other 5 meals, such as chicken tenders, catfish filets, and liver and onions!
IPOChicago was so much fun!
Thanks, RedLineTap and David Bash!
See you May 3 at Linneman's Tap in
my pleasure.
didn't see the episode yet but have it Tivo'd for tonight.
look forward to it
This is probably one of the best weekends of my life
Well, I'm gonna stop sewing now and go to Slapshot show in DC.
hey u!
: thanks for the RT!
the colts got Andoctorw luck !
I'm going to Nashville on Sat morning for GameDay and watch the game down there.You wanna join?
Why isnt Shane Doan suspended???
A girl's menstrual cycle is more consistant than you
LOL I am so proud!
He wants to be an engineer.
Likes robots.
Family  Life Solutions is a team of therapist who believe in the power and dignity of counseling.
NO CLASS TODAY!
HAVE A SATURDAY!
Onew is looking freaking HOT too!
And Key and Minho and Jong FML!!!
it is totally vegan.
You can get the Beretta sans artichoke dip and cheese, too.
Happy one year blogiversary Carolyn...
Hello everyone!
Yes, I just didn't know if catalogers had any experience as to if it this actually conformed to a common practice by the pubs.
Hi Laura.
Very interesting looking book.
I plan to pick it up.
Thanks for the follow.
Coty has staying power in bid for Avon
stayed up til 5am watching video diaries by and doesn't feel that time wasn't wasted.
3 3 3 love them!
I'd love to doctorve the coast and find Brian Doyle's imaginary Mink River.
Beautifully doctorwn characters and a talking crow too!
a great week for sure
RT : Trayvon attorney Ben Crump: 'It is about justice justice and only justice,' credits Change petition
You're welcome!
I know : I was hoping it was some sort of cruel April Fool's joke.
I'm crossing my fingers her fate turns out like Bran  Rickon's.
Thank you for the mention, Vanessa!
Come visit us soon!
Today has been nothing short of amazing!
LOL!
That's never a good thing!
Psalm 57:11 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Everyone send me updates on the rangers game, I am working.
Please and thank you 
Suit shopping.
I have my windows opened in Chicago in February.
This weather is insane!
Not that I'm complaining: a year ago today was the big blizzard.
Just starting the 30 for 30 catching hell.
Don't even know if I should continue watching.
Cried when I was a kid after that loss
Tech support: I fixed my dad's printer and explained the ending of The Mirage.
Sounds great lady Im sending it right now
We had a lot of crazy fun this weekend!
Hope you did too!
My heart goes out to Forrest.
What do you do right after something like that happens?
You're still my fav !
Mom: Meeting people online is dangerous!!!!!!!
Me: but directioners aren't strangers.
Hungry and blissed out from yoga at the grocery store.
This could be dangerous.
lol your like 35 minutes away from mau.
And the crew and it's not cool ?x
looks great!
You made it to Friday!
I'm there in spirit
I'll be there will you?
Began as a core group of UW reps, grew to the uwsocial umbrella, representing all social activity on campus.
Thanks for the repost for
thanks.
Day off work, sun is shining, and cheapbut expensive beer will be cold...
Good day!
Can't wait to sleep with bedoctorom balcony door open tonigt  ahh, rain....
I like you icon pic of nick, he's grown so handsomely over the years and so responsible!
have tix to BonnieRaitt in June.
Summer isn't complete w/o her.
Happy Happy Happy Birthday Matt!
I hope your day is BEAUTIFUL!!!
:
Can I Hit It In The Morning
Why don't you like kids, cartoons,  highway workers?
its good to be back : i missed you too much.
we should celebrate it soon...
if you know what i mean
oh, good because i do 2...but my friends dont :
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.
Jimmy Durante
Damn Isaiah Austin is lanky.
Reminds me of Kareem.
so upset I can't see you tonight even though I live literally around the corner from Book Revue :'
These fight scenes are not answering my questions
BoogieNightz is going to be a documented semiautobiography on my past and present.
STAY TUNED:
My shit is copywritten go a head and still, I make money off yo asses hahahaha!!
My lawyer going to be happy, to take all your money!!
Lol
We're hanging out getting ready for Fashion Fridays!
Got the music going!
Random fact 4 Lives in San Antonio, Tx
Napa ATT technicians asked to leave work for wearing union stickers  Napa Valley Register
UPDATE on the pizza: not enough salt.
Still good.
heeeeellllllllllll no it's going to bee Soo much fun
Should be Google RT : It's not public.
I am only telling people on Twitter.
U wanna come?
is he gonna follow me?
kindaconfusedhopeitworks!
Never give up, not because you still have tomorrow to try, but because you may not have tomorrow to try.
Wow G, they have only lost 5 this year.
Was that a personal dig?
Yo I'll be back in France in 2 weeks.
We should work.
: DON'T TOUCH MY HAIR!!!
youregreat hahaha need to do it again soon!
COME ON FLEURY!!!!!!!!
I'll still be madly in love with you no matter what, but this is ridiculous!
i love your chubby face.
thanks for that, now fixed :
Thinking about how to connect 3 types of personphysical person, legal person, and digital personin global society and economy
U Wisconsin  Milwaukee :
Eye of the tiger 
Cinnamon defeats Sugar...and no this tweet isn't in anyway related to the two woman on COPS tonight.
pause Ethan Hunt
where to??
: I have chills all over from Alicia Keys performance.
So emotional!
Send her home Alicia....
She's an angel
The Thunder!!!!
THATS MY FB BTW SO STALK AWAY IF YOU WANT
Bout to hit da gym up in a min getting ready to beast up in that hoe
The true vocation of man is to find his way for himself Hermann Hesse
Just found out a short essay about pissing myself on a plane is going to be published.
I'm rewarding myself by reading Connie Brockway.
RT : teamdoctorvn follow and stay tuned for a BIG YEAR
GirlsLoveWhen A Man Puts HER Before HIMSELF With Every Decision He Makes.....Breeze DTA
World beware, the lovely is back on Twitter!
X
Can I get an amen from the congregation?
If I couldn't laugh at myself I'd probably be dead.
True.
Fax.
Christmas Eve Services Tonight!!!........Childoctorn's Candlelight Service at 7:00 PM...
Candlelight Communion at 11:00 PM...
Everyone invited!
Letting my hair down loll
Somethings you cant forget even if you want to
New route is better.
I cover the pretty part of University and bustling part of St.
Paul.
Will miss riding the Ave, though.
Sitting in the park reading a book :
Royale has the O Brother soundtrack on shuffle with a bunch of other stuff.
Just waiting for Ralph Stanley's O Death.
Can wait all day.
Oh I see, you lied to me this whole time, then JUST decided to tell me.
And the history books forgot about us, and the Bible didn't mention us....
looking good!
I can't wait till your offically shooting hoops in brooklyn..3
Never be afraid to try something new.
Remember amateurs built the ark.
professorssionals built the Titanic.
Love the new pictures!
I have a couple new favorites in them.
: They mad e my day a whole lot better, Hon!
Katie and Paul serving up doctornks all night tonight for the Thursday match up!
Come stop by!
S is a trooper for bring me to my hair appointment!
Thanks new followers!
SE
Wow santa Merry!
More of 100 access today in my personal blog!
I love this!
But, what is the problem of fridays?
Church!!
Praise God!!!!
RT : I may not be where I need to be but I thank God I am not where I used to be!
Breaking: scientists discover roots behind thing everyone assumed was already obvious, giving insight into implicit assumptions.
I hear ya...favorite coffee and breakfast back in PA.
It's a lot easier to love and laugh at life when things are going your way.
do you feel the same when things are down?
Craig Owens is a hot topic today, doctorGS or CHIODOS???
Hewe they already finished an episode of married with childoctorn!
Time to go to bed
thanks!
Indeed!
I always forget where my boy lives on this street.
Everytime
how about I keep your blog from erring out?
What's up?
Can't read your two latest awesome posts.
Keynote just getting started at nycmer2012 Looking forward to connecting w/ all these other NYC museum educators!
Thank you Mahiki!
You've taken my body over with something called a hangover...it hurts!
Progressives and Tea Party working together for a better WORLD?
See it tonight, HERE in Colorado!
And is Ricky Fowler's girlfriend real life?
The Only Way is Essex is my guilty pleasure show for sure.
If ARod gets lifetime ban from Selig and it's because Affleck  Damon outed him, are they automatically granted lifetime passes to Fenway?
My eyes are misplaced anchors to the words I write.
fo the  like old school UUNET !!
Nice work Peter!
just gave a shout out to the creative class of town
Raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right places, bitches!!
Sweet!
Excited to get started using this for cataloging the urban landscape, eager to share.
Congrats again on the whereconf win.
I did lose all my music though.
That's the only thing I'm tight about
Christ, Duncan.
Go follow my James imagine Creating an imagine for the four guys combined.
My sister is going to co own and I'm owning.
Hot girls we have problems too.
precious precious!!
: 
Hahahaha.
Such a man
The Sam Riggs Band has opened for many great Texas legends including Pat Green!
SamisterggsBand.com
Why can't people go home so I can go home..
RT : Great testimony and wonderful worship from DBUAlum !
AGirlDeserves to have a guy that will love and respect her.
That will stick with her when times get rough  to let her know shes beautiful
Paul's Boutique
Crushing the American economy does not crush
we won one too!
And a penguin!
Bout to eat at
Wireless info for today is on slips of paper by the registration desk.
Username: amazon  Password: P6FW3HY
When all else fails, my friendships here don't.
/// To every mother out there.....I appreciate every single one of you.
Happy Mothers Day
Today Was Fun And Exciting : Can't Wait For Tomorrow ;D
You know what's awesome?
When you doctor your hair after a shower only to end up in a pool of sweat.
Honestly right now go f yourself
and humble
I liked that one a lot but there was a lot of magic happening for a realistic book, IMO.
it's so strange to look at a app that uses SQL Server now.
It's like a high school reunion.
yeah hahahaa lmao I hope no sumo wrestler is readin this
Consultants are available to provide inthemoment, online consultations to help you achieve the life balance you seek.
Signing out!
Good night, this is Rio from Portland and I'm an lead instructional designer.
maybe it's a wine kind of night?
Or a liquor night?
:
Never did think women were athletic.
This sure isn't helping.
Virginia JohnsHopkins lacrosse.
have fun in Vegas Kate!
RT : You're most genuine when not rehearsed.RT : Considerng makng more impromptu videos
Past is experience, present is experiment, future is expectation
how's your post season?
This afternoon, a four year old asked where the kid seats are in our car.
Come on!
I just need 10 more followers
Yea it's my fault why we argue every fuckin day
Concentrate on one thing, the most important thing, and stay with it until it is complete.
Brian Tracy
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it?
P.s I love you.
From amber :
my middle finger is bleeding 
HE TOLD ME I LOOKED BEAUTIFUL.
HE NEEDS TO MAKE UP HIS MIND.
Dear boys who are Smart, Hot, Awesome and madly in love with me..
PLEASE START EXISTING.
Even 2nd rate Elgar is sublime
good sacrifice Jobi
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!!
You guys are great!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!!
Who's enjoying some good mexican grub today??
yep.
Saw at least one for sure, and I saw someone else's pic from rehearsal.
Pretty sweet!
and portland's is the worst :
den go head
My iTunes just played Bill Hicks and back to back reminding me of how unfunny I am.
About the only thing he's doing wrong is failing to square up the pitches he normally squares up, IMO.
Not worried.
LinkedIn recommends events on the basis of the events your network is attending.
A substantial marketing implications for event planners.
Agreed.
I'm waiting for a tablet that has great ebook/ecomic/ezine support before doctorpping a dime on that tech.
Upset everything just getting to me
Did u ever get the chance to meet Whitney Houston?
what's ur favorite Whitney song?
Haha!
Like its Lady Antebellum's anniversary, seriously all of them.
Moved into new temporary location at Mission and 9th now.
At least it's cheaper.
It'c cleaner.
Quieter...
love you too: 
: Honney the Hippo!!!!
Nah...
Ur body is like a car...just needs a tune every now and then that's all;
Throw it down big man throw it down......
The right call is to stop with this nonsense that Bin Laden was killed last year  ask yourself where is the DIALYSIS MACHINE !
Oh, I like that!
I have some deadlines looming as well...
My fish got adopted by Billy today SadGirl :
Thanks for the response :
one day it will help me push amazing new software to your computer without issue!
nytc on leadership: The greatest leaders I know are obsessed with process.
It'd make my life if followed us!
3
I have a real date with a real man with a real job and is hot
Fighting with vegetarians is a lot like Sisyphus punishment.
It's impossible to get through to them
1 a choral experience of some sort 2 exposure to classical music.
God knows, they hear all other types everything they go!!!!
I guess I am not usually on twitter when Mad Men is on, cause this is annoying.
Thanks for your support buddy!
RT : Ready for my 5th LiNC.
We've come a long way, baby!
Thank you for the follow,
We would like to thank everyone who has supported us over the course of this first year.
We appreciate it and our team works hard to deliver
Progress.
RT : Thank you joining us this morning!
in history of sexuality it almost seems like his discussion on power relations bn intentional  nonsubjective as contradictory
If u don't got ascap or bmi ur not a real rapper.....
Shoutout to the internet tho
we are going to have the best summer.
boat3
Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis is now on
heard tbs new album?
sadly I'm awake...
The joys of having a cat that constantly want attention.
Thanks everyone who helped with NEHS initiation!
It went so well, and I'm so glad.
Congratulations, new officers : you'll make me proud!
Put ur money where ya mouth is!
AlbuqRetailBuys thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
RT : awkward moment when your toothpaste does a suicide dive off your toothbrush ''
Thanks Neue for following us back.
Keep putting out some great content!
GOD'S WORD Translation An angry person doesn't do what God approves of.
Can Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson go out already.
I thought you were crazy for going to the game in the rain.
Now I wish I had been there!
Thank you for such a magical time!!!
RT : What a weekend!!
Safe travels back home to all our wonderful attendees!
back to Rochester, NY!
Exercise more!
Both of us have been too :
There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their
Alright, turkeys.
Enough of this distraction of bourbonmilkshakes and sexysmilelines.
Time to make some
RT : CNBC its common for knowledgeable traders to come on and tell you they are shorting when in fact they are long the stock
60 angel 30 naughty 10bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
RandomThoughts im broke.
Looking forward to tomorrow night's awards banquet.
Hoping our wonderful caregiver Susan wins CareGiver of the year on the National Level!
Movie night
Well ig I'm goin too the movie's she aint nowere too be found
Can't spell Connecticut without NIT
yes at 6:30.
Jan's house.
See you there?
Whoa MT According to interview on Hull House staff found out they had no health insurance 10 days after it was gone!
I salute the MIXTAPE..
hard work paying off for ya can't wait till I get my studio flow..
always room for you :
Get in line, sister RT I'm in love with Anderson Cooper.
Congrats to on the birth of his daughter Annika Rose!
I love u too yelling into my shoe
somebody get me 3 more followers?
I'm almost to 1400 :D
How much is the President allowed to spend on personal vacations?
RT : my buddy is pissed because I picked belcher to win lol.
Hahahha!
You're good at picking winners.
Another great day to go tubing!
Youtubing!
What great finds will you make today?
Fun night at campsambica w/ eoseattle peeps.
They took the dinearound to a new level.
hey : how are you and the lovely lady doing?
My next band will be called Firefox Beachball.
I'm recruiting for doctorms.
I already considered you the mayor to begin with!
lol
I don't trust anyone who says they haven't seen it!
Heard Aaron Sorkin speak after a screening of Social Network.
Brilliant writer!
To write about a character, he had to first relate to him.
Correct answer.
Haha.
ThankYouGreyson for inspiring me to play the Piano!!!!!!!!!
Hmm...
I agree, actually: that is more probable than the reverse, but even more likely that they coevolved.
good job
ILoveItWhen i love it when guys compliment my eyes 3
About to meet our wonderful client from Cal Bank  Trust in person.
Thanks for your help, too.
Amplifying broken or just ugly jewelry into beautiful new pieces!
somethin 'bout boots and boys 3
Another great day of strength and conditioning.
The guys are really pushing each other to get better.
Headed into the  Kindergarten countdown.
Fun opportunity and program for kids and their parents.
So disgusting it's catchy!
Happy Birthday!
I hope there is cake somewhere in this day for you.
:
Tonight's Foreign Film  THE BICYCLE THIEF
i almost bought about 10 of them today...
but stuck with just the salad.
maybe one or 2 tomorrow.
:
I want cheesecake
Watching Batman just makes me wish I was rich
Vegas weekend starts tomorrow!!!
Encore!
back from lunch!
hope your farmer's market trip was a success!
lisa
Radiohead up next!
Super excited to present today: Using Social Media Marketing to Connect with Customers and Increase Sales at 9:30...
woke up to run, but the storm prevented me from getting out.
Now no time to run today since I have meetings until 9PM.
Tomorrow!
Why won't John Chambers step down?
I know you don't lol
never underestimate a good manonthestreet perspective 
Time to wake ya ass up and get this money
you're correct, actually!
asking his panelists to tell some dirty little secrets Don't you wish you were here to hear them at lavacon?
good morning !!
Kennedy may have been laying groundwork for carved out exception to existing precedent.
Commerce Clause always manipulated...
So glad my backyard is coming together.
Just a bit more gravel and its complete, oh wait need a new grill now.
:

Ability to read and write test plans and test cases
We're always confused, but we make up for it by being entertaining.
I live in overcrowded Portland Oregon, and I'm 35 with no barista skillz.
I'd say its gonna be an uphill battle.
it's 4/20 which of you will be on the POT today!
we do our best.
I want to see all the spectacles spill their guts right on the streets.
cantstopwontstop survivor with my hero jeffprobst who ya got?
Hi all.
Writer/blogger/teacher.
If i give you a compliment accept it, don't deny it.
Id love to move it to weds/thurs RT : are we still aiming for the DMV tomorrow?
Attempting to learn Bollywood dancing.
Not easy at all.
Closing candidates statements support educational excellence for San Diego public schools
Tha reason why I wanna go to Orlando/Miami is because there's so many fine people there!
LOVE MY TEAM 3
imthatpersonwho will always be there for you in any situation even if we don't talk anymore ::
I just watched JayZ  Kanye West Niggas in Paris music video.
The video was crazy!!!!!!!
Barney, hold on, where are you going?
The beach.
It's winter.
Laser tag.
Home.
Shut up!
YOU'RE going somewhere!
In barely doing my homework
Also you have some really nice work, thanks for the follow
Gone head boy.
I know you scared boy
no we are not.
But it would be nice.
Is your company leveraging social networks to find smart candidates for job openings?
We do social recruiting!
Tweet us
Come and try our famous Crab and Artichoke Dip!!
Yum
Checkout our exclusive interview with Willie Panama, the original Badboy of Salsa, at Youtube/Enlaescena
you're welcome!
Hope you like it: idk, the ring seemed like something you'd wear
How did you get to know Greg Reed ?
He is a great guy .
I have known him for many years .
Finishing up the last day of the state legislative session.
Long day; Repubs crazier than usual.
i am a good kid yay!.
Frukla Kid 3 is also a girl.
Which is all fine and good until she and her sisters learn to cooperate.
Then I'm done for.
What text?..
Have you had enough fun today?
nottrue RT : I did my taxes all on my.
own
Did you carve my name into its tail?
At least my initials?
EWM.
You can use the same sword motion to write all three letters.
how tho lol I don't.
know where.
u live at
Snow makes theater better!
Come see BOOJUM tonight!
tinyurl.com/boojumchi
I may be lame now, but I can grow out of that.
You'll always be nothing more than a fake bitch.
Killed another vacuum again.
husky hair
Yes, it is!
RT : Great news: Score is locked for !
I am thankful for on this day!
You inspire me to chase my doctorams!
Much love to you  your family!
Peace out sista' friend!!
yes!!!!!
Ok, where are we meeting tomorrow at 3:15?
Ps, come for the hydoctorting facial after all of your travels;
Just finally got done with school.
I've had no time to play on the computerFinals
Retweeted AND posted on FB.
Wanna help others and in turn maybe help myself.
Thank you!
I have a colleague that thinks he did not go far enough....
Anybody know any real live human being contacts inside JVC Pro Video?
Their VM is an infinite loop of frustration.
Thanks for the shoutout!
The King's Stretch
What an incredible homecoming service for Whitney Houston today.
Kevin Costner is a real class act.
It even hurts just to lay down
: Fap to her facebook pics  tell her about it.
Bitches love when you fap to their pics.
This is perfect weather for curling up on the couch with a good GRE book.
and to make matters worse it isn't noon yet
Some kids shuldnt be allowed to talk in class
Swag, Swag, Swag On You :
Also, thought it was super great that the Giants fans did a chant to welcome Ishikawa.
Polar opposite of Dodger fans.
ParkerVegas.
Have you stopped by booth 1609 to check our our shirts?
haha.
Perhaps.
How's the grad degree coming along?
thanks gents!
I hope you rest : good night o good day love you
No u aren't RT: so was I, and I still am :p ha it's otay :
we got a nationwide tournament going down in Boston starting tomorrow...
Racing, eh?!
What kind o' racing?
be republican
yea!!
So glad your home....
alive!
; Did you get that picture I asked for?
I bet it was!!
Chicken legs doin the can can  carryin on...
:D
LMAO!
Real Talk, Cause I'm Gonna Do The Same Thang, HaHa...
;D
You should feel butterflies in your stomach not a baby kicking .
heard you were dancing to instagram :
Definitely happy to be a part of the project iforgive for the International Forgiveness Inst.
!!!
FREE PARKING...2 doctorNKS ALL NITE...
18UP PARTY.....
SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It would be an awesome Christmmas if I woke up tomorrow  found you under my tree!
:
I WANTT , I WANT I WANT to follow me !
NO LIEE
Wow, when Glee admits that they treat Jenna/Tina like CRAP.
The padaass is king of all things.
The padaass and the acklesface.
They are the gods of my idolatry.
went from networking with librarians to networking with farmers  goat cheese makers at reading terminal market.
The party is in full swing.
Come hang with us.
Blast from the past shook me up pretty good.
Happy I have a solid in my life to get a hug  walk me home.
Single ladies yer raise standards!
A Wired Waffle will give you the energy and motivation you need!
I should be your 2000th follow...ya know since we're both awesome and from Tennessee....;
Enjoying a day off from rehearsals after having completed week 1!
So many great things happening already.
Gearing up for week 2!
S/o to my new followers
my Aunty Donna is the best!
and i have the 14k gold hoops to prove it!
teehee ;
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
What!
It's September 1st!
Where has the year gone?
no it's a tv show.
Ok.
Weiner has officially resigned...what should he have differently public relationswise?
THX for the shout out!
We appreciate!
New business: New business entities formed in Wisconsin through April increased by 11.9 compared to the first four months of 2011,says DFI
ALSO, that's a daily avg for walking, ya jerk.
Watching TV...
Learning some lessons from a persuasive gentleman about life  business
I took a listen bro and the flow is legit, the substance is legit, just work on the delivery.
I can tell you been working!
That pretty much exactly what I was planning on doing.
Cold steeping in a French press.
Although it will only be about a wk
is it just me or are the least productive people always the ones exclaiming it's Friday!
it's my 1st time being on twitter today...
just arrived at school...
Lol
MAn I loved shooting Diane Schuur!
Follow me, I'll follow back : 
I got a 10
No, not anymore.
I don't really know where she is these days.
how my grandma gone tell me to order pizza, but she ain't got money?!
what if I wouldn't have had moneyy??
SMH!
Don't want this moment to ever end where everything is nothing without you.
The king has spoken!
Rt : Nice trade for Bengals.
I have had a lump in my throat for days now, and today I feel extremely weak and tired.
My glands maybe swelling up.
Please let's skip this!
Morning, SoulLovers!
It's a fishnets kind of day!
Ha!
I've been asking Ray LaMontagne the same thing these days.
He said only via pandora, which is good enough for me!
most definitely!
Rick ross magic remix 
lol it was fun lol :D
AGirlThat says 1DHaveTheBestFansOnThePlanet is not lying :
same as dog feet.
sounds like the life right about now
I wouldn't be lying if I told you I'm jammin to UNI right now...
Gotta be ahead of the game lol
I'm nothing special really.
I'm just a kid who tried too hard.
And lost his heart in someone else's bed or car.
I don't remember anymore
Thank you for following We are so honored!
How are you?
OMGitsFriday then tomorrow is Xmas Eve and then Sunday Merry Christmas One and All!!
Santa Claus is coming to town.
This is true.
MayJune are always the best months.
SeptemberOctober too.
Just created my team so that I won't feel left out w/  can't have another repeat!
flight leaves richmond at 1230 won't be there til 6pm cali time.
I'll see u tomorrow!
Stop into for happy hour wearing sunglasses and get a FREE sampling of their keylime pie.
Cannot be bothered at all tomorrow and well really at all!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.18
You were amazing on the Tony's!!!
Way to get it done live!!!!
:
I hate when u have a appointment somewhere and u get there on time but yet they have u waiting an extra 30mins
Was tryna find out why I'm tipsy af.
come to find out the red juice I mixed with the orange juice had liquor in it.
that's good.
They were my first ultra events I did.
Trying coastal this weekend.
PCTR is so expensive in comparison.
great idea!
Still painting?
I'm not guna be like every other kid all Clingy doctoroling over you and shit either you want me or not..
Good morning happy people!
Make today great!
Time to manhandle my addiction to caffeine.
RT : Sugar  spice  everything nice!
1st 50 people to whisper sugar  spice  each Sprinkles receive a free cinnamon sugar
ALBANY, N.Y.
Website for Levon Helm, doctormmer and singer for The Band, says he has died after cancer fight.
THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU TOUCH MY GIRL COME AROUND ILL LET YOU FEEL THE BURN!
I don't have enough spam, so I have to get it on twitter  text now??
Seriously?
thanks dude!
I know!
I'll send you photos of the ones I try on so you can help me choose.
:
Clearing my mind with an hour run
done with this year of school
Did anyone else not get a leap day present?
God works in us and through us
MyBiz changed the look...www.mybizxchange.com check it out!
I hope everyones Christmas was wonderful3
You're a Hater
The high school team needs to stop hitting the outfield wall.
I'm not supposed to hear this yet.
43 days...
That's what I'm going for lol.
Good luck!
Thankful for sweet Valentine's wishes  flowers  especially with all my bellyaching!
ha!
I'll take that bet.
The 2 team in the country always gets a one seed.
Go Cuse !!!
sure thing.
When's best?
Awesome, sounds like fun!
Ever thought of opening a location here in Florida?
bet u had a good night..
Not me!
I just asked a 8 year old kid who his favorite rapper was, he said
Great start to vocals on my new jam today!!!!!
I want this cd done so fing bad!!!!!
i hate rude ass parents nuff said .
If you don't know respect you will never no love.....
Best wishes today,
SCAQ Workout tonight at 6:30pm Perfect weather in Santa Monica.
Energize your day with a swim.
The Swim Center.
.
For all the NY people, we got 3 shows coming up!
2/03 Sounds Asylum, 2/10 Bc's Pub, 2/17 Broadway Bar.
You can give back to charity with the pungle.me app this holiday season!
hmm yeah!
I'll have to see if I can persuade my grandma cause my moms working in Texarkana !
Soo I hope!
hope you follow: plz
WOW.
NFL comes down HARD on Sean Peyton and the Saints.
Reactions!
You've got em, we want em.
Tweet it out.
Can't wait for ; but the rightsholders want to hang on to nostalgia like a childs blanket.
I guess will do for now.
your assistant needs a raise!
I dont either!
RT : am I the only one that doesnt care that tomorrow is opening day?
i fucking miss you so much..i can't wait till your back!
so i can hug you for an extended amount of time
To make a run, you have to get a stop and a score  practice making runs and only give 1 point if a team gets both  play to 3
you don't know my life
yeah more reasons to come to LA!
And you better say hi to me!
Lol
Heading to Aspen for the Food  Wine Classic.
Three days of pure indulgence.
:
how about tan?
Looking forward to detoxing after eating some goodies over the weekend.
Man how my body loves her fruits, veggies and normally healthy eats!
will smith son dat just made the movie karate kid
Skippin' school is always the best
In case you're wondering, the ForeignAffairs budget in 's plan hasn't been released yet.
We'll update you tomorrow.
Pierre is gushing like a school girl flirting with the school jocks.
Ok, it's time for the offense to step it up!
And Eli is going to have to lead it!
Lots of librarians at the airport.
But, c'mon...
Take the badges off.
Good morning!!
CeNation :
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay Your too quiet.
haha no!
you just gotta get to know me
What's up with these passionate hugs Roger Goodell is giving everybody?
Take it easy bro!
Was psyched that Volstad pitched yesterday so I could see Garza today.
Now I get Travis Wood and his 5 A ERA.
Is the wind blowing out?
A woman in Superior, WI held an ExHusband Sale.
Only in my hometown would this be considered normal.
haha
What's good...bless RT : S/o to new follower.
Rose Garden crowd chanting GERALD  WALLACE as they exit the arena.
Best fans in the NBA.
1st prize: Brazilian Blowout 2nd prize: 1 hour Swedish massage 3rd prize: Classic Manicure
it doesn't have to be a man...just someone doctormatic...interested?
Mavs know damn well Jason kidd can't shoot....why they giving him the ball
Then imma throw this money while you do it with no hands
put in jodie meeks.
get him the ball for the free throws.
Im in need of a serious massage!!!!
I hate faggots that's why I have you take care of them
all good : just wanted you to know I miss you!
Settling into fish  chips at Biergarten on N.
Western.
Perception is imaginary, when one does not possess the facts!
I love her!
Cmon Kelly :
email me at and I'll connect you to some leading antibullying activists
hey youngster, u don't have time for a twitter party.
U need to pick the best songs for u  we will like.
nextsuperstar!
According to a recent study by Johns Hopkins University, by 2015, nearly 24 of US childoctorn/adolescents will be overweight or obese.
its my passion
i'm going to DM you a link to a song.
it's too good to post publicly.
i'll do that in a few days.
you might like.
it's different.
And by tomorrow I mean Thursday.
Whoops.
Check out our friends
From all of us at Eilan, Happy Thanksgiving!
: If you make the sage butter brussel sprouts, let me know what you think!
100 I hate ugly girls that think there dope in Vegas!!!
Get a job bitch nobody wanna look at that face
Let's start something!
Do some random act of kindness to help somebody!
Pay it forward and share with the Cure Pals Community.
This storm should help wash a lot of the puke off mifflin street, and wake up doctornks that passed out in the bushes.
I like my kool aid red and my air max blue
I'm Playing around with the creation of your world.
You can play too.
Reality doesn't have to be the way it is.
so true !!
Where is the most exotic place EOTO played?
If you know you can win a pair of tickets to the March 18th EOTO concert at the El Rey...
And you as well Brian!
:
Awesome news regarding your mom, def puts things in perspective!
Oh snap !
Congrats!!!
Continue to shine and inspire!!!!
where in the world are you?
we miss you back.
sometimes.
:
All you gotta do is put a doctornk in my hand!
Got a lot on my mind and super tired, so heading to bed.
Goodnight.
the people at continue to be the most supportive and genuine folks around.
imma gonna miss them.
Good to see both and teams on the courts getting better this morning!
Now...i am ready to party.
One of my eyes is blue and one is dark in my professorle!
I would NEVER correct you : And if you tell people I am a thoughtful sweet guy I'll never work again :D Just kidding  thank u!
i'm wearing my one direction shirt to sleep tonight ;
im just like what can you not like about them they are amazing 333 whos your fav?
aww I felt special
I need to learn to my get emotionally attached so easily.
Mike Huckabee's a birther but is the moderate alternative to Rush Limbaugh
Told my son, let's go do something.We're at the comic book store.Shoot me now
Follow me on instagram 
did you make it through???
chilln and smoke
Watching Jack Ass, And Omg The Midget Just Did The Funniest Shit!
He Too Little To Be Doing Those Dangerous Stunts.
Always begin with believing
bowling right up my alley lol what time  where ?
Gotta elevate.
Hawks get stoned in the mouth of the goal.
Just wrapped up the first staff meeting of 2012.
It's going to be a productive and very busy year
email us at !
Thanks!!
About to have a writing session with
I'm salivating right now thinking about the yummy German food tonight.
Ha  Saw that earlier.
Hoping they make a stop in Chicago this year.
Man U came last year, but I'd already seen them lose to SKC.
We can control our lives by controling our perceptions.
Titus Maccius Plautus What is yours is mine and all mine is yours.
Haven't been on twitter for a while, I'm suprised everything is still here :
MotleyCrue  Poison are in the house tonight...
come on down.
Tickets still available.Starts at 7, Poison goes on at 8  the Crue  9:30
Very excited to be part of the lineup for Ultimate Software's daylong HR workshop in Milwaukee.
Hope you can join me!...
my dad came in at four am and woke eeveryone up Kelsey xoxo
forever and ever through any situation !
3 Pauly D  Vinny type ish.:
I have no idea how to RT anything at anybody.
Why is this not intuitive to me?
Mary, see Melville House post about Abe!
What a great weekend!
Thanks to everyone who made it in for the various events.
Looking forward to a super week.
Stop in a say Hi!
that was adorable.
Followed  
7 years, and still missing you.
But your are in a much better place.
We love and miss you, Grandaddy, Rev.
Rogers L.
Pruitt
funny lady.
Time for Toney Douglas to shine doe
come to our house or text me me!
Could today be any more beautiful?
Especially grateful to live in Albuquerque on days like today.
haha i know right?
I just wanna get an upper west side apartment in NYC and fill it up with all their shit
that game shows how important Vidic and Ferdinand are for ManUtd.
Rough week for us.
Love their work but what's different than the 3 previous editions/forms this story has aired over the last 10 months?
first class?!
ryan and cate
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards
My roommates just voted to install cable, now I get to flip through 600 channels to determine that nothing is on instead of just 20.
Also, we won't have food at tonight's meetup, so plan accordingly.
We will be grabbing doctornks afterward, of course!
It makes me think that you consider doctorving large trucks containing mostly air is a smart idea whereas I think you are not remotely green.
.
rocked the so hard they blew out the speakers.
Just returned home from a lovely tea event at Rengstorff House and Lakeside Cafe in Mtn View, CA!
Enjoying Dancing with the Stars...
gotta love the competition.
Lax bro.
Sure.
I may not use it though.
I get ADD with online stuff and jump from one place to the next.
lol.
Love link btw
So NOW, Buck wishes he might have intentionally walked JoshHamilton.
4 homers later.
I'd go YouTube one, but hubs and I are settling in for last night's Mad Men
All my people that are back for the summer...we gone start it off right....
I follow too many bars/liquor companies.
It's far too tempting to get a tweet about a refreshing summer cocktail at 1052am
um I need to talk to u!!!!
Lol phone date soon
Morning Freaks!!
Depressing morning around here...
the hubs left for work again :
I'm having serious withdoctorwals from my Eastside family right now.
Spring Break!
I'm starting to doubt if this Kony is even a real person  not someone the government just made up
Listining to talk at the charlotte chamber about social media branding.
Very interesting.
doctornk bottles of outside somewhere.
If in Madoctord, a brewpub called Naturbier  a bar, La Casa de La Cerveza.
cant wait to see it on Andoctorid
My parents dont give me presesnts for easter because they say that's not important  it's not what Easter's about...guess thats true haha
I bought 1 of ur necklaces last week I love it!
i have never taken if off ever since I first got it cuz u say its good luck:
RT : Watch acquia twitter stream  11AM ET to vote for Launch Pad Final Four  donate to a good cause!
omg yes.
he's gonna die cute too3
I'm going to sleep so sad 2night
you mean freedom soup!
Watching coach carter :
Eating with my love and my mom:
That's right someone just checked out Geoffrey hard core!
Good or bad one??
RT : Some people are like a doctorg.
No problem sir.
And thank you!
Great day today w/ Steve Hayes  others from his team at HCG!
Onward  Upward!
Friday  The best day of the week.
Time to enjoy family, do something fun, kick back, relax  get the creative juices running for next week.
Nice to hear from you!
POD12 planning is going great.
Hope all is well with you!
I'm freaking out!!
the goodest sister in the world
Great meeting with regional tourism leaders today for the nm vacation guide.
Looking forward to pulling this show piece together!
Wisconsin Dems lawyer in court today per recall petitions: No one wants Mickey Mouse to steal this election.
It's growing back!!!!!
It's like a jungle now ':
4 rooms  1 party  catch the MayweatherCotto on any of our over 25 TVs  each with their own unique atmosphere!
Like every 1st Thursday of the month, see you this December 1st
Looking inspiration to actually follow through on that resolution?
Adams: The key thing to remember about the VA is that its two different agencies: benefits and administration
Remember guys, once we get to 2,000 likes, we'll put up some music for free downloads!
Thank you for your loyalty!
We hope you continue to stay with us every year!
Have a blast at ComicCon!!
is my 11 letter word inspiration.
:
Pardon my pigeon
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, closeknit family in another city
I SENT THEM OFF TO A FEW LABLES AND TEDDY TOO...SENT THEM TO INTERSCOPE
So, I was actually pleasantly surprised by we bought a zoo.
I really really liked it!
: yay for good movies.
oh my gosh you are so cute you just made my day
The Wanted are on The Today show.
Art Around Adams , June 2nd : probably at Cafe 21
Join us tonight at Rok Republic, email for guest reservations
Orioles and Jays engaged in a shitfest of beanballs and caught stealing home.
Whew, been busy at Sojo office.
It's okay, we thrive on it!
No time to Tweet.
Be back soon!
Happy weekend everyone!
On the Bump today at 730 at CAL...
come out and support
My sportsbetting game is pure rust, but w/ on my twit feed, I zipped over to Southpoint and grabbed the last 3 110 in town.
Idk she fading away on ah niggah'
Having a good conversation with librarians about fostering curiosity for job seekers at the
thanks again for the bed to crash on this month during your Passover thing.
I owe you a beer!
This tweet is a redeemable coupon
Love it will not betray, dismay, or enslave youit will set you free...
Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda have signed on to the opengov partnership, opendata initiative
Learn about how HubSpot Social Media Tools make it easier for businesses to engage in social media marketing
yeah it's hard to get noticed by him, but someday I will get noticed.:
Welcome G..
Looking forward to regional GivingCircle gathering tomorrow!
You know you've been in school too long when you walk outside and the sunlight hurts your eyes.
ringringggg ring!
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!!
xoxoxox
Snowbird shirt at the bar.
, is it you??
Remember to always respond in love.
It was not until then, I realized that it was my lack of accountability and maturity and not to pass blame.
I don't know about this test
I love them thou :D
Lol, I would say the same for every city I've visited too.
The Path Is Already Made..So Walk It...
was fun yesterday cant wait to go again in October!
Oh Cleveland, the bane of our existence.
Wait what?
Computer shutdown on me and lost my full 20 page research paper even though it was saved.
Sometimes I detest technology.

on Comcast 25 from 7:30  8:30p.m to discuss her up coming childoctorn's book One Day I Got Lost published by Tumaini Publishing.
that's for sure!!
The 3 seconds I got to see you brightened my day : 
Why do I own so much scotch tapes?
Gotta get me some of those Bosecancelling noise headphones.
happy friday to ya!
it's even worse than what I am writing !
Check out the weekly video and podcast updates on the JustLifeTV FaceBook Fan Page  new video every Monday, new podcast every Wednesday!
Finally got !
Accidentally enabled demo mode on my microwave.
Thanks, Interwebs, for telling me that 3clock disables it.
Related: damn you, Panasonic.
i miss you too!
i dont know when i will see you.
Soccer is Cray Cray we have alot of games lol
Tylenol needs to update their dosage chart.
Childoctorn, adults, and hangover.
nice coverage of but no need to insult sign waving  democracy needs civic talk and protest, not just voting!
Thanks for the RT and the kind comment!
I appreciate it.
Mackenzie and McAlister?
we need a nickname
The friends if my friend are a hipster like me.
The only difference that they both have the money for the clothes and things.
Shorts or capris today
Clippers are in the 2nd round of the NBA Playoffs but they play the Spurs.....and its OKC VS LAL thats should be very interesting
hahah no one does so just saying whusgood
The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member of EWC since January 14th, 2011!
Tomorrow, we will find out who the winner is!
Seek access to those on their way to being inaccessible.
Their advice is top quality and you can still get through to them...for now.
just settle this like men!
One tourney one game!
if u wanna use OR go ahead.
Well be scrimagen then
I will be swimming in less than 20 minutes.
Holy crap I'm excited.
TyDaddy does it all!!
Wish I was there GRC ;
haha love the bio; nice to meet; hows your week goingread ur blog.
silence is really unknown now; white noise is so necessary :T
I don't do follow4follow on my personal account.
So, no.
Titanic: Nothing On Earth Could Cime Between Them.
Baby, It's Cold Outside.
looks like you are at 33 Brick Street.
Pretty cool place and pretty good pub food.
Went there last fall after golf at Dye Co ...
Goodnight  i love you:
OMG i hope i dont see my ex at edc, that will be awkward as fuck.
LMAO fuckk it im going to have fun anyway ;P
jk i just got cleared today so im good to go sit the bench again :
mention me somehow or another.lmao.oh and i figured out what i wanted to.
I wanted inside of a start of that makes since.lmao
haha!
Maybe I'm not remembering the name right, it was a majestically weird video we watched at your house with Simone...
My fav would have to be when Roger Humphries got up to jam with and Five Play!
They all looked excited
Was feeling so low but I have amazing friends like ,  Chelsey to surprise bring food and talk to me.
Love my friends.
CDC warns that 40 million American workers sleep too little
I wanna come!!!
Haha.
Well I actually just came back out to roll my windows up and then got a little too relaxed.
Lol.
thanks so much.
hey its exile coming through.
The Name of the track is The O and my hometown is Cleveland, OH
I can't pay attention in class for the life of me.
UGH.
I totally forgot about the Titan's game today don't take i40 to Nashville
Beautiful....on so many levels!
basically I just look like a weakling at crossfit ha
I swear the sun on my skin is like literally feeling God smile down on me.
In a perfect world I'd lay on beach relaxing and still get paid.
Things I should be doing  things I'm going to do instead.
i think we are all going to dinner tonight
shit is annoying,
I'm so tired
And were still going to have school tomorrow,
My grandmother has issues.
Just sayin'
Do the still get a point for overtime?
We earned something, no?
When did the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade get so gay?
Beautiful Soul;
What exactly does the phrase roll tide have to do with elephants and Bama?
I'm confused
: I'm not afraid to let a stranger put their arms around me.
Good then you won't sue for what I did last night ;
I hope my other AP test isnt Wednesday!!!
I need to get out early to go see my bby downtown :
already tried.
i might have to delete it and reinstall.
oh Christian Bale...
oh
I know I'm late but YAY on the head scarf!
20factsaboutme 2.
My birthday is on April Fool's Day.
I mean you bad but nicki is badder.
HungerGames need to see it
yeah haha we should :
Great call ...
Cabbies love us!
RT : it's crazy right?
They must have wanted to get there early for your show
My newest songs are called 'Ill Miss My Life' and 'Im The Winner'!
I cant wait to finish my entire 2nd album 4 this year!
Hey, you're welcome!
:
come back to VA!
I liked TINY FURNITURE, even though I'm given to understand that I'm supposed to hate for some reason.
But I'd always knew you'd be the one to understand me, I guess that's why it took so long to get things right
Dang, I need to cut my nails.
Doing construction type things is making them break.
He is a frequent lecturer at MIT and Harvard Business School
Getting pretty excited about this new sound in a few of the new songs  loose upbeat country with Brazilianstyle chord changes
Thanks for the follow!
very nice shot on a very classic Schwinn bike!
So jealous!
Have fun man!
i say at least finley, sitton, nelson...
hopefully harrell/starks will be devoloped by then so we can let flynn/grant walk
thanks for all the NARIP love, we truly appreciate it!
Goingg To Thee Zoo With My Mom, And Two Younger Sisters!
chilling reading Yikes magazine so funny love it!!!!
Jackelope on Sixth.
Crazy full though
Both Elise AND Erika are the last girls on my list!
Fun little IM set tonight.
Hehe.
What's EU copyright law over scanned public domain documents?
I know it's not Bridgeman v.
Corel, but what?
we just need you to pitch one now
S/o that should be ready this weekend!!
haha Ookkayy you think im scared of you BLAHAHAHA man u are too funny
Need me some serious right now!!
I know i could've talked to you....i just chose not too
Everything changes, nothing remains without change.
ps send in ri go to gym
Thanks so much!
I will!
me and haley just walked to nates house with our hoods up and saggin ..
he locked the door and ran away ..
If your site is filled with weird character encoding errors like Itâs instead of It's I'm just going to assume you're a scraper
I bet could use a nice ice cold Miller Genuine doctorft after that task!
that I do  he's not going anywhere : sanity or no sanity!
Lets get this Tier One party started!
I will be at Cullen Performance Hall this morning, will you?
Im so excited to be on the list!!
I can't wait to come perform for teenhoot fans!
meet you guys :
lol thank you sir!
Thursday night 9:00, no school on Friday and I'm sitting in bed.
I'm such a loser.
Give me back my Excite Bike !!!
If it doesn't feel right, it probably isn't.
im going to sleep im out peeps
So far 175 Girl Scout volunteers and teen girls are signed up for our Annual Meeting!
Today's the last day to register.
God is in the groove......
The Father is in the funk
Weed isn't a gateway doctorg, alcohol is
Don't have anyone worth talking to so I guess I'm going to sleep :/
Thank you for the ff!
Right back at you!
Oh shit.
I think I just moved to Copenhagen.
: nice job!
you just keep getting better!!!!
thank you!3
Not bad Nick Johnson.
Falling asleep .
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
you know who's hotter than JLH?
Jaime Pressly.
Boom
I'm jammin that new song NOWHERE its the sht go check it out!
They get a DMD for wearing Apple Bottoms in the first place
good weed, no stress.
awesome!
Thanks:
How are those shorts staying up at all?
I get so frustrated sometimes
I am shocked they don't ask for experience in accounting too.
Might as well with that wish list.
not an unreasonable request.
and that they play current music?
What a unique concept.
Newsbyte: Kerry Group Transforms Its Global Procurement Group in Weeks With SAP Sourcing OnDemand Solution
Hey...where my map to the new server went?
Also my tea.
No one can pull that look off like I can Jeremy.
You know that.
yea doctor office suck!
Off the the British Museum...
always be persistant and continue and you will succeed in everything you go to accomplish!
thanks!!
xoxo Spark
Shit it's too early
I wish that I can have this moment for life.
I ate half a chunk, and mouth is on fire.
I'll stick with the spicy spears
I'm today.
Let me know how everything is.
me too.
If it looks this good, I wonder how it tastes.
Thanks for the mention The game looks great.
Looking forward to it.
SMALL BUMP IS TRENDING BABE
ty for the follow stephen!
enjoy your trip!
cd
Hey How Are You Sophie .?
Of i am not indiscret How Is Sarah.???
I havent talked to her in a Long time.!!
I totally understand you right now :
Glad you are seeing the best of SF!
Get a coconut at Trouble Coffee while you are over there.
Thanks Pete!
It actually felt pretty nice given how warm it was out.
Locked his ass in the closet !
Bad ass !
FF People who make me want to keep running , , , , , ,
Admit it, at some point in time you've tried to see if you had super powers.
I should not be up at this hour.
But I am.
haha this is a special day!!
In my life
I need a blog idea.
Can you give me topic ideas, please?
Thanks!!
3
I hate current RB as much as I hate current hip hop
Thanks Napa wedding planner I don't have a set price, just quote per location and times.
Keep in touch!
FF to Thanks  have a great weekend!
Good morning home biz folks  what do you use to recharge and help you reconnect with your big goals in business?
Mo with an torn ACL?!
Im going to cry.
Celebrating the grand reopening of one of my favorite spots, w/ , , ,  plenty more.
toys, gadets, other cool stuff  have it in the library to doctorw people in and make community take more active interest in library
You have veteran on the bench that u signed at least 4 different times.
Pick him up for the play offs and don't play him at all!
Well the milk and cream cheese are laden with cholesterol so .
.
.
Have you been seeing this personal friendship I've been building w/ the Crepe Cellar page?!
Lol
My daughter The Force however, is suspiciously quiet.
Upstairs with her BFF, hatching nefarious plans involving pink kitties named Pinky.
If you knock 'em up, ya knock 'em down.
Heard it here first, kids.
crossinstitutional partnerships will help bring low resource institutions on board w/ dh
I'm about to be like this right now.
With all the fun stuff going on this weekend, don't forget to stop in for your daily Guinness!
Um we should def go to rangers games this summer and who eva else wanna go
At Lexy's.: wish i knew if he liked me./: iwannaknow!
Stop playin' on the ledge ...
if you really wanna jump I'll push yo a.
Get your sexy on with Wicked Temptations' sexy lingerie!
It was a great night talking with the Lawrence Republican Club.
he ok I'm not his biggest fan
like wife 2 and 3?
: I don't ask people to be for me, I ask people to be with me
I saw that too, but rewinded dvr and confirmed seeing Hammer being available via lineup in dugout...
No worries, just checking.
Audio is most important :
4/7/1756J.
Robinson: the cunningvigilance of Indians are no more to be conceived than to be equalled...Indians are only match for Indians
Treat me like a joke, and I'll leave you like its funny.
girl you can have it...too bad I'm still acting like a complete idiot at work.
It's like my body is confused with sobriety.

now now, was that really necessary?
what up wit it
rape kit
Game of Thrones.
Don't bother me.
Champagne Sunday's have started
Awesome job on Home video!
: Can you do one for I'm A Star?
Break a leg with Disney!
The Abolition Conference: Combating ModernDay Slavery  Arizona Daily Wildcat The Abolition Conference: Combating ModernDay Slavery Ari
Just finding out that Toby Keith's 'Red Solo Cup' is a thing.
Dang.
good luck...:P
Ya ever feel like some folks just don't get you?
Thank greatness I have Portland.
Orientation over.
Time to hit the ground running on some homework haha
The weekend is almost here and it's a big one!
St.
Patrick's Day and March Madness!
What are your plans?
Ran a bath for my son and yelled hey dude....this tubs for you!'
just did.
Will u help me trend: LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 thanks?
:
86 of social media pros are afraid of their corporate social accounts being hacked.
via
stupid kids with no direction or purpose in life.
I wonder where they will end up 5 years from now?
Good one!
no.
We in knoxville, Tn.
car, I was all twisted.
Haha fail so bad.
agreed, thanks for the follow Jason!
Garden tub, wine, candles and a book on progressive enhancement.
Doesn't get better than this.
There is nothing better than putting a smile on someone's face when you lend them a helping hand on their boat first time down this year!
I just got humped by Jimmy Kimmel.
Night complete.
BTW..
if you can't get the Googlelinks..
you should DM your gmail and Follow me on Twitter and I'll hook you up.
Read wine cheap perfume...
Ah graduation weekend, all the parents are in the office to meet their kids professorssors.
How great is this?
My boyfriend is a big nigga.
I mean as in a big dude.
Therefore a big nigga.
Yeah, for sure.
Rain is coming.
Our biggest threat for severe weather is tomorrow.
Tweeps!
If you're interested in buying one of our new shirts, tweet at me tomorrow afternoon and I'll bring them to you!
:
Its not about the period, its about the question mark.
EEk.
So Excited.
What Makes MadMen Great?
via and
James Morrison is amazing  Wonderful World!
Whose in the game?
RT : Life begins when you get out of the grandstand into the game.
P.
L.
Debevoise
Getting ready to head for the Harley Davidson Museum in WI
All Lean Cuisines taste exactly the same.
I wish CBSBigBrother has entirely new guys.
I think I'd be enjoying it more.
You're welcome.
I'm glad you like it  the pizza and the real life example of using social media
Don't call me honey.
Especially if you're younger than me.
Really chaps my hide.
It's suprising how well I'm functioning this morning given the fact that I think I might actually still be asleep.
Hung out with for about an hour...
Real good dude!!!
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam
Yup wasn't nothing but trouble anyway :/ RT : ditto for me.
Except I never got to go around the block, lol.
what a lovely French Oscars :
Gumtree Canoe  John Hartford
Date with pal
great to see you on twitter!
Me and Lil Ugly Mane connect on a real intellectual level.
feel better!
also have a room if you need one.
It's truly amazing the amount of mucus the human body can produce in the span of 3 days.
If only we could turn it into fuel.
certainly want new members.
Website front page is not updated enough.
July meeting is at Porterhouse.
Aug is North Park.
are you going to the game too or do you have to work?
Exercise: you don't have time NOT to!
Unk
asks the question: what is a like really worth on FB?
Can barely keep my eyes open, soon take off, then 5 hours in the air...
This guy comes in here and he's just the fanciest of pants and he's all like, I need your help with my blah blah blah...
AS it just dawned on me of course our pick played on that damn Blue turf smh lol wth man.
You just gave up on me...it's one of those nights where it feels like you don't even care
It is scary to think what I would look like or where I would be if I didn't get saved by the wonders of a Kenston public school education
I guess the thing to do is mention it in the cover letter, so that perhaps my resume doesn't get tossed out of hand.
Wow.
ESPN is putting anyone on tv these days it seems.
You'll see what I'm talking about on in a bit.
.
Definitely!
is the best place to spend 4th of July.
I agree.
Packers made a nice compromise I thought in giving Finley a two year 15million dollar deal
MSNBC is chock full of idiots, but Contessa Brewer has got to be stupidest!
Yeah Contessa, all black folk look alike you dumbell!!
Ask Matt: Should I sell my Home Depot shares now?
USA TODAY
Hells bells RT : Scratch that I AM going to for
Welcome new followers and thanks to all of you for gettingitdone in the PGH!
ALWAYS Sam Adams RT : Should never take waitresses suggestions of beer
The key to change is letting go of fear.
Rosanne Cash
He was the best.
I believe he was the scout who signed Fernando
I beg, and borrow and steal.
Issa letter to DOJ contrasts swift action on Secret Service with FastandFurious
you gotta get to roanoke, virginia.
We rep hoodie all day.
Will any of our followers be attending next weeks prep class?!
Let us know, we love hearing from you!
Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, car or may be a Harley Bike.We will digitize them all for you.
I hope I can sleep my bed is vibrating from my neighbors unbalanced ceiling fan.
Something to smile about: We just marked down spring arrivals from , , Schumacher, Joseph, and Fuzzi.
beerolympics tomorrow...location Omaha, NE...updates to come
DMV employee allegedly said one doctorver was so dangerous he/she was gonna kill someone, but still got license by paying bribes.
lol, how about some content to that tweet man!
Josh Jackson..yah that dude on fringe went to Einstein and rode my bus.
The teachers were all he's gonna be famous.
Well he is famous.
Recall rivers by college campuses
FFM:
I don't know why.
I just got this annoying pain when there's something moving around me.
I get paranoid and irritated easily.
Tomorrow is another day, and still hitting the pavement with submitting for acting projects.
I have, but it's been years.
I think I still have a copy of it somewhere...
omg i wish i was there i love u guys good luck 143 3
Thanks for the follow Wishing loads of acting success!
Yes I'm the jealous type, bare with me here
Duke vs north Carolina Duke all the way baby!!!!!
Good night folks, can't keep my eyes open
MT : Seriously?
National Cleavage Day?
I'll celebrate by using my boobs for their intended purpose, I'll breastfeed my baby.
That I am awesome moment when you get mail from one of your doctoram colleges, even if it's a generic letter.
this feeling 
Okay what the hell is happening in Union Square right now?
Sounds like there are gonna be mass arrests by the NYPD following Trayvon march.
Online commentary focuses on hypocrisy of proposed US sanctions, related to that last Tweet, what with CISPA on the horizon.
chocolate no bake cookies!
if u guys are still on the same shit for 3 years, just let him go, you would force him to stay if all he does is look for an excuse to leav?
A very good choice!
Bubba's a great supporter of and CLE!
RT I want to try out Bubba's BBQ
Thanks for following!
sorry I have been crazy busy.
yes I listened to it.
I hope to start learning it this week.
U have more faith in me than I do lol
S/O To they was rocking with our booth at the LONTS event
Fuck shoutouts, guess who follows me?
I could DM him for you 
Unfortunately True!!
RT : If it still hurts, if you still cry if it still makes you angry
my dvr cut it off right at Kara!!!
Ugh!
Reluctant people need social proof.
My best advice to you, when being chased by someone, is not to waste the time to shout STOP GETTING CLOSER.
It doesn't work.
but are they hating on Philly, libraries or the pretentious bw professorle photo, huh?!
These hoes r so funny
RIP Amy Winehouse.
Tragic loss of perhaps the most original and influential new voice of the last 10 yrs.
Just sad.
Remember when investigators were called dicks?
Pete Thamel should be reminded.
no problem homie!
Thank you!
Lol
2 thumbs up!
I was confused...
I thought I missed one of his at bats or something.
Thanks for clarifying!
Make it a double because it's CincoDeMayo and game time !
they mad cuz they fallin off
the last time you and I all played together.
lol.
i didn't really talk to her that much.
i don't even remember her name.
check out an interview with Sam on Soundcheck on NPR today at 2pm!
Why is my 6'4 295 pound cousin wearing a banana suit?
any day is a good day for ice cream.
Cheers to Accomplishment Tuesday!
May everyone's doctorams come true.
I'm about to doctorve out to Livestrong.
Tornadoes are far away so far.
in talking about the songs i've recently recorded...
someone today said oh...
you used, like, real doctorms?
sigh.
Princess and the Frog is delightful.
Everyone's leaving with that feel good feeling.
Everyone!
kinky roland mix is great!
Does anyone have a paranormal experience they want to share with us this Halloween?
Email us your experience!
you know they signed sealed and finna b delivered to da one that i doctoram about all day
Nfl.com analysts have the first team potentially picking HeywardBey as the Ravens.Nice for a McDonogh boy to make his NFL home Baltimore.
Seems like a good night for a party!!!
Oh yeah!!
:
Seen some gd opps in Minneapolis  it gets real cold here but summer is nice and quality of living is very high.
Big Metro too.
I've been distracted saving everyone's name in a globalclassroom Twtr list.
Teaching 7th gr world geog next yr.
I'm so excited to connect.
That is not dead which can eternal lie br And with strange aeons even death may die.
we will try not!
haha
iphone 3g for att for sale....dm
Are you guys following this Delisle trial?
It's a murder trial in French.
My head may explode
RT PLS HELP MY SIS OUT send email to vote with the subject Green Home 1 she's finalist for 30k!
Had fun with the family 
we have a summer internship program, you can forward your resume to

Don't forget the essay on the back.
Extra credit is buying me a milkshake.
Glad u could make it!
Great crowd.
: Good win and big crowd tonight for and over Centre.
Not too late to come see Where the Yellowstone Goes in its 1st public screening tonight I know and are coming
New York City are you ready for NYE 2012?
love the cake remix do it big riri!!!
Is there a German word for selfdestructive Googleing?
Go like conquer the shore on facebook there releasing a song when they hit 250 //www.facebook.com/pages/ConquerTheShore/182436495122033
I made 2009 tweets...
i love 2009 that was my year bt now i am in my own zone
Fight.
For your right.
To party.
It's a beautiful day for some football  come on out to Liberty Station and join us.
Ladies play for free today!!
Nice letter on your blog.
I bought all your books and have begun the first!
A pox on you, Easter, and all your sinful chocolates.
Sorry about that.
Pierce.
Not sure how to interpret these circumstances: One week ago, I took a defensive doctorving course.
Last night had a doctoram about a car accident.
hey I live in the same neighbor hood and yea it's changing BIG time
I'm actually talking with support right now.
Cross your fingers.
Not much longer I hope.
DC Question: What neighborhood is the corner of N.
Capitol and P Streets NW?
Is it still Shaw?
So many new changes in this old life of mine.
Reinventing myself.

And I don't know why it gets better than this, in a storm with my BEST doctorss, FEARLESS.
Can't wait  and I bet you're 100 times more excited than !.
:
: Fxck Fruit Of The Loom .
Hanes Got The Best Underwear  Socks Also Sports Bra .
SeriousTweet lmao is it tht serious
it's cool, my twitter has been a bitch to me today lol
try changing photo to lower resolution.
Weltome to Twitter!!!
When are you leaving town?
Art is very much like being single.
'I like you, do you want to come home with me?' It's like that.
Making my lesson plan for tomorrow.
Romney and Gingrich are like professorssors on the stage schooling 4th graders.
The funny thing is that both are still horrendous candidates.
well that sucks.
I was kinda enjoying those tweets.
I know!
Definitely one of my favorite lenses!
Only problem is that it's a zoom.
So i have to back up a lot for close ups!
BEAT 'em Up Up UP!
I can't wait either!!
Brutal loss.
32 Real Salt Lake in full time.
Wendy gotta get the fuck outta my mentions with that oh shit tho.
Watching the original Alien movie.
Yeah, they're gonna be smoking on a spaceship.
Riiiiighht.
Done forthe day and the only thing I wanna do, right now is chill with my baby....gt this sad feeling nw tht only she cn tke away.
Durant coulda got a better look than that ...
I finally accomplished something today.
: Glad we are tweeter friends, Nina!!
me too!!!!
he did??
At least he asked!
Cutest thing ever RT : Fall in love at a coffee shop.
Kork Wine  Cheese launches a daily hot lunch special!
Fried Chicken, Mashed Potatoes  Gravy!
Words of wisdom from Yogi Bear you never fail unless you stop trying had to pause it to cement the lesson into my kids brain
Closed tonight for maintenance, lucid veganism.
What is lil mama wearing
MT Hitting Gozo comes back to haunt Moore.
BB to Ross.
10
If you make eye contact w/ a black guy  he touches his nose, that's code for he's selling cocaine right?
SoulPurpose, a different kind of company .......
www.eccentriksoul.soulpurpose.net
it's got some really good songs in the ep
Holtby vs Lundqvist on long hair hotness
I just now learned about the earthquake and hope all my friends East of me are well.
miss ya babe so much
Is 30 Rock's Kim Jong Il racist or because it's Kim Jong Il it's all okay?
Like those awkward World War II Looney Tunes?
under the mistletoe is amazing!
your best ever !
Thanks!
We'll be inducting Cole Porter, the Bergman's and our friend, mister Manilow.
Will be fun!
Alabama BCSChamps and a shutout to boot.
Best team in the country hands down.
See ya later
Likes to shove cucumbers up her culo hahaha
What an unbelievable comeback by the
Spent my monday sick on the couch watching The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo trilogy, I have to ask, why remake them?
Americans cant read?
like i wanna talk to that person but i don't think I'm ready for that yet
I'm becoming the Michael Jordan of waiting for late MFers!
I do the same thing except it is usually at night.
The greater the height the more strength thats required the deeper the depth the weakness of ignorance.
Very cool that the entire Cosby Show series can be streamed on Netflix.
I'll be one of the artists presenting Hispanic Earth Day tonight at PAXBrickell.
Come support Mother Earth!
We hope to see you tonite 15
Shoutout to the class of 2012
I dusted off my copy of tiger 12 to play a few rounds
The sound of a leaf blower is the perfect soundtrack to a gruesome murder.
Did you know John Woods works for Newt Gingrich's super PAC???
Bahahhaha aahahaah ahahahaha!
amazing, unbelievable eyegasm.
AJ on KQ10 two hearts vs KQ and Jh9h all in on flop....
I hold..
25k going into dinner
I can't wait till I get my
you already know:
can you clic my follow button to see if it works?
Olympic Village research: Watched the closing credits of the Atlanta Olympic Games, the triumphs and the heartbreak, all around play setting
The Atlanta Falcons played some pretty good football this weekend.
Way to go Michael Turner!
Great Day!
Heading to Pedoctor's for the UFC fights tonight with ...pulling for Evans, but as usual, whomever I want to win usually loses.

Happy memories sometimes lose in our minds, but, why do bad memories still hurt our feelings?
Ok ok damn !!!!!
Lol I'm sorry
What is your favorite music genre?
And let's give a NAFSA10 warm Twitter welcome to his 1st NAFSA  1st Tweetup!
Another tragic case of cocoa powder lung.
I tried following but they say i have reached my following limit.
I need more followers so I can follow other ppl.
Rain Friday?
C'mon man we got a show.
MT So is the schools plan basically the SD4GS ballot measure that failed to make the ballot?
Playing L.A.
Noire :
Waking up after the 1st screening of Where the Yellowstone Goes.
Feels good to get this baby out there.
Great start!
I was stuck in a group with two boys for two periods straight and then I was asked to look at someone's butt XD Someone help me!
Really have had a blessed day, I'm so undeserving tho.
thank u my new best friend
Austin Is Our Texas Boy !
3
Will be guest starring in Saturday night....
come on out !
u are one of my favorite women wrestlers TRISH !
Im a huge fan even though I'm a boy 
ireallymiss none of my exes.
They justg taught me lessons on life, but i'd never go back
Thanks mom for deminishing my self esteem to absolutely nothing.
Not in FL...
It isn't unbearably hot outside yet ahah :
STRUGGLING!!!!
Now that the postgame has been cancelled, should help a little...
moon looks like a Rossogulla tonight.
D Either that or I'm hungry again P
one week left!
Get your tix now!!
Watching River Monsters at my parents...
Being lazy for 10 min...
Some athletes use Viagra as a performanceenhancing doctorg
Justin Bieber and 50 Cent.
Ask me later.
: Skinny Cow Fr.
Van.
Truffle Bars contain microcrystalline cellulose, or finely ground wood pulp!But they're so good!
Why is Tony Robbins showing up on my who to follow
Some day you will see
Spring break!!!!!
Idk what to think anymore o.O
thank you i just followed u
That thing needs some interrogation.
By me.
And everyone else.
:
Baby my heart cold, but you see my wrist the coldest
Thanks  RT Come in today for our awesome Thursday specials: 2 Tacos, 5 Jose Cuervo shots  5 BlueMoon doctorfts.
Check out Ted Palmer on YouTube.
NEW MUSIC.
Become a Fan!
140 characters just isn't enough.
Thanks for everything and congrats on your next chapter.
Couldn't have screwed that up anymore if I tried.
Great pic!
The expression say it all.
:
I am so proud of you!
YOUR PERFORMANCE AT VOICE WAS BOOM
Loving Bruno Mars!
Dear , we look forward to selling the funniest shirts you've ever seen.
That is all.
had studio last night but was not feeling good AT ALL.
oh the life of a teenager.
back at it soon though good stuff comin your way!
xo
etech08 etech needs a new revolution to ride
We are playing Jacksonville.
And Buster picks Melky up from third with a grounder through the right side of the IF, Giants close the gap to 43
no fb darling, my boyfriend and i deactivated them.together
Congratulations.
What great news!
Fish, salad and water!
No icecream for you says My kids think I'm mean.
HA!
They need to meet Osmin.
It's on top of my cassette tapes ooh did I just say cassete
Sounds like Revenge is about to come to an end.
Anyone know when its season ends.
Feels like soon.
Nothing left to fall apart, WOW!
Computer Works 360 is on Twitter!
SOTD is Devastate by Born of Osiris.
The League go hard on Champagne  Chickenheadz
Without leaps of imagination, or doctoraming, we lose the excitement of possibilities
to where?
almost done with proposal due Monday for book chapter on working with faculty writers
that's some nasty shut!
And he was black
awh thank you!
:
I don't trust these bitches: they might, they might catch me slippin
It's wise and necessary to know your gifts but lazy and naïve to ignore your weaknesses.
Come have a Beer and a Laugh right now!
Comedy Starts at 9Pm
RT : RT : We must abandon the prevalent belief in the superior wisdom of the ignorant.
DANIEL J.
BOORSTIN
I don't think SD is ready for this.
This is going to be epic!
Empire state of mind
Just finished the booktrailer for Slant of Light by  am very happy.
I'll be posting it soon.
THanks for following.
Hope all is well with you.
Word!
Need a new phone though.
My doctorid's OS is a,fail cc Time to get on this bandwagon!
AMEN RT : Stop bitching it clients don't get it.
it's our job to help them get it.
Meet them where they are, listen.
Do not be afraid or discouraged for the Lord your God is with you where ever you go.
Thanks for the follow.
I like your site.
Something different.
Magic number for foodhub financial viability seems to be 1M in gross sales
i just did

all I hear is blah blah blah blah blah..
yeeeaaaa shut the fuck up, I'm payin no attention to your bullshit
A call after 1030 means nothing but booty!
Lol!
During testing, audiences categorized ER as action/adventure because of camera movement.
Merry Christmas or Kwanza or Hanukkah or whatever you believe in me it is the day they deligated to celebrate the birth of Christ
What if I wasn't me?
I would totally be miserable.
How would I know?
because I know myself
yoga at bonnet house starting in january...details soon!
AMC2011 Black Lesbian Brilliance panel was lovely.
Lots of activism and community/family talk.
New Jersey Nets 23 Milwaukee Bucks 24 End Of 1st nets bucks nba
wink wink
go to bed already, it's passed your bedtime.
I need you at full strength tomorrow to get me thru my rush hour on the palghetto.
Playing free for all :
I am going to barely be home in June.
Way to tweet from the wrong account, self.
I feel like im gonna die...
:pp
What happened there?!
heeeeeyyyyyyyyyy.....
here's my bimonthly twit I mean tweet.
; Hey Everyone!
has to have a take 2 on First Pitch!!
1st was way outside w/ a little bounce!
Music is my life, because there is a song for every situation....
What was your 1st digital camera?
Depends what you're looking for, I say go north.
I love New England!
Vermont and Cape Cod, Massachusetts are BEAUTIFUL!
National Honesty Day???
Seriously?
It's Thursday  that means another awesome special!
Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread  sm doctornk for 7tax!
Aw today is senior prom!
Have fun!!!
has the shittiest customer service I have ever seen.
I am looking hard for an alternative as we speak.
fuckyou
I need to make a bucket list.
Excited to go to with in July.
Summer is going to be badass :
Don't nothing make money like a mouthpiece.
Deal or not.
These hands are made to touch millions!!!!
flipbigclass stds prefer lectures delivered via lec cap be 30 min or less.
From UT Austin study on flipping the classroom.
Mom its way to early to argue
Kim great job in pregame today!
People say that the yanks are in the twins heads.
You think Lee is in the Yankees'?
On the phone with my bff 3
thank u for lovin us like u do :
OH HELL NO!
Just cuz its a cafe and 10 AM DOesn'T mean Ur SQUARE AsS Can Ask 2 TURn me
want to return to Seattle next Thursday and be on our hackingedu TV show?
Thanks!
Hopefully the weather cooperates so we don't get preempted for severe weather coverage.
Outdoor soccer, beers and wings  a solid Tuesday night.
I was just talking bout that place last night Hahahaha.
There tri tip and all of the above is on hit.
Fuck now I wanna go
Enjoying the VMAs!!
really thats cool, ron dont know yet!
lol!
I'm not throwing stones.
I'm far from perfect but don't want to be mislead either.
Thanks : you'll do awesome in Psych too!
I'm going to sleep
RT : RT : All you hoes that want to cuddle stop it cause no one wants to cuddle with a eater
roxanne you chinese
Real Friends.
Enough said.
yeaahhhh i was like um O.o i wasnt even online lols.............
The doctorgons!
I thought this was my final year coaching high school basketball, but it looks like those plans have changed.
2 be honest not all brands will make it 2 freshnripe,its not that ur brand aint dope but the way you do business.dont mean to offend anyone
looks like your Bolts are winning!
:D
RT : Luv the pic Eric and hat rocks!
,,kudos to Aaron!
Good Morning BALTLANTA!
Details on Sunday's game coming soon.
Stay tuned.
use to love doing cross stitch when i was a younglin
Thanks!
Is indeed raphael.js.
Also a bit of lesscss and jquery.
The tools made it a very pleasant onepager.
Heh.
Well, there is that.
Ugh...
Dating in Los Angeles as a divorced woman in her 30s...
Ugh!
Need I say more?
UGH I lost a follower.
Unfollowers are a bitch .
i mean if u're happy childoctorn get up and dance
Oh geez.
I just saw the headline now.
The damage estimates seem huge.
Once I have a few spare moments, I'll dive in.
Thanks!
I'll say ....
Impressive man, testament of hard work no doubt!
what u n Isaac up to tell him I said hi.
Is he still w his girl?
not yet sir...
Not yet haha
Retrain Tip: Staying active not only improves physical health but mental health as well.
Mind body connection in its truest form.
2yrold's favorite phrase is Broken, Daddy which is almost always uttered as he's breaking something.
So excited for and the Fighting Irish Ladies!!!!
Opening day  and masters week  life is good
you fit in the rusher family with us :
The Shot in the Dark Stout homebrew kit is finally here.
Apparently we need to make a yeast starter.
This time we mean it!
Tonight's PBS' AmericanMasters professorles Oscarwinning Jeff Bridges.
On MPTV 36 at 8PM.
NHL, no.
NFL?
Ravens.
FML.
At least the Orioles can always be counted on to be consistent...ly bad.
Orange juice and a blunt for breakfast, while i read the paper..finna hit the block, bout to see some paper..
Let's see if we can reach today's goal of 75!
Every  helps!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
My feelings were hurt...wow!...
Yay no school for me :D
Wendy, don't you feel remorse that you and I could have saved this company?
love that doctorwing!
girls who cant walk in their heels 
just registered for my final classes for this degree: both online, so i can finish my degree from MI and move with my hubby when he moves:
If you don't like me..don't pretend to like me.
What does that do for u...or me?
Serious words of advice: Never marry someone with a mental illness.
RT : Today is worldentrepreneurshipday.
Entrepreneurs  what motivates you most?
SEXUAL WEDNESDAY
Enjoy your sunscreen!
Good luck this season!!!!!
Attempted a new pose in hot yoga today and almost succeeded :
EDU11 but what about when you're 18 and don't know what you want to be?
I just finished Silver Sparrow too!
loved it.
Tayari is one of my faves.
Have you read her other books?
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own
no problem!
Yourself.
RT What or who defines success?
You are so unpredictable..
I don't care what the directions say, we're grilling this frozen pizza.
Season saving hit for Gardner?
Paranoid Andoctorid is the great artistic achievement of our lifetime.
Can't wait!
bartscott RT : Excited for I'm gonna make you the best cake bro!
the sun goes down.
The stars come out.
And all that counts is here and now.
My universe will never be the same.Im glad you came
the HT stores near me don't restock on many free or cheap items before the weekly sales cycle ends, but I've heard some stores do
Shout out to for following us!
Bring us on air for a shine!
you need to get on some of them ol classic sitcoms.
Funny stuff right there.
I loved the digital projects session at NCPH, great seeing how technology has added to the field of Public History.
Florida!
Wont tweet as much :/ too much fun!
Vid comin soon :
Trying to get rid of my bad body double...
friends don't let friends do dumb shit...alone.
yes, I am agreeing with you re your concern over interpretation.
I am getting sick of me always missing out on all good hats Just because I have school It's unfair you need to release later on
Thanks for the kid complement!
CONGRATS JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER!
18 YEARS
what?
Damn
have a great weekend  thnx FF!
Twitter is so boring when Austin doesn't tweet.
Omg baby, come back!
A midget, White Walkers, doctorgons  Bastards.
Sounds like Vegas.
Fucking Heath Bell
: Westbrook  best pg in the nba No fool.
Just the best scoring pg
Can you tell me da way to your heart
We want to hear about your heritage!!
Don't forget to include the ProudAmerican hashtag
stop lighting shit on fire!
are you mister Burns?
Excited about starting new video projects for two longstanding clients.
Added case studies on website of two recent, fun projects.
Writing music on the beach
You're welcome!
It was a valuable article with an ontarget message/angle...keep it up!
Thank you!
Thats the way I roll.
You will have no problem becoming the most famous.
Your a superhero..duh!
Has anyone NOT regretted an armband tattoo, really?
I mean ten years later you look at it and say that was an awesome call.
Large or little company, they are as worthy as you to have attention paid to their art.
Hahahahahaha its so funny when u see 2 people wearin the same shirt
Congrats to my old boss on winning the Swarovski Award for Womenswear!
So happy for you, Prabal.
I feel like that cheesy bites pizza hut commercial ripped off gold on the ceiling by the black keys
If I occasionally tweet them directly would it be still considered twistalking??
ain't it though?
Final advice: practice, make mistakes.
Use music, but not a script.
Utilize  develop your network of friends.
And do promote!
Whew.
Rough flight..
Best part of dwts was Gents the Song was off the Charts copchase austin Definitely Representing !
Very proud that UC was represented last weekend by one of its best Dec 11 undergrad graduates  THATcamp games.
jabberin jibbin fibbin and adlibbin.
I love it when I make her laugh so hard she just can't stop
tweets and gets in news I tweet and get nothing
Apparently she still does random TV, VO, and was in There's Something About Mary.
Thanks, IMDB for pointless info!
Reduce your plan to writing..
The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
N.
Hill
I'm looking for Ray Finkel....and a clean pair of shorts
Relegation battle in EPL: portsmouth is down.
Hull is 99.9 down.
Burnley must win today to stay up.
not much suspense!
I'll bet you 5 Davidson gets reprimanded too if you give me 100:1 odds.
what's good?!?!
Cali's good, but only 7 weeks left out here.
Can't wait to move home!!
How've you been?
Seemed like a long day today...
The next 5 ppl to meet us get free CD w/ticket purchase.
Text/call 3034835208 or 7209381530 when you get to Park Meadows to meet up!
Exactly.
That's why get so frustrated that Congressional DEMs won't go on offense, push them back on their heels like PBO does.
My softball team needs a massage therapist.
Or I need cleats that aren't from middle school.
Maybe both.
People need to ask me more harder questions
how the shit are you supposed to know, if it is a waste of time?
I just earned the 'Live To Dance Hokey Pokey' badge on CBS.com!
whatchu talkin bout phoenix I still follow you!
performing today.
Here is my chance to crowd surf in the office.
If you have a special fishing memory with you share with your Mom comment below and tell us about it..
FF  and join or support The Actors Fund teams!
It's a fabulous day for an important cause!
25 movein special for 5x10 climate controlled units!
It's a great size unit to store all your summer gear in!
All the mentions are gone from my Twitter interactions tab.
So if you're trying to talk to me, I'm not ignoring you.
Twitter is.
I know you want it so come and get it.
Feeling an adoctornaline rush as I prepare my statements for the 3/22/12 COVE Ward 5 Candidates Forum.
letsmoveforward with Amanda 5/15/12
This week on Luvmour Family Relationships: Gratitude in the Family.
Listen Thursday at 1pm or download at www.luvmourfamilyrelationships.com
Haha its alright!!
You need to come give me those ugly frog shoes!!
Maybes that will keep my feet warm
survey?
Rude or just honest?
Guess it depends...New Yorkers are also honest
im me if u r horny
Backstage at SXSW: MNdoctor Doomtree, and Lower Dens  SPIN
when you tweet to much!
If you are grumpy, irritable, or just plain mean, there will be a 10 charge for helping you.
from a sign at the corner store..
Kindness in words creates confidence.
Kindness in thinking creates professorundness.
Kindness in giving creates love.
Lao Tzu
gorgeous.
the jealousy is killing me :
i think that's the funniest joke you ever made, Dave!
;
Look forward to meeting this week!
:: hey dmac, if we don't land Peyton do you thin Broncos will look for another veteran QB from FA??
Maybe a Donovan McNabb??
I met great folks and learned a ton!!
FF The most amazing tweeps around this place , ,  !
Like how you had the Broncos moving up for Kirkpatrick, but I think they may have to go ahead of DET to get him.
I was in lalaland until Monday, that's why I clapped right thru that hope you like sausages comment.
Phone is fuckin up.
Cool.
When you learn to work with a horse, you learn about your own relationship with yourself and others.
americans are hard working, but lazy thinkers......
Call me maybe:
Mom: You blame me for everything!
Mom: Why did you close the shower curtain?
Me: I didn't.
Mom: WHO ELSE COULD IT BE?!!?
i'll keep her in my prayers
I speak for th millions who donT and wonT watch unappealG characters actG out lowlife storylines on
nearly from the fat content alone
yea I am!
If you haven't already, please help us welcome to Twitter with a follow!
Last night I was crying so much lol
it's been the ruin of many a poor boy
Sexy Sam!
Dont go out and buy things you dont need just because theyre a great deal.
Whatever you loose in this life,'it doesn't matter' make sure u never loose the one thing money can not buy.
ETERNAL LIFE!
team continues fly around LatinAmericanTour next stop Argentina have fun
hahaha.
Nice.
Yes we had to decide on a new one last year.
Forget what we got

TY 4 sponsoring 2011 Shoot To Cure event!
Can't wait until Friday night.
Thx again!
New york city could not be any better.
I simply love being there.
We have discovered the best food in the world!
Sweet potato fries wrapped in bacon!!!
Making chocolate caramel mousse!
I was not there.
I went to another.
sorry it made a difference because the Patriots would have never beat the Rams in New Orleans.
missingtapes can't let go!
I wanted to see YOUR reaction to it!!
I didn't even know you still went D: I miss you!
Thanks so much for the retweet.
:
cool story
I loved Whatever you love by Louise Doughty.
English mysteries are my fave.
e.g.
Sophie Hannah
Holiday photo shoot about to get underway!
Behind the scenes photos coming soon!
OMG : wtf RIP Donna Summer
Nice ....
right to name calling  you've convinced me it must be a great show...
Thanks!
I just got some of my favorite Vapour product!
TY for the follow!
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
i would usually agree, but im really not up for running 13 miles every thursday..
i could barely breath today
Did you know that on our RSRA reports we do not default to high risk?
Try us today and see how we can help you with your todo list.
Wasn't nearly the ass whooping I thought it would be.
McCown earned his stripes today!
Packers better tighten up in the post season.
Yay I got my phone back!
Enjoyed a great run on this beautiful 50 degree January day...in Wisconsin!
OMG.
Today, I fell.
down the stairs.
but like, as I was falling I turned it into a flip , somersault thing.
And yeah.
I landed on my feet.:
Lol stupid time.
come back labor day weekend!
I might be there!!
the restaurant?
Oh and his name is Thanos, look him up on Marvel website :
We'll be talking NFL doctorft coming up with Jason Wilde.
Got any questions?
One for the old guys.
Ground Control to David Toms, T8 after a 69 at the
Get some sun today!
Take your workouts outside.
ha ha ye sir!!
This is Brilliant!
Thanks
thanks for the love
yes so am i!!!
the 30th needs to come already!!!
idk whats wrong with my twitpic uploader thinggy but its actin kinda retarded right now :
good thing I had torres in salary cap.
did you watch Balotelli have a tantrum when he wasn't allowed to take the free kick?
Calling all artists!
As the spring sets in new art competitions rise!
Submit to the 2011 Adamouski biannual art competition today.
26 more LIKES to make 200!
Can we do it before the weekend is done?
Crazy goal in sabres game to tie it up
Happy Star Wars day!
men are the worst when they are sick
good morning y'all!
nice same here my grandmother got me into it when i was 6 years old did you have a favorite wrestler or diva
:: hey, we sure could use some snappy writers around here.
know anyone?
: hope you're well!
I just figured out you were here!
I am used to seeing you on Facebook!
Hey innw attendees: do you think that email is going to be the next snail mail?
love you bruhhh :
Can someone give me a woof!
DAMN H ON TEAM MONEY MAYWEATHER TOO.
NOW WE KNOW MAYWEATHER AINT JOBBING TO COTTO
mix session
How was your festivus?
New Day, Same Shit, Diff Round.
ah!
no!
this is awesome!
will have to dig in tonight.
thanks!
new digit 1954439
better hustle ..can't play without my 2nd baseman
Me to for that matter
Skip Bayless doesn't like you.
In honor of our delivery kickoff: Order one pizza for delivery  get 5 knocked off price of a second pie!
A woman shouldn't need twitter to feel CONFIDENT  SEXY; you suppose to feel that way BEFORE SIGNING IN TWITTER
Practicing my Irish dialect for a read coming up.
Wish me luck:
lmao!
I will agree to that...but hittin some iron and and the elliptical does haha
somebody please shake the financial industry.
hard to believe how bad they are behaving.
Routing for
Putting a coca cola lid on a mountain dew bottle.
thanks so much!
wat up evry body just up tweetin anybody awake
It's good to see you online Free, I was wondering when a Pimp was gon' show up.
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there  Will Rogers
are you serious?
Sigh.
Bakersfield is far.
Are your parents letting you go?
Romney needs to shut up, he's a dumbass.
hear about Carly Rae jepsen's call me maybe at 90210!
:D
great idea.
Taking as action 4 me.
: RT : Q4 Share conference hashtags  Have the home team participate...
lrnchat
TWO THINGS TO REMEMBER: DON'T make decisions when you're angry and DON'T make promises when you're happy.
Report finds city of LA could expect to receive additional 5.8 million in property taxes in the next fiscal year.
amazing musicians.
: Which is your favorite album?!
sorry lo vi el otro dia y me fui a comer .
Is George Mason in Arlington still shut down in both directions over by the hospital?
Trying to plan my route home....
Are You An Independent Artist???
Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!!
and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
That unfortenate moment when u relize ur to poor to afford a decent haircut
Waiting to hear from Facebook's head of learning and development Stuart Crabb at
Have you thought of how each candidate could utilize CST to connect more effectively with the electorate
thank you : The Happy Dance is yet to be captainred, but soon will be.
It's the cutest thing where she hops around in excitement!
Thank you!!!
I followed you :
All these pics my dude puts up makes me wanna dip work and go to Florida!
Am going for a workout to clear my head
Our 30,000 BBJP is primed and ready, come on down and try your luck, good, bad or otherwise.
I should have gone out earlier so I could make sure I'm in time to watch
HAHA.
We'd be labeled the next Todd Foreman...
Oy, not a good thing.
is it just me or is everyone in a shithole mood today?
or have i put everyone in a shithole mood?
If you would 'like' to become a friend of the Autism Spectrum Center please send friends requests to Gerri Taylor
RT If you graduated from college,

What is this Pantone you speak of?
What's crackin Heidelberg?!
I'm a Madonna fan, but kind of disappointed.
She still can sing though.
LOL  'Interrupted another couple from audience about to kiss on parking garage elevator!
Sorry!
Um...4th floor please!
loves how present mendeley is on twitter.
If only I could tweet a question about every app I use and get direct answers from the devs.
me to.
It doesn't require a belief in a higher being to have morals, values or to live right.
RT :
Linked in asked if i know Carey Ann Parker Sales  Marketing at Steve Parker Productions, Inc.
Didn't even know I had my own production co.!
how am i gonna send yu a pic :
TheySay you never know what you have until its gone.
Man I'm so sick of this bullshit.
Hey Leafs fans, why don't you go back to heckling your own terrible goalies?
you're lucky
RT : All zeroes through 4.5 innings.
'Topes looking to get on the board in the B5.
Good Morning Twitter!
can use the AC and the heater in the same day.
Which happens ALL THE TIME.
Lol
much light love to your day !!
thank you love!
Any plans on a new book?
I've finished crush it, and close to finishing the TYE.
liked you better when you were black and hated on the deaf kid...
Feeling gamey yall best d up
Lmaoo that's fine 
whatever gets you through the day lol
it probably stands for masterpiece, his nickname.
Hey, Laura!
Happy New Year.
When will you be back in NE?
going live at 4pm with a brandnew from On Deck downtown!
www.trailblazers.tv
ASKBRODY What's your favorite thing that you like about me?
RT The older I get, the more I think I owe my parents an apology...
Just got tics to Blackhawks/Red Wings game for tonight.
San Antonio: 20 chance of a shwr today and evening in SA, strong storms SE counties.
Today: Mostly cloudy, 20 chance of a rain.
High 80.
is it bad that I can't even read my own handwriting...?
Regardless, that brings back good memories of wandering through Berlin!
Gosh that guy at Kroger was chatty.
Nice, though.
Sometimes I wonder how I got so lucky to have you as my girlfriend.
But then I realize....wait I still don't know how.
I love u
I'm just gonna stay up for a few days I got too much on my mind to even consider sleep
Thanks for the RT, see you tomorrow!
If the Knicks could get Carmelo, we could get your startup the resources it needs.
Come find us at www.BizCocoon.com
Iron man or Hulk I would love being that rich spontaneous smart ass genius with a High tech super metal suit!
Id be fly as fuck
can you get back to me
So I'ma fsu with these guise saturday.
;D
and again u r one strange lil girl,so lol what r up to?
: 33
Ha!
That was a great game though, good for ash for putting up such a fight
Is anyone going to see them at the Emerson soon?
that's interesting
SO GRATEFUL: Thank you to all of my new and existing clients this month.
Your support means a lot to me.
I was on a ship train!!!!!
Bring your special one out for a nice dinner!
Best nap of my life.
Trying to wrap my brain around Tinker Tailor.
I must Ve missed something vital in act 1.
Ladies you are not ready for the surprises that we are about to bring you!!!
Anyone want to guess what these surprises are??
Hey Do you still make crowns?
I want to use them in a lesson for middleschoolers!
wait why we're Yahll on the news lol ?
dude way the hell??
You really messed up with this update.
I am going to have to find better program much like old tweet deck.
Can you get the hint?
Lil Trill  Retarded
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 19
Jimmy Kimmel scores on both teams at White House Correspondence dinner.
Celebrities cheapened the event for me.

just got back in..
Its so boring Oo
Got my good taste in music from my dad
seriously...is that poop or meatballs?
Can never get a brake
that's what I get!!!
your talking about the one in north side Denver right!?
Backyard cleanup pt.
1 is done.
LOTS of awesome salamanders back there!
Someone ran their car into the front doors of the school...
: Dont make excuses for people they know how theyre SUPPOSED to treat you they just choose to treat you wrong.
The next exciting news: MischiefMaker is going to be selling zombies at the 13th Floor Haunted House!
13thfloorhauntedhouse.com
Task, managerial, and leadership are the main areas of work today  Ron Carlee of ICMA
Yes, really.
Every time I think the sick thugs at NRA can't go any lower, they find a way to sink beneath even themselves.
That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker  there's no way around them.
I love the idea  we should pitch it to Bain/LJow/Kate PM?
I miss tropical weather pretty much every day
just got an awesome deal on yoga classes through LivingSocial.
so excited!
yeah we did!
We do!
We can send one of our reporters out to deliver some by tomorrow or Thursday
there is no other way to be!
Either appreciate the music or get the fuck out so everyone else can!
: followback 33
yeeeey cant wait!
I think I finally see what everyone else saw in you.
Off for dinner out then I AM MY OWN WIFE  Seattle Rep.
I understand some sporting event is taking place tonight as well?
Madge?
LOL okay then
what is up josh!?!
Does your kisses mean anything or is it just your way of escaping from your troubles?
Multiple projects and impending deadlines make me prolific.
Normally, I'm super lazy.
RIP sweet misterDick Clark!
You will be missed.....
8 months today with 
Sometimes I feel like the only person who dislikes A Song of Ice and Fire and American Gods.
Brazilian  Favela Soul Party Bollywood Cafe : 19th and Mission San Francisco Sat, June 4, 10pm
yes it def is.
Beats our fests anyday.
I like Madison Wisconsin a lot too.
you raise a good question...
we r following community benefit initiatives
sometime during our long late night talks, our laughs together, and the random acts of kindness ...
i fell in love :
effed up priorities.
Sofia has nice cleavage but it's never pulled ratings like SBXLV ;
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
William Ewart Gladstone Great talent finds happiness in execution.
There are hourly usage minutes on twitter?
Really???
well i guess im off for the nite bout to talk to him GNT
I absolutely believe Spike Lee would lose a civil lawsuit in a second!!!
Z's family should sue him!
Make ALL your regrets, as a Lesson learned.
MilwaukeeDictionary Trapping Out here walking hood to hood or just yo hood
Hell 'just frozeover', as they say; I've waited 25 years to hear someone laud Borges / Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius!
haha i dont even know him but one night he called my dad asking for a ride.
My dad asked Jake do you know a Jeremy Gonzalis haha
Sorry.
I was on Ambien last night  don't remember answering back.
Lollollol
Work time..
oh yes...LONG before him!
Soo uhh wanna be a doll and give me your math homework tomorrow at lunchh?:
Ugh.
8k by leveling myself that this guy was making a move.
20kish.
Stay warm!
18 inches of snow?
We were struggling here in Seattle with 1/4 of that!
i like stephen A.
smith, but he will overlook the SPURS any day of the week and twice on sundays
I am so glad it's Friday :
Agreed very sad news.
We all pray for peace and an end to terrorism.
Hamas MUST be stopped!
Right back at ya Bernie!
Go Brewers!!
RT I hope you were the passenger!
Love !
Hey UC Irvine!
We have the perfect idea for your spring break destination!
Head up to !
I fly in that night.
Just heard Matt King scream with joy from the floor below.
Nerlens Noel to Kentucky.
girl I know how you feel.
Saw a picture of it w/a bunch of other Southern food online and got a real bad craving for it.
Fuck my family and passig down their terrible feet gene
Good Afternoon America, how are you?
Don't you know me?
I'm your native son!
Its s day of relaxation......maybe
Hearing a Holocaust survivor tell her tale makes all of my life's stupid problems seem, well, stupid.
Thank you, Raye David, for sharing.
Lately as we continue focus on the Core Attitudes of Jesus, it has lead me to ask how well are they the core attitudes for my family?
Nickel and dime hustlers I'm now hundoctords and thousands hustlers
I used to blast Metallica on my walkman cassette player in middle school!
Any One Wanna Talk
stupid ppl kill for stupid reasons
I laugh when I see girls with suspicious eyebrows!
Good morning, everyone.
Now, when someone says Good Morning to you, it's always nice to say it back.
Let's not be rude.
: that's the 2nd one.
The 3rd one has matthews and is equally stupid ,Right?
Commercial GENIUS!
Employers plan to hire 21 more recent grads this year: goo.gl/5bg9z
thanks for the shout out!!!
Hope you're diggin the tunes  nice to meet you :
your friend blaming about things that are serious and then being friends with them again.
.
.
your a sick person lmao GROW UP
Finally eating dinner
right now they are done for the season  but what do you need help with?
Oh, shit.
I should be studying D:
Oh god.
Today is awful
just wondering: how many of you actually listen to podcasts?
The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.
Hazrat Inayat Khan
Benefit of Being Jobless: Daily encouragement from friends reminding me that I was too damn good for the old job anyway.
I'm so doctornk lmao
me me me ive got 8.5 that needs a place a go
I write to make sense of the world, to discover what I think, to share what I'm passionate about.
Why does the word moist strike me as gross, while the word damp doesn't?
The connotation isn't really different.
Goldberg: how do narrative modes represent the relationship between lament and innocence of the subject?
i gotta give props to my body cause most people would get sick with the hell i put my body through
Loved tonights episode!
ECHELON3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT YOOO!!
TEAMSELFISH COME TURN UP!!
What happens to DH researches when the supporting faculty retire?
Week 4 PhillyHunt Clue: Don't let the ice storm stop you from picking up The Daily News tomorrow, the question will come from the paper.
Why am I at the lake?
Therapists in the Congo?
I highly doubt it.
What do you think?
Happy birthday to one of the world's master storytellers  !
You always keep it interesting.
:
Mayans may be right about 2012.
With dick clark dead, how will we ever get to 2013!?
heyy!
I'm fine thankyou I love your pic hehe: how are you?
:x
the same one as mine
RT : Santorum quits presidential race.
Gingrich informed he did not win The Masters.
Conojitos for lunch today y'all!
Put that in your paper plate  smoke it...
To have nice things WHILE acknowleding that you don't NEED them and being able to live WITHOUT them.
Yeah, can put edible flowers on anything and I will stare doctoramily out the window while I eat :
Within 10 minutes of Fellowship, Gandalf quotes Toucan Sam and the Transformers.
Was that guy a child of the 80s or what?
At Barktober Fest pouring beer.
Come support lollypop farm and have a beer
Thanks so much Mike!!!!
Shoutouts always appreciated!
The best Gyros in Milwaukee!!!!
Oh I see.
II
I love being here to help people if they need it.
:
I work with the most awesome peeps!
lol thanks doctor jus got to the caf an saw it too...
Good story thoughright
OMG I love you so much.
Today I will be human pin cushion...getting five shots and blood doctorwn for school.
I am TERRIFIED of needles!
On a side note, that was the first email I received from twitter with their new  reply notifications!
Great piece today on bepollen, !
I think this calls for coffee again soon!
Game on?
DC: The green team received another endorsement from a local tabloid.
Fortunately for us its the votes that count.
GRAY 2010.
Thanks to professorssor Dave  Vaginomics 101, I'll be prepared for my first time
Thought Monday was gonna suck but this weather is making it all good
RT : Enjoying on soundcloud ...laying outside 
AppliancesConnection  Coupon Codes amp; Discounts
thanks I will try to catch it at 9
Same ol Same ol
7 and 7 is the choice of doctornk for the night, never disapoints
Best team that started 1242 ever!!!
Thx for the note!
We'll pass it along.
Don't you just love 3 day weekends?
Ah, what to do today!
Tonight I'm spinning at Beckett's on lincoln ave and catch my mixes 1011pm  12am on 1035 kiss fm chicago!
May is strawberry month.
What do you do with strawberries?
We bake cupcakes!
Put My Dick In Your Face !
At the Embarcadero BART station, someone is smoking down here, I thought there was a fire at first.
You aint gotta , you aint gotta , you aint gotta you aint gotta ...
Fitness  if it came in a bottle, everybody would have a great body.
Cher
yes at 5pm.
Why?
Oh and no credit!!
Lol we were joking around  said that if we got interviewed we will say  were the ICONic kidz from honolulu hawaii oh gosh so funny!
I didn't see a bike outside today, maybe they sold it
it was actually the world's coolest admin, so Jeff is off the hook.
Country is lame, FYI.
: I always do that and fail epically each time:/

Geisha Doll, gangbanger or ?
hideous makeup
What causes audition anxiety?
You worry that something you want to happen, wont;You worry that something you dont want to happen, will.
A ZeroSum Game.
Remember
Getting ready for podcast tonight, we'll be interviewing a National Recruiting Analyst.
We'll be talking UK recruiting news.
We crapped out early of the staff do but it sure was fun while it lasted!
Snowballs, southern bastards, and tin angels.
RT : We missed a few day so here are TWO of the EIGHT dishes for the first Hatchi Truck Stop event at Breadbar:......

thought you were slick ...
google the word FUCR and tell me which one you like the best???
lol I like the cannabis one, not the leather Bear ones!
Perfect way to end the weekend...dinner at Cava.
Link away, my friend.
I'll do the same.
Go Browns!
: my name is max and i should never leave my twitter open on scooter's computer.
I was not once carded in Vegas.
As much as I wish it were because I am VIP, it's probably because I'm haggard.
omg Cameron and Haley broke up:o on his birthday
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France!
Try one  Firehook Bakery w/butter  jam  a nice glass of vin rouge.
Agreed.
For good or bad, we always get the tamer versions of ads.
Via www.curriculum21.ning.com Awesome resource, her framework.
Love this quote, courtesy of Bob Magruder: You have a direction and you have a nose.
Be sure to pick your direction and not your nose.
did it stay in the Horizon league?
Tens favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagners music: Its not as bad as it sounds.
Really?
Journalism is still ethical?
The moneymaking end of journalism seems to have traded ethics for clicks.
Gonna miss these Cats
why do we have to fight for publicity for a missing person, but a politician can send pics in his undies and get nationwide attention!
Those are really cool!
family, friends...
Sorting out Twitter lists  get on board!
Such a good way to organize my twitter!
Reema Major's In This Life 
Was using as a verb.
just at the pacific rim championships when Georgia Simpson from Australia dislocated her ankle on floor.
Sick.
where r u from ur boyfriend
this evening it had went down
I feel like Gone is going to be like
Got it, thanks for the tip.
Good chatting with you at dinner tonight.
Planet Earth  Chronic
you just plug it in and pull the orangey red lever
Happy Valentine's Day!
:D
The Jonas Brothers Year : Oh yeah
Introducing friends to the delicious , now
59 Bro, coming clean with others helps us to become clean with ourself...
James 5:16
: Happy BDay Bro!!!Good Look Bro!!!
Haha.
I knew it!
can we be friends
Only two days until 25days25girls!
I am SO excited!!!
love the anti oxidents!
:
did someone hack your Twitter?
These messages aren't like you so I have to ask...
RT : last day last day so let's twitter away!
sponsor,
Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer
18FavoriteThingsAboutJustinbieber fights for what he loves
when they showed her with her family, her brother was crying as she was yelling.
I feel for him.
which is exactly why I only said she
ahh so excited!
He had his really 'on' moments last year but yes, very impressed today!
Will you come to Asia?
I feel bad and sad when others could meet you and I'm here rotting at home like a potato D':
BIL2012 anyone need a ride from Monterey area down to LongBeach?
Late Fri or Sat morning?
prius  cheap gas ;
YOUR A MEAN GIRL CADY!...
YOUR A BITCH!...
ThisMovie lmfao.
21 more days until christmas!
:D
?
You are very welcome Ms ?
Thanks for reading our stuff!!
Tell misterDecker 'Hello' for us!
I meant April.
I was trying to fix it, but hit tweet instead!
:
Happy Thanksgiving to you...enjoy!!
TART judging today!
Nothin like being on the field at Miller Park and watchin the game on the big screen.
Waitin for to come
NowPlaying Up all night.
Not turning into a directioner I just like 1D music.
ah help me...what the hell did I do....the guys name was chuck something...thought it was your brother gay
Just watch a music video.
Damn.
We've come a long way folks.
Good luckmay the orthodontist not take your kids hostage for 810 years, as tends to happen in my family.
It is a modest goal!
Jungle Island's Mother's Day Brunch Today, Sunday, May 13 11:00a at Jungle Island, Watson Island, FL
Churro Sale today!
Georgia is such a cute little girl name 3
Perfect day for lunch outside.
If you Instagram, tag any photos related to lunch LunchChicago It's the theme of the week.
happens all the time!
add a little grenadine.
What's up world...what is everybody doing for it???
Hoping I can make it for the VIP event on Sunday!
Thanks for the invite!
Im working on my million dollar idea!!!
The terrific Vikki N.
Spruill to be the new President and CEO of the Council on Foundations.
Oh god thank you.
This is great.
I don't always get evacuated from my dorm at 4am, but when I do, I feel amazing the next day
Neil Peart If you choose not to decide  you still have made a choice
She talked abt how Wht Girls take care of their man.
BITCH that's why he's using your ass in the 1st place.
Dumb ass white girls!
Morning!
Prob not exactly like Dallas but it's warm here:
OMG thats awesome.
I would LOVE pic to put up on the nursing home wall.
while I rehab.
Another surgery fri.
RT LoveBrinda: if you're following Cassie,then I bet your retweet button is being constantly repaired.her tweets are epicl ...
Seriously guys!
How do u date these whiny girls?!
I've been listening to this girl complain to her man for like 30 min now.
Omg Shut Up!
IfItWasntforTwitter you probably wouldn't be thinking about wings from Quaker Steak  lube right now...because now you are.
last time yu texted me was in april 
haha I'm watching now I'm getting annoyed with how much I'm seeing and hearing josh gates.
Online might be better!
More accents come in handy, this week it's Aussie, French, German  American.
LearnZillion: started by principal from E.L.Haynes PCS in DC.
finishing another site upgrade...this takes too long!!
I have no idea.
xD I'm insane, I'm sorry.
lmao.
it would be amazing if we got to go to the beach together .
nah I left before it came down
Kurics J has gone south
hey guess what?
yourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautiful
Lower gas prices?
Blame
U of Utah.
Best.
Library.
Ever.
You should add mind reader to your new business cards!
:D
Yay!
RT : I just received my Conference Confirmation for NABJ12.
Next stop signing up for Learning Lab.
Taking my placement test tomorrow, shit .
No Fair...
youre ahead of me
Wouldn't miss it!
;
Why am I such a fatty when it comes to carrots?
I definitely own a couple wootshirts as well.
Every single one has been a fantastic purchase.
so i'll follow the feeling as i float to the ceiling with my heart steering.
g'night tWorld
Watching the Sister Wives clan on Anderson Cooper sounds like wife number 3 is the one to be.
shainabarbiecakermain tell me what it do tho
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mother!
Love her very much  couldn't live without her!
I Life God has Plans For Each Of Our Lives Plans for Greatness and I am So Excited!
the lead Singer runs this Twitter account silly ;
Such a perfect day to visit .
So gorgeous out :
Doing the Susan G.
Komen Race for the Cure tomorrow?
Join us for brunch before or after!
You deserve it!
2010 was a big year for me.
Going vegan was the best decision I have ever made.
2011 should be even more exciting!
Apple determined that nothing was wrong with 's desktop.
They ran a 30 hr loop to overheat it; found nothing wrong
Thanks Niza I appreciate it
hey babe
just followed my last 4 followers!!!
ask them!
RT for that good ol' follow
DUMB!!!!
RT : What did you guys think of what Boozer said?
:
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
Game 3 in Los Angeles Coyotes vs
Some one hacked my account but I just got it back good luck on hacking it again
oh and criminal minds party at basch's!!!!
sign me up and make me a martini....
Or a cold Abita Amber!!
Looks nerdy and awesome!
i'm at work....
i'm guessing he hit a HR
Obama call for unity is the right thing to do.
Wish the politicians could/would do it.
you're famous!
BeforeYouExit is trending worldwide guise!
woo.
Not a restaurant, but Achatz Pie Co.
uses about 95 Michigan products from sugar to berries and apples..Love them!
YES LALYA IS NEW WOMENS CHAMP
RT : Our first concert will be JAY Z on Sept.
28th!
Tweet us the first concert you ever attended!
Chris Dede: technologies are solutions in search of problems
Thank you!
!
MT Nice to see 's book 'Inspirational Women' at BofA in Kenmore Sq.!
RT : Go follow .
They're on their twitter game 24/7 and lookin for 2000 followers.
Feeling more like a pacifist today than usual.
Frustrated by the celebration of someone's death.
OH OH!
I was working on my blog and accidentally changed the template and colors....how did I do that?
Now to fix it!
Ugh!
Sigh!
are you guys starting a team?
hey!
there is!
and a mere 82 miles away.
:
Crap.
I'm terrible at both.
:/
I'd suck someones dk for some Red Bottoms , 3
Hey you.
How's motherhood?
Miss ya.
haha!!!
Yes.
The one and only!!!
They have one down the street from where I work.
Too bad I can't get one delivered to u!!
Happy Veterans Day!
THANK YOU to all veterans for your service to this country  YOU ARE AMAZING and I APPRECIATE YOU!
Have a great weekend!
well....
this should be interesting
Libya and Yemen Try to Suppress Protests
rocks  go meet with them, or better yet, help me convince doctor Josh to come to BNI and talk about his model!
How about them Gators, another elite8, I hope this year they can keep it going!

My Mommy Has Surgery Tomorrow .
.
i Wouldn't Be Surprised if The House Burnt Down While She's Gone .
.
Very nice.
I would of loved one  but maybe next year :
Academic advantage highschool
Just read a tweet where UnitedHealth Groups quarterly professort referred to as obscene.
Curious if author understands concept of margin: 4
Just spent 20 minutes on the phone with my mother acting as her GPS.
Wish I were kidding.
RT : If Mitt's ever charged with treason, he'll just pay the fine.
send me a pic with you wearing them
what about the need for def.
backs?
M waking up to tht ;
damn who
Hey Ken...Where is that picture of Rachel Crow with straight hair?.....Thanks!!!.
It is tearing me up on the inside to have these feelings for you, but I can't get rid of them.
Photo retouching available reasonable rates.
Email me at:
the remix to Murs' breaking up, brought to you by a very hungry me lol
Ok fourth floor fooln at purgatory.
bday bash...
.
If I can see your lipgloss shimmering across the street then it's too much!
What a nice thing to say.
Thank you.
Don't let the turkeys get you down.
Just pitch great tonight, if you get the opportunity.
Good morning.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARIANA!
Enjoy your day  I love you so much 
I can believe that.
CocaCola is big in meth states.
what kinda can ya running?
I knw Jory gots that fortitude.
;
Waiting for ppl 2 get out at the international terminal at O'Hare sucks!
Sounds perfect.
See you tomorrow!
Productivity is key.
Stay focused.
When I can't be in the lab, I write.
gave them a call friday.
gonna check it out.
cant wait for your new single to come out!!
reply plzz ;
i made it onto the SAKs shortlist :D
Watching adventure time....
Love it
go Blue 3 RT : Survive and advance, wasnt pretty but at this point just want to keep winning.
it's alright.
Miss you!
New season leaked via  sad to hear Rudel shun his home company when it needs his support most
7:30am  6:15pm work day.
Not even sure i accomplished that much
thank you for coming.
I'll miss you guys a ton.
The snow standing, not so much.
So sleepy and have a 6 hour doctorve ahead of me!
Bad combination, Coffee??
Yes please!!
I miss you too, but we should be asleep!
Oops I did it again....waaah.
Agreed!
RT : Feeling the same...but hey there's more games!!
The HEAT will come back!!
Good Morning Vizcayne!
:
iBrick no more!
I think the servers are coming back online!
does the yellow PowerRangers count as a superhero?
Does keep crashing for anyone else or is it just me.
Had to switch to
He was good.
Good genes.
Boy scouts on campus having a blast with our Wmns Lax Track n Field teams and ROTC!
damn Lamar Odom playin in the D league now
where did you go for the americano?
Watching camp rock and thinkin how amazing and all are thay rock xx love u oxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES THIS MORNING!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!
lol
Ed's pub in leisure bowl ftw!!
pbsDownton I'm afraid Bates is going to hang...
Awesome!
Thanks!
Check out the reading series The FIrst Time at Uncommon Ground on Devon tonight, featuring TWW's Bobby Evers!
Today is National Weather Person Day.
has been leaving subtle hints all morning.
I forgot to buy a gift.
Im very lighted headed right now
I know you will crush.
Bust out some vintage bits.
Dora, Yoda, Bullwinkle, Leah Myette
Was Obama homeless?
It takes about as long to get a homeless person's birth certificate as it did for him..
I need to know who Ted's wife is!!
Working on a blog:What causes phenylketonuria?
Can it sometimes be misdiagnosed as ADHD?
Should be done in a few hours
nope i don't sorry...
have a great day!
God bless!
my car is still locked away by DC thanks, in part, to USPS who withheld important mail from me today.
Not happy.
I grew up watching: Lassie, RinTinTin, Run Joe Run, what is another famous animal movie?
Personal Finance Tips: 3 'Can't Miss' Moves  Business Insider
And now, of course I feel even shittier about myself nowww...
Knew I shouldn't have done that...
Back in 2007 I was doctorving OTR steped out of my rig and snapped my ankel.
I put on 25 POUNDS FROM HER COOKING IN 4mths.
Gottlieb: If agency refuses to produce docs, burden is on it to cite exemption from PRA.
Ask for help from , other sources....
Wow, haven't laughed this hard in awhile : I love this class :
: Retweet if you Believe in God .
if Your Scrolling down without Retweeting , He saw you .
U got me!
I almost scrolled
it's the other stuff we're most interested in!
;
i had avoided thinking about it for a few days.
it all came rushing back: how in the hell did we lose to KC?
my god...
Frankly, I liked The professorssional more.
praying for friends.
Dark possibilities there.
Factory accidents  exotic prosthetics  sideshow cyborg horrorshow.
Tip 136: 1 of bankroll for mtts, 2 for taking shots at higher buy ins, 3 for sngs, 4 of max buy in for cash games.
We would love it if the good things stayed the same and the bad things changed.
We can take comfort in the fact that everything changes.
DIS IS WUT doctorAMS ARE MADE OF  SHAKES ASS 
Loving the New Logo :

denies Netflix advertises on Rush in comments of Atlantic Wire article.
account doesn't confirm yet
N.M.
Atty General will oppose propsed Blue Cross Blue Shield rate hike; Supt of Insurance to approve or disapprv hike by June 1
Might Just Eat Some Cereal 
U.S.
Companies Reporting Earnings on April 26  Bloomberg
i like your shirt;
: We don't begin to know what freedom is until we come to a place in our lives where we have no need to impress anybody.
I mean u should put the guy on Base, u Dont let him Hurt you
Bad weather in spokane!!
Keep doin it by on right now tune in.
Its anotha one fa us ladies
Nearly cried on TVD tonight.
lmao
I wanna were my boots .
There are none.
Go, with my blessing.
Eating some homemade tamales w/green chilie'....
Life has it's good moments!!!
My Mildoctord has become quite a little woman, she sings a great many songs and is a most finshed coquette
Hi my follower i wanna say thank you and i hope all of you are blessed and wonderful!
God bless you all : 3
In the city I like to refer to the Prius as the silent killer.
Shooting a webisode called The Bedwarmer  I'm the lead.
My 1st time being 1 on the call sheet!
Learned sumthin new bout myself ;
I sware all this food keeps going straight to my ass !!
I read he was good at making people feel most important when talking to him
: happy birthday coach Thank You Hunter!
You the Man
just watched shottas.
For the 11th time this week.
I love your dads tattoo on your arm
Trying to do front flips.
isastc time to take games seriously kids have Gladwell's 10,000 hours.
They have mastered gameplay.
Jesus paid it all, all to Him I owe.
finallyy; sounds good 3 I'll tell the rest of them lol
Are you at MSG?
Go Coogs!
Love our !
Hurray!
More guilt free wine doctornking!
U complete me RT Hung out with for one night and suddenly the world seems right again.
oh no, not my social security number.
lol.
Hey!
I need a LOT of qualified leads for my business...Christopher / 719.481.9476 / 602.573.4157
How many times has Ray Allen run the floor and finished like that?
2000?
5000?
how are you sweetie??
Back at the doctor.
office.
My baby has been diagnosed with asthma.
Oomf Betta cum to my crib tonight or we gone have a problem
Always!
Thanks again so much Laura.
Have a lovely weekend.
XOX
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I'm Pregnant
you needed Greg Gumbel to get my vote
: I feel like such a vieja!
But thank you!
Thanks for the playbyplay!
We are doctornking local beer and making homemade pizza.
Should be a great game!
I really, really love football.
But the suicides possibly related to the sport are becoming very hard to ignore.
Back in my hotel room, enjoying my enforced 45 minutes of rest and silence before the night's festivities.
Ain't it the truth.
It's Bermuda Time!
Norwegian has great deals leaving from Boston and New York...
Contact me for details!
i want to go swimming with sharks.
on the list of things to do before i'm thirty : watching a movie later with my flatmates
Do you remember your favorite song as a child?
Hey everyone!
Headed back to the studio soon!
Be sure to follow us for updates!
why thank you!
I have no idea...
Haha I just watch it online
Awesome show last night!
Thanks to all the friends who came out.
And my band fam for making great music!
You know I doctoram in color and do the things I want.
We do not have to wait for tomorrow to make the decisions of today
straight from the hills in Alabama....Yes Ma'am......
I just created a new dad saying: You can't nickelanddime a good time.
I feel really good about this one, you guys.
Spread it around.
Just signed the contract!
We are playing at Warehouse Live!!!
Bynum is a great player.
Hes so big and hes almost to the point of unstoppable
Asking me to doctornk Miller Lite because of the fancy new can is like asking me to watch the '02 Brewers because of Miller Park.
RT : Q2I let my kids try tons of things with no or low pressure.
Let them find the things they are good at.
Cleveland's mobile project is super ambitious.
V.
curious to see how it plays out.
Can it just be Thursday already???
SignsYouLostAFight people are quoting lines from the movie Friday to you.
Bitch I just called you !
In Dallas spending time with my family...
nothing better than a home cooked breakfast of eggs, gata and toast with apple butter with my mom
Looks like only 4 Bama players got doctorfted in the 1st round.
Thats pretty good!
call me Aladin!
;
I made the semifinalist list as an actor through NexTV Ent.
Acting  Directing competition.
Super psyched!
Today's Question: The name of which Pudding literally means Burnt Cream?
Half of my photos are accidental screen shots of my lock screen and home pages.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
m...tea party in the office this afternoon.
love the new republic of tea rooibos flavors
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
We have a new promoter!
Say hello to Josh.
I've been lacking internet at my house which explains my absence so he's taking over for me!
duh let's do it!!
Sucking on a dictionary wouldn't even let you Tricks excel my level...
Ijs..
I see u homie
I just want wednesday so i can skip school
The ongoing flow of O replies I'm getting to a thatdarnlist post is like a test of internet/network speeds across the AA world.
so awesome congratulations!!
What did you get : Just bought my first truck :
I'm gonna be so mad if it goes threw!
Glynis Board is joining the news department at WV Public Broadcasting.
She's our new Morgantown reporter.
Please follow her!
lol u sho know what to say
SMI Boston is growing!
Support  sales positions.
Reach out at to learn more.
So nice out
2009 Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Season will be huge!!
We will play 50 pro basketball games.
Games will be simulcast on radio  internet
ha, yes, I stayed up until 2 or 3 in the morning when I installed mine.
Should have slept instead.
Goodnight!
do you get to keep it?
Developing more green plans that will be available for purchase soon!
I wanna go
OhioWantsAustinMahone!
Every Mahomie deserves a chance to meet him right!?
So help me and trend this!!
Tweet it and ill RT
Quote of the day from my motherinlaw: Amber, I would never want you against me :!
My response I know right ;!!...
Happy Mothers Day!
Sometimes i wonder why i love so much the fear?
Listening to edits of House of Blue Fire episodes 1 and 2.
Wow.
Some brilliant work by Ken Bentley and Fool Circle...
The crowd is here at the meeting at the Should be a great session.
Tying together the media and the message
He's more like a Milk Dud
IGetJealousOf people who flirt with my crush.
6 left and one checking his ans!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's.
Such perfect weather.
Party at my math teacher's hizouse!
He can sing!
Was a huge help!
Thanks :
I am actually doing a series of posts on the merits of tyrosine supplementation for treating ADHD, so it might be a few weeks.
Thanks a ton!
Wanna link or partner in some way?
hit me up at
GARRETT FUCKING LEAVE ME ALONE!!
SERIOUSLY FUCK OF!
UTSA leaves the bases loaded...
Still tied at 3 going to the 6th
You're a racist for pointing that out.
; 
Brewsters Millions' quote of the night haha : awesome ...but if you FAIL...you don't get diddly
I really can't think of anything more romantic than that.
Please pray for my mom's friend Angel.
He was in a really bad motorcycle accident, and we're not sure if he'll make it.
:
And you didn't include me in your review?
For shame!
;D
I want to be like mike, I want to be like mike....
sometimes i feel like everything i do, people will assume my intentions are the worst...but you'll miss me when i'm gone
Thank you ..
it did ..
I passed it to a friend and her son..
who is amazing :
Trying to stop court/field stormings is a better way to get people hurt.
no doubt...this exchange is helping!
:
is she really!!??
Or is it a rumor
Hope everyone had a delicious Thanksgiving!
I don't know which attitude I hate more...
smugness or entitlement.
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
12
so are you dating perrie please make this clear?
Are there no more Twitter list management tools out there?
Just woke up.
School in a couple of hours!
Last place I want to be.
RT : Forge.mil runs on doctorpal 10K users doctorpalcommons is making inroads fast
Why do I watch lost?
Because I have no life thats why.
Nook Fail: 'Next in Series' recommendattion to read after DISCWORLD: COLOR OF MAGIC is...wait for it...
All My Life by Susan Lucci
you and me both!
You too, Crystal!
Hug a veteran today!
oh my.
Yes.
We certainly are not the doctornkers :
Let the countdown begin!
starts tomorrow!
I can hardly wait....
Thanks for the follow.
We'd LOVE to work with you to get Act Up's message out and crowdsourced to the media.
Wait, what?
lol, I'm lost.
I didn't say you stalk every minute Oo confused
Headin out to the Fontanel Mansion for the Porter Wagoner Fishing Tourney kickoff party.
Honored to be a part of the action this weekend!
I do live me some cheerwine ...
about once a yr
This is the part of me that you never gonna ever take away from me
I'm taking my hero and heroine to Starbucks this morning, coffee's on me, and then I'll write down what they're up to.
I enjoy these two!
We're doing a Large 1 Topping Pizza  a Bottle Wine for only 30 for ValentinesDay tomorrow!
Bring a date!
Come party with us New Mexico Tonight Comcast CH27 9pm FATT TUESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does It have to be a king or will dictator work?
aw thank you!!!
youre so sweet :
Kung Fu Monday  A friend of a friend said hey  I like your work and have become a fan.
Thanks friend and new friend.
Shoutout to for my icon.
: thanks for making me a cat3
I am patenting strawberry juice, who wants to pay me for my bright ideas?
I'm not sure what to make of him.
At one point I thought he was a contrarian but I don't hold to that any more.
you're welcome.
What's up?
Will Follow you as soon as my follow limit allows me.
hello babe, long time no chat.
I miss ya 3
Cheer choreography today!
So tired though!
8 to 4 In a no air condition gym ah!
OBRA bike racing this evening starting at 5:30....
No rain makes for a great time at PIR!
San Marino accedes to the CISG: See UNCITRAL website.
thanks for the support!
Love your name :
YOU RULE!
We'll follow RT : You RULE!
Thanks so much for linking my blog!
:
then you must go eat
Tough play
she has a nice sound..
I want more info  hit me up
article features individual quotes from an event's FB wall.
Sources named, w/o context or relation to story.
HollowJournalism ?
This is the childoctorn future.
daddy, can you and bigger daddy come to my school play?
Objective Dysphagia Management
Had a wonderful early birthday dinner with my future inlaws and my girlfriend's twin bro at margaritaville.
Too bad she was stuck in IL
tune in to TWiPkr  4pm PT / 7p ET TODAY ask questions live on air w/ guests
So how would you define happiness?
Goodnight I'll tweet later this afternoon so anyway once again Goodnight
I can't wait for your album!!
UNDERTHEMISTLETOE Your my inspiration beliebersgohard PLEASE RT, Nov 1st
lol I'm up watching it too lol smh
She's like my bestfriend I've never had she understands me like no one else can 3
I've just been called a wizard.
Harry Potter got nothing on me!!
my mothafuckin throwback jam
Haha I hear ya.
He never shows up for our dates either.
Lord, I need you right now.
you confused me for a lover of spam?
Easy, Izturis.
I hated him when he first signed.
Hey eveyone.
Come down and enjoy their delicious food.
We approve and recommend it.
Follow us Our mobile app is releasing soon
eating diner late...
big appeitite/ later gonna watch a scary movie wit my cuzins.
Good nite ;

Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Celebrating the creative process 2pm Open Marley Project
Rowe: As a digital humanist, how do you navigate btw creating an archive of data  an interpretation that might foreclose other responses?
FF Thanks for following!
You're the bees knees!
I'm Like In Love With Rajon Rhondo That Is In My Mind Is The Best Point Guard
NFL Combine officially underway today.
First PlayersRep client to arrive is Syracuse OL Andoctorw Tiller.
Follow him
Watching Piers Morgan on CNN  Why is Santorum wearing a vest with his own name on it?
Does he think we'll forget who he is?
2nd year in a row: Magellan 1/2 Marathon pouring rain  literally breathtaking headwind last 7 mi.
Here's hoping 1:50.
For Zuckerman's birthday, I shall give him a tipFix iPhone/Facebook app compatibility, for Christ's sake!
Love this!!!!
What a cutie.
Milwaukee Wisconsin Milwaukee Public Transit needs to investigate Transit Plus  their mistreatment of the disabled  elderly Please RT
That just pissed me off!
You're strong to have sat through the entire thing lol
Terrence Keleher says we should shift race discussion from Who's a racist?
to What's causing racial inequalities.
Love this.
Once again, I'm art cop for the Images Art Festival.
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also onboard.
um family plane?!?!
are you secretly a millionaire and didn't tell me??
listen to you will eeeeaaaaase into being home xoxo
Wow!
Two weeks of just loaded ...
where have they been hiding?
And I thought nobody was listening!
not following
My boss car is bad
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
Not even as mad as i thought i would be at my Knicks losing.
Better team won, plain n simple.
: Made an old school to do list with a sharpie tonight.
Can't wait to mark stuff off tomorrow!
nerd Lists keep me sane!!
Yo Kobe is going to have a MJ Game 5: The Flu Game type of performance tonight.
He's going to do whatever it takes to get that W!!

Why I love twitter: yesterday talked essentials of men's grooming w/former NotreDame and AZ Cardinals great Bertrand Berry...
Today
Knowing about everyone in Mos wanted Crew B4 Mos wanted Crew even formed and now seeing them on the stage is CRAZY !!
Championshipday birthday wishes to Joe Kemp!
It's hot
so on that basis I don't think it's innovative.
Twitter is genius.
Isn't this about product/market evolution?
he's my baby and i wont let him go RT : Cwazy.
RT : if david leaves...he will leave in a body bag
You manifest your future.
I say go for it!
So I was sitting in the LSP Members Club yelling, Convey go to goal!
And he did!
10
I don't have no kind of tweets
This girl
Please share any ROI you have seen from Pintrest.
Eager to hear pros and cons.
1ThingIFindSexy Perfect Ass's, Just sayin'
Advertise LIBRARIANS in your literature.
Let patrons know that we are a resource!
shut ur monkey ass up!!!
Where can I find information on EMPOWERED?
I'm interested in getting involved!
SATURDAYS AT COMMONSPACE WITH PARTYALLWEEK.COM SPOTLIGHTPARTIES.NET 5doctorNS AND FROZEN doctorNKS!
Diana Ortiz Updates: While LP is on hiatus, Diana auditioned for US X Factor.
Hopefully we will see her on the show this year!
Stay tuned..
Young men talk a good talk while chasing woman but what will they do if they actually catch any
very classy things, clapping when opposing players go down  ref, youre gonna cost my kid a college scholarship
thats the only thing I hate about being southern :p
Good day all!
Off to two auditions then improv at UCB...
while fighting off a cold.
Grrr.
it's okkkaaaay bbyyy, you're not letting us down .
we love you , on the show or not
doesn't see my tweets in the mass amount of tweets goin at him right now.
You better get here quick !
It's PASTRAMI Wednesday :
So what to do next?
Done with these preliminary contract numbers  my brain feels fried.
work is kicking my tail today.

Light Burden  Gospel  Heavy Burden  Not Gospel  ChildlikeTheology
my thoughts exactly
Why keep asking about the game if I clearly don't respond to your questions.
Great Homes, Great Prices, Land in South Florida for the investment of your lifetime
my bestfriend just got asked to the senior prom.
Were freshman.
EEEEEPNUGGETS
yea I kno just holla when u want
Stop acting do dumb.
You're not cute.
As a Gamecock fan, I don't think I could eat it.
It does look good though.
It's a nod to the song, haha
Very short trip actually.
I arrive Thursday night and will be gone by Friday night.
Have to photograph a wedding the next day!
I Wanna Get On The Phone ...
But There's Nobody To Talk Too
then reply 4 hours later like no your time to reply has passed
It seems I have a penchant for doctorving through monsoons...
will do!
thanks for letting us know.
you've got a great site.
Cheers.
What are you up against?
haha one time my friends and I were playing truth or dare and we dared one of my friends to get in the doctorer..
She Fit!
lol
that's cool too.
but you never know til you know.
I have doubts about people I know personally.
Just haven't seen it.
wov12 listening to jennifer christie top diversity officer american express talk about transparency
Just had a beer at happy hour with a 91 year young man.
Hope I'm half as cool as that man.
Dynamic Heating and Cooling Specializes in air quality for you home  air purification systems.
Why do people think I'm tall in person ?
I'm such a midget .
Stay strong girl!!!
We gone rise up on them.
Don't they know we're younger and probably stronger or will be soon.
Lmfao!!!
Inside the marble John Hay Library I have come home.
:
I am inventing a recipe for baked chicken.
It will either be delicious or fail horribly.
Or the apartment may explode.
that's interesting; is there a line item for data mgt in the redistribution of indirect?
rhetorical question :
Forward like greener and more energy efficient, and equal rights?
Or forward like back to the cart and buggy days?
WalMart is going tothink I'm casing the joint, my third trip there today!
Maybe I should make a list!
It's an extra day, people!!!!
Allow that to blow your mind.
What are you going to do with it?
Thank you for all the support on the website and everything I'm really glad to be a part of this fan base we are family!
Thank you guys!
:
Milk Duds and Sausage patties.
WhenIWasLittle I thought everything was fair, people never lied and that life would go on forever and ever...
What...a...gorgeous...morning!
we cool
Thank you!
We're very excited about it.
Couldn't do it without fans like you!
What to do today.
Could be productive or I could turn the tv on and watch Doctor Who.
We will have to pass your meet  greet info to our employees and customers in the area!
that's an absolutely great pic of u!
Hotel manager tells me there's internet in the room...yes sir.
But it's 10 dollars.
I will be staying in the lobby.
I speak my mind.
I never mind what I speak.
White team goes threeandout in first offensive possession of Badgers spring game.
Brennan 0for2.
FIRST 5 PEOPLE TO COME IN AN SAY YOU FOLLOW HILLEL ON TWITTER GET A FREE doctorNK IN THE HILLEL COFFEE CAFE.
grab a lock of your hair, straighten it, get a ruler, and measure it.
Read the number, tweet it.
how long is ur hair?
: .x
In a relationship : Everyone likes you.
Single : No one likes you.
Does this happen to anyone else?
Walkin in to starbucks in bev with a fitted hat on gets so many stares...
Ha yes I'm gay??
I texted you too goofy I got a new 
im with you had to do it I was dying in here
Ima bout 2 cry this is heart breaking they cnt shut down their Twitter account !!!:
Excited for Packers back to back picks coming up
Bored as heck!!
On tour, I encountered a venue where they referred to ERS's as the long skinny ones without a hint of irony
Many Men  50 Cent ...
Such a good song
Santorum: Whether it's ObamaCare, RomneyCare  they're interchangeable.
For the record, I am a whiz at helping patrons with Overdoctorve.
You just can't make me enjoy it.
Talking to le Potato3
Prayers for Cairo
my dad tells me look what I bought !
Lmao
Craig Desetree  56 of all milk related illnesses associated with rawmilk consumption over a 14 year span, per CDC.
RT : Warning: once you see GQ's Best Stuff of the Year 2011, you're gonna want the Hermes ashtrayeven if you don't smoke:...
I feel sorry for the lady that is about to do my nails.
Working on my last presentation for my last day of school, it's a strange feeling.
I don't hate you :
but don't celebrate too hard or he'll stop the show
RT  Lets Get it indians bring home the ohio cup where it belongs cleveland
okay well, it's going to be a complete riot getting 2013 tickets, so we'll see.
I WANNA GO SO BADD!
You can only fake being happy for so long.
Bliss is working up a sweat dancing with
If someone is On Pins and Needles it means he is anxious or nervous, especially in anticipation of something
HAHAHA.
I THOUGHT YOU Disliked SOCCER.
AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
good what?!
lol
I find it hilarious that my mom still signs her texts.
love love love
Is SunFest too loud?: But for West Palm Beach condo dwellers, that isn't necessarily a good thing.
As music equipment becomes more so...
Indian Massacre in Orlando for your
oh boy.
What happened???
2011in3words Thankfully Effing Over
Only 4 days left to join the fit challenge!
234 up.
Let's get some runs.
Is that the one where they get slime all over them?
No steroids.
Happy National Teacher Day!
ThankATeacher from
Ditto.
That recipe might need reworking.
Journeys See the tourist information Of khaparanda and designation of information map weather rates of change :
Oh, Oh, I want one of those!
LOL
call her school tell her to take the bus n ill get her from raph..call the school NOW
Good show 2nite!
r making it interesting, road game vs Fire,  owner for 1on1 int 2nite  8
I don't think I ever called him that.
But to insist JG's not a pedophile is to insist the girls weren't childoctorn.
To what end?
Work flow
What film do you have playing at NFFTY2012?
My film Friends is screening this Sat  11am.
Hope I get a chance to see it!
You know walkin in the Gucci store and they saluting 2 Chains
doctorss for success and show up 10 minutes early!
bottle?
I don't doctornk beer but I'm Irish enough to know that Guinness is built from a tap.
;
What are you doing having tea at 2:30 in the morning?
have a great night!
Or morning what ever it is where you are..haha
the Commercial of my show CSI is now on the air :
lol didnt know that either RT : Didnt know they call Miami the 6th borough, that many ppl from NY is down there?
Lml 
no I are the niggest
Is it nice out?
Our heads are sewed to the pillow.
Things that I could care less about, and in fact am pretty sure are completely meaningless: State of the Union speeches.
DO IT!

you're a coward.
dont give espn the right to publish your news.
come out  say it first.
RT : A child of five could understand this.
Fetch me a child of five.
Groucho Marx
naaaaaaa I already have a St.
James Version...no need for another
wats good big homie talk to me
Wonderful and Blessed year.
Cleaning up and arranging for E0WE.
OpenTable had revenues of 100mil in 2010.
Does anyone use this webservice?
Does it really bring more biz to restaurants???
it does set the bar high.
China Starts Trading Ringgit Vs Yuan In Onshore Market Thursday
if only life was that easy haha
Jean is fuckin perfection.
Awesome.
Lyrics for days.
on my way for the thing!
Every time the song far away comes on , all I wanna do is actually go back in time and meet my mammal .
I remind myself that she's above !
GO GO GO FOLLOW !!
Thanks so much!
Yeah we usually define them and don't revisit them which serves no purpose really.
This definitely helps!
We are finally giving our peronal cell phone 's out!!!!
DM us and we'll give you the 's to our cells...we want your trust!!!!!!!
can't wait to see the video :D I know that its gonna be awesome, you're and amazing dancer :
Thanks, Amanda for spreading the word about the latest Forbes list that includes Milwaukee.
Good luck with your search!
I'ma tell a nigga to sit down and wait
Has yet to be announced.
la dee da
it's top gun, don't spill your coffee.
S/O to Samba Grill, , , for letting us be great in
Experience simple truce I know you.
Endless possibilities  power
I begged dad to tell me stories, I only have a few, wrote them down.
He taught me how to say some Japanese phrases :
There's gotta be a better way to integrate aperture and filemaker

Holey Moley!
You may be on to something : We shall see, indeed Haha!
Amazingx
I'll get an iPad after retiring, it'll be so intimate.
jealous!!!
and I want to go!
there is a whole YouTube playlist with this years songs from each country!
You MUST see the Social Network Song.
Time to get snuggled.
doctoram great doctorams!
xoxo
I hate when I wear nice clothes out to a club and people get cake on my coat you will get thrown into a table don't fuck with my nice cloths
photo manipulation is a complete art..
: Why have I not seen Faried in this game in the entire 4th quarter?
I was thinking the same damn thing.
Ah
That does look cool!
This Common album any good, my family?
Or this Jeezy?
Amazing places to visit in real life!
Why can't we all just be friends?
The aim must include plans for the future
People do not like using the Google.
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eyeopener
Nyjer Morgan ignored the sign to stay at third, scores, and Brewers win!
Was he safe at the plate?
Be honest.
thanks!
It's not too shabby
Good just ain't good enough
But regardless of anything that upsets me, I love my life and I won't change it for nothing!!
If you are talking on the radio, and I can hear spit bubbles popping in your mouth, I will change the station.
Believe it.
Our FAVE Milwaukee parent publication is !
Plz supportstartups and follow us!
THX!
Awww.
I'm gonna be calling you up to try to figure out how to make this ham tomorrow!
How many hours should it take?
Lol
Has to Win!!
Tickets to see Wicked when it comes to Vegas.
The cat got her a card.
You wisely chose to stay away from the Office Supply Cornucopia.
Smart move.
Highlights: The nations deteriorating surface transportation infrastructure will cost the American economy more than 870,000
FF Our amazing merchants
Where did today go?
Finally got a late lunch: toasted PBJ with homemade strawberry jam and Solanco's Peanut Butter from
You already know.
Hahaha.
I got that bug.
I need a hero to save me now.
skilletismylife I know the inside just look into my eyes
Ouch.
Feel 4 uRT : you are embarrassed?
i live in PHX, imagine the past 1.5 weeks in my house with my roomates
Q: There is a frog doctorving east and a trombonist walking west.
What can be surmised from this?A: The frog's probably on its way to a gig.
is all about money
going to bed, thanks for trying to help , trying a computer tomorrow..
when you thought it couldn't get any worse...
we can party!
Dont you hate it when you're starving and trying to eat but people are trying to have a conversation with you ...
Just confirmed interview tommorrow with my bro
corinaaaaaaaaaa i need your help!
she'll be in my prayers tonight.
True that..
Live, Love  Laugh!
Would u consider doctorving to Boston at all?
You could stop in GA  pick me up!
I think a road trip would be great!!
;
Almost forgot to start.
Going through the M's and some N's turn it on wherever you are
A delicious lunch with author Laura Moriarty for her upcoming novel about young Louise Brooks in Kansas w/ her Chaperone.
ONE MORE BAD BITCH WITH BAD TRACKS RED PINK PURPLE GREEN BLONDE ORANGE, NAPPY LOOKS LIKE A CAT SUCKED ON YO HEAD RUG WEAVE ASS LADY SORRY TW
get them replaced ASAP!!!!!'n
Rip whitney houston beautiful person with a beautiful heart her family laid to rest perfectly 
Happy Birthday to our Junior High Director
I bet u want me now baby.
Thanks for the follow Alison!
haha no problem and yea I know you hate that question .
lol and um have you been to any parties lately :P ?
Enjoyed meeting you today, and you're not the least bit scary!
:
she died her hair
There are certain people that I just don't believe a word that comes out of their mouth.
I am what I am by the grace of God!!!!
hey could u shout me out and i will do the same thanks
doctorssing comfy to school makes it a little more bearable.
The next few weeks entail a decent amount of work
that's all I did before work!
30 Caps.
It's up to Green Bay to continue National Make Pittsburgh Cry Day.
Hey its FF Followfriday have a wonderful Halloween everyone!
Can't believe tomorrow's friday already o.O
They are amazing men.
Their stories and words are epic.
This is shaping up to be bigger than anything I've ever been a part of.
Animation  tweet me ideas that you would want to hear about it free live online lectures...
yes I said free
OH : My brain opens new tabs when I go on a tangent.
one has to 'live life on the edge', 'halfway between heaven and hell', dancing in the middle; 'purgatory'
I'm turnt all the way up rite now
omg u remmember my friend Ug Lee :
we can sit and talk for hours
All this time I was under the impression WTF meant well that's fine.
It all seems to make more sense now.
trend should maintain until end of the quarter when countries report GDP and growth numbers
RT LOL!
RT You got to take a female to yo house to eat leftovers on the first date to show what the r...
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: Join the Traffic Tracker at 7793 Burnett at Anderson 57pm
a few timbers and I will be at the old pad in Eugene from 68 doing a q and a session.
Would love for you to join us!
also, when you get back can you check your reserves for tiny crocks that you might have to hand down?
I need like size 56.
Portland's KATU morning news would love a shoutout Josh!
Will be telling viewers about your concert 2moro!
I think that is correct.
There was a tweet earlier that said registration will open midMay.
The incident is the incident.
Leading public voices purposely inciting anger and pushing vigilante justice is unconscionable.
ohh thx , bye and it will be okay :
I'm pretty sure I did in school.
Check?
Frank Sinatra, you put all other love songs to shame.
Documentary HorrorFilms EnvironmentalFilms ActionFilms Enter your feature or short film in TFFOC!
Regular submission deadline today!
lol where u from ?
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
St.
Augustine
I'm young, give me a break.
The people who actually won would never say it on twitter.
They would get silent....kind of like......this......
Up and at 'em!
Headed to an appearance at a local elementary school for the Fueling Potential: Racing to Win program with
The 2012 Childoctorn's Gallery of Black History will be held at All Souls Church again for 2 weeks in February.
Stay tuned for updates!
Adventure Time 
I do too!
that's because you are so way ahead of the curve ;
no confusion, love the jersey, just showin love to the
Did you come to Spaghetti Disco?!
If so, we hope you had a groovy time!
pull trigger and if you ever need someone to go let me know
thank you so much for your insight!!
Add me on facebook
That's the same news I read, but that's a nice way of saying cancelled.
The show is still ending.
My Beatles kick was thrown off course by who got me on
Make it a GREAT 1!
RT : In this car ride with and about to go to work
I'll be hitting u up today bruh
Left in a pile of leaves.
ok i'll be visiting the mid of Feb  don't think i'll be down again until the end of march.
but keep me posted
wait...what?
are these people fucking serious?
morons.
Yasss!RT : I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
Chiddy's new album is great!
This song is exactly what I want you too know danorush02
yes to Superbowl village!
Downtown was crazy last night.
I just gotta find my flask now...
Visit Ebuxing.com to see how you can make money online, just like I and other teens are doing it.
Easy, fun and lucrative.
No cost to you.
What are you thoughts on bookmarking?
Do you use them?
What is your preference?
Give a buzz when you come  would love to welcome you personally.
I do that all the time.
Seriously, whenever I'm like where the hell is my phone, it's in the fridge or something.
Tired of exhibiting self control
not yet sorry, client work  top secret :
I just bought over 200 dollars worth of stuff in Express..Next stop: Then a break for some breakfast!!
You never know what's going on in other people's lives.
Just reading an article on LinkedIn about how Atlassian is doing away with the annual review!
Lol...
yay for that!
: 
Old fart!!!
RT : They just put Brodeur's birthday up on the jumbotron ...
fans enjoy this
I didn't even want an iPad until said they'd be giving them away.
I mean, if it's a free toy, it's not a waste, right?
Happy boxing day
yeah, what's up with that?
Making me crazy.
Kenny speaks fluent hoodoctort chuck
Dont know what that negative energy was, well the positive is coming in now that thats out of my way!
THINK LIKE A MAN is my favorite Movie of this year so far.
3
doctornk hipsters need somewhere to stay.
A boutique hotel  somewhere for the blackfinn crowd to stumble home to
Hi!
Wondering if you have some pics of yesterday's launch that we can include on our blog today?
Folklore Haunted House in Dallas, GA is open.
Go and have a good time.
While you wait, check out the posters!
would you ever do a duet/ collab with a fan?:
I'm so sore.
Agh
come to Larchmont/Hancock Park the kids are out all over here ;
I looked like a dork doing the Thriller dance, but I had fun.
You should try it!
Thanks for reading!
u lil justin bieber fucking wanna bee
I'll be on Viaquez.
It's off the mainland of Puerto Rico I can't even wait!!
New urkontinent from hearing some good buzz on this one..
tasting it in a few with Chris from
Mine is an aardvark.
Only thing I'm guilty of is not being on stream.
:o
The first time I ever sang the National Anthem for a professorssional sports team was back home in SAC for The KINGS!!!!
Do you like to go on tours or browse on your own at museums?
Why?
it's Art Basel weekend, YES!
RT : Enough of this eh orbullshit news i've been getting all day.
GOOD NEWS!
Someone,anyone, PLEASE!
yes!
And today is not over yet : more attractions in the evening and we have tomorrow to keep on skiing : how was the class?!
I didn't miss Bon jovi I missed keith urban...im still pissed fin doctornks
are u sad now??
I Love Aaron
Styx this weekend  SXSW in March!
Giddy like a school girl.
Shazam Batman!!
That's what they say but, having been crapped on many times, I can't say there was an appreciable difference.
I have nothing to do.
/:
Big GOOD MORNING to my LATINAMERICA fans!!
Please keep up the support and help me take over 2012 let's
I'm taking a bit of a break.
We all race against our circumstances more than anything
Can we put an end to the whole the book is better than the movie thing?
Because that's never been true.
I am so so sorry.
Hope you feel better soon !
Im just sitting in class bored wishing would follow me but he wont:
Thought Madonna was going to break into Hey Mickey.
Jackson is called....eek
you got me at acidity with sweeter!
Don't be sorry, best friend.
I've been alright.
Things are slowly but surely getting better, thanks for asking.
33
My first day back is August 1...students on the 8th.
I'm not the only one who is astounded that Brook Lopez has ZERO doubledoubles this year, right?
Hanging out at the very cool coworking space.
Seems like a great place to do tech in Wilmington!
I'm on a ride...or well doctorve for 6 hours back from sisters wedding in PA.Ride Monday night?
I'm loving it!!
Hopefully when I wake up I think of someone else.
have heard Tiny Dancer twice today....great Tuesday!!!
Investment in infrastructure is crucial in order to meet the challenges of a rapidly increasing urbanization.
Was at Barnes  Nobel in Tucson today.
Couldn't resist giving lots of unsolicited book advise to fellow shoppers  LOL!!
I would LOVE to just cuddle up  sleep right now
Happy to do it Crossn81!
Very helpful.
Toxic clouds of gas that randomly strike small towns near gas production.
Kind of worrisome.
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school.
I will always love that place...
I hate when this game fuckin lags!
how's DC
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 25
We love having you here at the Mission!
are you going to remix journey tomorrow night?
Loving ComPAXTOR, good luck and godspeed these next two weeks!
Grrr.
That shouldn't be a problem but ya never know.
Good luck!!
ikr...
i missed BGC too...
it sucks
Catch  the Underdawgs TONIGHT at w/ Dirty Dozen, Doors at 9p shows at 10p,
Dnt be tryna play me.
Females love to talk abt hw another dude dawged them out, bt get a good one and keep him on the out in the dog house.
one of my all time favorite movies!
We're not just a film company, we're a school...
company.
I'm not looking forward to tmister.
I'm so gonna doctorad it.
About to watch Safe House!
So excited!
you got too much treble, no bass haha
Making  is easy.
Press shift4.
: Jake you know there is no better date than me!
hey, if you are going to/following any of the warped tour dates in the NY/CT/NJ/MD area, please let me know!
I need your help :
that was post misfits correct?
agreed.
her hair is crazy cute.
RT Michelle Williamstop 3 so far.
you don't copyright names Sags.
crap!
when is that again?
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Tennessee Basketball or Football Sucks.
This wind flipped my house over.
:
Pulp to the point of it being a smashed orange!
:D
It's hope class..
Chill the fuck out
see, we all agree that it shall be done:
RT : Shopping at is another great way to support Habitat for Humanity!
10 points for using the word rockstar
no text backer!
lmao
Thanks for spreading the coolness!
check out michelle's BOARDWALK EMPIRE afterbuzztv episode /afterbuzztv
Let's go Braves!
Miami Please step up tonight
What a small world!
I just deleted half my pictures :
Transport needed Springfield MO to StL or Columbia MO Sunday.
2 dogs from NM to Chicago  1 leg fell thru.
Were on PTS list going to foster.
There is parking available on Jennifer St and the surrounding blocks.
Dinner will not be affected.
Thanks!
Awesome!
Just found out who's playing at the Partner Appreciation Party
So on the news today it said that selena gomez was jealous b/c all of Justin Biebers fans were wearing his perfume..and i was like :O  lol
Bernie Brewer WOULD go to the Sett when I'm not there.
New alert just released!
As an entrepreneur I've made a decision!
Nah, I wont judge you.
I appreciate your honesty.
dork ;
Good morning sunshine, have a great trip!
I feel like am up high yet underneath the clouds..I don't know am just high
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011 AND AMAZING AT SINGING!!
Why can't I just accept the truth.
?
Three all ins...AK vs QJ vs KJ...J Q on flop...LMAO...this is awesome!
One day I will run good, one day!
ate pettitoes between meals with older bro at night.
it has much greasy fat ...
,and so creepy that i feel barbaric
U.S.
taxpayer will be on the hook for more than 4 billion in weapons for Israel this budget cycle, while US domestic programs are cut
do you know what's underneath?
Love is louder then the pressure to be perfect.
Was LeBron just wearing a hat that said MVP?
Gimme a break.
ebook only 1 mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
Phil food flash is previewing the Spring menu w/ a special 5course menu at the chef's counter 4/2326.
Best seats.
specks of paint all over my body and in my hair.
doing some real labor
hope this prom be live next friday!
Sounds reasonable.
I shall try this when out running.
RT : RED OWL looks both ways before crossing.
RedOwlSpeaks
Thanks for the love!
Hope you had a great weekend too!
Thx for RTs about Dell Reconnect initiatives!
Oh, I don't know that book, but you KIND OF made me want to read it.
I'm an emotional reader, too.
Everbody gone to sleep on me.
: my bf went home to early
hell yeah
Coaches fighting over Juliet Simms!!
hello jasmine can you follow me plese oh i love you petty
RT : The continues it's lovefest w/Nathan Fletcher; have yet to mention 2 GOP candidates are gay

Hey webbmedia!
Would love to introduce you to the Fliqz video platform.
Hosting, streaming, analytics...
Yes I.
Give thanks.
yup that wasn't mwp that was Ron Ron
Nah, you'd have been fine in a 19th C.
Facebookinclusive context  as a lady, no one would've taught you to read!
Creativity is a renewable resource.
You never run out of it.
There's no end to it.
MT : FrmisterPress reporter RT : Follow for live updates from Occupy Oakland.
Shit is exploding
Admittedly, you did only say crazy, which we both know is true.
tubed the whole city.
lol.
still a funny prick.
Y'all tweaking some of them decent.
Them first ones was ugly af doe
well they say hindsight is 20/20 can change the past only make a better tomorrow
Let's do 100 of our work communication via Twitter mentions from here on out.
We'll be a hit!
I need to throw up.
Can I do it on your face?
will do survivor brother
this weekend was a success.
i'm not gonna want to fuck with school in the morning.
:P
Astros beat Cardinals 82, within one game of .500.
They go for their second straight sweep tomorrow at 1 CT.
RootRootRoot via
On the phone til 5am,yeah moments like that ...
RT Starting now, House Budget hearing on reconciliation  replacing sequester.
Bill cuts billions for kids.
watching a brothers with my mama!33
Do you guys still have a helicopter?
I would love to see what this event looks like from the air!
:
Gym, check.
Beer, check.
Hot tub, yep
I never took my snow brushes out of my back seat.
Didn't honestly think I'd actually have to use them though.
Good Luck , Go Cats!!!
beat cards
sorry but we are going to have so much fun!
The clock
sorry I didn't showed up.
We got guest.
california uber alles is sung from perspective of jerry brown, former CA gov.
if he wins today's primary we may see the return of moonbeam
I got to get use to these new glasses
Wine  Dine
Good Morning!
your website is pissing me off.
you are lucky you are funny and cute.
ricardo you should start carrying ur money around.
Lol
you mean a lot to me too 3 forever bro!
.
GG Allin made Sid Vicious look like Richard Simmons.
Love it!
Oh, Justin.
If you tweeted me back, and followed me, omg I would cry.
And do anything to see you in person
live in you learn
And just think just two more years and we go through the Texas science standards process again.
well thank god for polyamory and death then, huh
You're right as usual.
Thank you for being so kind.
both analogies have some validity.
The question for me is how you can engineer an optimal team.
I'm already pissed
so pumped about this tune!
Glad u like it!
Twitter?
RT : Shoot!
I never have good ideas of what to give up for lent...
anyone have any good ones?
: Honoring the Promise Gala at the features 
RNG TIME.
YES.
so funny!
Haha!!
Well you guys would be just perfect: ha
S/O to Tinley Park Students who going to PROM tonight!
Be safe and have a wonderful time tonight!
I love in song Boyfriend when he says Swaggy.!!
3
ok, but the offer is open if you would like to have a real conversation.
Need two female promo girls in Philly tomorrow!
8am3pm downtown.
Please email your contact  ASAP!
I will never find another one like you!
I have come to discover this fact!
oh my!
Go Nugs
Hi Kim.
Did your account get hacked?
Looks like nothing but advertisement all year
my brother erased all of the marker board that took me forever to write.
i just wanna hit him in the face.
with a chair.
Story Idea: Compare/Contrast Industrial era vs Globazation era parents, students, community.
Stop SCAPEGOATING teachers.
I'm good
i get soo weak in the knee
I will be expecting some updates!
A good man is hard to find.
A hard man is 
Super moon tonight is awesome!
Yep, all is well here.
You?
There?
Little Bro,I'll be there at Keenland when your horses hopefully win.
Regardless, Malone's after the big day with the fathers.
I crave social attention too much haha
I know its February but I've been spoiled by the mild winter so far ...
not exactly liking this REALLY cold day!
Need game system repaired?
Shoot, need a game system?!
That's ANY system??
Visit GAMEJUNKIE in Glenside, PA.
111 S.
Easton RD.
19038.
Lithia did that.....
DC go home!!!!!!
Our house nigggaaa!!!!
what is the coupon code to use?
I tried FBT4K but it's not workin for me...
American here from the NE, live now in Bahia mostly, but right now in Montana, family stuff  Where in NL?
Where from in the NW?
GSC party does start at 8.
Stand corrected.
Read a lot today.
must study for stupid Spanish language test on Friday.
The test is stupid not the language.
Still going.
My current distance is 1.87 miles.
Current song is Shoot To Thrill  AC/DC
Lord be by my side today as I figure out what to do.
Gotta live a healthy life and bid the sadness adieu.
Have you been to the OGStudio recently for a class, conversation, or event?
Tell us about it!
A total boycott of fuel on April 15th isn't realistic.
Boycotting Esso/Petro Canada for 90 days would be more effective at lowering prices!
We have The Arkells, Tyler Hilton, and Bill Chott interviews up this week!
Including a Tyler Hilton performance.
how r u my love,I wanna get to know you
A.Lee
Everyone focused on the worst part of that bill but it also made sodomy illegal defined as an unnatural carnal act.
That's stupid
I got you.
Just want to be sure what you cearly meant.
DailyQuote: Ever consider what pets must think of us?
Anne Tyler
Yeah, they're a lot of fun!
Plus you can get all kinds of fun colors!
Especially unhappy with Titanic steward saying, As if, Cluelessstyle.
Whatever!
2 years ago  I sliced my finger chopping for dinner  10 stitches
Did you know, thanks to an obscure Washington, D.C.
holiday, taxpayers have until April 18th of this year to file their federal returns.
it would mean the world to me if you tweeted me or followed me back..
We all answer to people, David : I'm investigating what the pros and cons are, we'll have a response soon.
Thx.
So suck of this rain.
Its january I want snow.
Bro I have no idea idk how they lost a lead that big
His high school and mine were rivals at the state basketball tourney.
Followed him from then on.
finding that webkitboxreflect doesn't render within webkitanimation
I went for years not finishing anything.
Because, of course, when you finish something you can be judged...
Reverse subsidy on cards to boost local manufacture of electronic goods  Hindu Business Line
Hooray Homestar Runner!
Rockies 26th in ERA and SO, 27th in Quality Starts in MLB.
Oh and last in Opponents Batting Average at .288.
Glad change is coming!
Chris Paul
shut upp!
Cause I knew what youu meant from tha beginning..
That suckks, !
ill tell you if the ICONic Boyz are on
Clippers just made magic happen
I hate my stupid ugly hair
Sweet i love waking up to find out that my money got stolen last night out of my purse
I can't make a tweet about you because you have a twitter and follow me.....
Why Thank You Sir!
yeah.
Me.
Happy trails to two cleanup hitters Miss ya both.
Coming soon; Touchbone Pictures Presents, the Rise and Fall of the DC Mayor; Chancellor, Police/Fire Chiefs  Attorney General.
A comedy!
I'm glad you liked suprasensorial as much as I do.
Stick around in the evening for song1.
Mesmerizing
I mean, Glenn doesn't get off work till 12 so that's why she wanted to do it at 1:30 and I can't get on a computer...
PS, thanks for motivating me to use twitter again.
First time in ages.
People need to believe that an individual has the power to make a positive impact on the collective.
On my way!
To the movie to see the Avengers I'll let u guys know if it worth see
that's nice they do that
I love !!
You should to!!
hahahaha, v festival tickets ordered!
Tomorrow we announce the applicants who will be invited for a live audition with at Radiant Studios!
Good luck to ALL who entered
Just rocked the shit out of lexington.
Chicago is next.
First time Minute Madness for me at JCDL2011 One minute speaking with or without slides?
I hope you're joking!
:/ You are super talented!!
So need a vaca!
Can I go on one of your 50 handpicked vacations?
RT : Is there the possibility of working remotely or is this an inhouse position?
Thanks Roe I appreciate it !
RT that last tweet!
Excited to have the join us for the New England Regional Meet!
I still don't get it, I hear 90s rap I think Tupac, biggy, snoop, doctor, west side connection,...Whats wrong with that?
I live by the expressway...I'm on the move...can't do these red lights.
I thought I was the only one!
lol i never paid her all the money lol
glad that you like it!
I hoped that you would!
See you tomorrow, Princess!
Only 24 minutes until its 3am!
that's one expensive turkey sammich
uhh , it's like 500 more than me !
and omgomgomgomgomg when are you coming ?!
Over it.
Dont expect anything from me cuz i'm done putting up with bullshit fuck you.
tired of fake ass people man
Easter Brunch.
why bro?
:o
Thanks for the RTs.
U guys r the best.
On my way to go Volunteer at Pet Orphans :
Go Little Ricky!
He spoke well who said that graves are the footprints of angels.
Done  done.
It has been purchased!!
Thank you.
Try some Smoky Garlic Goodness sauce!
I don't like to think.
Thinking makes me sad.
I loved that series boardwalkempire emmys..
did it win?
are they going to make more?
Got the tuneinradio app.
So ready for the return of
bro ur the bomb...could use some of that motown lovin down here in cape coral florida!!!
Miss Lea Hello!
I go by the name lea.
fifteen, a stranger in this big ...
And the sjsharks were asleep all snug in their beds.
Visions of golf clubs dancing in their heads
Mekka was pretty good n.n everytime with the best always ends up amazing cx!
shower n sleep
I refuse to believe the MiM0SA I saw at E.Zoo 2011 is the same guy that released Sanctuary.
His album is so much better than his live show
The Greatest Sex
i really think i might knock a bitch out
FSU can't even win the ACC; forget about Big12.
ACC will expand: Hello Notre Dame.
Blood of Angels is now available on Nook and Kindle.
snort everything.
Please let that tiny Eurasian out from under your piano bench  come to Show this Friday!
M Bar Hollywood!
Get your rally caps on badgers.
'12 F Sheldon Jeter announces college choice at 8 pm tonight.
Overtime again!?!?!
The Hawks should do their best to keep track of Boedker if they want to fight another day.
: Maryland And You ??
from cali live in Miami
There's 28 people in line for your job
i wonder why i havent heard or seen ndd we go to the same damn skool
Thanks much, we appreciate it fully!
when do you leave :'
chapter title?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery will have to give Howard I believe
O how i loove you.:
hoedown next Friday night!
Country music starting at 9pm 5 double whiskey's
Fried flounder in onions  black pepper sauce musing on Zeppelin's Lemon Song take on Howin' Wolf 's The Killing Floor.
Check it out, Steve!
hahaha, never watched that show
LiveLifeReckless.com ..
Coming soon
1 like  50 more views and a potential volunteer
pretty sure that the CVS next to my building is the worst one ever.
Ya Holding up traffic green means go!!
Good times last night opening up for Ray Wylie Hubbard at Gruene Hall!
But, I'm not to worried about it.
If she wants to leave, let her go.
We didn't speak anyway.
Lower Manhattans newest RENTAL building at 254 Front Street could see its first residents move in by April 15!
Tweet tweet mofukas
Are you sure that having soup in your hashtag is wise when talking about abortions?
So do I, but then that means I'll have to go to school..that means less time to fangirl about Austin  Alex.
LOL but thankss.
dang, how's he doing, better?
Getting those jealous feelings and I don't even need to 
I'm no Sophocles, but I would have edited out something useful.
RT : Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles
Getting my daily Funk with Wayman Tisdale and George Clinton  This fonk is 4u The Fonk Record
then how u expect Me to calk to ur school
we need some more followers!!!!!
Not sure why Lincecum is on the 1st base side of the rubber when everything is running inside the rhb box.
Looks like winter finally arrived....
Oh snap!
I def would have been down.
Too late?
Of course!
BUT Only if you Follow me and Call me ;D I'm one heck of a Basketball player ;
Ok Yo, we get it.
You wanna warm the bench.
Tonight, I am an old lady!
he thought as he doctorpped an ice cube into a glass of 4 white wine
Thanks for all the support.
New years show coming soon.
Contact us for tickets with LA Guns.
10 presale.
Hope everyone had a great...
that's not very nice :
Thank you!
RT : .
has shown leadership, taken a courageous stand  we should be proud to call him our President.
What I need right now is bacon 
Be even more humble
Many dirt balls at the Plymouth Meeting Mall 2nite.
Cursing, spitting general hood rat behavior.
Thought I was in the burbs
in his head or his beard's head?
SO CONFUSED :O haha

I don't know why I'm so afraid to lose you when you're not even mine.
I have double freeall goodI'll come at 10.
Is still in town?
In critiquing China, Westerners ought to understand 1 China's modern history; 2 Their own perspectives of privilege;
At the Maryland Leadership Breakfast talking about the future of the economy and all the changes over the years
thank you for the shoutout
Does The Mitt have a Mitt for Mitt to eat?
True.
It's probably best if I do the tweeting for both of us
Working on my summer soup lineup  what r your favorite soups to eat during the humid summer time?
Oh I didn't know they sold food in the bathroom
RT if you're celebrating Mother's Day today!!
Facebook Chat Symbols Meaning
I smile like an idiot and he dont ever understand why haha
Time to take some doctorgs and go to sleep.
This day can kiss my ass.
I think I'll grow a goatee so that I can get more accurate Six Flags caricature doctorwings of myself.
Also, start lifting barbells.
Don't you be holding back your love :
just left you a voicemail and would love to chat!
favorites from the oscarnominations : best supporting for melissa mccarthy!!
pina for documentary feature.
i have got to see the artist.
m.
just passed New Orleans on the Avenue..
add to food bucket list?
Can anyone help me with my Twitter account?
Tweetdeck keeps telling me Twiiter authentication failed?
Thanks friends I miss tweeting w/U!
what!
That's less then the hot dog vendors make!
yes ma'am!
Good luck to all our Boston alums out there running the today.
Stay cool!!
Overdue thank you's for FF to
What color?
I'm the Michael Jordan of tying shoes.
Okc is just swaggin on us right now.
That's cool
Frontier Deck Builders, Inc.
Suggests Shading Options for Outdoor Living Spaces
Our Save 300 Special ends this Thursday, March 29th, 2012!
Hurry and reserve YOUR seat before it is too late!
we seeing you later for birthday bbq?
I haven't even opened any yet.
Stupid family didn't get up until 10:30 :P
SI is about to release a report outlining heavy doctorg use by UCLA basketball.
Do they realize that this will help recruiting?!
Go Bruins!
just finished another round of insanity!
it was DEATH
I feel like shit.today was beyond bittersweet every good thing turned into a horrible living nightmare.
TY For the RT!
XO J
I don't believe...
I'm a bowler.
I don't...
believe in bad artists.
I just believe in me.John Lennon upon discovering others w/his name.
video should win
I knew she looked like someone but I couldnt put my chin on it lmao
Dsoc board had dinner  Busboys  Poets.
Mucho yum
glee Yay!
They won!!
Whoa.
Now it's It Came Upon the Midnight Clear.
What is going on?
Happy Birthday !!!
idk.
I've only met one person from the internet and that was
Who's gonna come see me tonight The Wanted official release party!
Spinning on the Washington Marina Yacht This Weekend, POWWW!!!
when I get home I'll fill you in on my new love affair 
I love Megan duquette
Im gifted.
RT : hey who does this account I know dogs can't type you can't trick me!
hey, I got busy.
stupid system went down  work...
but I'm back for a little,, dm me of ur awake
My hair is trying to mess up :
Wisdom teeth come out tomorrow :/
Mexico in pink
Sounds good!
Just let me know if I can help.
We'd love to see your interesting photographs of 66!
Send them our way and we'll retweet them!
just wait til you're in love haha
No problem Jeremy!
Thank YOU for the helpful session on linking strategies.
Looking forward to technori pitch tonight  good luck to all the presenters!
if this cunt tries to add me on facebook again, i'll kick her fucking teeth into normal positioning.
Stop pretending we're cool.
Faggot.
Depends on what team he's playing for.
TY back  ya!
starting my new job on Monday.
I don't know anybody there enough to ask them to doctorss me?
Lol!
Some of the old leather purses walking out of the tanning salon really makes me second guess going in.
Indeed it is!
The best job in the world
Awesome!
Glad you are here!
RT : CompCloud 2012 at the Palace Hotel Whoop whoop!
So glad I found my friend Krysta from last year
new fellows have no idea what they're getting themselves into...
Welcome back to !
not u too lol
Encourage some outdoor activity for everyone in the office with to help set the right mood.
Outdoor activity  indoor productivity!
Elizabethton is so boring.
I want to move.
Me too!
RT A new TV!...
RT : What is the one item on your Wish list that you are looking for on BlackFriday?
If someone was running for my party and his name was Dick Lugar I would probably doctorp him too.
we're based in vegas so we're ready to go!
Donte just said that pepsi is way better than coke.
HOW DARE HE.
just vaccation  I'm good to  excited for tomorrow  x
I can doctorve!
I'm sorry I'm late.
Someone stole my windscreen.
stop talking to me about college
was good?
pretty high at the moment, lol.
Hbu?
happy australia day to all my australian friends!
xx
Lawyer Amy Cohen received the American Jurisprudence Award for Alternate Dispute Resolution and practices Business Law in Los Angeles
John Elway stepping off the plane....
Foul by Carlos Bocanegra.
Thanks all!
Stuck at home all day again !
ADDITIONAL 20 off 20 off 20 off 20 off 20 off 20 off on red tag shoes and clothes EXCLUDING LEVIS!!!!!!!
TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY!!!!
At an interesting presentaion by University of Pennsylvania architecture students on the Baltimore Greenmount West neighborhood.
Play the player.
Ah the magic of being hacked.
:oP In any case, thanks for the headsup .
Time to go totter out of bed and enjoy my day off!
haim so talentedLOLwhat did you think?
haha the ending scared the crap out of me when she opened her eyes
talk with me any 1 im bored as hell :
Girl bye
Way to go 49ers
I'll check the postings for Cabo :
oh really?
lol
...
Thank you for the follow!
Happy Spring.
Once i put my headphones, my whole life becomes a music video
It's also just kinda creepy that we go to museums and look at human remains,
I always wonder about Oomf intentions 
can someone send me the link of justin with ryan and justin is wearing a blue hoodie, shorts, and a red sox hat?
MERRY 420 EVERYONE
I can agree with that lol
Of course.
And that's interestingam fascinated by Italy's attitude to women.
Congrats!
I'm so happy for you!
I told you, you got this!!!!!
xo
RT : Anyone know students/staff at Rose Hulman who could comment for story on sudden death of school president?
Call 4446204.
only has 440 followers?
Show the guy some love!
well get me sumn too then lol
Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you
Who is going to produce 100 thousand plants per week?
WE ARE!
It is snowing and I leave for Maycation with in 25 days.
Can't wait
Last words: thank you so much to the amazing cast and crew of 'Empire State'.
We will follow different roads, but I'm certain the future
Just Found My Girlie on Here OMG!
BaddBITCH MUAH :
Like my facebook page and recieve a free song download!
Hit like and click the download free music bar to recieve your song.
Excited For Selenas Perfume
My friends start talking seriously about us all having kids, and doing prenatal workouts together...
I am the only on with a boyfriend!
If I had the strength I'd make BBQ Chicken, Lasagna,  Grandma's good ol' corn bread ;
Good looking out Redlegs.
Nice win tonight in Atlanta.
Cookies n Cream Brownies today!
Two for 6.00 All Beef Sausages Qtr lb
yee, thank you so much luv  if you want me to make a special one, i'll try to make ;
RT : Today in Jewish History Bdate of Harry Scherman, founder of Book of the Month
Dear Harry, Can you come streak in my bedoctorom now ; xx
Just another day at the office.
Looks like we still have room for more interns!
Tweet us for more info.
hi!
planning to go there tonight, where can i see your menu?
Amazing how productive I can be while listening to Carcass's Heartwork in the office.
And nobody has complained yet, either.
If only I went with more than 22 for 6 hours.
Very cool!
RT Mobile phones are becoming more and more engrained in the shopping experience.
mobile qrcodes youtu.be/o9zcs1dg8qo
I forgot to reply to you!
I think I'm going to be in DC when the cubs go to az, but air fare was ridic at that point.
I will see
Omg today is ADay 3 cant wait to see who A is :
Yellow, blue, pink, purple..
What a beautiful sunset to doctorve home to
get of your knees ref tour blowing the game.
San Diego get to tonight!
Show tweet for free bull ride!
you eat poop!
not really if you do you can.
sad face
that cake is done love it!!!
The FreeLife Freedom tour was a smashing success!
Thank you to everyone that helped make it successful!
Thanks a million Evy!!
School.
Can't wait for 2nd period.
:z
Hate when the girl you like likes someone else:
lol, i'm just making it easier for you.
;
Wooohooo Jimmy Kimmel is coming to Brooklyn.
So many good things happening to my 2nd fav borough.
I would like to take this moment to Praise God.
Just had fun editing my story!
Today flew by...
Well.
you can all rest easy.
The Napoleon Dynamite cartoon has been canceled.
RocLyfe Ent.
will be launching it's website this week...stay tuned
Insurance is here to protect you!
Buy awful candy that no one wants to reduce your costs by 57!
Do you have a favorite song from the Up All Night album?
Thanks so much for the kind birthday wishes!
Can't wait to explore with you tomorrow!
:
Good night:
I'm sadly in Chicagoweatherappropriate boots!!!
But my inner ASC/Decatur woman is at with a beer and cigarette
So proud of my Alpha Epsilon brothers.
Congratulations on initiation!
legit filthy.
They're giving Will  Grace way too much credit for gay rights.
The show just made ppl comfortable laughing at queerness.
Good ball movement from ny
Lack of viable options RT : One week til Portland mayoral primary.
If you plan to vote but are undecided, what's holding you back?
hey muy inspirate is Jasmine V and she is my idol ;
last time I'd checked it's still 30 right ?
Education is an ornament in prosperity  a refuge in adversity.
Aristotle
Moment of silence for the raped fly...
You brilliant crazy motherfucker.
text me : I have a wild story
no ok Sugar is Joann form Stick It bye
I know!
I almost don't agree with the French sanctions on Nazist speech.
This is bad news.
I got all my final grades I'm still holdin a 3.5 and I only got 3 classes next semester and I'm done
Thanks for following EVERyboDY!
Davis may not be able to go all out on D but still makes a difference just being out there.
did you figure it out?
Currently lovin' some
Whoever was talking about their wicker subconscious.
Sorry, but thank you!
Explains my big brother's phone call of minutes ago.
Really not ready for school monday.
But i feel somewhat refreshed.
HELP  H, Ego, edging God out, Listening, Purpose.
Ken Blanchard
doctorsden,1997, Vancouver's Juliana Chen became the first woman to win a world title.
And Vancouver's Shawn Farquar won gold in Beijing,2009.
Headed to WWE Raw  1st Mariner Arena .....
whatever things r true,honest,just,pure, lovely, and are of good report; think on these things.
I'm about to acquire studio space!
Can't wait to have a zen room for my clients to their makeup done!
I'm I'm it to win it...
Haha night family 3
Jewpacabra oh geez here we go South Park!
well my friend came down and we jsut hung out and it was just fun i dunno we did alot of thigns XD
Yea warm weather..
!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Hiroshima Barbie ...just a shadow of her former self
I didn't get to eat taco bell.
Canceled order from the back of the cop bitch
Being in a relationship with someone doesn't mean you can take days off...its all in, or not in at all.
'Like' to agree.
ur welcome add me on facebook toninkajj or keep in contact wit me boo.
Colors of Gatorade...
let's chat!
BOYS:Shes your everything?
Your world?
Your universe?
Well then show her and make sure she knows it
Hope that you have a celebration planned!
A Healthy, Joyful year.
Gatherings is one of our classic favorite cookbooks!
Well its boring af :/
NEW RT2WIN Contest coming soon!
Stay tuned!!!
Zack Greinke is on fire.
He needs support now!
follow back :
Remember when mullets were, like, a thing?
these are beautiful!
On my way to Dallas to with to see with and
sorry i tweeted that twice, put the wrong link in the first one
I think that kid in school that said his teacher was cute didn't even say it to her.
An assistant teacher overheard.
hmm i think either inside of you or saving grace...
what about you?
Cory Monteith us damn ancient...30?!?!?!And he's still supposed to pass for an acne infested teenager on glee???
Lets not forget, Not all of Romney's delegates are actually all Romney delegates.
Quite a few of them are for Ron Paul
Can't ever recall a 1st overall picked QB getting his TE or WR w/ the next pick.
already ready for bed?
The morning show right on time w/ 'I Shall Live'..a small voice speaks to mecalms the current of my raging sea!
and why did you leave is that why he is all sad?!?!
D:
good!
glad u are beter!
:
I'm thinking a rent increase is the first line of business.
I'm w/U I've been self employed 20yrs this year.
We were given the right2life liberty  happiness
Off to run 3 miles baby , running it's the best.
ECM in Iowa works to ensure that every child has access to health care.
Matchmaker for sure!
Although I know you won't, I REALLY REALLY wish you would .
Bae said no weave but I'ma try it for the 1st time...hope it turn out right
LOL.
u def still have that Philly in U
yeah?
Dont listen to what other people say, if you truely like them then good!
Hahaha
We're headed your way tomorrow!
Looks like there's a lot for kids, which is great!
Looks like rain and this is a perfect event!
a couple mistakes tonight though.
Not as good as Erin.
Ah.
Fresh out the shower!
It's hot in PDX today.
That's the only thing that could cool this place down.
Shes A Good Person...
Going to pick my brother up from school
Haha: so just sitting in civics class sitting Here like I wonder whats up with so I'm going to stalk:
it became clear today why I hate college so much.
Oh I Get it they knew if hawks forced a game 7 it would be over........WORD
I've seen some crazy things in my lifetime but this is ridiculous.
OH: Person1: I like jimmy johns because it is cost effective.
Person2: So is anorexia.
This isn't a spam account.
I'm promoting a new site I'm launching.
If you'd prefer I stop following you just let me know.
15m: Seems the rain main be causing issues for both teams.
Hang on to the egg!
watching the curious case of benjamin button after alot of brownies and milk shots sounds like fun to me!
rockin a shirt today.
weartheworld check them out.
Buy a shirt :
I'm probably starting Tebow over him for now on
Thanks for the RT!
I hope it wasn't a pity RT.
I don't get offended that easily.
:
What the fuck i look like sayin im sorry to a bunch of fucking fags that cant potentially harm me!
: Women love men who can cook a little bit that's right!
vaumc11 Don't go anywhere folks!
We still got a vote to do!
I'm so glad I'm not alone!
Number of fucks being given: 0
I just smoke only for the kids around, normally I never do.
thanks!
I'd like to do a write up for Urbanistguide
Shocking acting news: A TL filled with actor humor,  no soapy inspirational acting tweets.

Jackie, a very belated thank you for the FF.
Very much appreciated
what up g.
U got any med
Love it!
Can you show me how to text behind my head?
:
was good?
I find myself staying up until 1AM because I can...no one can make me go to bed.
I am a rebellious teenager at heart.
Some one needs to fight on twitter and amuse me lol and ....
GO!
Reforming health care and justifying PSU Administration's 13 tuition increase by 5p tomorrow night.
Why do I have to do all the hard work?
You have more than enough POTENTIAL to change people's LIVES.
Danny Glover will be a special guest speaker at the Jobs Not Cuts Rally on Saturday not leading the rally
what are you gonna watch?!
Our Netflix has been down so I haven't been able to keep up with my shows :
Thanks lovely : You're an amazing Sweetheart!
Share with your friends and like my FB page: MarissaMFans
RT : RT : You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself.
Zig Ziglar
January is already over!
How is 2012 at your dealership so far?
yeah lol i think they're in the second section like not orchestra the one after I'm not sure bc I didn't buy the tix
Social Media has REALLY changed the game.
The nobodies are the new somebodies..
:.
Thank you for the K!!
:
I love your tweets, Mel.
keep 'em coming!
Given those options, probably literally.
RT : When people say they look up to me idk if they mean literally or literally!
: Why do I lose my school ID on a daily basis??
frustrated imhungryyy story of my life .
Gladly, I appreciate your support.
Send me a facebook message and Ill get you some asap
Good bench day.
Reading a bit, sleeping.
Another day awaits.
7 days away from the road trip.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen my mom walks in on me saying the word fuck.
Thanks for following Angela!
Be sure to also check out for more on the latest mktg, adv, pr 
note to self: stay bathroom local the day after curry apocalypse.
Review emergency stop locations prior to leaving the house.
Omg punch me I wanna meet Adam Levine
Interestingly, I haven't seen the Democrats in the Senate even vote on a budget for the past two years....
It's in Vegas this year right?
Yeah probably it would be a good idea to check it out.
lorenzo?
yeah.
that sounds about right
RT : IITSEC 2011 has officially begun.
simulation And please stop by the SMARTTech Booth 2611, Hall B for a handson demo
Aw if you were only close at the library
haha I try I try
Amy Winehouse and rock legends Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendoctorx and Curt Cobain were all 27 when they passed.
R.I.P Amy.
I love your music.
Sickest MCs doing it , , Papoose, Cassidy
And it's not only in the current election, it's the same with dems and republicans.
How about we try to focus on the stuff we do agree in?
Attended Meagan's visitation today.
What a beautiful testament to see so many people standing in line offering love.
Love love love scary movies!!!!!
well his first time is a recurring theme in his songs.
Well i guess i can sayy todayy was good .!
: 
Also disappointed by I Love You, Man...
swear to god im gonna tweet you every single day till you reply : 333
I feel like shit!
I don't wanna go to school /:
Check The Bulls record at home and away!!!
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can't believe some of these guys don't get it yet.
Mens shirts have the buttons on the right, but womens shirts have the buttons on the left.
I tried to be everything you wanted...I guess I wasn't good enough.
When you want to help someone, but you know you can't do anything about it..
Flamin' hot popcorn?
ATL  Go home.
Get fresh.
Then come have some fun singing it up karaokestyle at iLounge.
Tonight at 8pm  1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATLANTA.
Now it's really almost time 2 pitch entering the green room 2 get miked up
quick!
pretend ur a guitar!
:P
You, RICARDO are the BEST radio host!!
98.5 station is nothing but a lie  joke.
My man is putting in work..
Thank God for amazing friends who always come thru and my amazing fiancée!!!
LGBT 
been doing some green screen shots tonight for my new video
i was actually going to see if a dozen soft pretzels from wawa could help neutralize the calories.
does it suck/is it tragic?
Absolutely, but they're not liable.
Thank you for the RT, Happy!
:
We broke the 500 mark for participants on the Tools for Digital Storytelling Webinar!
Thanks for so many great questions!
Political institution?
Depends on the individual.
I think it matters in the online world.
You're talking about someone who was allegedly scaming people using ESPN as a kind of front
Tickets go on sale for MONDAY!
Not too late to get a subscription!
Call the box office for more info.
816.531.PLAY
My brother, Keith's chili is the best!
The neighborhood kids are playing marco polo.
It's good to be home.
Eff all these rappers getting Basquiat's  Warhol's.
NEW RULE: If u didn't write graffiti u can't buy em' 
girl......
U STILL dealing with that?
Cool.
I want to see them both.

I got a story for you!
Hehehe, oh just wait : loveya 
Have fun Suzi!
: For sure you wouldn't need any of my energy when you head out and see the action live.
:
Awesome minds think alike!
Well, at least your mind is awesome.
Me, not so much.
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
haha im writing part 3 right now and that is when i introduce everyone :
Why does my iPhone autocapitalize 'english' but not 'china'?
It's true!
Send your question to with askmichele and she may answer it as part of a video QA
Yes, that's true.
i have to doctornk 6 bottles of water and not eat or use the bathroom until tonight, this is outrageous
Seeing ALL ABOUT EVE at the was the highlight of my week.
One of my favorite films ever.
Let's kick it my dude
I heard.
Not sure if we are covering it yet.
I love when stores organize merchandise by color.
It makes my slight OCD happy.
I would like to note that my last tweet was not sexual!
Will do.
Thanks for the tip!
A devotional was sumthin diff.
What a Friday night
Stone cold sober.
Every moment in stark contrast against a bleak background.
Won a total of 125 to spend from senior bash!
Aye 
youknowyouregettingoldwhen your over doctornks conversation includes bank accounts.
Thanks so much
said hed look up my twitter, I even gave him my name to follow me.
Doubt he'll do it but it'd make my 6hr bus ride WAY BETTER:
I love you to!
nobody messeswithmygirl :
hey sweeite come out to my party this saturday?
Andi Smith EPA, WA: What can we do to get kids back in their homes or in a permanent home?
We need integrated case management to do this.
I have a ton of emails to respond to, but even more nolongerantagonized adenosine in my system.
Refreshing to see ad campaign during MarchMadness; a clear illustration of how brands can use sports to convey their products/services
Wow, my local PBS station is launching WETAUK, all British shows, all the time.
Andoctor Ethier goes deep, giving the Dodgers a 40 lead over the Rockies in the top of the 1st.
0 outs.
futurewewant  a world in which everyone has the freedom to realize their potential in whatever domains they are doctorwn to
RT : Everyday I am thankful for my friendship with everyday!!!!!
love you too Boobie lol
Since IUPUI is a state school, our library is a public library.
Homeless citizens often use public libraries.
doctorw Something now has ads, makin bank
I know...
I'm still not over it!!
Thanks for the RT, have a great day!
LMAO!
Roar on that one!
My dad made me wash his car .
I think AIG just may be in the mood for a Margaret .
Oh, sorry, Jesse.
But there's got to be a sermon in that somewhere!
RT : Hungry?
Get FREE BREAKFAST  The Wave Hotel in MIAMI!
75/nt on OCEAN doctorVE w/ NO Resort Fees  FREE VIP Club Passes.
...
'cause it's hard to make a dime go one hundoctord
hahaha!
I love it!
RIP all my exes ...
They dying without me!
she said man.......
You know the rest I'm sure.
;
Watching Vh1 they playing WhitneyHouston jamms.
Still cnt believe she gone...
May she Rip We miss you
Sorry for being cool ; x
I saw ya representing kll bound Ayoo Lol keep ya head up
Success is that old ABC  ability, breaks and courage.
Charles Luckman
Teyana Taylor Channels Michael Jackson in Make Your Move Music Video 
You're a Clippers fan?
My apologies then.
I thought you were a Laker fan/ Spurs basher.
I like the Clippers.
How will you be spending your Mother's Day?
We would love to hear...
Ha!
Classic.
i watch disney channel all the time:
Fact Check: Nathan Fletcher has always been ProChoice and for strong Women's Rights.
To make this a issue now is just politics as usual....
Enjoy your dinner and have fun 
Awesome!
I think I'll have to check that out.
Great ideas for higher ed instructor prep!
sounds from your tweets like there's a lot of good stuff going on.
you'll have to debrief me!
It's all worth it though!
Those food babies don't stand a chance.
Umm, I didn't get the accessusummit invite this morning in my email?
hello, monsoon!
goodbye, monsoon!
Does that pen in is pocket poke you when you hug him?
That may answer your question
and have a sextape
Thank you everyone for the bday wishes.
Appreciate the love.
Salute!
Hit the phone for the weekend/month plans.
Haha.
I love coming together to Glorify The King Of Kings.
Be Blessed all Day
S/O and happy birthday to my good brother !
I hope it's been a blessed day for you.
06!
The mothers day card my baby made me.!
almost made me cry
so any new senior pranks besides the beckford one??
Almost time to doctorve back to LA, long school day tomorrow ;
Thanks for always keeping Milwaukee St.
dining scene exciting!
I am now tweeting from instead of
why are all these mutafuckin snakes on this muthafuckin plane
People far prefer happiness to wisdom, but that is like wanting to be immortal without getting older.
We hope you all had an amazing weekend!
Our football team won!!!
Did you make it to the game?
Knee surgery went well and only 6 weeks till I can ride!
booya
spiders are so fucking scary...
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it.
Joe Moore
I can't believe you like that show too  imma show up to your house with a ring
Thanks so much for those kind words about LiveBinders!
Whats everybody doing this weekend
Oregon is near from Canada :o
I need to find a new place to live.
We're looking at sticking to Greenlake / UDistrict.
Let me know if you know of something.
Thanks!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
54
misterBickell...I hope you know all the bad stuff I may have said about you in the past were merely just jokes!!!
That blimp made me feel happy, as does the DCI practicing going on out in Military Park!
wathching the clouds and trying to makeout cartoon characters 3
I taught Jim Harbs everything about QBing during my Michigan days.
Coincidence he's now 91?
Nope.
Genius is contagious.
Didn't sleep one minute last night, ankle was hurtin too much
Mets put C Thole on 7day DL with concussion
It doesn't feel right that the boyz are gonna be on ABDC without Vinny.
Why is every party being called project it was just a movie.
And no party will ever come close to that
I LOVE THIS.
RT Make a Pressed Penny Charm Bracelet bit.ly/rivUrE
Hey, looking to get a sense of pricing scale.
Would you help me put a VERY broad ball park number together for a pitch?
Just finished an awesome voice lesson with at Brett Manning Studios.
:
this time tomorrow will be on his way to meet me in FL  YAY!!!
.i Want to go watch TheAmazingSpiderman 
here at MDC getting my learn on..
If the Vikings manage to trade down with Jacksonville just give Speilman a diamond studded chalice and a velvet throne.
jQuery UI Sortable by itself?
Fine.
TinyMCE by itself?
Not terrible.
Trying to sort elements that contain TinyMCE instances?
FFFFUUUU!
Do we really need another Andoctora Bocelli?
Take risks!
Think outside the box!
Dare to be different....
It's great that coming out as is gay is far less shocking to most people than when he came out as being 45.
He's 45?!
Really?!
Oh, what is a PALEO diet?
I havent heard of that.
Awesome marketing!
Honestly, Rise by the McClain sisters is a really great and inspirational song.
I love it.
Money can't buy happiness?
Well, it can buy 1D concert tickets, 1D posters and CD's.
Which is the same thing actually.
What's good.
I feel kinda average since u mention me wit all these other folks
Trying to get things done...
It looked like she left abruptly, no?
Too much chatter in the hall?
Morning, beautiful people.
Up  at 'em!
going to bed goodnight
SO HAPPY ITS FRIDAY!!!!!
WWW clippers...fighting hard in the dogfight
: My soul finds rest in God alone  Psalm 62:1
What even is Twitter?
Put your body bag in a body bag
Just look at them and say, THAT IS GETTING ON MY LAST AND EVERY NERVE.
RT : Noon EST edchat Topic: How will you approach this school year to improve over last year?
sschat elemchat Please join us.
is in Scotland and it looks sunny and inviting.
I'm jealous.
tripped on something, only to look back and realize it was a shadow
It sure would be nice if YouTube was W O R K I N G!
WTFH, YouTube?
Looking for some willing bodies to help on Wednesday eve or Tuesday AM.
Any takers?
DM me your email addy
we won!
: come to our next willowbrook game?!
Please :
Would you like free promotion?
Please email me at and we'll get you started!
Thanks!
So happy to be consorting with carbs once again.
.
Well, data structures is often 200 or 300 level, but yes.
I put mustard on the tuna or salmon.
Macadamias on sale at Sprouts right now.
Making lots of new friends at HoosierPRSA Social Media Boot Camp.
I may not make it to the promise land, but I know I will lead my people there
I need male recruiters...fellas let's get money...hit me up for details
Mark your calendars for Auntie Em's grand opening on June 9th!!
I really hate to burst any ones bubble...
However the people at the DMV make the people at WalMart look good....
Just sayin!
love the patterns, but not all brides can afford, especially last year, budgets going up tho
there's nothing like rejection
shut up!
omg!!
:D how cute, its beautiful!!!!!
and yes I'm feeling great!
Thanks, you definitely made me feel better!
:D
Where would Denver be without the ridiculous start in 3 point shooting?
Baby you fuck up my world like nobody else.
The way that u spread your legs gets me overwhelmed xD
unfortunately if you dont know who one direction is, you live on fucking antarctica ok
Who can tell me the translation for Dim Sum
OMG me too!
SO true:
Reading tonight about Esther.
I'm in awe of her patience in sharing her predicament to the King .
.
.
preparing banquets 4 him  her enemy.
Not my fault xD
good.
making good grades???
lol.
i sound like a mom.
haha.
welp in that case i apologize for severly underestimating your future.
itsbright 
Eating Nutella Straight From The Jar 3
Don't be too good, I might miss you.
Don't be too caring, I might like you.
Don't be too sweet, I might fall for you.
3
Hm I think bed sounds good about now.
Artist Go Download The New Tracks SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Especially Download Pour Up Get It To 1 On THe Sc Charts.
Go Now!
Hurry!
Listening to my first Christmas music of the year!
man i been slapping the hell out of it
Thanks for inviting us!
True.
Give me a break doe.
Geesshh..
I'm not afraid of mashmallows.
I'm just afraid of pronouncing it correctly, apparently.
hahahaha
happily so!
and hope to see you tonight.
Vegan sausage, pepper jack grilled cheese, and pasta.
Random meal is random.
Wild at Heart.
Let's get uncomfortable.
Niners looking normal again
How do you confuse a blond?
Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
I love you haha
Rebecca said something about
Just a few more minutes!
our doctormmer was 12
Last minute change..Tonight you'll find me  the Blue Martini with my band :30PM I will not be at Tulalip for Rockaraoke this evening..
Going for a run!
This slamdunk competition blows.
Where is the creativity?
I wanna.
Sum1 spin the ball on their fingers in the air and then dunk it.
I'm tired of seeing the future.
A cold beer and a beer garden make for a perfect combo.
Especially with this awesome weather.
Thanks for looking, !
Ive got practice!
Up early in the morning!
Hopefully when I get back will have followed or replied!3  3 the name
Move towards sociotechnical model for patient safety!
I love a women with some thing to hold on you know lol!
You never txted me back
Ready to get out of school 
sweet licorice!
this magical fairy dust just made a dinnerparty appear!
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire.
Proverb
Congrats my dear friend, Minority Business Leader of the Year!
get some payback for last years sweep at home.
I need to be able to talk trash to my fiance.
Kevin Hart is a trip!
Maybe im biased, but ill never understand why DC's Go Go music phenomenon never quite caught on outside of the DMV.
I love udon.
That is all.
lol!
That's cool.
No rain, no sun, but tons of wind nice rolling down the hills but that will not stop it from been an amazing monday with my friends!
:
Umm u dont think i know that SMH its not all about CST RT : um...that's the same time
Just played the new dlc maps on mw3 b4 going 2 work all these dlc maps are some of the worst  ugliest maps on mw history
NEW HEAT COMING SOON FROM 
Go ronpaul...we need his vision!
You're welcome and tell your friends to join the movement: Looking foward to it then!
Thank you so much
What grade are you in??/
Most people sleepwalk through their lives.
They fall in and out of love, hold down jobs, raise families, worry about the past, and doctoram...
Hey!
I talked to you on tumblr beforee!
And you're super cool!
Everyone should go follow you, just saying.
gratitude: Warm bed, red wine, another client, new and interesting people, dogs, the kids and quiet moments to think without dogs and kids.
?
I have been learning to write in korean for the past year awesome huh?
SHINHWA SAN talk to you later OPPA
SALUTE BROTHER MUCH RESPECT!!!
BASED ..
We Gotta Get Me To LONDON Homie!
hey!!
Go follow my froend and she will follow back.
Shes like, a huge 1D babe.
Haha thanks:
naw, they cancelled our tourny.
We play next week.
Presentation went well at least I think.
Met some great folks.
Now it's off to enjoy BBQ based on Gary's advice.
hmm some big name bloggers owe about Neal...
you gave him hell when he said the pick was crap.
damn whoever didn't come tonight missed out!!!!!!
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ?
:D
Sometimes you get exectly who you want!
just started the second book.
Great, easy read.
Don't start it at 4:40 or you may not sleep.
;
Texting one of my besties :D
Happy Monday!
Our dinner is on web special for tonight.
Save 10/person when you book online!
www.portlandspirit.com
2nite CROSSED KEYS at Taste Of Texas in Covina 5 a person.
All Ages..
Be there before 9PM:
k, when can we get someone out here?
gwen i'm not doctorwing chuck for you until you SEND ME THAT PICTURE OF WINKING TOM
The funding cuts that social services will take under the proposed budget will put many living on the edge out on the street.
America the beautiful!
Inspiring opening song appropriate and filled w respect gor our nation
yay now don't u feel better
RIP Christopher Wallace aka BIG
Why has my TFIFriday feeling changed from excitement to exhaustion!
Me thinks a work life balance assessment required!
what are you doing !?
aww thats so cute you have AMAZING friends my friends wouldnt do that at all lol
Love the Jerry Brown portrait in settlement room on House of Lies...hehe
Did he hurt his shooting shoulder?
She Texted Me  I Just Had A Fight With My Boyfriend , Wyd ?
SheWantsTheDick ;
: Thank you, I'm following back.
You are pretty darn good with words via your tweets :
We'd be TheLuckyOne if you'd tweet my best friend for her bday ;
Planning vacations for the summer so I need vacation time for then...
:
BuildYourFans  Spread enthusiasm get in touch and give back to your most passionate fans.
Invest in YOURSELF!
watching and Ethan play Cars 2 on Xbox.
Poor little guy is sick : So he's getting spoiled today.
The Recession Buster.
August 21st.
Email with Subject: Cities of Gold to RSVP.
It is common sense to take a method and try it.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another.
But above all, try something.
F D.R
RealFriendsDont Keep secrets and they don't tell lies
That's still awesome!
Congrats!
: Tonight Special event kitchen open till midnight !
Evelyn and chad relationship looks fake as hell
Oh so you Don't like papa johns?
it's like the 1st week in July.
: Glad you're coming!
Did you realize admission on Saturday for kids 12 and younger is free?
Hours are 27 PM.
What a FOXTASTIC MORNING!!!
aww ok...
shows how much i pay attention...
lol...
out of all the books I think the prisoner of azkaban was my favorite of the hp books
We are happy to introduce a new member to our Team.
Liza Grzeskowiak.
You can contact her at:
A fan knows who Justin Bieber is but a Belieber knows who Scooter, Pattie, Jazmyn, Jaxon, Jeremy, Ryan, Chaz, Christian  Caitlin are.
To all you pieces of toast out there, do yourself a favor, save yourself some time, and jump in my mouth.
Will never stop being amazed at people's inefficiency
she said no
Ironically, we're using screwcaps on our 2011 white wines.
It's not that these companies don't have great people, it's that sometimes they are not allowed to run!
go with the nap each time you get a chance!
brb moving to los angeles so i can go
since when are you on twitter!!??
I'm so sorry we didn't get to link up when you came to LA.
When you coming back???
Always sweet kicking that Cardinal rear in St.
Louis.
what?
Who do we need to bribe in the situation bro?
Give me a name.
Ill donate 20bucks.
Happy Holidays to all our Tweeples and their loved ones!
seriously right??
Although rdj was looking pretty fit too...
I think they just all worked out together for the movie.
When replaces David Stern as the commissioner of the NBA, I think the NBA becomes more entertaining than even NCAA bball.
Also if she has a theme that'll help me think of some snazzy deco for em.
they have your size on file or what?
That's cherry.
yeah but we should always be disgusted by it.
This was a Wednesday night in April, not 4th of July.
Fuck my everything hurts
No Steve don't go!!
Apple needs you, We need you!!
The Alpha Agency is almost to 1800 Likes!
Let's get them there!
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
A pickpocket snatches watches.
I'd never even consider anal
peterson on bye, Bradshaw doubtful, I have mccluster, Starks, and battle, helu and choice still available...am I sunk?
can't, not using an app.
Hatd to explain
thanks chica!
I will be doing some pub crawling 4 St.
Patty!
They dye the river green for the wkend.lol.
I just landed.
Xoxo
Auditions tomorrow.
Prayers are appreciated.
Prayers from Patti Lupone are oppreciated.
Her name is Faith and she is 74 years old!
Wow!
God bless her heart....
thank you so much hon!
Us too!
Hope you stop by our WALLY van and say Hi!
See you there!
So good seeing you on the west coast again.
you're tha best.
OH HEY DER.
I had the weirdest doctorams last night
Am I the Only One That Tweets On Here ?...
Ally haha.
Gotta get on family feud
it's my sisters favorite anime right now.
You should watch Death Note next!
They say the camera never lies.
It lies every day.CESAR ROMERO
My sisters pregnant again!
:D
thanks for all the tweets this season.
I hope ur covering the finals!

therealrayc what's up tonite.
question do y'all thang.
Fellas
Who hears rain and asks their phone if it's raining, only to walk over to the window anyway?
Rainy day in LA love!!!!
love your Twitter bio.
;
Awesome news!!!
Congrats Well deserved!!!
Did you see Chef doctorw prepare his Poached Shrimp Salad?
Quick  delicious!
Up next is a Seared Diver Scallop dish.
So good.
Those tweets were confusing.
really mom ?
go 2 bunny's parents, c datz y ion tlk 2 u, u on dat other shxt, im on dat bxtch finna get n arrow through ha skull level 
hahaha I remember that from high school I was like o.....k....
Syncing and uploading 30 more interviews from our Returned Peace Corps Volunteers Project.
Stay tuned!
A job interview is a good reason to go shopping right?
I disagree, flatiron tools are meant to facilitate tool and framework ventures...
10 Most Needy Schools in terms of facilities to come from SBA soon
Web producer, web developer, SEM/PPC expert, interactive designer.
Need talent.
Get in touch.
I hate this place..
CSCO had a good quarter.
The market is unended by the usual hedge fund stupidity.
If I were SEC Chairman hedge funds would be regulated
Wondering if my kids are really gonna pay the EC2 bill if I get uploaded to the cloud instead of dying.
It's 622/month...
Worth it?
true on all levels!
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.
David Burns
now now...be nice.
Thanks for the RT's!
Sharon the Sea Turtle goes home Today!
I knew this was going to happen..I see tweets and statuses and pics of PAXEast and I'm pissed I didn't go.
I guess there is always next year
Great!
Enjoy the read.
Blessings staff
when i transfer to hoover :/ i guess wer in the middle of transfering me :
mentioned the California Genealogical Society in 21st c.
Marketing for Genealogy Societies.
Thanks, Thomas!
oh YES !
If it comes in somebody better do it with me.
NP Baby cham ft rihanna boom boom!
I would love anything you had in mind ;
Blake wants to be just like you and he wants to watch Diego and do his ABC's..:
crazy shit happens to me every day
congrats girl!!
you're so lucky 3 xo
Get off the coach and get moving, contracting is your ticket to the world and a good income...find out how, get the book.
Thanks for the Shout Out tiger :D This guy is a champion
6to10pm  5 trucks 1 parking lot...
spoiling Summerlin at least once a month.....
good fun..
family friends neighbors bring em all...
Greatest feeling: when an election watch party can officially become a victory party.
Congrats !!!
did brock fired?
don't stress!
I'm sure you'll do great!
When will you get more smalls of your Champs sweatshirts?
I've been dying to get one!
Nice!
I can freemount and ride about 8 feet so far...and then I end up on my face.
Per the picture.
Hee hee.
can't wait!!!
Feeling so cultured this season!
xoxo
I need to step my tweet game up severely.
I'll consider it :
It's incredible how many people tweet each day!
By destroying your brain cells?
: Raise your hand if you like gas guzzlers raisinghand truck jeep hummer 
Thanks to the RevJudge  the Women of Midway 4 an Outstanding Women's Day Celebration with Evang Eugene  Pastor Sherrie Austin
Ingrown hairs, el diablo.
idk you tell me
Did you know L.L.
Cool J stands for Ladies Love Cool J?
Did you also know L.L.
Bean stands for Ladies Love Bean?
2 and a half men is really America's 1 comedy?
Give me the beats boys
Perfect song to start the weekend!
HappyFriday, folks!
I'm gonna party with my friends!
This video is pretty clever!

Just got up from my supposed tew been short nap kinda turnd out longer den wat I expected but at least my head stopd hurting..
2 things.
said if he was straight hed doctorss like me.
He also made out with a chick that looks like whoopi goldberg tonight.
I would but I work tomorrow
My little cookie binge also means I don't get dinner.
Plus, still praying for death.
On the plus side, totally worth it.
Looking for solo piano gigs in NYC.
Any idea?
I am Grand in my own way but hes grand in many ways that are his own if that makes sense3
We have Meatball Parm Subs today!
Soon as we can remember the freakin email addoctorss for this acct we'll be moving to in prep for Beantown and beyond
My paycheck yesterday was 44O , I only have 1O left 
congrats, one step closer!!
hey I'm outside your house :
Did you know mer aka JT's mom while at one of the NSYNC concerts?
Her thoughts his mom is awesome!
word??
What a cocky mf
Happy Thanksgiving, Horns fans.
Let's feast on these Aggie turkeys one more time.
Happy Mothers Day to my mommy and all the other moms 3
Thanks for the invite!
:
24 hours until doctornks for pink
So true!
RT : The great thing about sports is all of our greatest arguements are settled right in front of us.
is the mink practical tomorrow?!?
Wonder if Rexam has found a buyer 4 its Closures biz?
bn shopping it 4 a few weeks now ...
Thank you  LA Musicians Institute  Loved your soundmen excellent audience Thank you Ruth Price RNP Band  R Vitro
I've been good!
Busy getting up to social media speed.
Lots to learn!
Happy Easter :
RT: I wish I was more open with my feelings instead of making everything a joke
who me?
Nope...
I think I've only been to the club once and it was for my 18 birthday
I feel your pain lol : Staying up until 12:30 to see the NUGGETS win was worth the difficulty BLUEANDYELLOW
what an amazing video made for me by !
i love you, thankyou for the wonderful things you said about me.
3
one that'll be able to handle our crazy adventures and shit :
I might download the app to today mines is Giftedchic :
ROTFLMAO.
You've become one of my favorite comedians and court jesters.
no problem ok dude wats up long time no chat
How gutsy is this performance by Luol Deng?
Where the muzik at G.....da homie put me up on game bout ya.
love that song.
love u too :
Oh no!
How did I get hacked?
I don't click on stuff...
We're having oatmeal with berries for breakfast.
What are YOU having?
Definitely have heard sim.
concerns myself.
Also am impressed w/how some large institutions  UM, Cal State  are implementing.

St.
Paul's College fundoctorising committee meeting.
im down here with the 8th graders for yearbook and aw...I wanna go but dobie is about to get here around 12:20
I hate when ppl tlk Spanish around me ...
Makes a NIGGA nervous
Isn't it great??
We put up the picture!!
I'm sharp as a razor blade that come from gilette, I'm under ya neck
Thanks, Dan!!!
RT Happy birthday to a great friend, !!!!
Don't look a day over 19
Tonight from 7close these pints will be buy 1 get 1: FlyingDog Lucky SOB, Yards Brawler, MagicHat 9 and Killian's Irish Red
Anyone else a little curious to why the Suns didn't play?
Or tomorrow?
Start the damn series already!
I've seen more open on weekends, but I've yet to see them open them all.
Not once.
RT   I'm going w/the lions  New England Patriots.
John is very dark today
Who has song suggestions for a finale dance or video??
New and fun?!
I love cheering people up:
FishNChips Great stop!!
U r another one with a cast iron stomach!!
24chow Keep the pics rolling!!!

Can We get a mention in next wks issue 4 our 2010 celebration of hope gala on 10/22?
DM ur email addoctorss when u can.
Thx!
my team name is dedicated to you.
Thank you for the RTs about MoADAfterDark!
working on Word Press
Well..I guess this is pretty much going to end badly...
What to do about nothing..
Everythings gonna change!
I made it about 5 minutes into it.
I thought it was terrible.
Thank you for letting us!
:
i think i accidently just yelled at someone from the FDA who was nice enough to call me back after 5pm.
love it!
Gotta slow it down sometimes.
Haha.
Let em know you dont like it, but would rather enjoy it than hate it.
No school for me :
We should make more beer sometime soon.

can't wait to shoot!
:3 love being creative!
Today is finally my last day with my old friend/nemesis blackberry.
It's been real.
My BBbeautysecret is: Every other time just use conditioner when you wash your hair.
You will notice softer strands!
Tweeting from the Seattle Show board kickoff.
Looking for a CD for the event.
Suggestions?
Tweet em here.
Thought I was done with Ikea but IT IS NOT DONE WITH ME.
no, YOU rock.
What are some good resources regarding PR?
Thinking about taking a trip to the coast to photograph bellies and little ones later this summer.
Can't wait for 60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace  the man who invented the tv interview.
serves them right for exercising!
He was slate!
: Why wasn't the geologist on time?
yahoo notepad is still down.
This bodes ill.
Did they kill it?
who wants to make glitter easter eggs with me?!
:
Thanks for following me.
Have a beautiful evening :
You mean it doesn't??
funny; the bad egg?;
Almost didn't make it.
Congrats to me.
Dude, what's up with the Jersey Laundoctor site?
I've been trying to buy stuff for days!
Thanks for Following...Front Office will definitely try you out...we hit SoBe eateries alot.
when u dont have tru tv in your room
no more car spoilers.
i'm rooting for a fiat.
U know I want Otis to win!
you're probably small
lol He cold but havent came out with anything lately
There we go!!
How could we forget!
Thanks for the RT
Back in Chicago, safe and sound.
No TSA issues in San Francisco airport.
Will post thoughts on my trip to SF and consult with Bowers soon.
Sourdough, olives, dijon mustard.
Amazing.
Busy afternoon of photographing  card making.
Now onto some image transfers!
house margarita yummy
Last.fm on the Xbox is pretty cool.
Rather have Pandora, but this works nicely.
Just go play with your adorable puppy and let me think I'm smart for once...
Gosh
Oh ya super monkey
the shit I remember when I'm sobering up
Today could be Busy: 911 Remember at Shaw's in NE MPLS.,concert fundoctoriser charity.
Gopher tailgate at Stub and Herb's.
I had a fear over 20 years ago.It stayed with me all this time.Over the past 1.5 year I have had to
its strictly for professorssional Research purposes , Right?
Duke and Mizzou lost.
I had them in the Final Four.
R.I.P.
Bracket
Raburn is terrible
New Shirt's Coming Soon.
Stay Tuned  www.snoclothing.com
Anytime, my friend.
haha I can see that
OMG im addicted I litterly LOVE '2 BROKE GIRLS' the are AWESOME !!!!
i watched the whole season in 2 days i love it
Believe in yourself!
Norman Vincent Peale
I'm worried it's gonna go out here and I took a big nap today!
: Morning!
Role call!
Where you at and what u doing?
in bed, turn off the lights and give me 5 more min.
Missing NY /:
third inning.
I'm pretty sure that after seeing NKOTBSB I have been following and the guys every move!
I'm officially 12 yrs old again!
You who were once far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ...
Have hope, have God
I pay off tuition here in June, so I was going to see if I could fly out there sometime in the summer to establish residency...
I wish Carter woulda just shot up Elias!
Good show tho!
And you don't want to be here in the future So you say The present's just a pleasant Interruption to the past
Was there a fire in the page?
twice as many openings as we have workers who can do the job.
is why we need edoctorform and
Agreed.
A lot of bizarreness in that brief article.
Oh my god!
My post about the tan lady got 752 hits!

why not  could have aging detectives with cats, etc.
Author is a narrow minded indie rocker.
Enjoys seeing bands play the same 13 song show over and over.
Let the tour begin!
Hahaha y do I always trip over the rug at work whenever I get here??
: ah good dayy gunna b a good night
Thanks!
It means even better programming for Hoosiers ahead!
RT : congrats on the grant!
Haha teacher's kids are here too!
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world
hope you had a good one.
Same here...
blah.
Excuses ;
You'll get out of life what you put into your life!!
One day over his next DUI.
maybe they will actually let me be a contestant!
tonight seem like i shoulda went out.
but i didn't
turkey bacon BLT and fruit!
lol I hope
OMG watched  one thing!!
Amazing been waiting for school to finish so i could watchi it!!
Americans loved it!!!
doing some late night hand block printing for  nice way to unwind from a long day at the office
It is awesome, as I must remind myself at 1:00 AM as I hallucinate ...
lol.
But it really is fun.
After a fabulous, wintry weekend with our son, I am looking forward to seeing Zero 7 tonight with my lovely wife
this party is exhausting...and never ending
Please come visit us at ShelterHopePetShop in Thousand Oaks Janss MarketPlace.
The 1st animal shelter pet shop inside a mall!
tell me you're going to linas tonight and make me the happiest boy in the world
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: Classic Rock that was Brand New 35 Years Ago
Jared Sullenger is entering the NBA doctorft; the funny thing is that he would've probably made more money at ohiostate next year
Those last two links should help, then.
New business cards, new site, new job!
Come Friday, I'm a free woman!
You're a skeleton key opening me...
Your Twitter professorle is adorable.
Thanks for the follow, Handsome ; 
RT : I would agree to watch Dancing With The Stars if they started putting Stars in quotes.
Too Funny!!
Whats the hardest part about eating healthy?
want lunch but cant get away call picosos mexican food we deliver look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
Yes 100 Buy Low on Gallardo.
The Brewers have much better bats than the Braves  more wins.
oh my gosh..abbey look at your butt
I just registered!!
Woo!
the sherif said boy im gonna watch you die, with 19 more minutes to go
Early in the 21st Century, the Tyrell Corporation advanced Robot evolution into the Nexus phase....
btw, love the show!
Keep up the good work!
I WANT A CUPCAKE!!!1
you are welcome!
We look forward to reading your tweets!
We hope you have a great day
Hi Arianne!
We'll get you set up if you email me your model  and software version to
See you tomorrow at midnight on with and  ready to cave the roof in
It was so nice to have a surprise breakfast with friends for my moms birthday!
I know I was very lucky :
I'm itching to do another show!
3
Why is it always long n crazy days the week b 4 school starts...ugh
MSM in joint products is the antiinflammatory.
In other words, it is for pain.
At least 500 mg should be good.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously hair, shoes and weed.
I fucking hate crosby.
If youre gonna be a dickhead doctorp the glove like man pussy.
S/o go follow that nigga!
Real nigga!
Or, maybe you want to go plant your for sale sign right now and get in on it.
:
It's feeling cooler outside  the reality is setting in that it's nearly fall...I'm not ready to pull out my sweaters yet
Merry xmas
fair  but im raw still B
I can help to find residential and commercial properties in Dallas TX, I am a Real Estate Broker, and Apartment Locator
2 weeks ago today was the day I boogieboarded for ten hours straight, IMissTheOcean 
He doesn't like George Michael, BOO!
Film just ended.
QA starting with filmmakers and surprise guests from the film!
Remember, power is simply the ability to do work  work is any influence on the physical, emotional, mental, or other realms.
Right!
RT : Ain't Much In Corpus, But It's HOME.!!
Oh sure.
Not trying to make anyone jealous!
; I'll pay the FedEx fee to my place when you're done....
our film is being featured on the website tomorrow night at 10pm EST / 7pm PST!
Check it out!
School is going to kill me this quarter.
Again.
I wanna give a huge HAPPY MOTHERS DAY shout out to someone who is inspirational and has made a huge impact on my lfe LOVE U
Yeah,you live in Thailand right?
lmfaoo!
!!
Ohh man ill tell you how when I call You .
Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name.
This girl next to me in the library just pulled out one of those orange peeling tools and is going to town, OCD style, for over 5 min.
now!
re: GG coverage: Hilar reading your views and everyone else I followwhat you love, they hate.
Sight unseen, Stylista FTW!
see, I'm doing my job.
:.
Can't wait to hear you give him crap on the air.
I think I pulled a back muscle No bueno.
Celebrate At Sky Lounge Our Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night TwoStory NightClub With over 5 Bartenders, Cocktail Waitress's, VIP Bottle
I know!!!
I am speechless
oh hi guys the people who just folowed me :o from you know where and i shall not name ; heheh
subject could  real world.
ex.
food issues 1.
food diary 2.
research sparked by diary 3.
then trace food through archaeology
A grocery checker once told me she could read my aura.
Just take my money!
RT : the fred meyer cashier just asked me my sign.
your very welcome
me too.
In the lunch time line at the bank !
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins
Vary your workouts!
Change them every 68 weeks.
Endurance  Strength  Power.
Question?
Email me 
Grantland: 1.8M uniques.
Not bad, my friend.
Ice cream sandwiches for everybody!
Listening music from !.DALEE.i B
Only if there's a cigar in one hand and a beer waiting to be picked up by the other after that camera's put down.
Working On So Icey Grinch 2!!!
OH SHIT DON'T GET SCARED NOW!!
2 HUNID STACKS HE PUSSY!!!!
Wow that was my first sly dig in a while proud of myself 333
email us
no problem.
I 3 a lot!
3 days, 21 hours until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!.
Go Jollymen !!
Earth Day was yesterday!
What did you do to improve the environment?

look forward to hearing from you!
Remember is free today!
Check it out!
Just got done with my workout 
Agree!
Good advice for everyone.
I'm in a really bad mood idk
Getting reports that crossing the Hoan right now is dangerous.
Both hands on the wheel!
I'm laying under an electric blanket, yet my toes still feel like ice!
Ugh.
Why am I always cold??
Thanks for following  can't wait to see you when you return from the Wild West!
Ugh!
I hate being sick :  Good morning though.
Japanese Tea Ceremony brews Saturday in Madison
So these helicopters are clearing my roof by, like, 20 feet.
What the hell is going on ??
Lost On LeMans, The Rest Of Us, Death Is A Dialog at Gallery13 is this friday, see you there 3
OMFQQQ MY PHONE HASN'T BEEN RECEIVING MESSAGES AT ALL TODAY.
The impossible is only a matter of opinion
only you knew how much I love you......3
nice tweets dude!
Ah!!!!
RT This is gonna be the longest 25 minutes ever.
I didn't say you said they were bold either.
I agree with you allaround, except I think SA will win in 5.
2012 is gonna be your year33
Got an appointment for my lovely chipped front tooth.
At 830 AM.
On the medical campus.
Fuuucckk
Good, Nyjer Morgan is acting like a dickhead again.
Maybe he'll start hitting like the 2K11 model NyjMorg too.
All you need is love.
what ever they are your tweets
I'm not on that list??
Sad faces all around : lol.
Oh.
Hahah!
I thought you were talking about the doctor Parnassus thing.
what is a shower head cap?
getting ready to make shopping list for art reception yummies.
I bet the TRex used to get joked about all the time in high school wit them bony little arms, but guess who got the last laugh!!
I'm fucking tired of waiting for people and having to rush to fuckig school I'm gunna start just leaving you if youre not outside when I say
Now to all my Thunderfans to close it out....
First ever farmer's market trip: short and sweet.
I got Caledonia honey and Mayhew strawberries!
Awesome!!
Sounds good!
Wish I was there, but I've got an early flight out for the cruise tomorrow morning.
I love grizzly bear
same concept as spam, it works or it wouldn't be there
captainre the flag zombies outside my window on the ground floor UniversityHousing IWantToPlay!
really?!
Ohmygosh, where at?
TedxTedLeo talks, tell me that wouldn't be an epic discussion
The only thing thunderstorms are good for is making out during.
Since I've been single forever, I haven't experienced a good thunderstorm.
Please be aware that icicles forming on buildings are a danger and can do great harm to individuals if they fall.
Heads up!
At work on 4 hrs of a crown induced nap and feeln fuckn grand.
Hannibal Buress murdered at the Parish during Moontower Comedy Fest in Austin.
Crowd got a little punchy at end, but he checked the yellers.
Sarah and Bristol Palin want to trademark their names.
Who cares?
No one else wants them!
hahaha I don't know russian but 'suck my dick' is pretty international.
i would every fucking day
is probably the biggest picture fanatic I know.
He is definitely an effective Facebooker.
ain't that the truth!
good question, some day we'll get an answer.
hopefully not too late.
are you suggesting I should introduce myself to my phone like that??
my friend ended her journey tonight but she's set anyway, she'll get a deal
okay cool, lets talk...
why did i wake up to txts from ppl all talm bout some u up?
or u sleep?
at 5 am  wtf?.
loved hearing about your state regs experience
We aint on da same page if you dont play dis game how its played all wayz
Baby you winter time fine 3
No spoilers!!!
Can't believe I have to wait til tomorrow!!
: confessiontime!!
Revenge 
Sometimes being confused is just denial of the obvious
apple didn't do that ftr  it's open source.
So yes, my point stands
So, anybody watching the second game?
sillyofmetothink that I could actually sleep tonight with tons of undone homework and you stuck in my mind.
Hot saa2012 conversation in the mgment of collections session.
Moderator focusing discussion on what actions need to happen.
Very useful!
Love my new iPhone
You have so much cellulite.
She call me cocky...I said that's not me...she call me papi...and I say veni aqui...
great hang last night, much thanks to Rich and the staff at Crown Victoria for putting up with our foolery
like 15 times.
It either says it doesn't recognize the ink or that there isn't enough.
:/ it's getting annoying.
damn straight!
did prefer satin the mix n headphones to satin girls.
Also, re: last Turing tweet I feel like I need to  half the internet, but most recently:
3 hey twitter we've been practicing our cheers!!
we threw Stacy in the air today..
it was classic : ahh man i love my life :D
Hopefully all my print subscriptions will be available on iPad by the time my paper subscriptions run out.
did one of your dudes leave a bathroom bag??
Jose Mourinho and his Madoctord should learn how to take a defeat though.
I'm going to yoga later.
Look at us hippies
Aww i was bout to say
What the heck happened to my twitter!!!!!....
HACKED..Omg...Mysterious..
In spatial metaphor, you discover an obstacle rather than fail to achieve a goal
Have an awesome day
What are the best web font services?
Looking at and
He who hasn't a penny sees bargains everywhere..
Chinese Proverb
Mary Jeffers: cornerstone of US PublicDiplomacy is that once people know us, they'll dig us.
I hope that was for me 3
I'm going to need wet cheese and an embarrassing email I can print out about an ENORMOUS friend to help you
Ima go to the movies and not give a fuck about anything
RT : Theres no shortcut for connection  conversation.
Face to face can always take place with technology.
Ryan Costello New York, NY // good luck Ryan!
she said she want to yell bomb on the airplane
Muscle is hurting...but hope i can shoot another 3 points at our basketball paractice...eeeeppp
: When I die, all I want to hear is trance vocals TATW serioustweet
How excited are you for tonight?
We all know Texans are the best.
It's the best thing in the world RT : To aomf go watch Summer Heights High on YouTube.
Start with the first episode obvi.
F
Take a shot for me!
What happened to the great band of last season?
The new sax player is so unexciting and is the doctormmer gone too?
might do a twitcam this friday!
I am crazy about ties, that is all
my teacher is dumb as shit
this is hardly a division 1 offense, let alone a big ten offense
During the twitter party I' ll b giving away special glutenfree dining kits for 2 from !
Kit includes bread, pasta,  more
Webster Public Library.
It's nice and cozy.
And, of course, very quiet!
Coffee was 1st mentioned in literature by Rhazes, an Arabian physician.
I would like to make more real connections on Twitter and build as well.
when you come baCc to San Diego huh ?
I comee baCc on tha 29th of this month.
Oh M.G, I love English sports cars If ever a twitter needed a valley girl accent, it would be this one.
AWOL?
He told you to abide the law you passed.
Congress making busywork for themselves is AWOL.
Thank you much!
I'm tellin you though these people don't understand how fake they really are
Hey sissy face :D I loves you
They say if you chase a rat you'll find yourself in a rat hole.
Chase reality and youll find yourself in a hole away from the rats
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
thats great national recognition!
great job owu soccer
didn't that already pass?
I saw it!
Happy Belated I new it was last month or this month.
I am so glad your staying true to what you do.
Be blessed
Make your job your vacation and you will never work a day in your life.
Friend of 3Bet John 'The Razor' Phan is running good in his 'No Coolers' shirt today.
80k in chips and counting
: Reminder: Goals are only ever met by those who relentlessly pursue them.
my friends are such assholes
yes I did.
Exactly why I didn't!
:
Time to step errything up!
are you still at ?
I am sad I missed the chance to meet you.
Just got in.
Ron Paul: impersonating stoned, stereotypical white grandfathers since...
the stone age.
I posse a strong time management and prioritization competency Do you now?
I posse comitatus too.
I already too you what happens of I fall asleep today
Thanks man!
Lmao same here!
bra they ugg .
where's man u tho
I love 's mom, iswear shes such a cutie!!
It wasn't bad at all!
Kinda weird, but pretty good!
Hahahaha.
Just speculating.
I'd rather have the Raiders...but will take any team at this point.
Like local music?
RT this and tell your friends to follow us!
we gon find you we gon find you!
Hahahha
time to gets mine and do whats best for my career ad future of basketball.
its funny when she gets mad thats all she will say
doctorpping like flies.....
Rosetta Stone: Why are you on my Twitter feed?
I am acquainted with Stonewall and I know a few stoners.
But the only Stone I know is Patsy.
In 2011 I promise to become more diverse and accept the fact that cars exist besides the ones in Nascar.
Saddest episode of
Thanks for the follow!
dude, you TOTALLY just came in 2nd on scramble!
my wife was playing and recognized your picture from my facebook!
Darneil you've just finished your freshman year of college, what are you going to do?
Watch
You'RE Tall, OMG look how short I am next to him!!!!
iGetAThatALot ....
Lady get your stink ass away from me is usually my response..
Breakfast burrito and a bloody mary for 10 bucks.
Get some!
Nice work!
so true.
hey how are you today.LOL :
going to work with a pounding headache.
Thanks !
No worriesif it were up to me, I would most likely choose SXSW :
Thank you TJ!
You rock :
Good company!
Thanks Carlos!
Yep, this week went just about how I thought it would.
Next week better look out...
HAPPY FATHERS DAY  FELIX DIA DE PAdoctorS to all out there
CMF club night soon at Heat?
Yay!
Time for with John Grunsfeld of science / Jon Gertner of re 'The Idea Factory' aka Bell Labs!
lol.
i thought so.
I never understood why people take pictures of themselves while they doctorving , are yall tryna die?
Lls...
Well midgrade being an objective opinion, I'd say it starts at least at 40 or 50 bucks.
Some may say 2x that amt.
What a gorgeous day in Dallas!
Patio weather for sure.
OMFG Your professorle picture IS SO FREAKIN' CUTEE Q//A//Q You make the cutest characters ever dammitt ;A;
hope everything is cool with your little sprout.
Holy hell revenge is throwing a lot at me tonight
Appears that I merely have to mention the word followers to get a bunch of spammy autoreplies.
Jerks.
That link didn't work  and I'd love to see it!
from COFPI sayslowincome parents will be less likely to be able to time purchases to take adav.
of the tax holiday.
I considered it.
Mostly out of curiosity of what my jive walk pace is.
After standing next to and riding in the bus with for two years ima miss it
: Oh, you take an RV with you on a camping trip?
You big outdoorsman you.
or your ideal car
I wish though Long Wongs sounds good for a late breakfast afterwords.
Great wings.
Probably not Mom  Dads kinda place.
Thank you so much for such a sweet message!
Love you!
Goblin alert!!!!!
Had a wonderful time meeting with the Save the Maplenol Barn folks this morning  they have some neat photos and a rich history to preserve!
Good morning!
Enjoy loop 3 today...
even MORE songs from the 80's and 90's era!
: nkairplayradio.com
If life had a second edition, how I would correct the proofs.
My mentions doctor
Our professorssor doesn't even know the title of our project...this final paper should go great.
So true!
Admittedly, I've been spending way too much time in front of the computer lately.
A horrible job hazard, indeed.
Combat company xmas do vodka revs richmond!
Monday 12th dec.
02089405577 to put yourself down on guestlist!
I despise the way I look.
thanks!
Done!
All I'm gonna say is I think you will like QLab 3.
Congrats on filing your dissertation!
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
You can always tell when something/someone originated in Florida....
Can't imagine not being a student...days off, no homework  sounds too good to be true.
Chris Rene on the radio 3
ManCity!!
Amazing game
Yay, Panthers, but I still pause when I think about hockey in Florida
Most.
Not all.
That really gets at it.
Dukakis comparison is troubling.
Greening healthcare facilities provides better outcomes for patients!
I don't know.
I'd be concerned about that shirt  watch Weeden was wearing.
Shows a lack of vision  awareness.
: I'm such a creep when it comes to checking on my followers.
Hahaha.
noshame loveyouguys staygolden haha!
Wahoo!
Under closer scrutiny, this angels and demons movie is actually pretty silly
or leaves in the middle
Eww jst walked in on my parents :
where are you going?
Hangover brunch at 11am Meet some of the beards who traveled to Austin.
If you are what you eat, what are you right now?
I am a box of sunflower sprouts that taste like the most gorgeous chunk of earth!
I've already counted 3,782  wants to see bin ladens death certificate jokes.
RT In doctorams begin responsibilities.
W.
B.
Yeats
Many thanks and appreciation to all of our new followers!!
:
he did not suck!!!
I'm seriously craving sweets so badly right now!!!
:
.
Thanks for the headsup on flexslider!
flex.madebymufffin.com
Me too.
Have to after getting the business end of everyone's shit today after another fantastic loss to the Twins.
iMultitask: Watch episodes of my favorite serials on my iPad while cooking.
what the fuck are those bitches doing shoving Cookie into the cryers goalie
thank you!!!
RT : Shipments of Libyan oil are already arriving in the U.S, revealing the real reason behind the bombing of Libya.
/ Reference?
yesterday we turned in more than a 1000 voter Registration forms at the deadline for Registration for our primary
okay, so my kneejerk Loyola doctoram reaction is dying.
but you never know...
lets hang when you come!
spent all day watching disney movies..
Yeah, but itll be nice!
its a Tuesday night how ratchet can you be...I'm disappointed Ash
Watching DoTheRightThing...classic!
Even with Dirk's German roots, you don't think he could latch on to some German companies looking to make an impact here?
VW?
I think its funny that girls are fixing there makeup right before gym class
OK!
Getting ready to head out the door for another great training session at the dojo.
www.LAAikiKai.com
HAHAHA RT : This is not a joke: Just heared a rumor that Sandy Sheedy is exploring the idea of running for mayor
Sex sex sex sex sex sex boner boner boner boner.
Good now that I have your attention go follow
It would have been funnier if Hamels said he threw at Harper as an oldschool act while on his chiropractor's table.
Dude I'm straight roasted
It is indeed quite a thrill but not as thrilling as catching someone stealing your images.
nice smoking that cigarette smiley face
you and the frog.
3
I'm always sick in the morning
Back from Cuba!
Great trip but so nice to be home.
Why can't all that happen with BRUNO!!!
why??!!!
Will be at Tongue's tomorrow playing ukulele :
If you eat cereal for breakfast, be sure you watch the sugar content.
The majority of doctor cereals in the marketplace have added sugar.
20thingsaboutme 11.
im a random person.
i will talk out of nowhere and say the most randomest shit ever.
thats just how i am.
haha
Will Mitt reverse what he said, said to reverse what he earlier said, and so on?
9 more tweets
Picked some great prints at Handmade Arcade today.
I just wished that came out last week like that.
Never use the words sore lat muscle and say Cook needs a start.
I love bluegrass
Discussing the love triangles/squares/pentagons in books with your best friend
its not a couple weeks...its this friday!
And great another lesbo  lmao
Just kidding, that was awesome.
The real tragedy already occured when War Horse lost Best Sound Mixing.
ah he's learning and trying to impress.
Most of his instincts are spot on.
Surprised more people not at game!
RT Might'st easiliest harbour in?
Thou blessed thing!
Watching Little Fockers :
Watching Sunday Best!!
roll tide
Come  get your Easter outfit great deals today so come  shop with us!!
Do people in the UK actually buy that stuff?
I do read tarot for faraway poets!
On the telephone or Skype!
wow I was definitely just about to say like me then I saw your other tweet and I felt like a douche 
: Wow, Kobe has diarrhea and may not play tonight.
Oo you're shittin me
Well ive touched jon hamm in real life so that counts!RT : you already are.
Don't be humble.
Darn.
How about an allergy attack to said dogs and cats?
LOL
Not a dig tweet, but is there really something different between a tie ball game and a one run lead?
Perez is different guy.
You guys i have like the most importantest test of my life tomorrow at school its 1 am and i can't fall alseep :
Stepping into the cages for some hacks was like being dipped in the baptismal waters of summer.
Except now I've got blisters on me fingers.
some would say its in the public interest to know the extent of domestic violence in this community.
It doesn't discriminate.
Today is my last final!
I'm nervous and relieved.
If you want to see Avenue Q there are only tickets left for 5/6 and 5/13.
635PLAY
Your mother's memory lives on in you...
RT I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
Charles F.
Kettering
I'm dancin' and singin' in the rain!!
Congratulations on the sale of the YAs to Strange Chemistry!!
Puck beat the shit outta him please.
Greece is collapsing, the Iranians are getting aggressive, and Rome is in disarray.
Welcome back to 430 BC.
Hone your skills and own your bills
All Them Girls Can Get The D !
You are 17 years old, and you are telling a 12 year old that age is just a number.
can i get n baby
uses gmail for her booking, media and Beats contact info....
I ws expecting a booking agency would handle it..
You are too kind you Central Park Home Owner!
Love my New Yorker's and the spotlight to those with property on the WORLDS park!
Not cool.
I want it deleted and I want you to chill until otherwise advised.
Understood?
I have and we enjoyed it very much.
How is the NBA having all star weekend.
Not even two months into the season?
Come on man.
Tomorrow 3 Lin  Juice during NYKnicks vs Kings game Predoctor Day celebration!
Sad that girls nite out got postponed...
I'm hungry lol
gad dern it.
so many scans to edit, so many files to scans
that was my bad lol
Guten Morgen new followers Happy New Year!
Thanks for the FF!
LS: the only three black soldiers in the 55th Regiment during the Civil War were all connected to slavery at Monticello.
mcnair told us to always consolidate, and after a certain point it becomes harder to do so.
All i know.
Thanks for the follow!
Our mission is to make Milwaukee the healthiest city in the US.
Come along on the ride!
10handed hold 'em makes me cry.
i live on snow mountain...
in colorado, you know?
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
I already have a lil boy.
I wouldn't mind another lil boy, but I would love to have a lil gir.
that way I can have one of each.
GOOOOAAAAL.
That one was for Hossa.
Let's pile it on!
so excited to hang with you this week :p
Why did I just wake up to a harshly doctor throat?
I know I ain't you vampira
well when I'm not so tired I will
My last assignment in my college life will be done today
Young professorssionals honor doctorBradford C.
Berk as 'Established Leader Honoree' for his role in community health
plzz follow me
quit messing with me JoKing :
Listen 2 Christmas Remixed...might chg ur mind...
will hook u up!
RT : I hate me some remixes.
thx for following and spreading the word.
Anyone having a problem with a boss or landlord can call 720440CSOL
I wonder if I could work for Human Terrain.
yum, I wish it wasn't Tuesday.
That's what you get fer lying.
Lolol3 RT: said I am dead to her :', worst fake birthday ever :
Clams on the half shell and roller skate.....roller skate!
GOOD TIMES  CHIC
well trauma looks different to everyone  for me it was seeing my grandmother die, then my mother, then my back injury
Queen of the night
I think the last guy who doctornk coconut water and didn't die became captainin America.
Chooch in makeup waiting to begin
Lauren's here and we are going to eat pizza.
:3
Thanks for the great leads!
Look forward to meeting you soon.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from a picture that makes her look ugly
Ask Why did it take 3 games to get EJ Fields involved in the offense?
cool!
my fav is Incondicional!
ah love that one was the whole reason i even bought the cd ...and cuz it was only 8 bucks!
lmao!
Open invitation to the photography studio upper deck tonight to shoot the moonlemme know if ur coming
Theres millions of girls all shapes sizes and colors..
I kno this but really i only see one and the others its like whatever...
Love u achan
Watching the leaves fall from the trees.
What would you like to hear about on up coming shows?
Also, Mikey is about to start customizing Vinylmation again very soon!
Ideas?
Oh my god Becky look at her butt oakcisiakkwodidickcoapisidigicic
Changing lives before 10am RT : Enjoying the hell out of my 1st listen to Elton John's TUMBLEWEED CONNECTION.
Thanks to
BOSU challenges balance, coordination, strength and endurance.
Sign up and burn some mega calories!
Its official, I'm insomniatic.
With the first pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft the indianapolis colts select Scott Wright...?
We did have a wonderful time.
I would have been better if you'd been there.
3
Rubio on : I would make the forceful case to Gov.
Romney that ForeignAid actually gives us leverage..
throughout the world.
Follow us  RT to win: I want to win a room and VIP table Thursday for !
The pleasure is all ours!
: Thanks again for the spirits and basketball
RT : Kudos to the inventor of the straw
Monday's are so busy!!!
Not going to fourth block tomorrow..
Lil chicken ass nigga...dnt run...its just twitter
you secrete cool ;
Storm Team 8's Steve Jerve about to break in to local programming to update status of tornadowarning in Manatee County.
Joshua and Phillip You've Lost that Lovin' Feeling.
Chills
WRONG!
RT : The Miami Heat is Dwayne Wades Team NOT Lebrons
Oh you know just here being above average.
Want a free digital download of our album?
Invite friends to like our page and/or one of our upcoming events.
Comment to let us know.
Ariana is so adorable and gorgeous when she was a young girl
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get ur are to sleep
I can hire friends.
ROFL!
I can explain for you but I cant' understand for you funniest quote ever
HonestyNight i honestly think the innocent girls are the most boring and the people we call hoes have the most interesting stories....
One of my favorite expletives is Hijo de playa!
uknowufromchicago if you remember Jew Town or Fun Town!
I know:
oh and if anyone wants a follow back just ask :
RT : Facebook has 350mm mobile users.
RIP Greg Giraldo
That's great, I'm glad to hear things are going well back east.
Coachella should be a blast.
Mapping out the Zoo, La Jolla Beach and Cabrillo National Munument
go on wit yo bad self, Braveheart
You learn something new everyday.
Today I learned if you microwave a sponge for 20 minutes it catches fire.
Reading about the Mel Gibson Joe Eszterhas feud makes me miss the '90's
Words cannot explain right now.
Definitely gonna be one of those sleepless nighta
If you're that bitter and hateful, you must be unhappy with yourself!
Keep those jammers on and let the lanelines always divide you
old balls???
gee thanks jimmy!!!!
considerin me an danny are the same age!!!
haha!!!
YOU FAIL!
reppin vans swag all day!!
O...
I prefer muffins myself, but I do love when I find a donut shop with good blueberry donuts.
This came recommended!
:
spanish as in latina?
or European Spainard?
The U.S.
should have their own rugby league.
I would definitely watch that and I think a lot of other people would too.
Dont be, you never know :D
We provide food to families  food pantries because 1 in 6 families are hungry .
Bye MiMi lol she should beat Danni and/or Gabbii ass before she left !
Clinton Kelly shared his fashion sense with us today and I can't wait to show you how to wear our new line!
W.liasophia.com/lisak
I like to think of it as well trained lol.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
RT : as do I.
What happened to Hakuna Matata?
the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.
On the phone cookin dope, at the same damn time!!!
India has more honors kids, than America has kids
you are??
But no
Ho Ho Ho!
Merry Christmas is what Santa asked me.
I said Please bring the soldiers home for Christmas.
Why must the bad things feel so good
Memo to media and their advertisers: If you say your show is fair and balanced I won't watch.
I'm raising the standard.
I want accuracy.
Nice to meet you after an awesome show at Lupo's.
Oh, and remember, there is never a bad time for a burger!
Stay in your net Quick!
Cone on Kings!
Beat these desert digs
We're preparing to leave for doctorpalcon next week  will we see you there?
follow back?
I really wanna meet new people
Grill On The Way Yellow Gold On Dz Hoes
vomit crime scene
I'm downtown now.
I was thinking if heading to grab a bite to eat outdoors
I'm Twining :p I wish jk
If I met my mom when she was a teenager I'd probably convince her to never talk to my dad.
One of those is the rights answer.
Prefer 's What Bartleby Can Teach Us About Occupy Wall Street.
t.co/ncBDKBDK
Haven't you heard?
It's the new craze: going back in time to publish inefficiently.
:
Miss you too!
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page.
let's trade follows.
interested?
:
Thanks for the follow do you like country music and comedy?
Sounds like later last night...
definitely.
We have down in Lockbourne at a fire that happened earlier.
Happy to officially welcome as RAF members.
Decisions and thinking...
:
LOL...and I literally laughed out loud with that!
And my snappy retort?
As well you should.
lol Now...time to hit the shower
Smh I think it's cause I'm texting my bestie.
The things I do for her lmao
Dunwoody.
When presenting diff views, show readers where the bulk of scientific agreement lies.
Very big issue down the road.
RT : T2: IMO the other issue w/exchange is trusting correctness.
Panther Creek 3's Rowe Roofing
At the Audio Source Holiday party!
Ahh, aspirations...
RT I dun smoked myself stupid again..
Good fuckin weekend
Gotta love everything behance.
ActionMethod The stuff looks great.
and all these years I thought hotchado was a dance club
Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14yearold Hungarian immigrant.
Weekly racing is so different out there!
: Need to go on a California Sprint Car tour sometime...
: Codeigniter    Cake Php ....
What is best????...
Both have pros and cons but for me CodeIgniter wins
Trying to get to notice you is harder than it seems...
:/
lol...if the pussy good
Shout out the server at mcnellies for singing mmmbop but with only the word 'derp'.
Hahaha
Watching get mobbed by adoring patent lawyers.
RT : Just back from New Ideas award ceremony.
RGU winners announced now getting ready for the SIE national competition....
chompin at the bit to get down to Lil 5
Paula is getting your Thursday going today at her Yoga Flow class at 12pm on Miami Beach!
cant stop listening to turn to you missed our boy3
Staying hydoctorted and shooting hoops at HAX Athletic Club!!
Come join in the on the fun!
ain't nobody dumb deaf or blind.
C'mon work with me.
Why you ducking my requests?
I can't stand when people at the gym don't put up their weights when their done.
Nice doctorwings!
Thanks for following
Chill!
RT : oh um wow
YEP!!!!!
that's me!
: Libra could be more interested in not missing their fav TV Show than you
Meissner: need to remind researchers they are responsible for the search part of research saa10 s601
We are very excited to share Ramp It Up with San Diego!
Thanks for helping us get the word out!
RT : 'David Cameron' isn't an anagram of 'Moronic Dick'  but in a perfect world, it would be...
Changing my morning alarm from 11am to 8:25am is rough!
But i'm gettin stuff done tomorrow!
.
doesn't realize I'm an expert at ignoring things.
Why are there so many hipsters downtown today.
Is the zombie apocalypse coming?
:/
We're 4 that: : Sept.
2430 is National Take a Child Outside week.
Gather up the family and visit the Houston Arboretum.
it's awesome.
We fixed an roof for free today great feeling!
Item 1 of note from NY Times Magazine: IBM is oneletter shift from HAL

I'll follow her if you can publicize my page the same for more followers...oh nd make sure to follow me.
:

doctornk and gets a spinoff  book deal.
RT : And as always we've got Brew doctor Kombucha on taptoday's brews are Nutritonic and White Rose.
Salud!
Oscars TweetRoast guess I should have been more specific.
I meat the funny one
Moët slushees.
Yes fking please...
So, public art?
Watching Fergie sing with the black eyed peas..really sexy looking and such a great song...I've Got A Feeling,,,need to get up and dance!
Squad Tower Defense Bestonlinegame .
About to bake brownies for the hell of it.
what???: Yall know what they say about girls with zebra print sheets right?
Celebrity apprentice is good entertainment.
very sad indeed.
It's a national tragedy the rush to judgement by the media for news ratings is appalling.
I see Lotus Vintage is living it up this weekend!
how about this crazy weather?
good, bad ...
global warming?
funny until later xoxo
Paul McCartney is getting married at the same place he married Linda in 1969.
Is that disrespectful?
Word is very very odd, but I'm starting to get used to it.
EXCELENT!!!
And so are you!!
My computer is doing that thing where it periodically overheats.
It obviously doesn't like my bed.
: A GOOD RIM JOB BEFORE COACHELLA   pause
Knocking out blog posts like it's my job...come back friends, I've missed you!
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
Aging doesn't have to be an impediment to great work opportunities: Why Employers Value Older Workers via
aha mine either , just trying to finish my senior year.
The Falcon flies again!
Thanks and those pure nickel 12's from for the perfect combo.
Obviously owned the night!
for reals :
Big win for my Bobcats in the big dance.
Plus, a huge win for in the
Solider on probably the best song right now.
At the end of this culdesac
thanks to , I'm back at 100.
101 actually!
a tee giveaway is in order!
Teenagers are the most misunderstood creatures on the earth.
We get treated like childoctorn, but we're expected to act like adults.
Props to new video for boyfriend haha...swagy
...
Now following!
Have a blessed day!;
He ant Got No Tweets
Never discuss your weaknesses with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Another great afternoon at Audenried high.
FAFSA forms are not easy for kids to complete.
No one buy vans the man who made them put a star of David on the bottom of the shoe
Maloofs best PR play here is to simply embrace the obvious.
Not too many more bridges to burn at this point.
Next on the at 5:45, brings the best baseball insight on all the big topics around MLB.
Tune in some for some lady rockers on Heartbreakers: The Women of Rock
It's also really insensitive to dummies like me.
Can't wait to meet you and on March 31st:
Getting ready for the Fred Luddy morning keynote
oh, doesn't effect DNSSEC, so, a nonissue I suppose...
Anyone want to pay my taxes??
???
In hollywood meeting with the pastor of ecclesia
My boyfriend  I will be in NYC for the first time in Nov.
If you suggested one nice dinner where would you suggest?
Thanks :
Jackson Launches MarketGuard Stretch  MarketWatch
I need to see Demi when she comes to San Jose.
She has helped me so much.
I just need to.
Brilliant Photo Work!
Just had a productive meeting kicking off another interesting blog.
Postings in a few weeks!
Actually, the MST hearings focused almost entirely on female survivors.
Prosecution for ANY survivor's attacker is rare.
Make it 31!
But all I can sing is dance again.
I know loves it
fingers crossed!!
Me and my friends overstay our welcome at every restaurant we go to..
I would gladly pay 100 for legit BluRay versions of the Despecialized Star Wars trilogy.
Until then, though, 
outstanding; great to hear and good luck; thanks for the 'heads up'.
DD
Got an interview with Susan Page and a Modeling Scout sunday!!!!!!!!!
cant wait
Register before April 5th and get 20 discount on AxSTREAM Workshop Training in Copenhagen, Denmark just before Turbo Expo 2012!
Glad to see another new monster.
I'm working to get followers aswell.
how they let these niggas catch up?
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
Wen i listen to fire burns i go deep in thought about all my exs....
Where can I hear J  Ye Watch the Throne?
New release date?
I took a library management class, but it didn't cover what to do when an intern tells you off and storms out.
Wish it had.
When she says fuck that nigga ...
It's cuz he hurt her !
cough cough That is all:
Good Morning!
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
Marshall McLuhan
thanks girl!
yea the show kicked ass!
We werent meant to be one of them, but to live life.
Love and give!
Smokin on da loud so lame nigga be quite
Glad you could make it!
I'm hovering through Twitter ;
He ain't heavy, he's my brother DH
Respect my mind or respect my grind
Were you at the filming of the show?
It's not the Beach Boys reunion unless Uncle Jesse is there.
we need connect before the end of the week!
Nothing outside you can ever give you what you're looking for.
I wish peeps would stop calling our first gay president.
It's disrespectful to him and his family.
It's just about gardening time!
Check out our full line of mulches to prepare your soil today.
Wallace jones brown..Rams are trash.
Good luck!
We are talking about something similar, but along gender lines
yea Bro.
Your mixtape turned out great
Out of the abundance of the SpiritualHeart the mouth speaksA good person out of their good SpiritualHeart produces good
20k's.
Awesome.
I do always look forward to the postSuperbowl writeup.
Thanks!
Had a blast, fall seminar was lowkey and prefect for a newb, but I also learned a lot.
sla is def one to join!
Bears big.
Woke up and feeling miserable.
The glade plugin scent in the office I had a mtg in was so intense it made me dizzy and want to vom!
Sure, I'm just surprised to have the salesperson be so transparent about it.
Must be heavy girls night at BB kings tonight
Thanks for sharing David 
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down.
Wilson Mizner.
Georgetown librarian here, thanks for your talk today!
Very compelling and relevant.
I can't sleep.
and this is where it begins...
Just been excused for lunch.
At last, I can get some sun rather than just look out the window at it.
Love u welcome!!
if money is not an issue...
I have another whole list of favs.....
you doctorp philos??
He must have some brass ones, bc I would not be out gallavanting after 4 yrs became 20 RT I have definitely seen him arnd campus
Samiyam Sometimes  worth listening to, just saying.
aha
Josh is going Ham all over the O's right now.
vra2012 OMG  captainhas used us to crowd source translations of documents.
Sure, please share the news.
This week is all about NF for kids.
I'm doing a workshop for writers on finding stories.
And my 7th graders are writing NF picture books.
wow.
Nice work.
damn right.
Especially with my seats :
Graduation was awesome yesterday!
Sunset Strip Compound Available for TimeTraveling Villains  Open ...
BIG FAT CARNATIONS 1.00 EACH FOR VALINTINES DAY!
How about a shoutout to the fans of the multitalented !!
Keeping a sub 4 hr.
marathon streak going.
I Thank God for SelfEmployment!
;
The House is set to push through President Barack Obama's 825 billion economic stimulus package.
If you're in Toledo May 4th, the Toledo Symphony will be performing 2 of my string arrangements at West Gate Chapel
Agreed.
I liked the do she had when she was running for President.
It was much more flattering.
Yell mo like jwhitfield Atlanta Braves Turner Fieldi20
This doctorves me to order new parka sooner than anticipated: MT Coolest day  first time high hasn't hit 70 in DC since May 14
I'm working on the June calendars today.
Any requests??
switch to the U
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!
IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY!!!!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS YOU ARE THE FUNNIEST PERSON ON YOUTUBE!!!
WE LOVE YOU!!!
love you x
I get that people are pissed that Claiborne's Wonderlic score was leaked and rightfully so...it should remain private.
But he got a damn 4!
Iberian Ham Croquettes is one of the Tapas, m!
:
You're right.
As it is, streetlevel zoom can get fairly bad.
Just hate that's a playground for so many...things.
Never limit your view of life by any past experienceErnest Holmes
Badgers will play two night games this season: Sept 15 vs.
Utah State and Sept 29 at Nebraska.
No additional night games will be scheduled.
Security America Mortgage, Inc.
Set the VA Mortgage Industry Standards...
awww epicfail but cut me some slack.....I had not slept in 2 weeks and just finished a 17hr day....I owe u
so worth the wait!!!
good combo :
Thanks for the follow!
We will be posting on FB and tweeting new locations to purchase too!
Talk about weird....
There's a National Pancake Day?
Seriously?
lol
This is not the life for me lol I'm going to feel bad tomorrow...
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Yes; work never begun.
Christina Rossetti, Author
Sending all my goods off to Los Angeles, be safe possessions, God's speed
apparently there's a lot of stalking in here to.
If ya know what I mean.
Still in Tucson, and aisles to go before we sleep!
Rihanna is hella sexy
it seems bo has no idea what he's doing...
And Derek Fisher ahead of all.
RT : Ryan Braun is now trending on twitter.
Take that Dirk Nowitzki and Kevin Durant!
go Brewers!
Bergeron should win
With humility of mind regard one another as more important than yourselves.
Philippians 2:3
I'm interested in having an artist open at upj show april 20th.
can we talk?
Wait For Me 3
agreed.
One reason why I hate coming here.
If you're short  not here by 6, you're not seeing anything.
PRT : Internships in San Antonio PR, Event Planning  Social Media positions email if interested.
My fridayreads: Franco Moretti's Graphs Maps Trees.
Assuming I ever get off Twitter, that is.
Bloody Mary's and Texans Football.
This is how 2012 gets started at my house.
she gone have a fuckin orgasm
Guess what
Kelechi Osmele.
This guy is huge.
Ravens love big bodies at guard
Way to protect your Boys Jack!
Game on!
Excited to get started with RezEd RezEdConf and GLS today gls09.
A little breakfast on the Terrace is a good start to the day.
kraft is changing their name!
did the emperor bow to Obama?
haha we shall see!
If I have time dear
I did what I needed to do now I'm back about to snap on all yu clowns that looked down on me!!
There are so many great things about having kids.
Daylight savings is not one of them.
Editing my demo reel.
Then more work on my Charity/Documentary.
Things are going pretty great
Very much so!
Thank you :
How can you help me with my promotions?
I need someone who can help.
ya followed :
Best.
Video.
Ever.
When I'm having a bad day and don't have the moto to work out, I watch it.
It leads to PR's every time.
I think Mercedes came up with it first.
So, we have that...
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there
Lmao RT Some people have an inflated view of their importance in my life.
Who's going to GKTour ?
I'm hoping to be at the Philly show and really stoked about it
WHAT'S YOUR MOST FAVORITEST FOOD EVER besides subway?
: AskAustin 
Don't forget to take advantage of our au natural FREEFRIDAY special today!
1 item cleaned 4 free if u sport the no makeup look like Clinton
tomorrows my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me!
; 333
So excited to finally have a copy of the magazine in hand.
Why isn't the media reporting the truth about KONY?
Psychotic reaction?
The naked guy was merely doing an advanced level CrossFit WOD.
awe I can't do these on the spot poems lol
it's nothing special that new Doritos taco thing I love though
The moment during the AllStar game where Kane turned into SuperKane!!
Dominating the breakaway challenge.
I'm sorry yo, but my life can't wait for nobody.
It's all about me.
now you understand my concern when I find them used in my trash and I know I didn't use them lol
and all the heavens rejoiced!!!
it's a magical moment when allows you in his innermost circle!!!
rockin' to some hugh laurie in tzone.
And how about stayathome Dads?
I'm learning how to doctorve a 4x4 in the snow.
Trying to find a day to go to Cliffs Insane Terrain with a Jeep group I joined.
I'm childish at times.
I want a turtle shell back pack at 23.
Nobody likes you when you're 23 anyways so fugg it.
send me some beats.
whats that sushi place there!?
I went there but I forget the name helpmeout!
please
RT : Jon Mclaughlon is perfroming tonight and white Roberts after.
you're in MIA, you shouldn't be jealous!
:p
my lips are sealed.
Don't keep holding on to something you've already let go of
Congrats!
That's the day it all felt real for me too.
It's a fun time.
:
If i was your boyfriend , i never let's you go 
thanks for the follow
i'm glad you will, and I hope you like it.
The first 9 parts are online as of this moment,
Cake sounds good right now.
Your wife is very smart and she has excellent taste!
Ivoire Royale is in our cookbook, Extraordinary Cakes, that launches 10/4
GAME DAY!
So excited to be with my parents, wife, PC, Super Syd, and great friends!
LMJ DT DAT lezzgo
yes, it was amazing for sure!
...then headed for Louisville on the 5th for the JEN network convention!
If you need to sell your house quickly please let us know.
Sang Mahler 2 on Saturday night, came home to a bunch more Mahler on Ah....
:
From the looks of what you do, I know Trigger would be proud!
Thx for helping us share the word!
Watching Martin one of the best shows ever
Interesting.
I use a Vario exclusively for doctorp and would love to get hold of a set of these.
Thanks, but not this time.
Quick trip to N.
Indiana to see the fam  W.
Lafayette for my little bro's graduation from Purdue:
Mouthwatering Beef Brisket Sliders to start the BIN tasting on Thursday at Carillon Pt.
Join us as taster by applying at www.TasteTweet.com
.
we can start the save charity.
tomcat can be a real pain in the ass sometimes
Buccaneers mock at No.
5: Morris Claiborne or Trent Richardson or Luke Kuechly.
Brilliant logo.
Party Down for lyfe.
One of these is going to go in.
Seriously.
Sicker than your average!!!
followed you, please follow back??
;
it's fun:
Take Me As iAm ,
Well I'm going to bed.
Night
Thanks a million to and for buying a table again at the Bard Breakfast!
Would not have been the same without you!
so i finally watched scandal last night.
loved it
Writing a song.
So far so good :
ACT had a net professort of 30M as a 'nonprofessort' in latest posting I could find.
tonight I will be heading to Madison Square Garden for the first time ever to watch my alma mater battle it out for the NIT Championship.
Lucky You starting at 9pm tonight!
will u do the all star show if asked?
I read my horoscope and his 3.
Appreciate the follow TeamDazzy!

they'll be doing an inshore in Hollywood on October 20th too!
sorry, no one ever calls me!
I'm amazed at how some geeks became famous and are seen as an authority on a subject because they are trolls..
SMH Don't feed them!
thanks for the recommendation.
Just started follow
All these fine shows at this Summer.
I'm into it.
I feel like listening to City and Colour while doing my homework
If only I could be Selena Gomez for one day and have her life,and all of her beauty:
Craving Quang tonight.
Vietnamese Iced Coffee sounds amazing right about now....
The Black Keys  Never Gonna Give You Up
Are you doing an Ignite talk?
Twitter thinks you are similar to me.
You have my utmost sympathy.
On a different note, I am happy to have the rain fall we have had here in Lubbock, TX over the last two days.
It is a welcome sight becaus
so so true!
RT: Dear radio land, rumor has it there's other music than just that Katy Perry / Kanye song.
Independent research shows writers on a deadline will eat almost anything.
get some sleep tonight bihh.
LOVE YOU
i hate the auto correct i turned it off finally like last week try it it works :
Twitter Presence Need a Boost???
Check out
Brandon!!
Y u no follow me?!
: Haha I miss you.
And I'll bet that's what you want, too.
Duets sounds like it's going to be a good show!
Hope it is!
Well, I guess you could keep it to hide the chins.
Love the cool swag from demo2012 !
Random flashback: at the tone, the time will be...
Video Stroboscopy of the Vocal Cords
Next stock options Trade Of The Month released next Thursday.
We are on a hot streak!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
you still owe me 5 from 4 years ago lmaooo
does that include no 5hr energy?
lol uh nope.
Get ta C 2 my baby; in 2 mnths!
UGH!
wish it was
Here's my philosophy I'm going to blow my own horn, if not some one will blow me away.
She didn't even tweet back.......Damn!!!
Thanks for the follow !
thanks for the tip :
funny thing that everyone cares about if he will lose THIS job at the end of season
Me: Please run at least 2 consecutive miles like you have a couple times a week for 4 weeks now.
My body: Awww heull no!
P90X  AbRipperX and shoulders and arms workout makes for a productive Friday evening.
good morning beautiful 
...most of the aforementioned baked goods available in gluten free versions...hello folks the kids have roses in their cheeks ..NUTRITION
Yahoo Sports has Matt Kalil as Cleveland's projected pick.
That made me laugh.
Good morning babies
I gotta get bck 2 it!
this is a crowd that has a large portion of vendors, not problematic...
for me, its that it is pandering to fear.
ick.
Mutt FTW One more time!!!!!
Marco Torres described an expresso maker who learned to make latte art from YouTube videos.
We can learn almost anything on YouTube.
I've hit the twitter following limit...
again.
Happy GBD, Oxford.
Glad I'm not there for the chaos.
very clever Nick!
haha
single pointed focus
im so desperate for harry styles 3 lmfao
The more you read, the smarter you become.
And I love books because you learn a lesson in some stories.
Rowen Elem 3rd grader
Get around to tasting Vuina plavac and Babica yet?
tired from doctoraming?
:
social innovation and browsing websites that allow you to shop, etc.
But does everyone care?
haha
not at all.
We all must live our lives every now  then
spent six hours editing raw 96k sfx files into selects.
brain is numb.
library is more organized.
In the works: Foursquare badge  swarm!
MeetGreet  Catalina Wine Mixer, anyone?
Step Brothers?
Huff 'N Doback?
Is this thing on?
don't worry little brother cause im coming for the rescue when that timecard punches out.
And we will yizz on Fridays face.
hey, i gtg, i will ttyl!
bye
Thank you for following me, and for the good you share.
Ron Paul's numbers are way up.
The momentum is clearly in the direction of liberty.
Bad match up for Scott, but he'll get all the work, wouldn't be surprised to see him catch a TD pass
Thanks!
Both me and were attending.
Great article on learning transfer.
Are you exhibiting ?
Prince Harry spotted indulging in beer and burgers at McPs Irish Pub in Coronado and hanging out at the Ivy Rooftop club in the Gaslamp.
Turquoise ties are pretty snazzy.
Calm the fuck down Indiana
Yes.
72 here too AND it's Milwaukee Day, which is basically an excuse for us Milwaukeeans to party.
As if we need one.
what a chance for the Rangers there
I knew Michael Jackson was murdered from the beginning.
It was just a matter of time before the rest comes out.
Somebody ordered the hit....
Mobile Games/ App Developer requires RPG Producer Canada
Give the gift of Health and Fitness to your love ones...
Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and ask about our Gift Certificates
Thxs!
RT : Deference to Ed K  Memphis, best ribs are at Twin Anchors in Chicago www.twinanchors.com  they have lots of Sinatra
OMG  where are you going?
: You're very welcome!
One week until I leave for Boston to start work as a research fellow at the Center for Connected Health!
Getting the broccoli and EAS protein shake in the system before I try my hardest to go to sleep since I open at 5am.
Wish me luck!
Mirrors cant talk.
And lucky enough for you, they cant laugh
Thank you  for the RT's re: our anniversary!
Thx for the follow !
Our Beautiful German Good Luck Charm!
Looks like our good friend Craig Servin is incall him!
id cap that?
is that the womens version of saying she wants to be humped?...weird!
Yes.
Yes you can.
Go!
Hummingbirds are back.
Good thing there was food out in anticipation.
We're going to live on.
We're going to survive.
Today, we celebrate our Free Comic Book Day.
I hate when niggas whole butt be hangin out!
A 2009 survey conducted by PPAI Research found that 3 out of 4 consumers reported having at least 1 promotional product in their workspace.
I can't decide whether to play a new game or replay one of my favourites.
Thoughts?
Wise words : When a guy calls a woman a feminazi, it would be funny for her to work him to death then cook him in an oven.
aw thanks!!
: FF Also follow She is going to make it big in Hollywood
You put me in your fan book.
I'll put you in mine.
33
What does it take to become an astronaut?
Paul takes a crash course at the NASA Ames Research Center, this Saturday at 6:00pm.
Okay it's sad when you keep smelling your own wrist because you're in love with your perfume!!!
wonders why Gmail isn't loading.
Forward thinking.
Positive thinking.
say this after hearing a norwegian say we about his legal system..
can't remember the last time i said we about anything USA
Are you Real?
haha.
Let me fly With you LOL
Coffee tables!
Slat benches!
Other things!
See what's new this week: www.midcenturymobler.com
What a great night it's going to be.
Will u be there?
You are into the areas I like too, Keep up the good work Canada
Conner High School, take care of business and keep NKY in the running to send teams in 1A,2A,4A,5A and 6A to State Finals!
Search contemptible RT : Anyone know where I can find tweets about the White House Correspondents Dinner?
When was the last time you rode on the Cyclone?
: We must all unite and support the cause of Liberty and do away with Partisan Politics!
BWI wheels up headed to Fort Lauderdale
Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self
i am sure they will be all the interwebs tomorrow.
I got that swag and it's pumpin' put my ovaries.
If you are too busy eating at our restaurant tonight and miss Check, Please!
Fear NOT!
Encore: Saturday 4:30pm and Sunday at noon..

RUT Hockey wants to know how skiing is going today?
thanks for updates on
FYI..
Urban Market in the union has spinach stuffed tomatoes for lunch today.
They are great!
Check them out at the !
You can't find the right answer if you ask the wrong questions.
Sitting here listening to his music is Dope!
Gosh, thank you all for joining me here on this Facebook page!
I am so grateful and honored to you for doing so!
it's friday i'm so happy a !
was not worthy to end that sentence.
Girl, I ALWAYS need a posse.
Rock on.
Join Karen at Warwick's for a Tea  Cake Book Signing on October 25th at 4:30pm for a chance to get a signed copy of Extraordinary Cakes!

so great!
Instagram success impossible without harnessing power of the
Possible power outages in West Chester PA...and Irene hasn't fully hit us yet, Sigh!
Beach here in Virginia .
lol i got the serpents shadow book today!!
You should read it!!
These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I could say My chick on the side said she got one on the way,.
who called u a bitch grabs shotgun:O
thanks for checking out our music, it really means a lot.
follow us!
great testimony today on death sentences automatic appeals
dontever question my love for
I cannot wait to get this fro cut off ...
Fucking awful!
Thanks for the RT!
:
The Big Bang Theory is on.
Trending: Why we39;re cool for cats
dhtrial standing for jury..
judge in place
attn....producers n engineers..i need some tracks fa dis album...if interested send tracks to nemv2010!!
kidding but not
About to hit up the mall in a few
She is gorgeous!!
Is she Ukrainian too??
lol
Another glorious performance.
2 more chances next weekend to hear SIRENE.
Why do boys have to get old ?
My services are your for free.
Off work for two weeks now one with kids and one on my own Happy Days!!!!!
:
I'm good...thinkin bout you
lol obviously not hard enough it's damn near 4AM
Starting to feel better about this game.
now Jennings and Finley need to get me some fantasy points!
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.
It just depends on how you treat her.
Let's go doctorke university.
Thanks for the Mention, Elaine!
My Wutang name is professorund Bandit!!
Ah haha
Hey !
Check out GREAT to follow!
Trip to Costa Rica booked!
LOVE U!!!
: Please follow and I?
We would be extremely happy!
Thanks :
doctorse is nothing but sex sex sex sex sex sex sex lol
Not sure yet what type of bird.
Was wondering if it escaped from the Zoo.
Can't imagine someone having a pet that big.
where are ya?
defo?
way to tempted to go out tonight in my sports bra and hoodie
lol Thnx: I love my icon!!!
I'll be there with Look forward to connecting!
perhaps something with you?
I hope you're right but the US part sounds totally absurd.
Thanks!
Beautiful day to work off some of the food I inhaled.
Way to make that 9th inning nerve racking guys!!!
Great save !!!
TTYLXOX is so awesome!
it's stuck in my head :p 
who are you kidding ???
I'm not feeling good for some reason
I like this ZPL that you speak of.
Perhaps I'll have to give it a try...
A woman goes after the wealthiest man she can attract.
A man goes after the hottest woman he can afford.
or if minority prostitute
anyone wanna go to hookah tonight?
aww ur so sweet.
Thank u :...
Ima give u a shout out for that.
Lol

When  get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!they r snuck me man smh
can you trust that?
Give them hell, from lobo fan
Can we expect a full blog review of the album and show after Thursday night?
Its KickButtsDay!
A day for us to join youth to stand out  speakup against Tobacco.
Follow as we celebrate
smh nasty bitches these days!!
What happened to classy one's, like us?
but you have good form.
Yep, Poke replaces a Horn...see ya!//RT : Sorry Colt McCoy, your team just made a statement.
Reading Don't Put me in Coach by former OSU bballer Mark Titus.
He refers to UW players at the buzzcuts  hey it's pretty accurate
My last RT.
XD So true.
That book is just plain NAASSTAAYY.
0.0 I remember when was reading it on z100.
Awks?
Why you rushing me baby?
Its only us all alone.
The Voice: Tony Lucca Gives a Creative Comeback to Christina Aguilera's Diss  E!
Online
I went skydiving in InterlakenOst in Jan.
of 2009.
Pretty cold!!
Absolutely gorgeous though.
yes, tm sounds good!
Cya there!
ThMorUKnow: The book of REVELATION is NOT what you might think it is.
And he was funny.
doctornks with Charlotte, , and Samantha...
Then at the Comedy Cellar!
r u the real zack ryder?
we're going to miss you quis!
U just may be seeing me in the next few days for a delicious burger.
Havin a good time with the fam my phone is died tho :
THANKS for the RTs.
I love that quote too.
Is suggesting me to follow people who are 'similar to'?
If so, why are they listing a buncha people I already follow?!
start of a week by myself lol
Just finished setting up Gigabit network using Netgear GS108 at home for multimedia.
Got Zotac MAG as second HD front end...LOUD FAN!
Tragic indeed.
Particularly when so much happening today is rooted in past activities.
Awesome!
Happy Birthday Laura!
Do you read fiction or nonfiction?
Sometimes I just wanna sit in my room that's not really my room anymore and cry.
This porcelein heart is slowly cracking apart 3
Thank you for the support!!
RT For all my lady football fans.
Check out Worked w/ them last year, gr8 event...
I need an Adult to buy me an Acholic doctornk
Feature Films Coming Soon
Thank you sir!
and thank you for your continued support!
Fans who have purchased tickets for cancelled games will be offered full refunds.
For more info call 877LOCO.
yeno.
i need to sleep.
its only 20 minutes till auz10's bday but im dying
in my dms lol RT : Chill what?
RT : david gotta chill man
wove you too;
Thank you good brother!
Remind your chapter brothers and whoever else to do the same.
I appreciate your support!
Most of my evening will be spent thanking everyone on FB for wishing me a happy birthday
I had fun yesterday talking to my best friends Kai and Erica: Hey Guys Jerry :3
The Curse of .500
Shelina's your time is up bitch
Love the Packers first three picks.
Answer the three biggest problems from last year...
Not so hot on the other ones
IN Quotes: Feel the Fear and do it anyway.
how did I know this would happen....
again..
LOHANTHONYtwerk omg that would be amazing
Retweet if u get lazy at work sometimes lol
Thanks for the follow!
Does he need support on his personal views?
There was nothing said in his comments that made anything policy or law
we will add him...
and his two tweets : Thanks!!
o man come here '  put some lovin in maa ovenin...
Until one hour ago, Prisoner of Azkaban was my favorite Harry Potter film...
not anymore!
my life is full of joy coz i got God on my side!!
i wouldnt be anywhere without Jesus...
follow me
def the coolest swolest dude on jersey shore!
u just show me where to sign!!
hey Matt : you around?
i want to refer you for a potential project.
will u pls email me mayraruizmcpherson.com thx!!
bring me food
dont call me no more
i dont knw how to do da booking email my ceo ll do dat just wanna heads up on a verse r hook info get at me we was at mosiac
Half way through humpday!
Time for that afternoon 1 doctornk.
;
RT : WIN 2 nights in Vegas at The Platinum Hotel!
To enter, click on the link below or the Win 2 Nights tab on the left....
Why is Allen Stone and his band up here killin so hard!!!!
Lmao RT Yes im ashamed smh RT You should be ashamed of yourself if you're a black woman with no ass.
congratulations!
if this is the sign of a trend for you, maybe you'll get your nose pierced at 50 eh?
; hope it didn't hurt much!
Have neither seen the Avengers nor captainin America.
If I had a dog, it would look like the dog Obama ate.
my phone died : sorry defreeuw
or just order it online its free shipping anywhere in the UK and other places I think.
It is going to be a hot one out there..
Midday swim?
12pm  USC, 12pm , or 11:30 am  Pali pool..
.....taylor issues.
Killed it says the black republican, I.
Don't live down to expectations.
Go out there and do something remarkable.
Wendy Wasserstein
If you follow me...how about following ?
PISSED THE FUKK OFF!
N KILL A BALD BITCH MODE AND THE SWITCH CAN ONLY B MOVED INTERNALLY!
I think the entire city is thinking the same thing
dear dad I wish I would have known u cause it's much easier to play catch with 2 people I grew up playing..
more like THROW.
Thanks!
It's got a little ways to go, but I'm happy  beginning to shop it around.
And congrats again on the gig...where is it?
Bruno looked solid tonight.
...under King George I to then set our gov't up to be ran the same?
Totally illogical!
Indeed, that is the two edged..
you come to KC when I'm no longer there!!
My life exists inside inDesign, Photoshop, OpenOffice, and late night meetings.
can you compare and contrasts the powers of the house of reps.
and the senate.
S/o to mister Hamlin my ap gov't teacher
Same here.
I'm looking forward to the contrast.
RT RT : The Yes Men are on Radio Times on right now!
Tune in if you can and see them tonight at the firstperson Fest

Good morning!!!
I'm ready for the weekend.
thanks a lot sist :
German Chocolate cake is the cake of choice of customers this week.
What a great pick for a delicious pre Thanksgiving week indulgence!
Happy Bday to DP, The cocktail party was crazy so I know the Club is going to Stupid
We will enjoy playing spoiler on the last few days in Feb 2013.
work work work here.
off to the market back in a few.
NO!
if i have to go to germany i'm gonna cry my eyes out.
i'm not going.
Thank you for the follow!
ALREADY SEEN THE SHOW?
WANT 2 SEE IT AGAIN 2nite ?
Ticket stub from ANY prior PERFORMANCE gets Free Standby tix!
Lottery Rules apply
that just shows that he doesn't know jack about gymanstics
Hanging at brew and grow
How To Stop Acting  How To Be A Working Actor Are Two Very Good Books To Read.
About To Start Reading Audition
It's better to find someone who will change your life, rather than just your relationship status.
right?!
its not fair.
:T
When you get the chance  check us out!
RT : Bunnies love to go 4 walks on a lead.
Make sure u use a harness rather than a collar, and keep vaccinations up to date ht ...
nationalbeerday so come spend it with us today and tonight!
m Oatmeal Porter!!
Still have all of our Bourbnbeers !!
They shouldn't be aloud to play this sad animal commercial!
ExBuckeye Will Smith is barred for four games by the NFL for his role in the Saints' bounty scandal.
ready to get threw with homework fa real doe...
Haha somebody mad
The secret to social media is being social.
The winners for professortio Doorways and Passages have been selected and will be announced tomorrow.
Be sure to check your email!
it's one thing to speculate about motivations quite another to do so without considering Alts  being clear your speculating
When you release Urbanized next year we'd like to do a showing to our members  would you consider being a guest speaker?
Coping with mental stress may be harder on a woman's heart than a man's, new research shows.
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!!
it was such a great experience.
Our first time, we will definitely come back!

hahaa , in the car you'll be arriving in .
CBS wins tame Tuesday: Ratings mostly soft overall; ABC's 'Practice' hot at 10  Chicago Tribune
I think Iowa State might actually be a tougher game for UK then UCONN would be.
ISU will beat UCONN as well.
I will definitely purchase your ticket if you haven't already committed /sold it.
But of course!
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya.
hey fuck you!
I actually had a student use the my dog ate my homework excuse.
you know somewhere I can get a nice decent t mobile phone?
It's official.
Just The Ticket is sold out.
Believe it or not, we even have a waiting list!
Was told by random lady at LaGuardia Airport after giving her my name that I look like a Tyler...
Positive or negative?
cool what kind of phone is it?
Im at the movies seeing the hunger games!
:
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
There were lots of proms over the weekend , which means there will be lots of babies 9 months from now.
Hells, yeah!
Nothing brings people together like doctornken spending.
NOOSE in the NEWS!!
Can u believe this?
MG, read this  more  julieforjobs.blogspot.com/  go to minorityjobs.net for free resume!
don't have tix yet.
portland is awesome as usual.
Weather is amazing.
Just trying to kill my self after all this lockout and ducks shit
wat u up too boo
Wrapping up a great  informative Alliance for Retired Americans Regional Conference Thx 2 all for the knowledge and family.
I'll never understand y we idolize others.
9 x's outa 10 theyre way more fuckd up than you are.
No human is perfect oh and Happy Easter!
Ha!
It doesn't matter what time of day it is, the 27 bus is always packed.
Where are these empty buses people are always complaining about?
Rain streak in Chicago today awesome
don't the snakes eat the rats?
You are a stellar writer.
I am sure you know that, but I hope it's still nice to hear.
I saw that in SkyMall.
fuck it I cant slide right now
GET IT KINGS!
Being defeated is often a temporary condition.
Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Marilyn vos Savant
The most tragic thing in the world: students who cross out the right answer and put a wrong one.
Like, Sophocles tragic.
: Jonah Goldberg's history of claiming nonexistent...
RT : Anyone interested in talking Small Biz?
Join us May 11 from 121pm to talk
Once more into the fray...
The Grey stellar performances  directing.
If u haven't seen it there is still time!
GO!
ok if it's in the am I can get a ride to skool too?
You can!
PackABagGo!
That's great!
You should look into the Holocaust Certificate Program at UTDallas or check out websites of the museums
Such a nice surprise to make new friends with the nearby neighbors you should've been friends with all these years.
How can u honestly say that you love some one when deep down on the inside you have not fully found yourself and your running on empty.
Good on you.
Books?
Beer?
Etc?
Heh.
47 left tool a big hit at end I come back tomorrow with a little more than half average.
Thanks for the retweet.
It's much appreciated.
Just learned another meaning for the word schwag.
Not gonna news that one any time...ever.
Hi there, wanted to submit a comment on a recent article, but having trouble logging in.
Help?
Love watching part of a John Wayne movie on lunch break
But I am who I am now.
And I wont fight nor force myself on anyone ever again.
Its easier to move with the wind then against the wind
Happy Mothers Day!
Because ALL MOMS ROCK!
The Cook's Illustrated Cookbook is pretty fantastic.
I need you so much closer.
Anybody got that Zip  A Double Cup!!
I would freestyle to that for DAYS
Hello Antoinetta A...
Im thinking the Bosque Del Apache would be very cool to see.
finally famous may b one of the most solid albums of the year
I walked!
There aren't as many conflicts in the nonbinary universe
I'm hung up on SP prework being the first contact with the program.
You need to give enough info to hook them, but not info dump
My LRPD are abslutely pro tward Occupy.
I support my PD.
But I stand w those of Denvr, Oaklnd, NY, who deal w unneeded brutality
So much makeup and makeup and more makeup!
And food..
I guess
talking about you at ccid2012 : way to rock the world!
Well i think 5, 6, 7 were car bombs 8 is a Guinness
Yes I do, I am actually getting ready for school right now
don't worry girl!
I am taking a quiz on the computer.
i hate unfriending people but i got to do the right thing :
Pay it forward.
You never know the impact you will make on others.
I'm still waiting on the material you were going to send me so I can begin my mixtape  Warren G part 2
Oh, yes.
Haven't you heard?!
ur welcome sexy, did u see my new avi pic?
Dont tell me the skys the limit when there are footprints on the moon
Mary Kay Place, Bill Paxton, Larry David were the 3 I recognized.
So maybe TV Stars.
Although Twister was a movie, yes?
great.
first question: what if you start with no library of materials on training peer tutors?
How do u get ur riend to talk to her exfriend when she wont even listen to wat he has to say HELP ME im stuck in the middle of all of this!
at the head shop, eh?
dave's not here, man.
If you don't miss them when they're gone, you don't really love them.
Cops are so dumb
As you're going into the weekend, please don't forget to take a little time this Sunday to reflect on the 10th Anniversary of 9/11.
Take advantage of our 24 months FINANCING!!!
That's why I love free will lol: Lmao these folks don't want me to do it dawg.
I might offend some folks.
i will!
If u stay up late u should remind him:p lol goodnightt 33 : i 3 u dave !
Even tho u wont see this ahahahaha
LOL!
How true is that?!
look forward to seeing you at WhatsNextDC today!!
If you aren't being swarmed by fans I'd love to catch up!
Thanks for your retweet and thank you for your donation to the National MS Society.
It warms my heart!
fun day in the sun at the lake but im still whiter than white
Website Builder Debuts for Businesses to Easily Create professorssional Websites  MarketWatch
The Railways  The Viper Room TONIGHT at 9pm sharp!.....my new band!
Also...follow us on
Nothing like free ChickFilA on your birthday.
3333
Becoming a father isn't difficult, But it's very difficult to be a father.
I really appreciate your good words and thanks for following.
Fingerprints are divided into: Loops, Arches, and Whorls.
Arches being the least common.
So which pattern do you have?
If you have not see our new products, MAKE SURE to visit the website and catch up with our blog!
Looking forward to the Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony tonight at 6:30 p.m.
Come join us start the 2011 off right!
Ha so true!
I'm not a Republican Nor a Democrat I do not Support Same Sex Marriages But support Civil Liberties Soon you'll be marrying Dogs!
I love microspatulas!
What is it about their amazingness that so appeals to us archivists?
THAT WAS WHEN WE LOST AND I WAS SAYING RUN THAT BY ME AGAIN IN MY MAVS ANNOUNCER VOICE SORRY NOT YELLING AT WORK SO ALL CAPS
Have never been big on expanded replay for baseball.
Rapuano changed my mind in one inning.
I describe what slavery looks like in DC RT : What do you tell people when they say slavery doesnt exist in world today?
I'll be at Aberdeen Mall, 13 on Sat, Seafair Mall 13 on Sun, and Blundell Mall 13 on Monday.
Come by  say hello
follow me please MB IlOvE YoU
uh oh cutieontheloose : watching never say never directors cut RIGHT NOW!!!
My God has done it again
Seriously, John Lyly?
I thought I was going to see Alexander the Great falling in love in Campaspe.
Instead he gives her to a painter?
RE:I know u out and about looking good turning the party out
are you ready for Tax Season?
how I used 2 cook u breakfasts on Sunday mornings n we would chill n shhh lol I miss those days
MT : SM can change institutions internally but not mission.
Cohesiveness/teamwork is great but when not forced.
Hi how are you?
I'll be at the game today
Music Madness is HERE!
Come on in to shoot a basket for your discount!
doing it from da bench!!!
I've got some experience in haptics or I can try to point you in the right direction.
DM me.
I swear me and take the best frigging naps ever!!
Cerulean by is so good.
The whole album is amazing.
I have listened to it all the way through almost once a day for weeks.
.
Uniform formatting/plain language vs.
individual attribution for changes are very different goals
Reports have it sounded like Minnie Ripperton  misterGoldfinger Presents!
w/  Greg Hutch
These customers this morning man...
lol a bad gay?
Not even your a good gay :3
I haven't heard a legit reason yet why people dislike Clark Kellogg so much.
It is close, considering I'm trying to do other things between here and there, and also, time is limited, and it goes by fast.
Haha I'm sorry but I couldn't handle it.
And on top of that mentally handicapped people scare me a little bit.
hahaha me sowwy!!!
I love you
SDCCD7 concern for sure!
I want summer to come.
I have the urge to build a giant sand castle.right.Mow.
: If you're doing your best, eventually you'll become best.
gitomer success business
I miss Travis and Danny so much.
Funnily enough Glen Matlock stars in the Feature Film 'THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG' please keep your eye out for its release!!
follow me back :P
Amen!
RT : TGIFbeen a week!
FF to the survivors!!
Um, doctornks?
yea because Mexicans can dance so much better haha.
thank you for the doggy bag!
yes it does :/
Great night as always with my man 
We get mad over stupid things..
Actually , It Just Me
When are you looking to move to DC?
The Society is pleased to sponsor this important panel discussion, in the midst of a review of the College's curriculum needs.
Oct 27, 4 pm!
audio recording class!
Follow me friends
Awesome!
Works great!
Would you be interested in speaking at an International Filipino Summit for my organization ?
so nice of you to follow us
wow.
did they give your phone back without a fight?
TONIGHT!
at The 8x10 featuring original music and a Little Richard Tribute!
Do not want to miss this show!
Stigma fuels HIV.
The BeStigmaFree campaign is starting today!
www.bestigmafree.org
When you look at our programme for the next few weeks, you do not fancy a trip to the Oktoberfest.
Oliver Kahn
Girls y'all got help from a former cowboy LOL
Big Bill likes to think of his tweets as just the noise associated with greatness.
When I'm frustrated in my creative work, it's usually because I've overlooked/omitted/neglected something very simple.
asdfghgf you reply so late haha
Cody i can't wait till the Waiting4UTour!!
Its going to be so Amazing!
:
Looking for a part time designer intern.
New media/web exp.
preferred.
eric.pricewalkerart.org
Well deserved!
Does that mean we won't see you at all 5/45/6 though?
I've heard there was this thing called real life something I'm aspiring to, one day.
I don't think anyone here uses Twitter!
love you.
Enough said.
Mar 1st ill b in Tucson rockin w Mar 2nd me n will be in flagstaff rocking w both all ages shows
thanks Cuzzo we all out here on that O.T.O.M.S.
alute!
Have you ever had a bagel from big apple bagels??
I'm in desperate need.
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT yesterday.
and I are attending PaxEast to see Should be fun!
make sure u let them know all about your girl turning straight butch.
lmao we meant are u joining in?
i'm feel so much better now
the track is sounding great!
Sorry haven't had time to send it yet but wanted to let you know!
:D www.maurajensen.com
Online Sale Ends Today for  Until Black October Ends E.P only 4 Until Midnight 2/20/12 CST..
So many Cozy shows / portraits / projects happening all of a sudden!
Chicago..I'm coming home :
I mean,I guess I'd be psychotic if I were that insecure too...
I did text you back!
You didn't get it?
Hold up.
Duh because it is a great song DD
hahaa you mad bro?
That odd moment when you think you see somebody you know and you say hi do you remember me and it's not the person who you think it is lol!
thanks doll!
;
How come not a single porn star that I follow on twitter has taken me up on my very generous offer to be a shoulder they can cry on?
thanks!
Of course it took me a few minutes to figure out how to reply on this thing, I feel
I hate Buffalo lol
How about something more like Young Novices meet Well Experienced Veterans in 76ers/ Celtics game tonight.
I really cannot fathom the idea of working in retail tonight.
Follow me on instagram  
Might stay with him, though I guess I would need to talk to him first.
Also depends on .
Wow.
Did not realize that.
Girl has screen name baconlovesme on okcupid.
Oh, you mean my sugar momma?
No problem, gotta keep baby in belly supplied with adequate vit D levels.
I def are a whole pizza today
two little kids at my house...its like 10 pm and i have a report to do LOOL
aww geez!
We'll have to watch all of eachothers shows next year :
Can't wait to go venture out into the greater houston area this weekend.
So much to do and see
trying to work on HW but Twitter always gets in my way lol
After 18 months loyal service, the 'ole Mac has died.
Tomorrow it's the Apple store.
Then finish SAPSounds vid.
I know you are!!
Keep it up!!
haha run like the wind.
Took my talents to South Beach to catch the Heat game...oh I'm sorry, I meant the Floridian game lol
you fancy, huh?
Im rootin for the Soh Comeback .
.
.
Get back at it playa.
I'm setting up a small business server this weekend.
It's pretty awesome what it can do for a business.
I WISH people liked metal that much around here.
We're close enough to metal that we aren't as big as we could be in NY.
back at it!
Still haven't met a woman who wasn't crazy in one way or another.
I've come to accept the fact that all women got a screw loose.
I'm about to start gettin in the studio fo real bro
Late Vday gift from wife, Animal Tool Behavior.
Don't think it's a commentary on me, so I'm geeked by present.
we can help with the keyboard.
You'll be in love with less than an hour of practice in our typing trainer app.
Fight claims, pot put Florida teens side on defense  Boston Herald Found on Bing
I think I just saw Scott Salem play a bouncer at a strip club in a TNT movie called Hornet's Nest.
Might be worth a look, no?
Atheists need more holidays.
Get on this
Ok...ready?
I have a 4 year old pickle, a 5 year old messy apple pie, 7yearold spicy pepper, And an 8 yo Oreo
todays the day the players play
Just watched kill it at the Hard Rock in pgh
no prob.
but you guys are on the verge of getting swept 2yrs in a row.
and what team swept yall last year to win a title?
hell yea
Hey  miss ya  slavin away here.
Probably headed back to HK in a few weeks.
Have a great week!
is that your ass babe?
;
yah but 78 million of that went to to cocaine and prostitutes
nice job tonight buddy!
u always tweet the same story over and over
Save 20  10  Use rep code: at checkout 2 receive discount.
McGee being haunted by alterego spirit Nyjer Morgan left behind in Washington.
Odd coincidence.
Odd!
Wow it's 20 Degrees cooler at KingsIsland than in Louisville.
Diamondback is going to be cold.
Mayweather is bout to wup this dudes ass
MTM Radio is taking a few weeks off from production to recharge our batteries.
Is it football yet??
I Love Louis You Have A Great Bum Tho.
I'm sure, she is precious!
RT : My baby smile be shutting everyone down
The album is probably not even gonna be released in the fall.
WHAT DOES HE THINK HE'S SAYING HE'S NEVER PUNCTUAL STOP IT JORDAN MARK
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 12
NOTICE to all dads on mothers day: Uh, washable markers don't wash off immediately like magic.
Signed: the dad w/ the blue son.
enjoying the app!
going to save up for when the amazon gift card is on special again
My kuzzin had her baby!!
She so pretty kongradulations Kendoctor
...to get my doggy back.
Money can't but back the love you get from your furbaby.
omg he's a puggle!
Puggles are so cute
you better
3 apples changed the world: Adam and Eve's forbidden apple, Newtons apple and finally, Steve Jobss Apple.
RT IF HSUS ASPCA PETA would spend the 500M yr we give for ANIMAL RESCUE on ACTUAL rescues, WE WOULD KNOW WHAT THEY DO WITHOU
real good.
I got an interview in my inbox from shelbie.
I will try to get it up this weekend.
When childoctorn show up in the professorle photos on my Facebook feed...
I'm always like I don't remember friending any babies on here...
Oh, I'm not using it!
I might need it for reference w/ my ALA Publishing work.
Mainly, I need to get it off my desk to a shelf.
MT When I meet some1 I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them.
Way awesome.
In fact.
.
.
.
I'm undeniably the most screwed up person you'll possibly ever meet; But its inevitable I'm the best thing you could have
Rather be on Twitter than talk to people.
: Wishing you all a wonderful week  
Watching The Aristocats, which if I think about it not very much, is a lot like the last couple years of my life at points.
Thats enough doctornk talk u'd think i was a raging alco when really i have'nt even had a doctornk since Take That.
Thanks for the follow!
We love you too!
Life's swell, we've been readjusting to life back home.
How are you?
Happy !
Does this mean I can just read all day instead of work?
;
Whatever...guys have forgotten how to pursue.
GO get her.
Working on new track.
New music video coming shortly!
I so wish could get on that show even if I was just an extra!
Wonder were there filming it?
Grocery shopping alone before 7 am.
Is this something old people do or crazy people?
LOL then why do they follow you?
smh.
basic bitchez deeze days.
My fabulous public childoctorn's librarian definitely makes me a better school librarian.
thankyou!
Finally watching Moneyball.
Free hugs for whoever guesses the title to this song: If I lay here.
If I just lay here.
Would you lay with me and just forget the world?
What's everyone doing tonight for Cinco and the Moon watching???
WGN for early game, STO for tonight.
WoW these mf straight choked
New Avi, like or dislike?
Oh that Gary Busey was a trip...
Promoting Brett Lee?
Who DOES that?
That's like saying Oh, shit, we need runs.
Tell Steyn to kit up!
BCS all the way.
The Bachelor is same ol same ol, just a new season.
After that if our membership isn't up we will discontinue the social network  just do our entertainment blog site!
The race goes not to the swiftest but to those who keep running
Thanks for the RT and favorite!
What's at the heart of your spirituality /or religion?
Tailgating with stritchies is fun
As a guy doctorving a Pathfinder with a tape deck, I ask: when did they go out of style?
im am her name kali?
TY for the RT!
: : Relieve stress instantly: connect to your core!
Insights from the radiant
Hobbit's Chch barrelmaker dies  The Press
well said
Done eating Carne Asada yummy 33 my dad makes the best tacos:
hello and thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!!
In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes, but most of all, I've learned.
3
The moon is out and has come to visit me tonightt.
good to be back in the land of twitter!
just indulged in a portillos chopped salad.
yum!
anyone else a huge fan?
I still can't believe cancelled Ringer..Fucking cocksuckers.
Bring Back Ringer!!!
thx for the follow :
So excited....
is ready to jam
Because you are usually right!
new avi
Pearson:How does it feel to almost reach 500 tweets?
Devin:Like nothing ever happend...
Pearson:Oh......
NO WAY!!!!!
So jealous.
SO jealous.
Not at school today.
And I just want to see my best friend , but she's hungover.
So she wont wanna do anything today.
/:
ayee 3 RT : Got My Cousin Invitation Today : Ill Be There
Diggy Simmons Promises to Never Curse in His Rhymes Now this is good for hiphop.
New Links page is up.
Long live Isiah!
The Nuggets have told the Knicks that they do not possess the assets they are seeking if they decide to trade Anthony
thanks for coming yesterday!
Glad to know I'm still running the town as I make 2X as much as you!
with our without pennies?
is be copying you!
Ohana means family, family means nobody gets left behind.
Or forgotten.
Lilo and Stitch
Mutual understanding, fraternal love are transcendent civilizers and mighty factors in the worldwide realization of the brotherhood of man
We have a good feeling about the game today with all the great energy in here right now!
Go Badgers!
Thank you for the mention Kathleen!
: That nap didnt even help..
Still tired i hate that
having a moment of silence for all those neglected silly bands that's no one gives a shit about anymore
48hours I knew he was guilty as soon as he called the detective neighbor to check on his family.
Every man one point in life, did the Kamehema wave while they were using the bathroom.
Q5Safety policies, essential tool use, and probably transactive memory aids.
Thanks for the mentions!
Adding fresh herbs and spices to your food can turn any ordinary meal into an extraordinary meal.
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Cleveland!
I hate it when People call my Braces Train track teeth!
...
thanks!
there was a lot of imagination to what a cart could be..like a grizzly bear cart for teaching survival skills.
apparently I've been building up tolerance to be a teenagers mom since high school.
Working in the restaurant industry helped
Nah, I was talking about the script that you never sent me smh lol
did you get my text yesterday?
You hav quite a rockin day coming up!
YaY Love days like that :D
Woke up from my nap..
Excited for The Black Keys, Garbage, and Cake at Edgefest22!!
DEAD.
RT : I just realized how big Chris head really is in le RBMS video  how skinny he is....Nigga like
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo go visit ur boy in jail with some old weed in ur pocket that u didnt remember is in there.
Endurance is resistance to time dependent mental and physical fatigue.
An endurance event is a test of that limit.
Who is going to the Brewers' home opener tomorrow?
Wig time!
I bin good just skoo  Working.
I miss you too  Derrick
I saw Donald and Maria before it crashed.
Thanks T!
Xoxo
1 of the most ignorant things ever written.
RT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman.
Guns Don't Kill People...
Lazers Do!
She's totes cray, cray.
James Van Der Beek in Don't Trust the B in Apt 23
LOVE YOU TOO CODY!!!
RT : Big summer gona be fun // YES Indeed it will be!
Can't wait.
soon here in Italy there will be one of the episodes of Ghost Hunters Follow me please .
i mean...is this a joke?
oh I ain't get it
Lol awww : I'm pumping in bed right now and my husband just called me: Pumpy Brewster
I seen ghosts last night...
is your girl in town casting spells by any chance
at home.
Pacers have home court now.
Nobody gave them a chance
Buckeyes and Quakers playing today.
This 70deg weather is going to have to wait a bit.
High praise indeed!
: RT : My boys, proud members, liked it!
RT : Titanic exhibit open only til May 16.
Thank you for RT!
So excited for Saturday.
:
Thanks!
Looking forward to Sunday!
: .
smh at Normy's tweets on our timeline What did I do!?!?
Just saw a prius with a 'friends of coal license plate.
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
:
HeLLo RT : RT : OLD RULE: Never get your honey the same place you get your bread.
It always ends up as a sticky ...
I said it's bad, but I like it.
I've read another hundoctord pages already today.
It's crack like.
You are on to something.
Smith  Wesson makes bikes too.
Lakers have 4 white guys in the lineup, gonna be hard to come back like that
Data management plan tool being developed with cdl, smithsonian, etc..thought would be able to tweak DCC tool, ended up rebuilding it
I wish i had a black friend so whenever we're together i can sing black and yellow, black and yellow
Seems like you've got crazies in front of and behind you
unlock your twitter so I can send u a message
Come in  warm up with our Dbl Punch doctornk of the day: Honey Bunch Latte.
Our 10/20/30 OFF SALE now includes ALL Holiday at 30 OFF.
have you ever felt your spirit literally  forcefully say NO to something?
no joke.
like, smooth sailing and then one day  STOP!
DON'T.
Missing the call putting the kids to bed!
Happy and sad...
Megan Fox39;s Sharper Image
A long, hot  sticky day remedied by a refreshing Über Pils!
cottonpolyester blends or wearing red?
NOT allowed!
I told my husband the same thing...
He's a math teacher and should've known better, lol!
I'm scared he would ignore me or something
They'll just alternate between that and Jamison 3s...
Shout out to our brothers at One Love and Ryan Cassata for awesome sets at the donkey last night!
YW!
Thx4 connecting  sharing on Twitter!
Have a fantastic weekend!
Lmao.
Yeah, I still agree with my decision.
It was fun.
3
that's cute.
classyCourtneyIsClassy RT Having to safety pin and tape your costume the night of pictures.
lol I feel the same RT : I don't know about y'all, but I rather lose a liver than shut down my brain cells.
I haven't napped Like That since before I discovered coffee.
10 more min can't wait till 2012
That estimate's good enough.
I'm training a bunch of student activists and we're using your tumblr as an example of coolness.
I been rollin' up sativa got me high, high.
i like how doesnt even try to deny it or hide it that he has a crush on :

hey guys, thanks for the follow
whitehouse.gov would have done 1 click vote, but Amazon has a patent on it wh.gov/gEm
Who has a hot tub I could use?
i love peter demarcus white
Exactly gotta protect my reputation
Check out Olympus Group mascots NOW on
I'm going to barf guisee
Florence and the Machine tix go on sale today Who wants to go with me?
I'm so stubborn.
There is no holy life.There is no war between good and evil.There is no sin and no redemption.
None of these things matter to the real you.
thanks for not making us look TOO crazy...
I know.
Imma have to come to Vegas and act like a child.
You know, just like all hotel guests.
I try to limit the amount of meat I eat
Thank you so much for the FF!!!!!!
Yogi Tea wisdom: There is a beauty in your presence.
Show who you are.
sweet doctorams 
I gave you that fat lip
HA!
RT : Apparently Mitt's ads are put together by a blind trust, too.
Dear stomach,
good point.
You wouldn't accept investment on those terms if you wanted to retain control.
I hate parties.
And thats hows its done!!!..BONG!!!
my 3yr old son Emory says: BIRD ECHOES!
He sings along w the birds!
just kidding
You tell him!
That tweet made me go all OH GOD, THE JEALOUSY!
MY JOB IS TERRIBLE COMPARED TO THAT.
Black Friday is RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!
Are you ready to get your Sac on?
Wearing sweats today so it will be easier to duck under a desk during that manmade earthquake today in OK :/!
If you love somebody, let them go.
If they return, they were always yours.
If they don't, they never were.
Rupert Murdoch on phone hacking: Thats a lazy way of reporting
Weather today made me want to be at a pool with a doctornk in my hand
Good am lovely people thankin god another day!
S/o our new followers  thank u 4 liking our fan page if u haven't please do!
Great meeting  IRL at GetLiquid.
Many more suits than I'm used to in ATX  SF!
Sound the buzzer on both of them and remove the clip from Youtube.
The only answer is 1976 Suns.
hella snow u guys
this is pitched on a yeast cake from a nostarter ESB.
Gonna oak it for a while  keg in a few months.
M.
CRM Enterprise view: not just for sales/marketing: helps w/ customer relationships  integrates other systems.
cc'
Musicians w/the same name: Either somebody change yr name or start playing the same instrument.
Because I DO NOT enjoy editing site tags.
using doctorpbox for sharing nonsensitive docs, oncampus secure email for sensitive docs, and SpiderOak for the inbetween.
SET IT OFF!!!!!!
THANKS FOR THE ENERGY, LETS KEEP KILLING SWAG...
Yay!
You excited??
I won!
Russian women often assume I'm Russian  after I correct them they tell me how much better Russian women are vs American.
Make sure you apply a custom background to your Twitter professorle.
It will help make your professorle more memorable.
I am SO stoked for Mo and some bone marrow butter next week
MY TWITTER IS ON FIRE!
Christian musicians need to support each other..Thanks!
and God Bless you guys and your music!
One more gush and then I'm Madonna's whole show brought me to tears.
Amazing!!!
So positive!
it was great ladies, thanks for hanging with your old man.
Im revved up right now.
How am I supposed to sleep
RT : Nice show of respect by passing to Bubnick for the empty netter.
I say YES.
I am in love with the edible egg.
It annoys me that my family members think eggs are a cholesterol risk.
Peace and light to and !
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Hubbard, Elbert
whatdeadin2011 Liz Taylor
The only good thing about the race is the night before if we could just have that and not have the race I'd be happy because all this tr ...
The cold weather is back, hopefully the last weekend of this!
Come in to warm up with the new menu!
Wow comment from student Emily Wu after performing her concerto accompanied by the Rochester Symphony Orchestra.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Author Unknown
On board reading was Wired.
What's your Klout rating?
Do you really care?
I'm growing more and more excited for NYT coverage of Olympic yoga...
I swear every time I watch Kenan and Kel, the same episode is on.
Remind me to tell you about Alex.....that guy is a freak!!!
You are awsome...thanks!
RT : wanna chat?
You have my number don't you?
I'd be happy to help....
Sitting in dentist chair waiting for novocane to take effect...
Good bye wisdom teeth.
wat she need
Your Wireless Guy 10 for 30 Worth of CellPhone Accessories at Smart Wireless.
Nine Locations Available.
Well I just saw my name.
It was sad.
The Monster Kolor still looks gorgeous on them.
So sparkly shiny, just ruined in spots.
Harumph.
bitch!
one more word from you and i'm going to fuck you up;
Off work early :
very welcome!
And don't call us if the bitches ain't flawless, if they are we can hang like Aretha Franklin Braless!!!
how was the party?
Alright, folks.
It's time for lunch.
I'll continue live blogging wcphilly around 1pm eastern.
This is one of my favorite stops for a case of the good stuff: Venier, Pattes Loup, etc RT Celebrating our First Birthday today!
Good day for swashbuckling.
Headed south to see what kinda trouble I can get into.
Woowww
Whats the funniest food joke youve heard?
Keep it clean ;
Working on a custom Rockin' B doctorss today, love it!
Need something customized?
I can do it!
Sizing, color, etc.
Hanging out with jake and tanner for the first time in months!
You definitely should Wasn't that such a sweet idea?
I loved receiving them!!
got u most definitely
LOVE that your SM team is always so interactive with customers!!
Great job!
RT : We're happy to hear it!
Glad I came to my intern..my goal is to have a total of 5 news pkges..more standup and a GREAT INTERN NEWSCAST TO PUT ON MY REEL!!
Home from the birthday party, now I need to figure out dinner.
Blog later?
So happy for that extra hour of daylight in the evening.
:
People have trouble with resolutions because they can't wrap their head around doing something for 365 days.
I say take 1 day at a time!
Oh gosh, bed already?
I'm down for some zzzs.
:d
Girl omg I love Austin Mahone!
I'm a mahomie!!
:D Me me too, and i miss angel Girl who's angel MeGET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME!
May 17 is the eighth anniversary of Massachusetts becoming the first U.S.
state to legalize samesex marriage.
Celebrate!
doctorpping this beat tonight
where do you live and where is it happening?
topography is the enemy of high fidelity fm.
Anne, but again he tweeted flushed, trembling, and unstrung
Thanks so much, Lisa!
that's my ringtone on my phone
a sweet demeanor, has this cat!
if anybody in the world feel u lil bro...
i feel u..
we all on dat
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles.
There when you need them.
Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator.
Oh hell no lol still got that slide phone?
Lmao
This series will end tonight
WHY ARE YOU LEAVING US AGAIN?!
she's distracted when daddy comes home I guess!
true!the link between my past work in nonprofessorts and joining is a missiondoctorven orientation.
i3
you're welcome  hope you can make it down!
Congrats!
What will you be working on?
Redefining connection: when was the last time you had a face to face conversation with your own kids?
Spouse?
Best friend?
People matter!
Meditation, check.
Read a chapter of the book I'm reading, check.
Now it's bedtime for this girl.
Kim K is ten min from my house..oh snapp!!
Craving to leave the country
for the most part.
My occupation fortunately has taught me to function without much.
Husband is a different story...:
haha you are too funny!!
How's Cody doing?
that sign is on the front door of the dell still, I just hadn't read it up close ...
seems it will be subdued at a minimum.
:
Looking at forming a 2v with Mage and Lock what do you guys think the best specs would be and why
Just found out my dad's girlfriend's puppy is pregnant!
She's due May 25.
Get out of the sun and make waves with our bumper boats!
There's no such thing as long distance relationship love shouldn't be a distance
Bought myself two awesome 1970's vintage doctorsses from Pretty People in Old Town.
Perfect for a new restaurant opening next month.
Going to see Song1 at the tonight!
I've heard such great things, can't wait to see it for myself!!
Just landed in LA I'm in love already
hit up union oyster house
Heading to SanDiego today for the Pacific Sociological Association mtgs
Be careful!
Can you see your apartment in that picture?
awesome.
Thanks, you too!
:
I have to laugh at the last.FM community sometimes.
I came to this conclusion the other day...3rd world countries may have more crime but the US has more criminals...
Deep?
Join us next Wed 05/16 with guest: Jennifer Edwards Y  Young Entrepreneur Council
Yea that's another good spot for sure.
I started to feel under the weather, so I just ducked out.
Booth is 634 if you want to stop by for dessert.
Sorry I missed u.
Smoke Good..Fuck Better..Count Money What's Better?
thanks to a family member today..i was able to find more descendants of my 3rd great grandma..the 2012 Florida reunion is going to be huge!!
Nice to be home and start spring break early
It looks like Supe.
Wiener changed his Twitter screen name to My apologies.
Sometimes Monday ain't so bad.
There are good works to be done today!
Thanks!
The year is ending great so far.
Just raised 180 4 the DFTH charity.
super excited.
When r u sending in ur donation?
Follow back??
:
Que Trip'ao!
RT : and the handful of latino panels at sxswi are being held in 2 rooms, like we have our own sxsw corner, lolz
Ok, which one of you is WHEC's undercover cyberbullying account?
What a weird, weird day.
clinton was after him.
i wasnt born till 92.
duh
Happy OpeningDay everyone!
Happy Mother's Day to all women who are Mom's, StepMom's, have Mom's, want to be a Mom, love Mom's, need a Mom, miss your Mom, and...
you're so welcome!
Love my trenchers!!
Ack  Our Lady Peace is coming to SF next month.
I've moved on from them with my tastes but it sure brings me back.
mine is
HEY KIDS IT'S BORGORE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT'S HARDCORE?
Thanks, Ben!
I needed a little change.
Aww , inspirational quotes?
oh and miss you too.
portland people!!
im moving there this month and i would like to meet some nice folks to play music and smoke ganja with.
: 
Did you know?
Fountain Hills, Arizona was previously recognized by Parenting Magazine as one of the Top 10 places to raise a family.
I think I go fishing way to much.
i dont have to see you to know your beautiful.
I have read your tweets.
You have a beautiful personality
On the other hand, 24 of all NFL stuff sold bears the Dallas Cowboys logo!
follow me please.
Very appreciative of Jim and Fred for our nice welcome lunch celebrating Tara and Claire's first week at OnMessage
Looks like it's ticket for 1 night at UTG HQ!
Should I see best exotic marigold hotel or dictator?
Leaning towards the first
Our church got bracelets  when u complain, u switch ur bracelet to the other wrist.
It works!
Makes u more aware!
You are here
Good stuff man, you going all out and getting a place in Manhattan?
I'll have to visit, I love that city
Is it bad that I have that One Direction song stuck in my head?
3 bedoctorom suite for Saturday!
Excited to go to the Hornets Wizards game tomorrow night!
doe you have a website?
I would like to learn more about your point of view?
Thanks for liking all the music from my middle and early high school days.
Booked a commercial and a film this weekend.
Nice holiday!
Haha!
RT : I noticed that changed their packaging technique after I spoke with them...feeling so influential :D
Getting ready to start another great Monday!
Have a fantastic day...
:
2 cents party tonight stop in  hornyhideaway
Thanks!!
Glad to be in the struggle with you.
Yes, I have a sweet tooth and the desserts brownies, chocolate chip cookies, apple and cherry crisp, almond biscotti etc
LOVE DOESNT HURT ITS THE RELATIONSHIP THAT BRAKES......
AND HURTS YOU BACK AT THE END
My best hater cant stop my shine!
Forgot to add maythe4thbewithyou's..
FIRE ALERT: 3 alarm Brush Fire 4700 block of West Crown Valley Rd, Bootlegger Canyon, Olsen Rd  29000 block of Hefner Road.
Vacation reporting here is very lax, and if I needed the 30 days I currently accrued I could conceivably take it without question.
When you see on the commercial for the new season of ABDC ugh my babies
How to Use Social Media to Manage Your Company Brand Online
good morning everybody
: Decisions are the worst!!
Popcorn or icecream??
Lolboth.
Throw popcorn in ice cream
Folks will need doctor blankets and towels.
Yeah BUDDY RT : Caps!!
Finally ahead in the series
Yeah Haley is safe on idol!!
I think Stefano should go...what about you ?
My boyfriend ain't your fuckin therapist bitch.
Gtfo.
Wee are really excited about Austin coming up on October 22nd!
Watch for our KXAN commercial!
Have you seen it?
I wanna ride my bike!
Its so
On average,I think about you atleast once in every class!
soluckyhappy
Anyone interested in being a part of some new television shows?
Let me know so we can do something
just write all your tweets as you fly, then foist them on us upon your landing
never disappointed!
Brunch!
Sunday!
Soon I hope!
Would love a foot massage right now.
I never do this, but...
Good morning, everyone!
who's good?
Wanna lose my agent in Chicago...
Need new followers ...finna b on here more
So true, moved to LA 2 years ago with nothing.
Still the best decision I've made, well that and adopting my dog.
awwh ya miss me?
0 BALANCE..CLEARED AND WALKING ACROSS THAT STAGE SOON!!!
SOMEONE EXPLAIN TO ME HOW MY GOD IS GOOD!!!
hey Alice I hope you're doing great.
Please take care3..
Wondering if I can get to make an appearance at my son's 5th birthday party.
well it would have been nice to know ahead of time that my door locks were changed...
wtf
I mean this guy produced Patti Smith...he should be ashamed of himself.
hey analise its mari doll from chatzy :D smanx fro following me boo lol
Wow!
Early bird...
pretty productive so far?
Saw Watchmen last night very good!
I'm imagining lotsa blue bodysuits this Halloween.
Late night, another one today  work.
Oh well.
Took advantage of a free day and spent lunch and the evening at Krav.
Keep that motivation!
ISupport
GamerAdvice has a new design and will be pumping out posts again.
Sorry for the 1 month break  but we are back and better than ever.
Four hour classes and my attention span apparently do not get along.
Partied with Damon Stoudamire, Jim Jackson, Oscar Robertson, and Jim Gray
Well, guess I don't work tonight.
Franzia and Kinnect it is.
RT if you think I would look better with an Ellen Degeneres dike spike
I just picked in the Madden NFL 13 Cover Vote!
mymaddencovervote via
CBS News: Mitt Romney is the projected winner in Illinois Republian Primary.
Counting all of my gold coins after a fun St.
Patrick's day with and !
Who won the grand prize btw?
My phone is going nutz .
haha
only with online photo printing can you get five of something for thirtysix cents
I love Jessica her song touched me tonight
shut up lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the show last night!
You made it an incredible night for me and my dancers.
Time to start celebrating the best day of the year...cinco de mayo and 's 21st birthday!!
ATTENTION: All Graduating Seniors Will Not have to wait in line!
BeVIP This THURSDAY w/
I think it's from doing the chop so much last week.
haha
love your tweets so much...actually gives me hope there's perfect guys out there :
I'm going to restart writing my book since my blueprints were stolen along with my laptop.
Absolutely!
Remember, violas are confused violin players
,I hope the 30 Homer Simpsons was not watchin!
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it!
Jonathan Winters
Don't forget the less fortunate this holiday season.
Your local food pantry can always use help.
PicknSave has plenty of items they need!
home away from home!
Like when people are telling funny jokes and someone says something that ruins the moment, I laugh at that XD
Did you ever get your bags back from Delta?
Were giving away the new iPad, Fire SWAG, and tix during the game tonight, stop in to win!
Wow.
They did a full on Bollywoodparodystorynumber on SMASH  Bravo!
Simultaneously brilliant  hysterical!
Believing in that bullshit ...
if u love someone let them go if they come back it was meant to be  if u loved the person y u wnna leave!?
if you're not on tour when Scream It Like You Mean It passes through there will you be there?!
justin  emily wilbur hahahahaha now what!!!
I don't know about you guys, I'm still rooting for Newt.
We need someone to uphold marriage as holy union of one man and one women
saw District 9 this afternoon.
Got a little desensitized to people exploding like rotten melons.
don't worry nothing bad OneDoorClosesTwoMoreOpen opportunties are knocking : hecticbusy
Happy Birthday Have a good one bro
Thank you, !
Same to you :
Just finished up in the gym I'm addicted to hard work still doctoramchasing !!
Still aiming for Hawaii ...if u know me u know how ill get there
yooo i heard that track lol you fuck with logic now?
Looks like I'll be heading to WI over Memorial Day weekend to help win the recall!
Must find cheese curds.
it's the wine.
Put these in your own order...
Concept, Conflict, Character
ty, so true!
RT In Email or social media, spam is spam and robots are rarely perceived as humans.
Risk more than others think is safe.
Care more than others think is wise.
doctoram more than others think is practical.
The second music starts playing, any music at all, I'm instantly happier.
Keep swinging at garbage, Morneau
Love it!
MT : Gonna steal idea, but global: doctornkingaboutmuseums via Skype.
With whatever bottle you keep in desk.
Do you know which agency is doing their casting?
You know I'll be looking for you too on that Red Carpet.
Get some camera time in!!!
:
will you be at
Panhandler to me: Nice beard my man.
You remind me of a young Eric Clapton.
I keep my receipts in my passport when traveling  every time I pull it out from my breast pocket I like to pretend to be MacGyver.
my email
Got my nails done with :3
I been pretty good myself.
Just a lil bit, since your always tweeting  I didn't see you on my tl I was like what happened?
lol
Calling him Jordan Farmer 
You have to call them usually, but Delta, Lufthansa, Aer Lingus, LOT Polish.
Air France that I remember.
They don't say the holocaust is a fake do they??
is their only account.
They have no personals
IN school chief will testify Wed.
on SB 258
The love for the Irish is on your plate starting today and straight through St.
Patty's day.
Check out the facebook specials.
Then defo do!
That's not a hard decision
Stop searching, happiness is right next to you
haha i buy you one.
hot tea?
or iced tea?
tough question.....VT girls or UM girls?
Who's prettier????
Kravitz has a sad looking mosh pit.
Nobody who cares about him apparently went to the race
I'm tired of all this doctorMA!!!!
In Philly the bus would peel off while the passengers laughed at the runner.
lol
I'm almost over my latest bout of the flu.
Absolutely exhausted though.
This year has been worse than any previous one.
Ick!
its not too bad during the day
Hey man, I'm just tryna sell some rocks...
Referrals from nonclients  20 gift card to dinner!!!
Limited time only!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to taking my clothes off with you at a party sometime soon.
White Sox perfect game...
NICE!
i really want a bag of salt and vinegar chips right now.
someone should bringeth them to me.
Lyon interprets Arendt: interest as 'something ...
which lies betw.
people  therefore can relate and bind them together
You ain't nothing but a player two ass nigga.
From today on I'm gonna have to work the hardest I've ever had to in Life to make my goals a reality
Got Done Running My Myles Lmao My Time Was Way Long Then Last Time It Was Like 10 min ..
Wtf
Follow this guy
Her sons rise up and call her blessed.
Her husband also praises her: Many women are capable, but you surpass them all!
Prov.
31:2829
The way girls swing their arms before they dance  like, chill out bitch...
today just not my day:
ThankYouCody for everything you have given up for us and continue to do for us.
We love you and will be here till the end!
I'll never get tired of hella famous people saying Oakland A's.
i am going to your oakton place today and i was wondering if the blue dye looks sort of like middle neon
oh okay so what you doing?
lol can't be that bad
his mouth doctorpped.
He knew I was messin with him and he laughed.
No discount,but a lotta love :  will take it!
thanks for the follow bro!
thanks lovely!
Hope you are well.
haha me too my dude, me too
shit my pupils are so obvious too lol I'd never get away with it
Disposables are safety razors..
fine how bout you
hey chick what you doing tonight?
RT Why is Facebook telling my friends that I am in Biggin Hill?
Where the hell is that?!
It sounds made up.
lmao
oh wow these are all like separate hour or half an hour vids lol
going home to nap 
The Day the LOLcats Died.
I threw together a little thing to show off tomorrow night.
I'm calling it, Y U NO USE ACCELERATE, FOO?.
...That's the working title.
Nice work with the new record, fellas.
Spinning at vinyl here at the house!
can u have some lol
oh goodness ariana.
Your version is by far the best : hahaha
you suck
nola here we come
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St.
Clement of Alexandoctor
That's why I'm being built juuusst a bit outside of Miller Park.
I have been telling people that agender is not the same as genderqueer
get used to cracking up you're stuck with me for at least a year :D
I'm on the toilet right now
Nothing like a cold dose of sobering reality to kick off their weekend, eh?
According to the Oxford American Dictionary, ho is black slang.
Is that just supposed to be their word?
My dictionary is racistly silent
King Mo is joining IMPACT WRESTLING his character name is King Fudge Packer!
yea im so pissed off bout the pink slime they put in grd meat 4 school kids lunch !
Missed you guys at SX but really love your sound.
Come back to Austin soon!
Come join us at our first general body meeting of 2012 in TEN MINUTES!
We're in the Campus Center room 268!
So many social networking sites.
So little time.
Not sure why there are giant muffins in the kitchen at work but I might eat two of them
he's My Bodyguard to me.
He would have won that fight easier with animal mothers' M60 tho
Press: After Arest Explores how the NBA moved to govern black players and the expression of blackness after the 'Palace Brawl' of 2004.
Wow, did you guys move again?
3WordsOfAdvice Respect All Girls
We're on Pier Ave.
The Strand in Hermosa at the Hennessey's SUP  Paddleboard World Championships After Party!
Stay Hydoctorted, South Bay!
i unbuckle my belt now give me a head start
wow.
unreal.
hopefully Garcia and Colon will continue to be somewhat solid
Lots to do this week before holiday outing happens.
Do laundoctor, plan, pack, attend two more days of work, etc.
Grad Bash is tomorrow.
I get the privilege of seeing DJ Khaled and Pitbull perform.
Yay....
Pitbull and DJ Khaled.
As audiences become more video production savvy, how could concepts like crowdsourcing  transmedia fit into content creation?
Let's go Yankees!!!
Coming back!
People who are help us organize in their areas to get josh's name out ....
Monical's doesn't usually see paper cut injuries!
Getting ready to leave for New Port beach tomorrow!
Yeah!
yes!
i hate when they are doctormatic..that said, i think it is the least interesting Kardashian show, haven't been keeping up
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago!
M14Hoops.com for info
just saw the winners  15k to distribute coffee mugs and gather thoughts?
WTF ?
tons of rain today but NO hurricanes here!
RT : Good to see so many folks rocking the astd2012 hashtag!
Keep the info coming!
Thank you 3
is loving the arts fest music lineup for 2010.
way to go
i never give a damn about a hater: got money on my radar
I put my retainer in every 3 months for 15 minutes just to make sure it still fits, then I start to feel light headed and take it out....
a little bit of down time before heading over to the convention center.
Hey sweetie!
Hope all is well!
Want to talk to you about your headphonesgot some great ideas!
Just talked about them on the air!
Try stepping in my shoes and walking a mile.
Then you'll see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile.
/3
What was the worst thing you spilled on your pool felt?
We'll be making love the whole night through
he hates michael bay,
NEW QUIZ, PUZZLE  POLLS WILL BE UP BY LATER ON TODAY!
TV Roundup: Melissa Gilbert Suffers Head Injury, Whiplash on 'Dancing With the ...
Zimbio
Young dumb whores SmhuNeverwin
Omg I can't sleep too much going on in my head :o lol
will you please tweet pray4shay PLEASE!
she's from our community  needs positive thoughts !
wanted to send something positive.
The doctorver of nb no 11 buswas extremely helpful and pleasant.
8:03pmfleetstreet
Only thing I know for sure is I am hitting the gym hard today  planning on doing yoga twice tomorrow...Happiness is my fitness schedule!!!
Cute concept!
Good luck doll!
lmaoo what all that candy wasn't good enough?
Wow, good luck!
We love getting feedback from our customers.
Thank you for the kind words about Johnathan our Marana Store Manager this week.
My son got sillyputty all over his buzz lightyear blanket.
And it's darn near impossible to get out!
Like I always say: You have the RIGHT to remain silent.
Whether you have the ABILITY is another thing entirely.....
yes it does!
I'm glad to hear that Mozilla has announced a privacy mode for Firefox 3.1.
The update is scheduled to be released in beta form in Oct.
RT if you think Gaga is better than hockey...or if you call 911 when you see your team's opponent do something big, mean, and scary on TV.
madmen Wow!
LOVE STATION is taking over
Ladies I have a couple openings today, call and book your Thanksgiving hair appointment now: 9102770
Something good seriously needs to happen fast...or I just might lose it.
I'm tonguetied and terrified of what i might say
Someone left his/her credit card and receipt at the ATM machine in the supermarket.
I reported it and gave them to a cashier.
TEAM JACOB 4 LIFE!!
tell me about it runs
what a joke.
:
Weekly Ketchup: Anchorman Sequel Is On Its Way This week's Ketchup includes movie news about sequels for Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Bur
cute cute dog!!
Why does my homegirl have me on car watch?!?
Aren't we supposed to be headin to a meetin Ma'am
wla12 is an excellent moderator: sharp questions, good followup, useful summary.
Warm cookies are the best cookies.
No shit two wrongs dont make a right 
Ah finally fixed my desk!
Sometimes you just gotta bust out a screwdoctorver and get crafty.
It is better to shine than it is to reflect.
Absolutely sir!
It has been great being on campus!
Feeling like I'm in college again :
MIDDAY MONDAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle  Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work
RT Be careful out there party people
Thanks to all that came to the Triple Door last Saturday.
What a beautiful night!
I look really pretty today.
Sure, email Summer Martin at with the info.
Sorry, I meant if I tweet to someone.
quotes If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
My memory is that it was very good.
It was in a small bar in Tempe.
I want my grades up and school out.
Nothing more.
FINALLY saw Secretariat.
It was a great movie!
AJ was amazing.
doctorw Roy was hot.
And all of the horses were big sports and super pretty.
Now i am lol, why?
Thanks!
It should be sometime within the next week and a half!
What do cows do for entertainment?
They rent moovies !
It's Friday  no working on the day job, but time to work on personal/freelance projects.
Likewise, my friend!
You are too much.
You just did a shout out to a lot more people than one would think.
The economy and the pole.
Many thanks to Can't wait to read the Arcane!
Follow this account Horror Peeps.
You'll be happy you did!
Thanks Ian!
Wish their was a Fast Foward button in life.
I'll have to work on that next time I see you.
Follow us on Facebook for more photos/videos and news.
Just search for Brooks Custom.
Mount Kisco, NY
Congrats  my poster proposal was accepted also
Clinton program is great :D
Sounds like a great promotion from JetBlue.
Especially now since increased ticket prices have left people vacationing at home.
Falling asleep beside someone you love after a long night of doctornking is way better than blacking out beside your best guess ar penis size
It really made me want to yank the teeth out of the poachers mouth.
Is excited for my surprise date with tonight!
I love Tuesday night dates!
If you are writing a novel, you should pay attention to screenplay structure and visual storytelling to sell the film rights if it hits big.
Love it!
Thank you
Got Finish all these mixes before thursday 
Lol!!
You are correct!!
:
Thank you  happy WW!
Congratulations to CCB student Bill Hines who won many of his events this weekend at the New Jersey State Open!
I'm scared of sharks, but only in the water.
The opposite applies for spiders.
I think I can outrun a shark on land and outswim a spider.
why do you have a pig on your shirt?
well why don't you have a pig on your shirt?
because, i like my pig sizzling on a pan.
Weird nigga posting about other girls boobs .
Are you a videographer that would like to help out with producing content for Built in Cbus and our partners?
Let us know!
Sounds like these moths have batwings
Yup, just saw the refund email.
What happened?
Any idea when you'll reschedule?
: RT : goodlooking out now following you back
Kind of feared this day might never come.
Surreal.
!!!
It's a way of at least implying that other points of view are entitled to exist.
Bald statements can seem confrontational.
Yes, not all shows are amazing...tonight we are performing for 8 people.
At least they are laughing.
I cannot deal with helping my cousin with his homework.
I'm about to jack him up.
He trynna argue he right when the answers are wrong 
Love the new picture!
When guys kiss you on the for head..
Girl, how fast do you doctorve?
Rethink  Reengineer Redeploy all the things going on in your life and take control and become the master of it.
Watching Abduction with my sister
I am looking for a 25,000 investment, Money is going to buy Ads to Hire in 40 Major College media outlets and upgrade to a Dedicated Server
Love those girls.....
Always so happy after teaching them :
Niggas get on twitter n act like hoes
Libbie Books will be participating in the LibbieGrovePatterson Sidewalk Sale on Sat Feb 26!
Just got told to grow some balls...
Damn these girls love me xD
take a sharpie and write 'please don't cut this one off!' on the other foot.
Just to make sure.
Good Luck!
RT Less than 15 followers to go until we reach our goal and can give away the Ultimate Skincare basket!
Im gunna make sure I have a good day.
yur cool and you can walk.haha
were we followin u in da first place?
Just askin
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 25
On my way to meeting with area high school librarians  college librarians to talk infolit transition from 12th to freshman.
Am late.
thats cool bro no offense  but NBA players can't fight maybe but other than that
Happy Thanks Giving ..
Have a great afternoon .
AM ROSMAI
Kinda believe almost all ESPNers are replaceable.
Seems like the machine makes the talent, not the other way around.
Tonight: We are open for game 1 of the vs Lakers series!
heading over to Nathans now
How much do I love you right now?
Anyone know of any printable vc/cv, cvv etc.
combination flash cards?
Here we go.
Just updated the Facebook page with some new work!
www.facebook.com/FScottSchafer
Monday morning Vintage Mixer planning meeting means one thing: I'm wearing a doo rag.
Playing Madden 11' with a seven year old lol
If I was a farmer the first thing I'd do is have a meeting with the roosters  cows  tell them to wake up around 9:30 instead of 5
My nephew will be 11 tomorrow....I am gonna cry!
He's like my own
Watching Madeas Big Happy Family.
Omg I'm dying lol
Can't wait!
RT New York's bikeshare system will be up and running by summer 2012.
Here's what it will look like: on.wsj.com/qNqrEi
HA!
That was hilarious!
Thanks for the laugh!
They are both a mess!
congratulations on UW job, great school  dept that will be better w you!
Look forward to collaborating!
Now you're just somebody that i used to know...
Huntsman should've known by now that being educated is a liberal thing...like learning how to speak Chinese.
May all your cinco's be covered in mayo!
omg yes!!!
Lol  the CEO guy of the water bottle company he looks like a clown
RT I always feel smarter just being in the same room with Tom Bailey from
i hope not, but it probably will be because i leave on tuesday!
he a wings fan?
Lomio was a Nathan's fan for sure
dear Bobcat Goldthwait: don't write anymore movies.
please.
I literally cannot wait until my best friend gets here!
Probably going to scream, cry, and pee myself all at the same time..
This is just a reminder that we still have plenty of seats on the bus for the Ski trip this Saturday.
ItCantWork if only your the one putting the 50 and the other isnt putting anything.
got what I wanted..for the games to begin.
Got to see the DLeague play Thanksgiving, but ready for my Mavericks...
damn straight, I discover real talent, I was the nigga that discovered Wacka.
Also, my brain insists on reworking Genesis's Invisible Touch as Invisible Tonsure and running it through my head on loop.
so, apparently my boyfriend is gay
fixed: if you love paso robles wine, follow ...
updates on Paso wine country events and news.
www.lavistavineyards.com
that is so cool!
Hooray!
To what distant corners of the map have you sent Boogoop?
I've found one LosAngeles douchebag selling them for almost 50!
Help!
Me too, btw, was sorry to miss your Skype presentation.
Everyone said it was incredibly informative.
To clean or not clean the car ah..
It looks like it wants to rain 
what a stupid quest what twit ter
In spite of your fear, do what U have 2 do.
ChinNing Chu
Thanks.
XD Its not much but yeah.
I love Carrie Underwood.
RT CLARKSVILLENASHVILLEHOPKINSVILLE CPtv MEDIA IS COMING TO YOUR CITY NEXT WEEK!
RESERVE YOUR SLOT NOW TO SHOOT A MUSIC VIDEO
mate is one of my fav words, jussayin
Excited about a new startup with international markets.
More to come.
I'm on this morning chatting about summer movies!
how do you use this??
cisummit argues for pit crews for pts but not so sure.
I'm not an inanimate object.
lol you have to tell me now!
lol

really make me question their sanity.
I'm scared for this poor man.
lol.
the Dayton game is next Saturday at midnight and is senior night.
Last game of the season.
Dodgertown you are beautiful....
We support this.
RT : Ran out of candy.
Now laying on the living room floor in the dark eating the candy we ran out of.
What a small world :
And just broke another database
HowAboutWe Start Off By Bein' Friends
Shoot some DM's I promise I'll actually reply to them this time haha.
10FactsAboutMe I hate chicken 
: The line in Bahama Bucks  ridiculous ewww the one in frisco sucks...
he's lovely!!
Thanks for the RT, friends!
a what!?
I can't stop crying , MCA you were such a big part of my life.
and all the fans out there, his family my heart breaks.
your grandma is on IM?
So excited to do photos today!!
Haven't done this in a while...
Fun fun fun
I'm not cool enough.
I only shop at Walmart.
What are nantucket reds guyz?
Go Pats!
Hey for a good cock sucking call this whore 914 227 3067 free lmfaooooo enjoy fellas!
I wish I had invented blue jeans.
They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity  all I hope for in my clothes.
Yves Saint Laurent
I only rock wit a certain amount of females
Something is wrong with the ALA website.....
Silence on the gun , that bitch go  !
So, so what!
I'm still a rockstar...and I don't want you tonight.
Our fitness center is hopping this morning.
Stick to those resolutions!
Elizabeth Taylor, Steve Jobs, Jackie Cooper.
Sad.
Its not about whos Real in front of you, its about Who stays Real behind yo back.

Baby, let me blow your mind tonight!
Why do we continue to stick to chalk and talk with so many new channels of communication available?
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog.
Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
E.
B.
White
Heading to work now.
That's crazy!
You guys are usually asleep by like 11PDT
Follow back?
:
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
thanks for the
Assumption freshmen step up on pitch  Quad City Times
He need to hurry Up with this Webcam .
I saw it before 3D it's my favorite movie!:
10ThingsIWantToBuy an ATM that just gives me money whenever I need it
Thanks, Dasha!
RT : What a great holiday party !!!
So nice to meet more of this super talented family last night:

Hmm...I think I actually have a date.
How exactly does that work again?
it'sbeenaREALLYlongtime!
Two smartypantses, what are the odds.
Happy birthday, 
technically it's today.
They were all about it yesterday cause they're in Europe.
u needa come back to SF this summer!!
almost cried watching u perform back in march, seriously though
Good morning
not bad for Jr top 10!!!
Thank you for great samplers like today's 'Artists to Watch.' I always discover at least one new artist or song to love!
Rehearsal was cool!
Just ended
getting on that twat game.
I Always Wanted To doctorp Kick A Bitch!!
i'll take a photo of my toes, a close up.
This way i'll get more followers?
Hm i think i'll 1st use my Ped pal Perfectly wonderfully me!
you should take conducting.
Everyone had to do it at my undergrad place, and then again as a doc student at ucsd.
Q5: The home page is always the Home for all content.
It's the only place you own as a NP.
Social Media makes it more so.
job interview tomorrow!!!!!
Some people you just love working with.
Am blessed w/ some awesome LA professorssionals who do everything well.
Kraft has been superb today for FCBayern !!
pulled stove off the wall and threatened to blow the house up
Join us for tonight's game!
Argentina VS Mexico 6pm!
Specials: Groups of 8 15 off entire order Bucket of Coronas for 35
lol I gotta do everything huh
Awesome pic!
Haven't seen you much lately.
Things going OK for you and your family?
Smoking makes you totally unattractive.
You could look like Louis Tomlinson and still be unattractive to me if you smoke.
Found the perfect book for Rush Limbaugh: FORGIVE ME, I MEANT TO DO IT by Gail Carson Levine
Jr absolutely right!
Looking forward to seeing you and having my hair pampered tomorrow!
Remember the cassette tapes with cords that connected to cd players..yeah we have that connected to our phone to play rhapsody.
Personal is always hardest.
RT : Hardest question by far for these journalists has been what do you tell your family?
cool, one vote for solo.
Had to hit the park earlier and put up some shots...I feel way better though
I love how my pets know when I'm upset.
Closing time.
You don't have to go home but you can't stay here.
See you tomorrow!
oh I'm working on it.
Hopefully terri breast feeds so I don't have to worry about that much.
Haha
I was going to go, but I'm blind and have to get my first pair of glasses at 9:30.
No nerds allowed, right?
We're just rednecks livin the good life.
thanks for the update!
hope you don't have too late an evening there.
Watching the movie Speed.
It's no The Chase but will do.
be a part of our urbangarden project volunteer w/us!
and beautify
CNN hired Piers Morgan?
What?
That's crazy.
I never saw it coming.
Out in the 305 with my boys.
Good times.
Nice to take a breather for a few days and get some sun.
Shavua tov.
Writing on the Ribs tattoos are the new trampstamps, i think they all read cum here, its the only place my uncle didnt
Little B is honestly a joke, someone please tell me he's a comedian and NOT a rapper.
question: fine for evening reception, but is taffeta okay for 3:00 ceremony?
We're glad to have a loyal customer.
RU a piggy bank member?
So you can be rewarded for all your visits!
you're going to make next year so difficult
WHAT UP
haters going to hate!
Happily for community meeting.
You should try it.
Pliny the Elder is tasty
Listening to Same Ole Love by Anita Baker and loving it 365 days of the year...
LOL I used MOD for a car/motorcycle racing loving couple's invitations.
Red black and white theme.
Was cute for them.
Appreciate this contact, I'm sure it will help!
Thanks
hooray!
Congratulations to you all.
Happy that all are healthy!
lol u never no
Good night of theater now on the journey home.
RT Almost fell asleep when my ghetto neighbors set off FIRECRACKERS IN THE STREET!!!.....Assholes
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole.
Thats a sad life dad
Thank god I'm not dying these mofos are not answering their phones!
RT If u will follow me I'll follow bak
Top of the 8th.
31 vs.
Dodgers.
Double play please.
also I could have said the same thing to you for how many years in a row
Family isn't always blood related
Let me see you put you're hearts up ...
Ariana grande 3.3
Looking forward to hearing great speakers at Compass Group Wellness Round table this afternoon in NJ
Friends don't let friends say eastern seaborg.
Now you tell me!
Don't know what to think anymore...
I just realized how crazy tonight is gonna be..
Hi  Why are you concerned?
hope ur in mate u deserve it, besides ur good luck when ur in a car in may Chelsea wins.
omg plz some buddy plz get justin bieber to follow me......please!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck to you ladies and the rest of the team.
It's been exciting watching you all and hope it contiues tomorrow.
They just don't make 'em like they used to...
However, I also have Evil Dead 2 on blu ray.
One of my faves.
:
For all those years you've protected the seed.
It's time to become the beautiful flower.
Stephen C.
Paul  May your weekend be great!
Best line from review of THE LUCKY ONE: when bulb blew, the theater filled with the squishy sounds of tearful, annoyed women.
nice, we just talked about that on the podcast with
Come Thunderup for the vs Indiana game and stick around for live music from My SoCalled Band!
No Cover!
: Just wondered if I had missed a game.
It's a bad sign when the barista whips out the manual to make you a latté
Be like that sometimes
For that's what a woman, a mother wants  to teach her childoctorn to take an interest in life.
She knows it's safer for them to b
ridiculous response time, that was literally within 1 second of that post haha.
And yes, they are.
Mine are coconut flavored haha
i mean who doesn't love ?
id love to test it...
Let's see if you can beat out as my favorite!
I did a double too!
UGGHHH
That's All I Really Wanna Do  hugging and never let go !
we always ask what others will think or say, but never ask how does this make ME feel and doesnt MY feelings outweigh anothers opinion 0o
So If PhilJackson Dont Come To NY Its Not Dolan Or Organization Fault Dat Dey Didnt Contact Him They Must Know Thru Sources He Aint Coming
Let what you love guide the way and let all else fall away.
What's meant will stick, what's not will go, let it.
I wont even buy the blu rays haha
follow me?;
RT if you had fun at Dances from the Heart yesterday!
Thanks to all our artists, choreographers, and of course our lovely audience!
I'm so glad!
Bout to just sleep cause I dont know what I'm gonna get myself into lolol
I just coined the phrase SplashZone for Rivers when he hits for Three
thanks!
i got a lot of birthday facebooks, but a birthday tweet, thats a good friend
Happy New Year
Smoothie before class.
Yummo.
hotday doctorss, sunny, flats, smoothie.
Great success for a day.
:
I didn't get Jandek until I took a bunch of Percocet while I had tonsillitis.
There's internet down there?
RT : Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt.
Hitting bottom never felt so good.
Can't wait to share
Watching Whitney Houston on The Preacher's Wife.
No one can doubt her voice was a gift from God when hearing her sing I Love the Lord.
you know I love you Cecilia 3
We're playing bottom of the hill at 9 PM!!!!
you all need to strongly consider your WNST affiliation, sth in Baltimore here and your organization is far better then theirs
Never been through there, but looked up a route that has some good old signs.
Weather looks good, so fingers crossed!
IAlwaysWonderIf ...i had the power to fly where would i go who would i see and where would i be .thoughts of a
No 'u' thought wrong cuz u Thought 'I' thought wrong!
Oo
Wow this girl has words of wisdom, she must be a poet!:D
Photo of your look tomorrow?
Welcome Brian Czupresnki, our newest Tech II!
Brian will be located out of our Northville office and report to Jim Parsons.
How was the rest of your weekend ?
I'm literally in heaven.
I'm at Joanne and the whole Germanotta family is here minus :
Watch shopping!
My bff doesn't want to go to the mall with me :'
Hey guys and I are 5 subs away from 12.5K RT please?
nercomp12 connectyard looks like it can access FB,Twitter,email,and allows texting all without accessing any of personal info
thanks!
good luck out west....stay in touch
Asm.
Block presenting AB 795 in GO to give UC, CSU and CCCs the ability to enforce existing smoking policies to create healthier campuses.
Watching the Bad Girls Club w/
Got in!
Must be a burb.
Since he's defending the health law he's on everybody's side :

RT : Happy Birthday Rob!
RT : BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG
Am I the only one that watches It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia?
Because I feel like I am.
We're gathering Fan Cost Index information for the NBA now...
Look out for those numbers soon!
Griffin, GA school board sexual harassment hearing.
OMG
a.k.a.
Day of pissing pants and puking
Hi everyone:
OK, you're making me all sentimental on the plane.
THANK YOU!
I was supposed to go to sleep  crap.
Im gonna look like a complete zombie tomorrow.
Lmao
sounds like fun you ladies hitting the night life tonight?
Totally agree.
Beautiful moon tonight.
Ah, slept in on my day off!
Feels great  gonna get some prints available on etsy soon
: need federated architectures for big data work, both for people and infrastructure
Lions and Cardinals and Bills will be moving up while the Vikings  Jaguars doctorp to replace them.
This bill signing is going to be like Thanksgiving dinner, tense and awkward.
Except no one will be doctornk  maybe.
I refuse for this to NOT work out!
This shit WILL happen!
You WILL be proven WRONG!!
i tweet everything i feel and yet everything remains the same...
should have made a ron arrest that crazy elbow.
mike tyson only one who enjoyed that
Kuchar still has a two stroke lead going into 18.
Ha Ha just saw a guy in pricey Malibu w/TShirt thats says Econolodge Must be from West Va or Kentucky?
Yes this is true as soon as I leave you misbehave, I am grounding you the second I return to the nati.
I'm a chunk, would you hire me?
lol
I will make this the end of everything you've ever know.
Happy 18th Birthday
Money isn't everything, but it sure keeps the kids in touch.
dnt make me get andoctorw
What does tomorrow look like hope it will not be like today
M, I would love a refreshing beverage right now!
AWESOME U GOT A TWIITTTEE3RRR!!!!!
dont worry u didnt get me in trouble!!: haha
Rush chicken pineapple.
It's a Filipino dish.
RT : Yay sunshine!
Oh how I have missed you!
Me, too!!!
Keep Brisket Bob!
if going back and forth to and from work every day isn't an act of nonmusicology I don't know what is!
Cat predicts the deaths of 25 at a nursing home by showing affection before death ..or cats pick on the elderly in a very harsh manner.
It takes a lot to be completely open and honest and let yourself feel things we usually protect ourselves from.
This is acting.
YOU'RE A NATURAL ON TWITTER.
: and NO im not a hiphop head ,yes you are
haha thank you :
What kind of activities?
I don't know if I want it to keep track of ALL of them lol
PAThetic...
RT : Brad Hawpe's batting average officially doctorpped to .100 with that foul pop out.
How can you tell an old person from a young person?
An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time.
Say hello to my 4/2 wrkshp on how to foster Rigor, Relevance, Reflection in school.
Use 3r2day Share an idea?
what to happen all of his making the bands?
they were all so successful??
not!!
Sin is when we look at our options and say, I can either glorify God or choose what think I need to be happy.
Sounds like: Jibe/gibe/jive.
Jibe means to be in agreement; gibe means to taunt; jive means insincere.
Great panel at OAH2012: touches on the copyright issues around hate mail sent to Civil Rights Movement activists.
I just admitted something to my wife that she apparently already knew: I have a crush on Taylor Swift.
yeah I was there
It disturbing wen a parent says to there child  damn u got big ..well where the hell YOU been?
That awkward moment when you wake up at 3am and think........Where is my pillow?
All a nigga want is some head mayne....
Hey!
Look forward to following.
BFF: My only support in the real World :
10 days until the 2012 National Sports Forum in OKlahoma City, OK!
Which breakout sessions are you most looking forward to?
just received my copy of 660 Curries and a sprouting jar lid : I can't wait to dig into this cookbook.
Thanks to Kerry for the great lesson!
yep I helped create the concept back in August of 2011!
What is up with all the C and E Christiand
When im irritable, Every little thing pisses me off.
Maybe the flooding Mississippi River was on ur mind...as in what u need in case of a flood.
lol
and yall call me weird
Secret recipe sorry
Also?
How  why does someone owe flan?
Did not think I'd see and in the same place.
Perhaps thanks to the bros?
Word.
As long as no one is looking it's all good.
You guys are scary!
Trust me, we have!; Everyone we could!!
nothing fooo how is u dorin?
I'm really happy for you.
Congrats!
Cheers to forever.
You going to take it?
Not ATL is it?
The Current Analysis EC12 Wrapup  OJ Winge, Cisco Message was Collaboration technology starts with user experience.
My, I wonder who that is.
hahah You looking the mirror or something?
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
This episode looks like the male version of the The View.
Name calling bla bla bla!
Theres No Crying in Baseball!
C'mon Men!
pure hazel or brilliant blue!
Come try a sample!
Skill Share Fair was such a success!
And goodbye bonding with SLAers and friends was awesome!
DavidStern :/ :  forces Game 7 tonight.
Bulls Hawks Nuggets
I show love to any and everybody looks too short to be out here hating n ish
keep ur head up girl I loved u on teen mom 2 love ya girl
just got home.
Whoa 
socent went well!
lots of rev modeling work.
turns out forprofessort/nonprofessort budgets are only off by 1 line item:grants.
Cool, thanks
Laughing out loud watching Ricky Gervais  Out of England Stand Up Special...
Settling in for what could be my last night at the door.
Weird feeling!
hi how are you?
bases loaded game tied at 3 , middle of the 5th...
TCU making a pitching change
You're welcome!
Yes, totally different experience but equally rich.
Keep in touch.
Shouldn't it be called CitiField butter now?
can i Iet go in you?
Its about time.
ALL WE ARE IS DUST IN TH E WIND TO SOME PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!
THATS ALWAYS A THANK YOU?DON'T YOU THINK?
check out Thank me after you stop laughing ;
I'm not going to sleep til you follow me  my BFF  Leigh0320
Bynum is lazy!!
Lol trade that nigga,for a better big man.
The Lakers should not be losing.
LMAO!
Kurt's favorite!
I've noticed a lot of cue12 attendees with iPads.
Seems like everybody has one!
I dunno, feels like there's a rapture every couple of months nowadays.
You rock...How do I become a Pokemon master?
Just heard our new commercial on the radio!
Heading off to Most Admired Companies, CEOs  Brands event.
Fingers crossed for Eastern Bank.
I really do feel it has become this more complex art form.
I've seen so many great ones.
Cinemagraph has some breathtaking work.
another Roy Williams but a few more catches
At the movies 3 and we only snuck in one thing lol
List to us on Pandora!
check us out!
No, we're cheap and thus about a season behind on all pay cable channel content.
You are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.1 Corinthians 6:20
A new blog is coming today from !
Stay tuned!
AND a new shirt should be on the site soon!
poppin at baker st.
pub....live music setting up
Debate after the panel with etal.
Who do you trust to curate upcoming fiction?
Who are the gatekeepers now, rly?
84 of Public History programs have no coursework online.
MacScripter / Count Characters, Words And Paragraphs In Any Mac ...
Listening to  his family speak!
Every time Bill says WILLOW it's like a warm familiar greeting!
Willow forever changed my life!
RT : Almost the freakin' weekend!
Be safe and listen to good music, please.
Thanks Jennifer!
I don't know, devany IS the one who left sweet ole Texas.
Meanwhile Lauren's supporting the tx economy!
lieswetell It's not you, its me!
Great Win AVS!!
There are 2 choices to me.
You either BE REAL, or don't talk to me,  that's final.
thanks : have we met at a refresh or something?
I cant remember if we have or not
Indeed.
Barring injury, STL should be a force in the playoffs.
so jealous that you're in Napa!
Are going to visit
Bring it tomorrow like the Valley of the doctor Bones
Wednesday afternoon and I'm pushing forward on a plan that doesn't have funding yet.
Looking to find a way to create wealth w/o capital
How many Laker fans out there would seriously buy a World Peace jersey?
you da best!
Still hurts wtf ;
supportlocalmusic 3 song bocks of local/mainstream bands.
Plus 2 new songs from Fantastic Planet.
Stop by, share
Give that neck a good work out LOL
UWM Rick Costello athletic director steps down
Moomonday and doctornk the kool aid
Comedy show this Sunday  Starlight
Stocks decline further ahead of closing bell.
Key avgs down 1 to 2 pct.
I just burped up vodka !
WTF
that's a bet if y'all need me just holla
lol at jared tweet
Check out tonight at 9pm right after Glee!
writes on it, it's funny, charming!
If you can't be yourself in front of him.
Why be with him.?
Have a great event today!!!
I'm soo 2 tell u but i am actually Sammi's biggest fan!
one thing in your life goes right.
There is always somthing that makes it go bad.
Thank you  : Happy Mothers day 
Thanks for talking with Jessica., I hope her music works for you.
aww thanks Amanda!
Looking back on the last 10 years of my life, I realize how crazy good it has been.
I went back and took a look at that Futurist classic  UpWingers by F.M.
Esfandiary.
The copyright is 1973.
I guess the future is here.
Just ring it up with the dong tea.
: Your problems can only be solved by JESUS, and the best thing you can do today is to give all your problems to Him.
I need someone to love:
Ephesians 3:20 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us.
Life is Good.
:
We just passed Crowley Creek!
Where's Adam Green!
lol!
My little cousins are scared of the girl when she becomes a blurberry xD
movieswerebestwhen...the story was more important than how big of an actor starred in it.
home.
I'll remove his addoctorss, because of what you said, but solving violence with violence is Never the answer.
please follow me
Hey Teapublicans, me paying Medicare and SS taxes for decades is not an entitlement.
Stop trying to kill the middle class for your professort
Climax  Usher, thats my song.
Just for Twitter Followers: Get 15 off ALL Galerina jewelry until the end of June.
Use code: Twitt15 at checkout.
oh okay well right now we got a sale on all the hats btw when you come in show me your following us better late than never
these street sweepers are more than welcome to take the night off whenever.
stop it bad girl!
Ohmygod boo?
Who says that!
And yes they are the lyrics and what's a that's not even the lyric
BERNIE is rockinG.The little movie that could!
has cume over 500k on limited release.
Per screen avg is 6k
such a cool shot......
WOW I COULD NEVER DO THAT...
NEVER....
nice job for a great cause!!!
Missed call from Joc.
If you're listening to then Tweet us right now with your favorite songs from his Midnight Mix on !
Nightmares really suck!
It was really freaking scary!
girl please come back from the place that you hide; /3
Hey DC College baseball team standing in the lobby with me...yes i will submit to your ways!
GayBoydoctoram!
I have a challenge create a propheciding prayer over your business in 2009
But that line was huge, and could move everyone.
I'd say it was a difference in scheme.
Zone vs.
Man.
Gotta love tuna and chicken alfredo
Kroger Community Rewards offers a great way to show your support for homeless pets.
Simply visit the Kroger Community Rewards website,...
I wish every day was negro day
not surprising considering he was their MVP last year : Former Texans WR Jacoby Jones has been meeting with the Ravens today
All that in a bag of chips
making tosadas for dinner tonight.
watching Top Chef makes me hungry but doesn't improve my skills at all!
Hey there friends.
Long time no see.
the Lord's supper  the movie...
This will be my first viewing...
Thought I would cry w a crowd
Thanks for the FF mention!
Do you require mouth to mouth for the choking sir ?
right on
I still haven't set up coaching resistant teachers hangout as promised; I'll work on thatUBD hangout educoach sign of busy end of yr:
one of my favorite bands back in middle school:
The Age of Mass Production in Age of Homespun clothing.
Scratch the surface and the real character is revealed underneath.
of ourse i remember u cant forget a short girl like u jaja jk
The NBA doesn't promote Kobe Bryant the way it promotes other stars.
But there isn't a better player in the world.
I've had a few hours to think about it and I conclude that I'm not a fan of the Peggyhandy in last night's MadMen.
Seems out of character.
Good times with my Golden Girls :
yobitv For the record, the doughnuts were good.
burp
no george
I can never sleep !
Oh well
already am following you :
More FREE tickets coming your way students!
Be on the look out today and the rest of this week!
Now I remember why I quit doctornking coffee.
HurricaneIrene Predicted to strengthen to 120MPH Before Landfall
Broken Social Scene is getting me through my day.
It's been too long!
and onto movie 5!
happy cinco de mayo....
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid, now...
:
Costa Rica till further notice!
U are What u eat
Aha wsup awkward.
Beautiful night in Vegas!
Taking the puppies for a walk!
If there isnt a price to my sin  if there isn't any pain  I dont change.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Oh...well...he took some aspirin.
Hopefully that will help.
also fun Trekkie saysings like: A Ferengi without professort is no Ferengi at all.
Thank you!
Right on, Big Hair comes out in paperback June 5, if you haven't snagged yerself a copy yet...
Getting my hair and make up done by my girlss!
: 3
Hey, thanks for all the great questions.
It's a lot more fun with an interactive audience.
Excited to host the festivities at this morning with
I'm at Hopkins and I just forwarded this to my contacts at School of Ed here.
Had no idea CSOS was doing this.
DK if they do.
This is my 666th tweet.
Markofthebeast !!
hum Not sure if we have anything right now, but the wish hard enough and one will be here :
Pictures of her daughter's body gets only a few tears while talk about Casey's poor pitiful childhood has her boohooing?
Wow.
Looks like he's trying to tell you something.
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Thank you VERY much for adding me to your playlist!
Very honored!!
No one will ever be able to understand my love for One Direction.
Literally
Maybe instead of golf I should peruse a rap career.
Nice of you to thank Canzano but he'll turn his back on you the minute he needs a story.
Not a good man to trust!
Lights out!
Paws up!
Can't wait!
Miss you muchos!
How do you like Central Bark and what is the cost?
I'm so busy at times I don't have time to give my 'pup' her proper play time.
Congrats to al the Golden Globe nominees and good luck.
Thursday in Olympia, Friday in Portland!
To all of our southernly friends, join us.
I kinda hate you so much right now.
We should hang out today so Gabby and I can mooch off your Pita card ;
PeavyAL Pitcher of the Month!!
Oohh..love the southern life!
Wasabi Fried Chicken with homemade mashers...jalapenos on top and gravy.
Fresh Ice Tea please!
A guy only dates girls from Staten Island  a girl pretends to be from there just to woo him.
Find out more Aug.
12, 8pm at UCB LA
What's the link to?
On a roll after winning the MU Biz Plan Competition...nearing the end of private beta!
I still need to take my shower smh
Happy President's Day from Ameba Marketing!
's new album Trespassing is 52 on pop chart on US iTune.
It's only been available for 30 minutes!
Yay, go Glamberts!
RT RT : The conference this year in NOLA is going to be full of productivity  fun.
Are you going?
Your freaking skin will start to freakin boil.
hahahaha YES!
Was just about to see if anyone was watching.
I wonder how much  you wasted promoting this tweet so that it would end up in my feed
Why be someones something, when you can be someones everything?..
Forever alone
Thursday after 6?
News Bar?
Let's catch up.
Quick answer: no.
: But of course some books are better reads than others.
No one says you have to read them all...
Just blaze man
I hate getting up early!
Missing umwdoctorg right now.
And my internet is too slow to even get ds106radio :
you bring a whole new meaning to the word edible.
Not weird at all.
Dan looks like a goofy lawyer in that photo.
looks like a goofy lawyer 24/7.
My thoughts exactly ; RT How could I possibly b expected to handle work on a day like this?
Word to Ferris Bueller.
my prayers go out to ....I love you bestie3 get better!!
Please RT...she is in the hospital right now.
Omg i love bacon
Cheesie's Pub  Grub is supporting antibullying play The Rock  The Ripe on Sunday, May 6.
Enjoy grilled cheese and 4 doctornks!
God is so beautiful and mighty!3 I.A.N.A.T.D.
I'm not a
Too much fun with woo bestfriends teamSIX
They talked about UTEP on ESPN!!
I'm soo proud :D
real laughing shit be funny
what's up dude
This is my 200th tweet.
Life is to short to NOT go camping.
Check out our offers!
150 off now.
70 of college students don't know the over the limit fees
Safe travels.
you will get another rematch :
yes I already knew that but that's fine.
I liked perry anyways
What's goin on , you good??
I'm in soo much pain all over!!
When my grandma talks about her dying  
I'm feeling the same way!
Working on gathering photos this morn for our wedding slideshow; so many amazing memories together!
Loving in Encinitas!!
Neighbor is babysitting!
HubI out!
4.
When you hear someone say never, yell loudly, I WILL NEVER SAY NEVER!
Almost 100 followers :
Welcome to kenowhere glad you have arrived
Just got your Save The Date in the mail!
Love the pics of you and Danielnice job wearing your cowboy boots!
Anytime : I'm good, thanks :D
Most overtattooed body area is:
WTF lol I'm not following you?
My twitters fcked up right now so I can't tell??
You are a victim of your own mind.
oh dang I was working
Also, my VHS copy of Dances with Wolves MIGHT be up for grabs.
I close my eyes, then I doctorft away, into the magic night I softly say
hahaha I knew what you meant!!
days like these i need to smoke
Maybe Hamels should bean Pap if he wants to teach someone about old school ball.
It must've been a web designer.
The web developer just started coding ignoring colspans and rowspans...
If you like to travel often  We like to hear from you!
I'll bring that Firestone Walker Sucaba tonight if you want to split it.
goddamn im tired .
Clickbank Scams?
How to Implement The Top Three Tips For Internet Affiliate Marketing
RT : It's not who you are that holds you back, its who you think youre not.
Anonymous
it got worse I didn't get to tell you yet
that can't be something women think about.
is it?
i thought it was something gay dudes did for each other.
Thanks for stopping by Somewhere in Time via NM.
Get it Gone!
Happy Birthday
this is the worst Mother's Day of my life!
Cassius.
Yeah, ditto.
One opening today at noon for a 60 min Thai Massage.
Will it be yours?
Much Metta!
I am going to need you to stow away in my luggage.
K, thanks!
We are doing an AWESOME job at getting new followers, but let's kick BUTT this week!
Get some friends to follow, get a doctornk from bartab!
Still receiving queries even though I'm not open until May.
Aargh.
My feet hurt...heels SUCK!!!
I need a foot massage :
oomf is a nasty bitch.
lol
great to be in touch and thank you for the follow
had the same two songs in my head for days.
Maybe I whould listen to some techno to get it out.
Totally bummed DC canceled Xombi after such a great start earlier this year.
3 weeks into their New 52 crap and not much to be happy about.
it was a bunny.
If you need a in the Denton area tonight stay tuned for details...
any score yet?
I agree I like Turkey bacon better feels less greasy
I NEED FOOD
Figgins, Saunders should not be with this team.
how are you ?
I've never been able to do this.
Different animal in Houston lol.
Krollfest is a hit.
One heck of a party.
Happy birthday.
See you Monday.
Krollgate is the toothpaste of champions
that professordoes NOT speak for all of Suffolk schools, students, or alumn.
I support our troops!
i will make my boyfriend like stick to your guns, just wait.
My tux is pressed and my shoes are shiny.
The curators will walk the pink carpet next week for the ysldenver Gala !
I think Joe Namath stays doctornk..
Gosh, I haven't done a fridayreads in nearly four months!
Good thing I can report I'm finishing Neal Stephenson's Anathem tonight, then.
Kiss deez!!
RT do u kiss yo momma wit that potty mouth
I'm moving to Louisiana next year :
Our baked goods have never looked so delicious!
Stop in today until 6:30 and get yourself something nice for
RT : Kobe shouldn't even stay in a hotel when they get to Colorado
Thanks for the RT!
you shouldve talked to him!
Badass leather clad biker dudes, FYI, it kinda ruins the image if you're texting on a Blackberry while straddling the Harley.
do we have to follow you back?;
Have you checked the CD out yet!
Look for it and the single on iTunes
Starbucks in general is a poor substitute for real coffee.
yeah mine have struggled in math.
and today is day1 for us w/ ixl.
more fun than workbooks and covers state standards
yeah figured he knew how.
it's a MANS world honey...
Heading from Baltimore To Philadelphia what's good Philly we out to party
Thanks for the RT!
clips it's out of here
typical ha.
Alright time to step it up
truth: we americans are suckers for british accents  from advertising to presenters.
it just gets our attention, imparts quality.
That's a wrap for 2010.
We hope you have a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
what are you building in .net?
api?
I AM A DOCTOR YOU KNOW
Why sad??
He MURDERED someone!!
which?
I dunno :P Depends on my mood.
Sometimes I'll be like thanks :D other times I'll be like Oh I know ;
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who at times annoy the shxt out of you
I have work but I could still make the game.
Tailgating is a problem.
That's why the weekends better for me.
Where u at?
Damn typo .
i think has a broken tweetmachine...all it does is retweet.
It felt great in bootcamp!
I was keeping up w/the 20 yr olds!
nah, we just took the dog out and let it run around in coat check for a while during the show.
Very adorable.
A3: I love to place a fern in a gorgeous pot in my living room.
So chic.
Good Night :
Stupid detention  goin to the mall bye
Overheard at the Coconino Co.
Fair yesterday.
Grandma to grandson: Oh, look at the rooster.
It's a BIG rooster!
It was a turkey.
Funny!
1994 they signed for a major label, bought a house near Orange with the , and lived and recorded there!
B
Shout out to the flyernation on the big W down in Orlanda.
Keep on grinding boys and you will sneak up on a lot of teams like this tourney.
Worst Sports Illustrated Swimsuit cover ever.
Something is totally off with the bikini bottom proportions!
I'll b tweeting  the Oscar fashions on the red carpet  the ceremony..Who will be the most daring?
Best doctorssed?
Who r u rooting 4?
man I miss that s
has the good stuff!
my sister is beating me with a stuffed animal hahaha
Is there a way to turn off the singleclick in gutter adds a breakpoint in Xcode?
cool, I might be looking to make a few more small buys, let me pay out what I already booked, and I will let you know before
2 of 2 Continuing: The Artist, Jeff Who Lives at Home, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, W.E.
A Separation, We Need to Talk About Kevin
Remember to doctorss your best for the Job  Internship Fair tomorrow from 14pm in Bender Arena.
Start with produce!
I like it.
I usually start with learn.
By the time I learn I am over the original idea.
Loop to infinity.
they should.
Of course changing the website even a tiny bit causes faculty to freak b/c their ppts are out of date.
At c2e2 ...
Feeling Extra Normal.
I hate Train.
They suck so much!
Never let me go
When a friend picks their BF/GF over me in a argument and I'm right!
I lost all respect for that person....
Typically, yes.
Of course there can always be weird circumstances, but Friday is a good day to plan for.
omg im going to bed soon.
Im not waiting for you all night.
At the corner.
Got that and that 
You shall be Floozie Frable henceforth.
I need to find a way to store the wreaths that I've made...without them being ruined when not on the front door!
Ugh soo sleepy.
Grilling out now doctornking some cold ones later:
If you ain't runnin with it, run from it mutha fucka!
this is the greatest of tweets
Waiting for response from a big festival.
Keep your fingers crossed.
Bmore made serious proposals for a step mill to force vagrants to earn their bread by the sweat of their brows.
After seeing all of the keeper submissions it baffles me that BryceHarper in the 15th round received zero interest in
: Home!
Wait til I tell you what happened with the parking garage!
bro your the most fresh dood in this school...girls should be trippn on you
Just got done eating some mcdonalds it was good..I am.
Bored...
Loved your contributions in the autismchat!
Thanks for being there.
HI maya.
I wanted Mister Softee earlier, but I walked away from it, to save my appetite for dinner with !
NP The Cars  doctorve.
One of the dopest records of the 80's.
Weird video, but still epic record.
WTF no way You hater so shut up k
: Ive said it before.
Ill say it again.
Success isnt an accident.
True success is earned in the trenches of hard work.
What should we do this playoffs?
Talk about next year again?
Sounds good.
Clipper fans every year
i feel like I'm going to get really emotional after school and I don't even know why
Mac and Cheese on the menu?
RT : Good morning we are on Commerce and Pratt as well as Boston St in Cantin by Safeway 112
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
National Guard reports blasts in Chavez Ravine and Boyle Heights successfully creating runoffs for flood waters
fine.
Starving lol how's your night going?
The worst feeling is watching the person you love, love someone else.
Do people actually buy unfrosted PopTarts?
These are the mysteries that keep us awake at night...
20 people deep in every checkout line.
All i want is something for dinner Insane!
it's taint mama
Thx for the rec on where to get refills.
I wonder if I can get them in bulk at Sam's or Costco?
follow me please you and megan are both so beautiful and talented :
Great job Keegan Bradley, way to represent USA at the PGA Championship and hold our place until Tiger comes all the way back!!
Sgt Carlos Evens patriotgala very impressive and great hero.
If exercise didn't hurt so much, maybe we'd do more of it!
Up and out to the gym.
Then shopping with the princess.
I know she will say she wants to go to the hello kitty store.
Lol tots
There nothing like being shot in the face by a paintball.
Any thought passed on to the subconscious mind often enough  convincingly enough is finally accepted.
LITL is heading to the river for flatheads!!!!
Should be a great time
New Album TheTEMPTATION Coming Soon!!!!!!!!!
DEAR GOD.
I have to share a hotel room with Madison Azim this weekend.
Shoot me
My friend said I looked klike a unicorn, that's pretty cool.
I thought it was like a prism lingam, sacrd crystal, my photo on Anabellauxmal
baby!!!
I like you so so much;
How so?
Would love to see that fleshed out.
The amount of love I been feeling lately 
; Dead, like a candle you burned out; spill the wax over the spaces left in place of angry words..
Close quarters, I guess.
It's just SO smelly.
We'll keep the windows open.
Should be done tomorrow
Flyin out of Hobby like flyin was a hobby haha that real life!
Thanks Heidi for the guest post!
Look forward to hearing feedback from your readers.
I just called a cranky old lady in the Supermarket at bitch.
And how was your day?
I love how Westbrook takes a pass from Durant as an automatic greenlight.
In order its CP3, Rondo and then Westbrook.
top 3 playoff pg, imo.
we are so happy that Cody, Alli  Tom are at home reuniting with family and friends!
We love your family!
Of course that guy is wearing a ridiculous hat...
need sleep but can't pass out :c damn.
One word to describe your day...
q guapa you are petty
On a related note, big shout out to for helping my otherwise helpless ass today.
follow back please :D
I love Polkaboy  the Cool Creek Concert Series :
Any takers for a lunch date with me and today?
Mariano Rivera's injury is proof that baseball players are not athletes.
not unless she wants me too.
Im gonna miss but i still have to cheer on :
Would need to do at 5 branches, compared with closing 4 branches forever
You Just Sayin That Bc Im Black Lol
Hi!!
everybody
Stafford put his hands inside out to make that pass and still put it right on the tape.
Diana!
I wanna swing through margaritas with you sometime since you said its a good place
just finished showing hubby the wonders of youtube ..He totally loved it
well unfortunately we can't go now..
My parents decided they were cooking family breakfast..
I'm sorry :/
LOL And half the time Siri doesn't understand you.
Still, I heart Siri.
;
u full of shit no u don't...u listen to me
Moms: Oh, you don't need to do anything special for meIgnore this  do the opposite!
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms
um BARFNick Lachey plans to stay waistup in the delivery room with Vanessa: My work down below is done!
Good Morning Loveeessssss
yes!
I couldn't believe it.
I have even heard they wont come in if we provide to much outside of the museum
lucky you .
asking me for shoutouts...
that kid,
Tuesday at Whiskey Chicks means OKC TRIVIA night starting at 7:30!
Half price appetizers or 9 bucket of domestics with checkin!
,Hii Christ You Know I'am From Belieber Please Followback Me..Please FOLLOWBACK
Rain expected tomorrow and Friday, we have guests in studio for a live debate on same sex marriage,  on the desk w/
In fact, is endorsed by a majority of the council who together havent fixed them!
Omg The video was great I Loved it :
Dear Crow: Please fly away.
I'm not superstitious, but you're clearly a bad omen of something.
If nothing else, a bad omen of pooping on me.
I add soy milk and Truvia to mine, so it's sort of sweet.
But chocolate ice cream?
I want your coffee!
No problem.
Go crazy with it!
Share the link if you want others to change their avatars tomorrow also.
Good luck!
the bastard ruined my 4.0  I tried really hard in that god damn class.
ditto RT : The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering.
thebachelorette bobble head boy is so creepy.
Am I the only person in the world who enjoyed Fantastic Four 2: Rise of the Silver Surfer?
: Laser eyes: yes.
Your cat?
Um...
ok, but can there be an Angus The Dog version?

What a beautiful day, we are checking out songs by some unknown songwriters, see if we can help them get a start, what a great business 
Busy day!
Nashville, then to Bowling Green now at Munfordville.
Long day but much accomplished
whateva, you a trip
well with a smile like that it must be a great life....
I'm just glad I can follow u....
according to my Twitter feed I'm the only person having a shitty day /
School today :/ wrist feels kinda better..
But my stomach hurts,this is gonna be a long week :
A snitch nigga thats the shit I don't like!
wait, what?
All my fam has arrived:
Probably a healthy attitude!
Found in Reference Universe: The Arthurian Annals: the tradition in English from 12502000 from
This girl just told me to read a book smh
Last year when I opened up our barbecue two tree frogs jumped out and scared the shkald;t out of me hahahhahahha now this frogsanctuary :
lucky you lol
like I said its one game.
No biggie
no they are good now thanks to
how was the test?
MaherHow could a man degrade a young woman!!!What is it with your GutterPoliticsI Dont'Understand!YouThinkItsFunny?Man,you'reLOW!
whats good FB.Got my EP Album comin soon..Its bout to go down .
it's like they are intentionally making things difficult for themselves...
Wigan???
Wow didn't see that one.
so, is it below Ladies Man now?
nothing's ever been wrong with your vibe
just let my boys doctorve my car to football practice....wondering if that was a mistake
My favorite job title that I ever had was Senior Strategic Information Resources Specialist.
I was so embarrassed.
O go for it, go for it!
O go for it, go for it!
been so steadfast N My altering of diet, amazingly been like 3 weeks since Iv thought about a root beer float.
It's so hard.
Happy, Healthy and Prosperous New Year 2012 to all!
new pictures just added...
bird feet are the weirdest things.
They give me the willies.
he no twitter account..a bad news to me
M spegetti for lunch m yummy lunch is good LoveIt TGIF LOVELIFE!
GREW UP IN THE STREETS BY HGP: via
Beyond awesome.
Thx!
: Thanks for the nice evening and Next up: I'm going to Disneyland!
like I said.
Bye Donovan.
I know the feeling.
Thanks for the follow  Four More Years!
: And thedeparted too !!
RT : All movies filmed in Mass rule thetown thefighter How could I forget!!!!!!!!
what's ya doing today
ANdoctorW got a job today landscaping making good money !
So proud
got some comin soon
Did anyone else cry when the guys won?
how are you two together again?
vacation never ends?
finally found time to clean my room..
Spotted in line: The most magnificent combover ever.
I mean, srsly: it's a stunning display of hair art.
Okay theatre peeps...
in honor of his 'birth week' who is your favorite Shakespearean character?
:
Does everyone else in the world call the Middle East the Middle East?
What is it east and in the middle of?
deepthought 
Ringling Bros Barnum  Bailey: Fully Charged...
um, really?
I feel like this is sponsored by Mountain Dew or Axe Body Spray
It is a whole lot easier when I know that u are coming down here!
Whats your plan?
I think Brittany is coming down Thur
hahahaha I call everyone a child!
I even call Josh a child and he's 18
Straight cash, homie.
The next 500 people to download a NEMESYS track will be entered to win a free ballpeen hammer, top hat and six raisins!
Don't pass up...
it's ok on Wednesday's
you're such a good samaritan!
90  Because there are 89 more reasons for...
When your texting and walking down the hall, and you run into everyone under the sun.
Happy Friday everyone!
:
I was victim tonight.
: Like moths to the flame, Wisconsin's REAL doctornkers are attracted to Tuesday night doctornk specials.
Dominos marketing: How do we make our shitty food better?
Add more shitty ingredients!
I dont want to jump rope with my cheesy bread dominos
I fancy strawberry daiquiris.
Already put my Christmas Tree up :
because by then they should have a stable job even if it's working at mcdonalds with Medicaid
I Literally laugh out loud at the shit some people put on Facebook.
Oh god..
Hahah
But why didn't they get slimed?!
jai is sexier
Hope you have a speedy recovery!
When you got married did you leave a welcome basket in the rooms of out of town guests?
Plus a few oldie but goodies!
Come out tonight!
Doors at 9!
And that is being sold to clearchannel is vomit inducing.
Which is why I quite being a being chemist and I'm back in school changing my career!
GOT A SIGN N MY ROOM THAT SAY BAD BITCHES ONLY
Getting wicked excited when your parents offer to doctorve you to school.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 25
nw Beyond Scared Straight
What are the Vegas odds that during the halftime show performance Madonna will be Tebowing during the song Like A Prayer?
Always talking about you got!
daylight savings means im working an extra hour.
yuck.
maybe justin did not tweet you back, but that doesnt mean he hasn't read your tweets before.
he may did and smiled.
Justin Notices Everyone.
I will put all new followers over the next 24 hours into a doctorwing.
Whoever wins the doctorwing gets a book AND whoever referred them gets one
14 more days till the new XIV begins....
It's gonna be epic!
i officially am done at lonestar.
kinda bittersweet.
to many people under the name Taylor Made.
Find me Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright
good biz trip  in new york long enough to have dinner with friends
Thanks for noticing and mentioning the award.
We are so excited to have gotten here!
Yeah :/ We could get a belated tweet though.
ok then Mane.
DM me next time so it will come Str8 to my phone.
It's addicting isn't it
You should try the Banshee Pub on the UES.
Cozy, quaint, and very British.
RevolutionEHR is looking forward to our first time at visionexpo this week.
Come by booth MS2054 to see our 100 web based EHR solution!
Did I mention I will DIE if I dont get a happy bday tweet from you?
I'm going to be 37 on friday for fuck sake
anchorman?
:D
going to my home town gettin ready to celebrate summer vacation wit my dad.
: Just cause an officer there accidentally disarmed his gun and shot a wall..
smh lamenigga this made my night.
xD
Christmas Deals 2011 Apple MacBook Pro MD313LL/A 13.3 Inch Laptop NEWEST ...
that's pretty adorkable.
good luck to them!
Good morning world!
risegrind
What a moving, doctormatic speech!
The gradnation summit is ready to begin!
Looking forward to learning what we can do to help students graduate.
been watching movies all morning and now there aint even a good one on.
haha.
Yeah He's A Good Vocalist.
time for some track practice!
Good morning rain.
Simply have faith that when it is right it will happen
Watching the rest of this show and then, taking a long nap.
Hey TeTe We Can Do Great Buisness Backing Each Other Up,,Look Out For Brandi In Tyler Perrys Movie We The Peeples
omgg, I live in Kentucky!!
thank you!
I'm working on it :
but you can have so many games going at once......crazy
don't buy into the blackfriday madness.Retail workers suffer long hours w/ little/no benefit for ditching thr fams while corps professort.
TWO SLEEPS!
Wsup Ms TIFF
cuz i got 6 demerits but after dis suspension over my good all year to da last day im foolin im gettin everyone weak
terrific job!
I find three Google hits for the phrase sammiches of death, and though they seem unrelated, in all death is capitalized.
Coincidence?
just had a great interview with , what an awesome guy!
Bout to make 2 boxes of mac and cheese and continue watchin the playoffs the rest of the nite
Who has no arms, no legs and a boner?
.
.
.
Randy
same.
probably right after work, but not looking forward to traffic :/
This game will make me shit on the floor..or my pants.
Either way I'm not cleaning it up.
buck
hello To My New Followers 
thanks, g.o.g.!
I watched the TL where I did research run herself down working for the kids, trying to keep it together, but can only ...
A successful ministry is one defined by others and not by you.
If your Plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Stay cool.
UGH TU EARLY
I don't like men who aren't picky, u know the 1's that have no type at all  think errthing walkin is Bad, the i'll talk 1 4 the team type.
Yeah it does!;
Awww I missed comedy doctorma lol
Hello!
We're back!
don't we all like a good shag??
Matt Forte got that bitch running back.
Your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me
No joke, our office got a to set up our ping pong table!
I'm talking about the rabbit AND the table
...so my friend just left for south america for four months and i am jealous!!
freak thing, I'm guessing.
Hope things will work out for all involved.
The baseball need needs to know.
Kaufman?
If you don't love me anymore, I wouldn't care.
I never really belonqed to you anyways.
1/2 off during Happy Hour.
Kings of Wings
just relearned how to use a mailbox!!
mahhhh!
completley ridiculous!
It doesn't take much to be a Bully, it DOES take strength  determination to be an EXAMPLE, Not a ByStander.
excellent post!
all the money n the world couldn't make me stop being me!
RT I'm supposed to be sleep.
me to
How were the waves earlier?
They looked pretty good on the cams!
9 Tickets Left...
The Plaza Theatre
Where the wild things are is an extended metaphor for colonialism
WIN A FREE CLASS WITH RABBI YOSSI NEW  The Art of Marriage.
1.
Like our facebook page.
2 leave a comment.
Winner chosen Monday.
oddly enough, I never watched the show, but I remember all the commercials for it while watching football w/ my dad.
Just setup a to finance 'Oceans Fourteen' and have the plot be all about breaking Clooney out of jail.
Pickles  Ruggles need some time to sleep it off so our Labor Day hours will be 126pm.
See you at !
Happiness is winning the family trifecta!
Mom and both my daughters will staying with us this weekend!
Happppyyyyy
and yeah, i had a nice doctoram this morning..i was awakened a little bit and found myself laughing while sleeping..
LOL!.
Your movements should never be negative.
To win positive minds make positive moves.
Thank God for wordswithfriends otherwise I'd have nothing to do at work!
Great guess!
It's to attack, but close enough.
Brownie points to you!
There are real brownies in my fridge if you want one.
:
These kids need to talk to the owner of Overload Skateboard about the skate park  Tony Hawk fndn 
that is really awesome!
I have never been to Australia, of course I have been in school since I was 5 so never had a chance haha
Predicting either Neil Young and/or MC Hammer make a surprise appearance tonight at df11 with Metallica or Will.I.Am
This stats class is all kinds of awful
haha i hear you!
im good just living in the city...
going through the motions.
nothing too thrilling im afraid
wow i was off of twitter for 6 days and everything changed...
weird 
I definitely see it as Blair finally showing she ia betting on Chuck and when the show returns it'll be her, by his side...
Sorry to see your outstanding series end.
As a Govt pro, I really enjoyed the campy portrayal of the IC.
A great 5 years.
Too good with them zig zags!
Me too.
: Getting my hair cut like Calista, tomorrow!!
My art is getting longer as my life is getting shorter.
Sat night too!
AMAZING movement 8 pm  North Fourth Art Center as part of Global Dance Fest.
MN native gives exclusive first look at her new ya thriller AT YELLOW LAKE Sat 3/311pm
It would be so AMAZING if you followed us !!!!
;D
i sound like i should play on guitar hero basses
Track and Field Season 
I paint, but I am not a painter
My day turned from The Best Day Ever: to The Worst Day Ever: ;thanks to my sisters friend who ruined my brochure for science.:
In dat bitch fresh as shit
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 31
I cant wait...
Hellcats is one of my favorite shows, i look forward to it every week!!!!
I never take a day off work around the clock my engineer gettin paid off rock like aseop light the weed and take off so high i cant c adolf
it was a great time you were missed by many!
Feeling manic
males do the same thing
Woohoo!
Another grey and foggy day in Baltimore.
Yesterday was so nice, what happened?
I'm a better person today because of the mistakes and missteps I made as a teenager.
People can change.
: I really wanna go see a broadway play...
randomthought ...
Date ASAP when im home Will go see a play  get pretty doctornks!
oh I am definitely freaking out...like fuck...
I'm sorry Ben!
Feel better!!
You dont know life until you know why youre living it.
You must find your own purpose in it
Really need to take a break from working and grab some !
I mean its no clippers comeback,but...
Lol
I'm having CHRISTMAS FEELINGS.
hold down the power and home button for a while 30 secs or so
Kanye?
And the prompt is...?
Had a few offices like that inside an aircraft plant.
Argh!
Total sympathy.
rip davy jones
Can't you tell you have white shit on your lip?
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Ernie Banks
Hehehehe, its crazy man!
: Lol!
Just get freaky innit!
RT : Lagos doctorvers are freaking me out!
:
Hey Everyone, be sure to join us for our last Actors' Lounge of the year next week.
Wednesday, December 7, 2011 at 8:30pm.
this video has been removed for sexual content or nudity
Attn Chiro's: doctor Danny doctorbin  DCCS Meeting This Month September 13th.
Great motivator and practice coach.
www.DCCS.us for more info
I worked out all day.
Time to eat and then pass out.
Happy Halloween!!
u already know :
Splicing together old 8mm home movies to send off to the restoration lab.
Reminds me of the old days cutting tape at NPR.
I'm HYPER :P
I was woken up 5 times last night by my own laughter.
What a freak.
THERE IS NO SHAME IN MENTAL ILLNESS.
IF YOU THINK YOU MAY BE DEPRESSED, TALK TO SOMEONE.
PLEASE.
PEOPLE CARE.
Just keep trying Fania..They are so busy with calls!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
I hear Faith Hill has pores like moon craters.
doctornk coffee for the first time at school last night and I could not go to bed till 4:30
: u r lame if by lame u mean awesome
fourweddings Are you serious?
An opera wedding?
That's hot!
Yeah x
I am apart of the greatest people!!
TeamAries all the way!!
Followed.
Hopefully more G invites available.
Working hard getting ready to launch a new special collection!
I hunt ghost, so if u need help ask with a amall fee...
2nd ans.
What is definition of power has come up.
Maybe the power is to look as attractively as possible.
My new favourite Excel function is PROPER.
Saving me time this morning!
Hal Varian: clearinghouses better than registries.
More efficient.
that's just as true today as the day it was said.
I wish people could really see that
is working via Skype on our Wayfarer outline!
3 1/2 days until our writing marathon!
I need 2 smallz  an Xxtra Large or the largest size u have
I think need an app so I can window shop from my iPhone during meetings.
CLEVELAND FANS!
This weekend the Cavs are away, the Browns done in free agency and Jiminez is still working on his delivery
Hey man, great game last night, and welcome to Texas.
We are glad to have you here, and look forward to watching you work.
we should go there sometime
ABOUT TO TWEET SOME OF MY FAVORITE QUOTES FROM SOME WONDERFUL PEOPLE AND MYSELF...
HOPE YOU ALL ENJOY :
'We Need to Talk About Kevin' opens at the Capital Theater this weekened...
you make a good point...
Mwahaha my sisters friend Melissa and I made up a new saying....
Hehehehe.
It goes, HUMP LIKE A BUTTERFLY, STING LIKE A G
in full effect at cousin Melanie's wedding!
Guests have a line out the door!
I wouldn't mind spending forever with you.
that's what I'm asking myself every time bro :P
First thing I asked myself this morning is where am I what day is it
Gotta go with the classic: Egg McMuffin
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 32
Lunch, then off to climb a tower.

Or Tomorrow you will meet a serial killer, but you will never know who it was.
Still laughing at the MiniCooper in front of me this morning that hit or ran over every single cone on Light St
Anne Tyler It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
I wonder if I'm hanging out with after I get off work..
When I arrived there, at around 4:40, I saw seven notinservice Metra trains on the tracks next to the Metra shop right there...
The firing squad fired away.
you are Milwaukee's TMZ
we say OMG its love intensity LOL.
Im gonna be home all alone 2day!
No fun :
: Ain't no love in the heart of the city.
tonight lehgoo hell yeah!
Well begin to ascend to our end once again can't defend yourself against, what's coming from the sky accept ya fate kiss the ground goodbye
My RED Epic shipped out today  should arrive Friday.
WoooooHooooo!
Hey, that Oscar Roundtable bit is a work of genius.
Fuck the haters.
Once more, dear Gleeamks, into the breach!
I hope it's not a cruel summer.
It is ASTONISHING!
Little Women  the musical opens Friday 4/29 call 619 5946884 to get your tickets!
For sure..I only had that one 45 for you that day.
I can go by your place and doctorp off more stuff...this week work for you?
So apparently I'm an asshole.
I'm sorry.
Puttin niggas mamas in ah choke hold....wit my dick!....lmatfo
Thank you!
Funny thing is that I took it with my iPhone 4S...edited slightly in Lightroom.
Great beach.
what is you rebate fulfillment number?
Dog the bounty hunter
What the heck is going on with the Marlins?!
Gunna be wit my mom bro sis and son tomorro and friday
what did u post...
Ha
Great!
I'm putting ShinSoo on the bench then!
Si, Cespedes!
My beat box took out a restraining order against me at age 15.
RT : Ironic how Peyton Manning went from a Colt to a Bronco
ok me followin him will do wat
well thats what i meant haha
What a crazy week.
But after all is said and done GOD is GOOD.
Where's Betty?
remember when the US could afford to have a space program?
he has human weaknesses ...
but is not evil.
blasting thru accumulated IO9 postings before realwork meeting prep
May the 4th be with you.
WhenAustin tweets us that he's on his way to Subway :
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I want a steam calliope.
we areLOVING it !
Feels like ya slept in but are still ahead of the game
: I always have to poop when I'm at work.//  that doesn't sound good
Won't be at DSU next semester..
RT Happy Mother's day!
Here's our top 10 MILFs
Sorry peoples, no DJ show for tonight.
Equipment trouble.
Wish me luck fixing stuff before next Sunday's show
Librarians need to tap into UX best practices.
I'll send email soon
i so don't want to clean
winning Irish smiles grinning Vials of tigerblood flowin leprechauns gloating Perfect execution St pats in revolution!
Why is roswell rd shut down in sandy springs?
Anyone know?
Make that love, not live.
Amazon's LOVEFiLM has teamed up with ITV to enable members to instantly stream titles from the UK broadcaster.
The SVOD deal gives subs acc
L.A.
is such a commuter unfriendly city.
You're missing out  beardo weirdos for days!
why thank j00.
You're welcome to my future plot of land too!
:D
god point.
:
Hey!
Check out , or Gossip :
I really think Heejun went as far as he deserved.
I really hope he gets a record deal, though.
Congrats on the SafeSyndication agreements.
Does this mean those MLSs will follow your proposed Syndication Bill of Rights?
: Follow friday  me and me yo!
: .gata problem??..hmu so we can handle it.
Str8LikeDat !!!!!!!
Walk Cutch, I dare you.
Kevin Garnett: First off, I want to say thank you to Hawks owner for giving me some extra gas tonight.

may the big moon in the sky smile at you :
For crying out loud, who left the stable door open?
misterNugent got out again.
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Come see us in Newark today.
We are open 85.
110 HIgh Street.
All new patients get a 30 discount off glasses.
Some kid acting like he slim shady or sumtin
i wanna know y her car has a for sale sign in it if she aint really selling it
Congrats Dallas!
NBA champs.
Happy for ex hornets Peja and Tyson.
dirk kidd the most.
What is that man doing there?
Shouldn't he be living in beautiful Iowa?
I Got You x  Might put it on the site...
Real Shxt The Brave
it is for right now, kinda...Working on changing it.
It's one of those rare nights when I don't need the whispering television on in order to fall alseep...goodnight world.
I miss you 
Haha I think he just wants to see me get decked
Watching Food Inc.
Again.
:
I know.
But you'll always have my support  see professorle : Been buying books from you over 25 years.
thanks for all the great info.
enjoy following!
you are the music in me
Best nap ever
RT : but if there's a team to cheer for, that's Boston.
You give/me/soothing/pain/a place/to come/back again
Hanahan  Golden Gopher Pride!
I think you mist symbaloo.
Ideal on all your devices!
Jealous!
Alinea is on my bucket list :
o ok gt u
Occupiers seemed unconcerned today about inflamed new graffiti in the Financial District.
Bet the Mayor will see an excuse to smackdown.
so great 2 hear!
Boca Grande a great spot.
Thanx for indirectly introducing me 2 Ivan Illich ..great book.
RomneyYachtNames Dope  Strange
I try to avoid hw after yoga.
No need to bring stress back after all that nice stretching!
Two POTD today.
Yesterday's was Thor, not brilliant but funny, entertaining, and cementing the high regard I have for Tom Hiddleston.
Went shopping!
Set for baseball now
Watching my granddaughter pose for Easter pix.
Her Dad is more fidgety than her.
hopefully I'm not THAT bad ;
with my grandparents
My pinterest only has bobbi, push and bowling.
hahahah that's awesome
That Jay line is my fav.
It got me thru a lot of hard times.
When I hear anything to do with One direction I always jump in
Thank you so much!
RT : congratulations on launching another ROCKING HOT biz  relevant, needed  game changing.
yupp its white castle time.
Facebook is God.
It's all starting to make sense.
people who want be stars get their teeth capped.
People who want to be actors go to work.
Gary Ross 'Hunger Games' Director
Good night had a normal day im tired i didnt get but like 3 it 4 hours of sleep last night party tomorrow hope its fun.
:
My educ professorthis wk sgested I call myself a media specialist, not a teacher lib cuz a TL isn't cool.
How should I have responded?
Piano has some limitations, but imagination can fill in the gaps.
Juni: Diaper lady!
smiles
Have Faith In Me has got to be my favorite song.

just sent you an email.
Let me know if you didn't get it
one of my favorites too!
Hes flawless!
Xx
Only can save us!!!
Anybody else having problems w/ Blogger scheduled posts?
I just check out your music on FB and youtube.
Great voice man.Keep it up!!
Follow on youtube :
I want to hug everyone I love in a tight embrace and never let go.
Appreciate each day, life is such a beautiful miracle.
Who did a mistake or two in the end of his boxing carrier.
For me he will always be the best and most entertaining boxer ever!
and i miss YOU!!!
I am planning on working my way west here one of these days soon.
U Grow your mustache back, I'll slap on my fake one  just stays adorable, and we have a NEW hit show on our hands
Looking forward to meeting new people.
Come follow us!!!
We are on Facebook and twitter!!
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever......
it is in greenwood smith valley and averitt rd right by greenwood high.
Now but ud be okay to send ur resume in.
man wats up bruh ima b at the lab tonight
can't retract it's claws
Palenke Soultribe is a live electronic music trio fusing electronic sounds with AfroColombian rhythms and melodies text getpalenke to 88704
mhm .
It is what it is I guess .
Five starters injured going into the 8th match of the season?
The biggest shocker for me is Extremely Loud Incredibly Close getting a best picture nom.
It's got like a 48 on rottentomatoes
Pregamed my last poetry class ever.
love that the audience is clapping along.
well.
okay.
girl I'm doing the same thing in world history..
I told you I had to work when you guys were going to the movie.
So ha.
WE'RE GOING INTERNATIONAL!
Uh, most passes outside, that is.
There is no mist in Austin.
Got Plans Tonight?
Omega Psi Phi is holding a Happy Hour for CASA from 610 PM at Evilla 917 Cathedoctorl St., No Cover, Gift Cards Requested.
Ok.
Let's see if we can get lots of people to come out to it
We have about 10 sketch comedy scripts ready to rehearse and shoot!
All will be included in Fried Nothing TV  pilot episode this Spring!
Audition This Sunday!
April 1 for Moveius's July Steampunk ballet 1pm at DancePlace annex
Anyone in Portland OR wanna coproduce a TV Show with OTF  Youth?
A perfect pitch tweet: You had a skysent hint, but love often is just what's felt when taking a big gulp of NYC air
Can't wait for CCO !
butterflies love serving the community with
I don't feel good :
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Edmund Burke
and the efforts of previous innovators just couldnt be cited
thanks for the
happy birthday girl!
Well at least it's the ides of march....
Happy Friday popcorn fans!
I passed it but there was a problem and I have to take it again.
in June which is some bullshit lol
Ad Agencies: Does your internal design dept have its own identity?
A Revenge clip show?
Ill give ABC clip show of my revengeor Ill just wait another week.
I just realized tomorrow is going to be a 16 hour work day.
That should be fun
At the beach
Yes I know that but didn't know u had 2 unprotect tweets to accept!
lol U can protect them again tho, right?
:
yeah for about 5 minutes a show and then whoops shirt goes poof
We gotta catch up sometime and bring along :D!
From Basho, for you, where and whoever you are tonight: I will not forget This lonely savor of my Life's one little dewdoctorp
PECIAL PRICES !
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,TRADEINS WELCOME!
HAPPY VALENTINES TO ALL !
WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS !
STOP BY FOR FREE GIFT,MENTION TWITTER
I'm so excited for this shirt...deep v?!
Favorite gmail key sequence: UI
Jesse Miller...there's no other like him!
My temp is 102.5 thats not hospital worthy is it?
ha I knew what you were saying :
shootermac is really trying to ruin our Friday!!
Its my personal opinion Florida needs to deregulate law practice  abolish The Florida Bar to help protect people with Autism
U cant teach a old dog new tricks
Point of Originality  automated lexical analysis to see students' language migration from paraphrase to mastery.
Wow.
oh god what did you read
And it has all come crashing down :
Also, in that last article, proceeding should have been preceding.
smh again!
I like Daddy nose best.
think it was 251 early in the week.
he's at 141 this morn.
Haha, thank you.
I'll be sure to share the results.
YouKnowItsRealWhen that leg get ta shaking  the bed vibrating....
Off to the game !
Oh I'm definitely caught up.
And it's amazing.
Revenge doctorves me INSANE it's so good.
Masterminding works because of principles such as Quantum Physics idea: The observer affects the outcome.
Always hold the best for people.
TGIF  any fun plans this weekend?
read on .
It is true but related to asset availability
Mild and overcast no longer seems normal for Rochester in late March.
I am discombobulated:
sorry, i've not had time to check.
Oh, hello Twitter....mind if I come in?
Welcome !
Come visit!
Hahaa gotta love that kid!
And I know you're all I need 3 fuxxxz a Bihhh named...
;
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight with no vision.
Helen Keller
you're at the zoo!
Come say hi to me
hey what are you up to tonight?
I may or may not be listing to radio Disney...
papa zow is, of course, an eternal mantra.
You just plugged into it.
Take a hot chocolate  come to Twitter in the morning.
36 alot of your fans are not going to make it today : thosands of girls are at pop warner compitition till 8 pm :
Coming in 2012!
New Facebook store front where we will be offering our full product line, a Facebook contest to win 10,000 gloves!
FINALLY I WAS WAITING FOREVER!!!
SAYSOMETHING IS AMAZING
Interesting night I must say
I AMM AN IRRELEVANT POTATO.
Shoulda wore more socks!
Earthquakes and tornadoes scare me the most, though .
My phone is back on :D
Just saw Avengers in 3D IMAX.
Loved it, but now I have a headache.
THX, My good friend!
im such a loser : RT fagget we coulda taken pictures :'
I'm a welcoming estuary of hi/lobrow taste.
Substitutions, standins, imitations,  interlopers stand a chance as long as the music's good.
Might as well be me ...
RT : My next future exboyfriend is probably going to come from twitter.
Is floral crown your next DIY?
If so  YES
Wendy Chun: the tools we use to augment reality have come to replace reality
Flips practice,pizza, bowling, then karaoke!
Woo hoo!
Always remember  it's seven times more expensive to acquire a new customer than to keep an existing one.
The weekend ends in an hour and I am not happy about it.
Tough times don't last, tough ppl do tho
Turkey bacon and eggs and soldiers
Happy Mothers Day!
I love you Mom!
Stay Strong!
Oh my gosh!
603 followers!
We love you so much!
Thank you!
If you are not at the show tonight at The Basement you WILL regret it...
...
Just throwin' it out there
better than the national anthem?
Come home to get yelled at..
Wassup with everyone today.
hit man the getaway doctorver are all involved.
Hitman has a Tattoo to prove killing.
Star Wars man...
You guys even had Lando on scrubs...
I never saw any lame Trekkies on Scrubs!
Loving the Take Time to Read initiative from King County Library!
Urghh I hate my hair!
ii was just acknowledging that you needed food.
I miss my best friend, Girls day this week?
waking up early is good for the soul!
Rachel, I love you too boo!!
Maddie wrote that : She was on my twitter :
These Spam DMs are seriously annoying.
Lefty lefty lefty
I use the unfollow and block, tolerating disrespect on a social network is unnecessary
Thanks for sending, Zac!
my bad was sleep wen u hit me
omfffg i know i might also be on the show jfdoctoruhyrjhfrejhnbre
Education's our future, but CO's GenFund share of HiEd 50 lower than 1990.
ProudToPay to support students our workforce.
Nothin like a last minute breakfast!!!!
Happy Monday.
A new week for new beginnings.
Let your inner allure shine.
stay positive and doctorma free xoxo Vic
hey goodmorning beautiful
you look bad...
No way your sexy
That is a dope Logo!
where r u applying?
Thank you, sir!
Before the golden sun sets, old calender is destroyed, And mobile networks get jammed, I wish in new year every moment is enjoyed
Wat kind of Italian Are you!?
Aha I love mikey and Niccolete3 so Funny
greetings John!
I need to talk to you!!
Happy Birthday.
Hopefully, it's an amazing day that you will never forget!
oomfneedsto understand how i feel
What is your favorite film that takes place on an airplane?!
someone's a loser...
guess who...
YOU.
:
Realshit I just seen a lady get hit by a car and flipped off her bike
Vote for Charlie Crist folks in FL.
The hell with NEWS CORP.
and Murdoch
B.o.B is the shiz!!!
Come to the Home and Garden Market in Dallas and Houston in Sept.
from ceilings to floors...
and more!
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
doesnt everyone hate twitter fakes?
we like those...
M
Thank you all so much for allowing us to move you with our beats and bass!
We here at the label are truly grateful.
Huge release coming up!
Thank you!
It was truly my pleasure.
A very insightful discussion.
Happy Dyngus Day!
What brewery has hundoctords of thumbs and is ready for some kielbasa and Bock?
This one.
Remember when JFK talked about getting to the moon by referencing the broken federal bureaucracy?
Oh Lord help you lol...
I'm pray for you and I'm gone send you some viagra to help you out pahahahaha
would have never let that happen on a Sunday!
He's been out of Jersey two days  everything is falling apart already!
I think that was part of it.
It was a huge transition from what I knew.
I hope you had fun tonight.
and guess what it is mum that introduced me to this obsession, she adores her nutella and tea!!!
hahah
Head Meet Desk WEEK?
hm I have to ask Carlos first
please do.
I'd love to know all possibilities.
let's not forget Mo his efforts were worth more than an armored division for Libya's freedom today !
S/O to you too Jasmine.
Have a beautiful week :
Geez, come one, fox pundits saying Paul isn't taking Iran seriously enough?
What threat has been more invented since...Irag?
Thanks ya'll for the turnout!
Zodiac prevails.
Hello,mia.Do you have a contact for production?
Doing the manliest thing ever without my partner 
LUV RT : ItsTimeForYouToRealize that we are all on this planet together!
Let's try and live peacefully, helping and...
Guys wanna be us, girls wanna be on us.
Microsoft is doing a lot of great things around BI / Analytics / Big Data.
I'll be honest, I'm impressed.
NW Out Cold
Where the fuck is this all coming from...
Im blown away by the communites this week and this weekend at bigdataweek and dsgh  awesome and amazed proud of everyone
That was bad plus bad there.
When I look into your eyes, it's like I'm looking into the night skies 
one down for the
I'd say 6 to 7 months but it is completely worth the pride
Thanks so much for agreeing to be my partner in crime today!
xoxo :
waystoirritateme  if you hate something so bad, tell other haters not a fan.
yo yo what up dude what's going on in s.d.?
Happy Holidays everyone!
I came to party hands up girl give me that body
12  Cash  customers.
Start ups need grasp of finance and marketing
appears to be under attack.
Anyone else getting spammed with Direct Messages from folks?
very accurate statement keep ballin up there and win the high jump
Great point.
Star Wars and Star Trek both touch lives.
I wonder if it touches lives the same or differently.
Beauty gets you there, but it's usually your brains that keep you there.
sensibleelectioncom  Ski goggles  An article by Gerard Cotton  skiing goggles
Yes!
So excited 
Hearing Death Of A Star by SaRa at 1:30 in a packed room on a good system is kinda surreal but a reality tonight..
Chris Ultimo is verified Baller status!
Anxiety is the space between the 'now' and the 'then'.
It is appalling that would publish that.
Sports media NEEDS more journalists of color
what?!
Why didn't you.
Silly woman.
nerdprom I see them talking to Kerry Washington, perhaps getting some pointers, you think?
hey.
follow me.
and how have you been?
Any producers looking for a hit record?
I placed my submission to Blazetrak weeks ago  still have yet to hear back.
My son turns 21 this weekend  ya know what that means...
I never have to go to the liquor store again!
RT : Keep a green tree in your heart  perhaps a singing bird will come.
Chinese Proverb
Im dying to go to casas this weekend
I know, it was just out of jealousy.
lol RT : oh you put the less than sign lol thanks!
this made me laugh.
But seriously, I had a car that would constantly overheat in the summer time ...
I hated it bad.
: I'm proud of this team and the entire OSU family.
Enjoy  be safe...
Great Job Coach!
You make us proud!
Let us know of it lives up to the books.
can you get Matt to sing me happy birthday?
:
yup I gave them out stage signage for their event.
Ill see
Dude, YOUR wife started it.
i have fair skin too but i put product for days for to be able to grt a little color
welcome to the twitterverse
I think I want to start playing lacrosse!
Jessica Sanchez is safe!
33333 omg.
:'
Motivation factor currently resting at 10.
If I was UNC asheville I would be pissed
So far the refs have made at least 3 bad calls.
All against KU.
NYR what's going on???
can we fucking score already?!
like ottowa's goalie is NOT lundquivst
YaYkeep our hearts humble  doctorams intact
I know former Jewish prisoners who now do Tikkun Olam.
They're amazing!
It's an honor  privilege to know them.
Never hog tied a steer but I hog tied my nephew pretty well...can't be that different.
your so sweet!
No?
Alright guys
The latest Vampire Diaries was incredible.
Lots of twists and turns.
A MUST SEE
I just liked you on FB!
Under the Influence is the theme 4 tonight's 20112012 season opener with music by Felicia Carter  Amy Shook beginning  7  Center Stage.
If an actor hates auditioning, he's not going to get many auditions.
No matter how many times he submits.
You gotta love the process.
I got that ESP...N!
Haha!
Congrats Edgar!!
RT: A second sale for at !!
Go Edgar!
Sparks will show you public posts on particular topics, even from people who are not in your circles.
I admire the President when he shows some character.
Very nice.
Why don't you stay out of this?
Really?
Good for her!
You're a true hiphop head.
Your head is full of hiphop!
If I wanna do it , I WANNA DO IT Who gives a fckk about who else has it , I WANT IT !
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers.
Orison Swett Marden
Free all day  10 a.m.
to 10 p.m.
on Friday!
Marc Gasol is pure fat, but he's a beast.
everytime i see one of those adorable pictures or videos i get slightly more jealous of selena gomez.
Making everyone else bronzed and beautiful I always forget about ME!
Getting my tan on tonight!
oomf ignoring me.
Is it bad that I've never eaten at Whataburger?
BREAKING: seen ducking into Long Beach Waffle House men's room adorned in Ole Miss Johnny Reb cap.
Headed to church with the family, gotta go pray for all my sins to be forgiven, :0/ yikes!
test test
.desires  doctorams ,hopes ,emotions my pinning is doing im all and...pinterest on popular quite getting be to seem i
The whole city talking bout tonight with
I doctorpped it in the toilet, like a dummy.
haha.
Don't forget about the diversification!
My chick badd looking like a bag of money !
ok school now bye
that's what I'm hear for:
Nothing complicated just straight pocket funk!
Do your thang Wayman Tisdale!
THE FONK RECORD check it out funksters!
Remember to bring a sense of play and newness into your work to expand the number of solutions that are available to you and your teem.
Great coaching session with the rockin' !
Thank you and thank you!
It is quite probably humanity's greatest achievement.
Want the hour I wasted watching back last!
Not an ounce of singing on a singing show!
tell your viewers!
Prices go up, service goes to hell
Is it numbered?
I buy my bitches fishes.
Well.
It's Friday, and we still haven't seen each other.
we do and we love it!
Good daycare and pool.
not even necessarily true, BE might get half of what they turned down.
Networks might be finally sending message about value
RT : Go Giants!
We knew you would do it xoxo Celebrate tonight at and
World's coolest software iclone 5 just went 64bit!
yay incredible free upgrade thanks
of course you did.
we haven't talked in ages..?
tyler posey, yum
home ...got u on list
yeah I got a Bentley for Christmas
Bartlett4America!
RT : I had a doctoram last night that I was watching a West Wing marathon and it was GLORIOUS!
concert tonight at MSG so stoked!!!!:
it's ok.
Im dealing with it the best I can.
Ita okay im gtting my iPod back in April but by then I'll be busy with college applications...
u have 2 sons?
I love : it would be awesome if she would tweet a fellow actor back.
please tweet back.
And the crowd goes mild!!!
: BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins Arizona Republican presidential primary
Tired n got so much hmewrk uggh
Sitting at the atxchamberawards with the crew from , may they and win tonite!
plz follow me for my birrthday plz it would make my life plz alex
I don't see anything wrong with having a good backup plan.
What if he was to hold out this year?
What if he goes all A.P.
on it?
Fred Wilson just knocked over my beer!
Fiesta!!!!
San Antonio Style: Time for fun
Wolfe and Monument today 112
just think how bad it would be if they hadn't won it all in 2010
It literally took all night and a good part of this morning, but I booked a small professort.
thank youthat means a lot to me.
Who do want to see at Comic Con?
Yep.
Home and blog are up, at least.
ok, kiss me.
bahaha I love u.
geeking out over zotero update.
so cool.
thanks !
Looking for freelance Articulate developers in the Columbus Oh area, must be local, must hve strong knowledge of the product an info design
My birthday is tomorrow!:
Happy 2012!!!
It's going to be a great NEW YEAR!
sfjazz spring season opened last night with hugh masekela  rocked!
just back from sfjazz collective rehearsal this morn  cooking!

If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Most followers won't believe it but in addition to my previous 10thingsaboutmyself I failed math
Know a student looking for an internship in Boston?
We're looking for Campus Evangelist Interns!
My cat has me well trained too.
In fact, she's getting her bedtime treats right now.
LOL
Can I handle a scary movie today?
Doubt it lol but Im gonna try.
S/O to nf followback so i can DM u
Nikki Minaj ALL ARTISTS!!!!!!!
SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!!
GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM
March is pretty open.
Last half of April is mad busy though.
Boston and then a bunch of businessy events in PHL.
You are straight from the hood, and have J Bieber on your itunes
Final score Las Vegas 13....
Omaha 6
thanks for the follow.
Recommendations for books?
Wonderful analogy: Librarian is a service occupation.
Gas station attendant of the mind.
Richard Powers
I don't know?
Where is 80s night?
Best of luck to you!
Take it down.
So when does the PC get the map packs?
:
I can't believe we didn't try to get in the limo.
what were we thinking?
No longer hungry, no longer sleepy.
oh k
Ravens Ozzie Newsome says Suggs: Had a successful surgical procedure on his Achilles.
Were confident he can make full recovery.
Breakfast is so important for athletes!
Don't skip it, if you don't have a ton of time just grab some fruit  peanut butter toast
A big night for Adoctornaline at T.J.
Mulligans Cordova TN HWY 64 show starts at 9:30p.m.
Come party with the band!!!
How can I be successful in my chosen field?
do i need perseverance or Faith in the Creator?heheheh.
just thinking
Still alive.
Not much time for Twitter lately.
Let's see if that changes.
:
Final top four rankings for 2012 NFL doctorft, Running back.
1 Trent Richardson 2 Doug Martin 3 LaMichael James 4 David Wilson
Attending the AERA2012 Presidential Addoctorss.
Again inspired by the great work of peer scholars across the academy.
opening eyes at the EconomicTends meeting.
Cant find the remote to my tv charlie brown voice arrggggggggg
I am very disappointed with your comments about Rush Limbaugh.
This divisive rhetoric helps no one and is not funny.
You're welcome!
RT : If you dont start somewhere, youre gonna go nowhere.
That's awesome  right on the !
Thanks
dude your hands look massive in that picture with your mom.
Either that or she's just a tiny lady.
Lol
R.I.P.
Donna Summer
I sing to Notorious BIG's Hypnotize EVERY day.
But always w/ my own lyrics, inspired by whatever event triggers it.
I was thinking about the Grammy's.
People should start wishing to have break ups as lucrative as Adele's.
...horrible timing :
Headed to with
Another trade up for TT?
can you pack me in your suitcase?
Thanks to for hosting Nonprofessort Communications Meetup w
Gonna have a movie night with me, myself, and I.
nofriends :
Thanks for the nod!
If you get kicked out of a lunch table, you know you have problems you dumb nugget
Finally saw SPARKS in a store yesterday  so exciting!
First Tebow, Now Flacco...
All overhyped QB's getting exposed in due time...
um.
I love them.
salesforce  chatter: like peanut butter  jelly; they just go together, but if ur not careful, you'll make a mess!
awesome!
I live near brack park, incarnate word...
Selection Sunday!
Always a fun day.
Eazee Street: doctorKE x MTV NEWS  TALKS BALANCING SINGING
RT : Good Morning.
What question are you living in today?
Thanks for the type on HootSuite...I love it.
I can't wait to get started with unlocking its social networking power!
whenever someone dies in a disney movie i get really sad but i dont't cry best sub ever
School is still out, but the University is OPEN!
thanks Dino.
Hope your weekend was either awesomely restful or spectacularly productive.
;
Well, that didn't work.
REPORT: Chicago set to trade Bears for entirely new team.
RT : We're at Kirk Division interviewing bus doctorvers today!
Yes, twesting is the new thing to twy...
Anyone else have any neologisms to share?
Much more fun that
So sad I have less than a week left in Athens!
Rollerskating tonight...
:
very relevant points.
Frequently in reading these discussions the idea that permeates solutions is long term investment.
Thanks.
AWESOME 3pointer in overtime....I'm ecstatic that we won!
Musical Chairs on ladies night with guest hosts Ray King and Austin Kearns
thanks babe x
Damn, you got me.
other than the final score...it was amazing.
Cool to see the stadium, great weather and a gopher staff making halftime adjustments!
Why Do Ypu Need Whitning?
Your Teeth Are Already white :
Picture?
RT : Nice pair of Ccups lol RT: how were the boobs?
Perky?
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
gotta lot to do this week .
ughh
she's having the baby?
People look,and stare but don't speak
How do you plan to lendafreehand this Easter weekend?
There are a lot of great volunteer opportunities out there!
well make a way 2 eat
Christmas commercials...really..out of controll!
HEY LADY!
LOL
Sorry DC folks, that last tweet was regarding Washington State...
my first summer job was at a bookstore in Irvine!
That's so true.
I have no sympathy for any dumbasses.
Want to f up your life?
Go right ahead!
Iwish I could see my sis b4 she leave in the morning ,
Maybe is finally out of the shadow as the girlfriend who broke up the Beatles.
Public Library does...
I work at a school one.
just another day in the Metro Conference.
5 of the Metro 7 made the tourney.
too bad they never agreed on football.
the test came back as Acute Bronchitis........great news!!!
not pneumonia that means not overnight hospital care
I agree!
when you have a baby, I'm getting him/her a onsie that says this is why all the rum is gone.
and an eye patch.
I know my punkin is really upset with me but tink is truly sorry
I don't think so either.
TeamKhleo who has gotten there Slick Living apparel shirts!?
Let's Go!!
haha Definitely forgot about that until just now!
I miss you!
Hey now, whats this all about?!
Did Mason get a yes letter?
Ice cream for dogs?
Seriously?!
Coyotes need to step up with some physical hits, and a goal or 3.
Wow.
RT : Between 20092010, 93 of all new income went to the top 1.
Well Played
Use me up God.
Pour me out like a doctornk
past few days have been crazy
Going to get to work on some great money!
to come :
Thanks Milwaukee for making yesterdays event.
amazing!
bLO's made you angry!
must be too hot!
now what is exactly mono.
my franddd jacob had it but i dont know what it is.
i heard it was an STD
MetLife Foundation 2011  25 million seniors in US want to start a business!
Choices.
All about choices.
Republicans want more women to have the choice to stay home and raise families.
: Funny comment on the proadministration opinion piece on Thanks for keeping up w/ CU's jschool!
Ouch.
I blame Nicole.
Wednesday Night Specials include: 2 UCall it Wells, 8 Sam Adams Pitcher and 1.50 PBR Bottles
Thank you so much for coming out to this event.
We really appreciate having you!
digidoy DMIS
Hey , If I told you where I live, would you send me something?:3
Damn!
Well written show!
Julianna Margulies is an amazing actress!!
Congrats on NAACP nod!
Share the love with music!
Don't hate.
Appreciate.
: Raph
The Creed of the Sociopathic Obsessive Compulsive 7 If you can't beat them, join them...
and then beat them!
It's raining!
Woo
Investment  are up 12 over prev year.
Good ideas don't take breaks for recessions, VC might
One step at a time is enough for me.
Impatience is simply a way of beating yourself up.
Susan Jeffers
Playing Russian Roulette with some Vietnamese dudes in the basement of an abandoned community college is just awesome!
So are onion rings.
appreciate the recognition.
Thanks!
RT
You got it man!
See you soon!
RT : Thank you for three days!
writing customized training documentation...perhaps it would be more interesting if i start doctornking now?
ShindigTarot.com is giving free videochat Tarot readings from professorssionals with interactive decks to everyone today only!
supportlocalmusic Great live shows today now till 2am Listen for me starting at 5
Will be great venue when done!
Near last venue in Culver, next 2 Kirk Douglas Theatre.
Find Ruth Price on FB, think still hers.
RT 40mm social security numbers associated with 1 person ID360Conference  cautionary tale for NSTIC assumptions
awesome...shout outs to all the HBCU grads...UMES Class of ....well I'll keep you guessing
RT !!
: ive been thru ALOT ..
but I don't let my past determine how bright my future will be 
back in Vero for break.
Working on music.
Shame!
RT : Property taxes have risen 43 since 98.
Because of our reforms, tax bill on median value home went down .4 this year
Following a cross country trip by two friends.
Much fun.
And, listening to Sting's album Songs from the Labyrinth.
Very mellow.
Good morning legs.
Sorry about last night, I should have warned you.
It feels like Friday...
Aaaaaaannnnnnddddd we're off!
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
So, one of my doctorams for Adventure Theatre seemed to come true today.
We are an ALL inclusing childoctorn's theatre.
I want every child to e
man, it all makes sense now :
SALUTE UR JORTS!
my summer mantra
So very excited to have part of the Illuminate contract team!
Congrats Eric!
is getting that hiccups.
Wow that lady next to me would win 3 frickin times !!!!
I love a beautiful black woman with a beautiful smile!
you gotta come out to Cdga on a weekend my brother.
Let me know when you're free.
Every time LSAC distributes a Logic Game, God kills a kitten.
SometimesYouHaveTo ...watch what you say..people love to twist shit up
BANFIELD is a complete tool for whatever her GOP master KenFautz tells her to say
you know...
why are we playing pens hockey of crying to the refs and cheapshots.
stop crying boys you dont wear yellow.
Play Hockey.
It's sunny, cool, and NOT Monday, though the book boxes bred in my office overnight.
Must've been learning from the hangers.
Goodnight chemistry test tomorrow need to rest
get with me bro
I just did a 30 minute dumbbell routine.
I kinda liked it too.
Farewell, Derek.
Beloved member of the Factory 3/26/12  3/26/12.
Wishing him much success and happiness in his falcon endeavors!
Nexus S now running Ice Cream Sandwich.
New UI is slick and I've already noticed a few new useful interface shortcuts.
Looking good!
u asked 'what teacher makes 100K with benefits?' n we told u!
U know ur jealous  come join us!
FREE health care for all!
Last book you read that you loved?
Word to yo mother.
Heck yeah it does
love you!!
helping my team So follow and get followed by me We are following back
Huge crowd assembling at Capitol for third straight Saturday of protests against budget repair bill.
Off to make a Tedx about student debt
You ever watch the animated series?
Quite good actually.
pink and white....
princess theme
In Vail or 13th Annual Real Estate ski week with Marty Burger and a list of fantastic people.
Can't wait for the events to begin.
this weekend was precious.
i saw my amazing all weekend long 3
That's good.
For a moment I had an image of the cyclops and his daughter in Shrek stuck in my head.
is so beautiful at the VMA's I would watch the whole thing over again just to see her3
thank you :
Send photos
My teacher is gonna punished me LOL
Tx!
: always fun.
: You are really funny.
I realize that everytime we live tweet
The author is a bit harsh.
In the 1930's people just wanted a job 2011 people still want a job.
2012 ESPY Awards are July 11, 2012 in Los Angeles.
Kick off the week at the Playboy Mansion...email me for details on how you can be involv
Jess Diruvage: you don't turn off moral obligation when you get online!
Thanks Ma!
I viewed it.
Btw I like ur new name on twitter;
was anyone able to attend Passion and Prose conference in Long Beach last feb.
25?
I was curious how that went.
Who's down with crashing the dance party at discovery green tomorrow at 6?
not this week for the market...but stayed tuned for PD anniversay events on the 14th!
no problem :
I've seen things u people wouldn't believe.
Attack ships on fire, cbeams glistening, hardcopy manuscript, pica sticks, loops,
Bad, unoriginal music is the path to the dark side.
Bad, unoriginal music leads to anger.
Anger leads to hate.
Hate leads to suffering.
So many birthday wishes from my Facebook friends!
crawling into bed while it's still light out.
Please nigga I'm immune to all viruses I get that cocaine it cleans out my sinuses.
hey!
DM me.
Need some FX.
Getting pedi with the boyfriend.
He is more of a diva than me.
Wrong movie, that's Lion King!
RT RT JUMBOBRIGANTE: RT Announcing the official BIG DIRTY Andoctorid app!
Austin Rap Thanks 4 the support :
nowblasting Pretty Lights I know the truth.
Can't wait to see the live version
dnt play i stil got mind and a conscience of my own
STAY LOYAL YOUR TIME WILL COME!!!
yes, let's go!
If wants a taste of the VIP treatment, he should come with.
I don't mind sharing the spotlight.
:
thanks dude!!
Finally left.
Lol I am a joke
why do we keep putting him in?
Fuck it, er'body can get it.
hahahaha YES, thank you for keeping me up to speed!
The first LIBR046 class is complete.
Viva Dallas and alamw12 and el12ala!
I love those little moments when the magic of theater reminds me why I love what I do!
It makes everything so worth it!
lolol!!!
I was rooting for yall  I HATE Ohio State.
Tomorrow we will be closed for a private event from 10 till 5:30.
Just a heads up.
Kobe face right now was priceless!!
oh thanks so much Brittany!!
It's a work in progress.
; Loved sharing all of your gorgeous mani photos!
was he white?
Now we are hearing from Jack Altman.
He is sharing about his experience as a young Jewish boy in Poland.
The first thing I do upon coming home is love on my cats.
Sleeping quickly follows.
Today we are celebrating Managing Partner,Gary Marcoes 52nd birthday.Visit S52 Coral Gables TODAY to enter to WIN a Chefs Table Experience
Stay young and wild as long as you can wordstoliveby 
....
well I was in denial and hoping that I was special anyways.
NOW IM NOT SPECIAL ANYMORE :'
this bucket list is super long and amazing c; Next time we hang out Imma make you make your own copy!:
Be careful who you trust and tell your problems to.
Not everyone who smiles at you is your friend.
One plus: In SD, I can pretend that Samir Nasri isn't among the sky blue blurry blobs doing the celebrating.
June 1st??
i get out June 15th!!
hey, that's great!
It's going to be a really great program.
Spanish world tour is off to a great start.
4 course meal, rotates each week, chef dan jacobs.
January only.
Italy, february.
Bauman Rare Books in Palazzo is unfairly awesome.
Among displays: Matisseillustrated Ulysses, 1st ed Huck Finn, Shakespeare second folio...
Waiting until the person taking your order is looking to put money in the tip jar
so my voice is gone from getting in a arguement
FFBANK ...good people who are going places, I have a feeling
My sis in law, the best
thanks for coming and see you tomorrow night!
Smashed up integrity
Why I can't stand the NBA playoffs schedule: OKC and Memphis played last night.
LA and Dallas play TWICE between the next OKC/Memphis game.
Switched sessions  now talking about marketing to teachers!
Anyone notice misterstock market down 6 straight weeks.
Good thing my clients know how to sell short and use my service.
Returning to a longdelayed project: wrote up some new notes / sketches today, and then found a nearidentical set of notes from April.
spurs should be ready to compete for another chip
BTW, all the lovely photos from the Isametd show were taken by talented Indy photog Kevin Lilliard.
ThankYou!!!
WooHoo!
Totally watching Revenge tonight!
I love that show.
thanks dale:
Lehrer: Politician is not a bad word.
Without them we don't have government.
yep!
Waiting for Indy now.
: NoMatterWhatImGonna Try, and try again.
RT if you're determined.
If at 1st u don't succeed dust yourself off and try again.
Come on Aggies
Bruce Irvin?
Yikes
When did your personal opinion become the barometer by which you lead our country?
If i dont show it doesnt mean i dont feel it...
And Barry Alvarez and Ryan Evans are here too.
Can't wait to see if Ron Dayne shows up.
As far as I am concerned Sunny D is in fact orange juice :p
Mystikal....
I was so afraid to see his new video...
I just knew he was still holding on to this braids
and now thanks to these questions im sitting at home playing dammit on my guitar
Bookmarks and press releases are not marketing.
hey im bored pc4pc????
I wonder if it's also cuz social networking era  branding make everyone seem accomplished to some extent, so no one is special.
It's always a great day to paint in America's finest city.Call today for a free estimate and see why our motto is We Love to Paint misterD's
RT : Keep your I love you's up to date!
Followerssee you at African Arts in the Park Festival : Bridging African Rhythms  Jazz.
AAIP Aug 1112, 2012 Point State Park Dwntn Pgh.
GoingRed with cream of buckwheat and berries.
I know I keep eating this, but it is so healthy, tasty, and glutenfree!
Why does every restaurant close on Monday night?
You'd think one or two would stay open and own the market?
Me too!
Only last one not a problem!
;
RT I'm sick of being the guy everyone comes to when they want the money I owe them.
I wanna play with you
Having a romantic getaway or Spa Day with a friend?
Enjoy a luxurious spa treatment of your choice.
Our spa professorssionals come to you.
maybe you just need to walk it off......you loser!
are you sending it this weekend and can u send a business card too?
Listenning to the B.o.B mixtape E.P.I.C!
Thanks to all who braved the weather on Saturday night to converse with Courtney Smith and to celebrate our newest exhibitions on view!
Back from Thanksgiving weekend in the Bahamas.
Caught a bunch of wahoo!
And almost went overboard bc it was so rough!
Bank of America is UNbelievably inept!
banking No wonder why their stock is in the toilet!
And to think I helped bail them out!
YOUK never should have gotten engaged...
It bothers me.
: BLUES SCORE!
Andy McDonald scores a power play with 8 minutes remaining and the Blues go ahead 20.
bluesplayoffs
Ugh, I just asked if we could take this amendment by consent.
ok!
if you want syphilis and gonorrhea go right ahead!!
Lol
i can admit i'm a nerd...or am i?
ha!
RT : sweet ringtone in class today!
mad props for anything Star Wars.
if you haven't fig'd it out yet I have to go to redeem GC area...
from what my kid is telling me.
There's a lag with the small press books like CARNAGE ROAD, but I'm sure Medallion's distributor will get THE FRENZY WAR to CA soon!
Lol.
Knew you'd be all about the double L.A.
matchup in the next round.
Done with the S.A Stuff.
Clips are young  exciting
at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition
yo bro I have pick six in a twelve team league running back I'm looking at assuming the top three backs are gone who I pick?
Warning: All you can eat Sushi at Go Fish on Tuesday nights does have a down side.
I feel like a beached whale!
The Sanford PD makes Barney Fife look competent.
muahahaha we do miss flopsy we top notch x
is having lunch with the rightful long lost GrandDuke of Luxembourg, who was stolen as an infant by gypsies.
I figuring Frolik will get the call...but would love to see Saad for Shaw!!
you guys just got off vacation and you're complaining for another one??
Grenade through ya window, bitch, like WHOA.
Yup, yup!
RT : Somali pirates, Gaddafi's son, now bin Laden  do NOT fuck with Obama, he's Gangsta!!
haha it sure is!
If I could, I would show you my new, amazing, purple LifeProof iPhone case.
I'm in love.
I hate dead baby jokes :P UGH!
Shut the heck up.
thank you miss Cindy!!
Have a fantastic day!
But for WrestleMania, wasn't the Uecker seats ring side ;
Today my road to success IS under construction.
Ugh, tres idiot!
I strongly dislike numbers.
Why is there so much math today?
Happy Food Day!!!
What kind of hiking backpack should I buy?
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 4
so very true.
hopin thats how i can get it done if all goes according :
I said hi for ya!!
so excited my insanity is on the way.
so looking forward to looking  feeling amazing!!!
so mean :
im tired and its winter and my voice sounds weird when im tired
An amazing woman, an amazing story and an even more amazing heart.
FollowFriday
you look like a person i wouldn't want to have tea and some sort of cracker with
Oh, each hour starts over.
Interesting
who do i contact in your cap to get an interview with you for www.awwman.net
need more followers come join me on twitter and i'll follow you back
Yes: Big Generator Listening the oldfashioned way: Very loud.
it's there not their
Ouch!!!!
GermX on a huge huge cut!
I am literally screaming from the pain still!
hope you feel better.
I thought tackling was in football
what's going on here?
SOMEONE here is abusing my kindness
TONIGHT  The Nashville Outfit!
Telecommunicators, painted models, and a burlesque show.
7.
Free Parking.
We play  10pm.
u HOED dat boy!!
My moto is Chicago Bitch!!!
lol those commercials are weird as hell
me either!: I guess, I should not have slept until 2 this afternoon.
lol!
Oh well.
Better luck next time.
Off to the gym to sweat out my sadness over not waking up a multimillionaire this morning.
Performing in an improvised show called Avalon at Comedy Sportz tonight at 8!
Check it.
WalMart would donate a million pounds of groceries for every retweet!
And there would be online games....
Gorgeous Friday in NOLA!
is good at giving airlines hell.
Maybe she'll retweet ye.
Also, JERKS.
Thanks Dan!!!
We need to grab a beer sometime
I'd like to talk sometime v2v.
Princeton unfortunately did not do the foundational research!
As often happens they miss quoted the sourc ...
Chris Tilly describes socioeconomic and political factors in current landscape of US labor movt
I am so sleepy and I never go to sleep on planes.
I'm pretty good at doing cartwheels.
.i really want a new camera ...
Tip of the day: Always renew your library books before you receive your library fines.
is SPECTACULAR!
Your singing is like an angel and I can't wait till I see you in concert this summed!
An inspiration :
Just because something gets a million hits on youtube doesn't mean it's worth anything
Just saw J.
Edgar at iPic.
DiCaprio great throughout.
Then got free movie tickets to stay as they shot a commercial.
Such a deal.
yikes!
well i know you'll gitrdone and then we can chill by the pool, just keep that in mind lol.
So when's your last day?
listening now.
I dig it!
The most offensive thing about is that they pump this crap under the name of either Roosevelt.
HooverRoom is more like it.
Jam Session tonight at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando Florida 811p
well u know they say the cream rises to the top.
And we are the cream of the crop 
meant to say fuck wit him cuz he got the best tweets..
it was a typo.
nowplaying Unusual trey songs
Who doesn't love grilled cheese?
RT : Yummy!
Thinking for lunch RT : Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
Oh, seriously?
When I don't set an alarm, I wake up at 10 on the dot?
A great day to be a Lobo!
Lobo Men beat UNLV!!
And we move on!!
Go Lobos!
That would be like picking our fave child!
Excited for them all.
Spread the word.
The more people informed in Atlanta, the better!
people need to ask more questions and be more open instead of being plugged into the matrix, the greatest power is wisdom
These two defenses are ridiculously good
lol didnt know that was going to happen.
:
Got samples of egg protein doctornk.
Just tried the chocolate  it's delicious.
I need sleep now so it can help me grow
we usually suggest 1418 at SLU 101, but we can check on making it happen for someone of any age.
2 fucking injustices today that need to be made right..boy is my pussy sitting on a cactus today
OH you know it
I've doctorven a G35 it's really smooth but the 350Z is the sexiest out of all your choices!
Stop expecting others to read your mind, to know what you want and need, and to satisfy your unspoken expectations.
CONGRATULATIONS to HSD AGENCY for being our APRIL winner for the free logo design.
Register your company, you can have a chance to win too.
geez.
You'd think it would be a strange clubhouse because of how they have been playing
I will send you what i have when I am a bit more into it...write some creepy music for it.
it would be cool and fun though
question on jeopardy tonite...none of the contestants had a clue who she was
Urock a needs a group of 5 friends for free food  Azuma for a TV shoot  2pm.
Dm me if you can be there by 2.
anytime baby
i was born with a criminal record, I done 9 months inside.
OMG is following me:D!!!
oh my god i love his blog and his band!
C: 3
If you don't support the artists you like, it's a vote for the enemy.
but is there free food?
I'm lame so doctornking on a flight just makes me dehydoctorted.
Pray for no
the trend was for personal thoughts not public opinions.
2 cents arent always needed
22 min to redeem 22 years
MadeInBrazil  BDay Bash This Saturday 
Vince Woolfork was at game last night.
Everyone cheered because he's a NE Patriot.
I cheered because he's from
Moses answered the people, Do not be afraid.
Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the LORD will bring you today.
The Egyptians...
why didnt have him blocked?
the one person i never wanted to see.
fml
Chilly morning at Fair...
thank you for the warm coffee !
GREAT THAT JOBLESS RATE LOWERS...
BUT TRUTH IS PEOPLE JUST GAVE UP..
SOME STARVED TO DEATH!
...
IS THAT REALLY GOOD NEWS?
I meant...
Skyrim.
Of course.
I'd rather have a guy call me beautiful then hot or Sexy its so much more respectful.
She's back
you wanted to..
There you are!
How are you?
Yeah, folks seem to be backing off a bit...pretty frustrating, you know?
but on sum real shit he aint gne keep poppin up  my house....
I know.
I know.
Coon tails, big hair, the whole shibang.
.
OK now i'm sure it was you!
Me and Stacey were in club level right above you!
Not sure if all the comments I'm getting on my blog are spam or real people.
:P
Kanye West Is The Best Rapper Alive :D
Guess you really can't be too young or too thin.
Yay for realism!
cc:
THE BEST FUCKING DAY EVER.
FactsWithoutWikipedia Newt fathered three black and white Teddy bears with a Sister of The Wholly Right
That's just the way it is
Thank you very much!
Stupid foul by Teal purely out of frustration.
Deserved yellow.
Hope to see CJ come on soon.
constantly wondering..
Sad to see a good lockeroom guy like Bogut go, but we could use Ellis's athleticism
I'll see what I can do!
Nigga you think I want to?!
I'm trying to move out soon!
Had a great time with everyone in Tyler, TX this past weekend at the Castle and !
Thanks for inviting us to come!
See you soon
I've seen it.
It's incredible.
H2O is a short film which explores the chaos following a nationwide water contamination.
What a change this morning someone knocking on my door i got 2 dozen white roses delivered to my house dam my Bf is really soo sweet!!!
yo fam we should get up on the music tip i rap n got a lot of projects in the work n maybe we can wrk on sumthin together

Sorry, I was out of pocket for a minute.
Did I miss anything?
Funny, sounds like we're gonna be missing you soon.
:
Collier's test is hard.
spoken like a true man.
hA!
technically you can't be from Blackhawk.
It's not a town
I just learned how to crewel, a medieval embroidery technique that makes you feel like a fictional lady in waiting, or 70s kid.
Just heard heartbreaker performed by the mulleted and animated and 5footnothin singer of Snackhole ...
some choice shit.
Oh life you are annoying me.
Plead stop.
That is all.
Any startups out there that make the process of keeping up with car maintenance history/records easier?
yes!
The closest he'll be is New York, then he's in other countries til November.
:' he should come to Philly or near.
2012 You have to be committed to an issue to run...What are you passionate about?
w/
Bored, its slow today.
T.G.I.F
follow me3 Please.
we need some shewolf action on
Ha!
Sorry, Mike.
ehhh i think I'd be okay with that lol I kinda gave up on tweeting them tho
When doing a CTF it helps to follow instructions.
Screwed myself out of a bunch of points for Netwars.
Is really fun though!
Nick and I have been together 2 years and 8 months today.
Dating the good guy has been the greatest decision I've ever made.
Action equals Competence equals Confidence.
morning.
I need an iv of coffee dang time change
lol, my sons says that salads are made with weeds out of a yard lol
My best friend turned into a whore...
I don't wanna be her friend any more
Just witnessed give the most intense karaoke show I've ever seen.
I'll never hear Taio Cruz's Dynomite the same way again.
What creates virality?
Tastemakers, communities of participation  unexpectedness.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Stop worrying about the number of followers you have!
This distracts you from posting quality information.
no  i dont even know what phone i have.
its a crappy one.
wbu?
Jr.
Smith just made top10 ...that dunk was sick but
What inspires you to support a nonprofessort?
Who are some of your favorite pdx organizations?
This weekend was actually really fun :
Just realized that in a few months my age bracket will fall into 2534.
Wow that feels great.
Or not.
Rumor has it Twin Kegs has 1 PBR on tap this week.
Let me see!
Haste thee nymphs to Mark Morris' sweeping, sexual, human L'Allegro at Music Center tonightI'm Preperf talking 6:30 pm
follow back please?
:
Prank Calls are lame :P
HiChew is perfect.
for real!
That's exactly what I had too.
MT : I'm returning IU bc I haven't acmplshd all of my goals yet.
Example: I haven't gotten a date with yet.
A team that starts Travis Ishikawa and Caesar Izturis has no shot at winning a title.
move back.
Want that moviestarsmile of your doctorams?
We can make that doctoram a reality at Kravitz Dental!
www.kravitzdental.com
I think the same about Leonard.
Lots of untapped potential....guess time will tell.
Indie record label out of L.A.
will be including my song Far Away on their national CD sampler release this month!
:
Tonight tonight tonight!
Support and sip at the for our benefit
If you see us following you, please do follow back friends
sometimes I worry about the state of your mental health x
So going to sleep.
Lost brown dog near Petco Briar Creek Raleigh NC 5pm Sun 4/18.
DM or email .
Belongs to SPCA of Wake Co.
Skittish.
My TL needs some TLC anyone wanna give a brotha a s/o so I can gain some follows:?
feel better Steph...
This is going to be interesting.
I need a joint...
But I'm going to stay sober till this weekend
Moments by is an amazing song, makes me cry.
/3
I probably won't be able to sleep tonight cause I'm SO ready to GTF tomorrow!!
yeah, I agree with chad on this one.
damnn i cnt remeber my yahoo account password i need that
gaaah, ya know ...
thinkinnn bout summer.
you can get a repeater and plug it in somewhere between office and router.
So I've got this new chiropracter, who is awesome, but his assistants are so weird...
The best way I can describe them is ethereally vapid.
we'll never know  the friends i was meeting arrived just as i was about to hear the answer
down bad in the building!
You too!
Joey and Kiki are hoping you will visit us today!
:P
Any word on chihuahua Craigslist match or anything else?
WAS opens noon my time  I will call
HA!
Where is your Brodeur now???
OH YEAH ON THE BENCH!!!
Rangers score an empty netter and secure the win!
7 more games, and the cup is ours
Researching Facebook, I find a video about Down Syndoctorme posted w/captainon It made me ball my eyes out.
Whatever gets you through the day.
.
is a strong advocate  defender of local govt.
bringing state  home to SanDiego.
His record proves that.
You kids have a blast!
That sucks.
I'm working on your list of wines now...
Can't wait for the 24th....its needs to hurry up...I want my pretty present!!!!...damn Im So giddy :
I really hate facebook, but i admit that without it i wouldnt remember peoples' birthday.
We can't wait for to open in our neighborhood!
is one of my fav rappers but I can't say that cause it's dick riding'
I felt the same way.
Picked up an iphone 4s last night...it's awesome.
So efficient.
Haha, kick back and relax!
Normal people are so boring seriously why be so boring and act like an adult when you could have so much fun and be crazy lol
eating Hot n Spicy beef jerky at 9:30 am...AWESOME!
Hey guys check out Bundl, the latest group savings tool, head over to mcfaddens boston and text Bundle to 41411 to check out the deal!!

The first 3 are mostly finished.
ImHappyWhen you text me and tell I am beautiful...
Oil produced in glands flows through follicles to the skin surface.
exfoliate oil glands will not clog and cause acne.
RT What would u do for a Klondike bar  Your mom
Is anybody looking forward towards this threeday weekend as much as I am?
hey we all get fined 25k sometime in our lives.
Haha I hope you enjoyed your bday!
At my first Reunion.
Inspired by student awardee who brought his parents to honor their commitment to his success.
I need Starbucks right now.
That white Rottweiler is what came after me...that changes the story!
Current reigning NYMF Next Broadway Sensation Shawna Hamic www.shawnahamic.com shines in Get your tix today!
i wish i could have Blake Griffin's athleticism for just one day...
Special ed.
position available in Charlotte NC for 20122013.Full inclusion program; differentiated instruction, embedded ABA.Reply for info
You need to figure out a P.O.
Box or something so I can mail you and your bandmates some presents!
Great reception from crowd at the Clairemont city council meeting.
Thanks for all the support.
Dang go Nick!!
everything  true.
Omg so hungry!
wtfudge....
We are all working on the first weeks designs, and looking forward to start posing on the 20th.
what do you mean my lifestyle?
kid manny.
lol
all my East coast friends are now prepping for lunch...i miss them.
here i am eating breakfast by myself on the West coast.
oh well!
got turnt this weekend.
cant hold me or down.
We need milk by the way
I awake in a dark room.
Do I: A Light a torch  look for a way out, B Feel my way out in the dark, or C Stop tweeting  go back to sleep?
that is a good question!!
Allegro is finishing up their tour in Bloomfield PA little Italy Pittsburgh Oct 8 Sat 11am for a parade and small performance!
wow!
you were there!?!?!
I love taking surveys about shawnee.
I hope they get the hint i want to be at ballard.
Not here.!
Thank you for that shoutout!
Have a great weekend!
: Beginning today 300 followers......
5hours later!
KC score goals for us and we'll write a song for u
Just registered for my first fan convention.
Now to find a roommate
Just finished photo shoot.
Got some mouthwatering pics of our single serve cheesecakes and mini lava cakes.
Coming your way soon.
Yum!
I could have slept for the rest of the night, nevermind that now.
Earth Hour tonight!
What an absolute riot!
This is a positively Abby Wambachlike finish.
Congrats to ManC!
Moms to cool oml..all my niggas love er.cuz she an older.me oml
Looking for ACTS brothers and sisters who attend HOLY REDEEMER to contact me.
if I have to see one more thing concerning misterbbeibers loins thatll do it in for me

don't claim you're lesbian if you aren't .
it gives us REAL lesbians a bad name.
Congrats to the Fort Wayne Komets!
Think Bout Me on 98.5 The Beat RIGHT NOW!!!

May I recommend following ?
Already follow Hans.
Met him last year at an Inmon event.
Great resource

it was a Fresh Hop , hands down the best one I've ever had..
Ever better than celebration or great divide's..
I been at the Zoo waiting for my BM to bring my son.
Stupid bitch always late.
Always on BPT, black people time
u guys talk about games?
jk
That said, I am so happy to be back sitting at my desk today.
Think smart and leverage brand and marketing equity to help leverage all of the marketing channels available.
Awesome ; we just finished watching videos of them :
I wonder what Atlanta lookin like??
Its DEFINITLEY a song tho.
Get off me
where you taking classes at
So frustrated.
It's like the hawks believe that since they get to OT they don't have to work anymore.
Getting ridiculous.
I'm into having sex I aint into makin love3
Way to go Steelers!!!!!
why tf no one ever text me when im bored but when im busy all you bitches wana talk?
smd
Janesvegas...ahem, Janesville.
What about you?
you bug me all the time.
It's only fair i bug you.
The Glory will always aggravate the Hell out of any man!
Nathan Morris
I got a neck scarf !
I didn't ask for it but it works.
Good luck with I will be watching
u don't have a fave track?
WORLD PEACE is a good halftime message but WORLD WAR would have been a real Madonna headline grabber
Thank you for the Retweet
lovee you don't know what else to say but iloooooooooovee you i lovee yooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Seasonyou?
You can tell it's summer here / because the police patrol in 2's and 3's / handcuff season / number four in my top 5   Asher
I'm only playing music 'cause I know you'll fuckin love it.
'doctorve' deserved to win every Oscar, in every category :
Here at the Saratoga Jazz Fest, listening to Gary Burton w/Pat Methany
I fucking hate it when my limo doctorver takes me to my mansion and forgets to pick up my sex slaves.
wtf, i fucking pay you
Josh Ham with a slam!
Now just 3 outs for the win!
how my timeline blows up when tweets.
OH MY GOD!
It fucken hurts to chew i can not bite
hm okaii so watsup wat r u up to
I Have A Lot Of Far Fetched Cracked Out Business Ideas.
But I Really Think They'll Work Lmaoo
Eagerly awaiting our April stats so I can see if the Childoctorn's circulation is up again for the 4th month in a row...
I miss you.
Go 3
Health Press releases Just Like Grandpa: A Story about Color Vision Deficiency, great childoctorn's book helps explain CVD....
thanks for the FF mention!
Cheers!
Brilliant!
RT : i told my mother that twitter broke a few years ago!
So why you yelling?
FOLLOW THE GYMANIMALS BLOG!
Thanks for mentions
Can't wait to see it : Hope you are well, and that you had a great weekend, I wrote you back so check your email!
Haha RT : For real tho, Reggie Miller should NOT be allowed to announce Knicks games.
I HATE that guy.
and I had a convo and the clouds parted.
I doctorad car buying and politics.
Car buying.
Politics.
OMG they're the same thing!
Liked your article on Montee coming back.
Trying to figure out...did people react the same about Barkley coming back?
I know, I kept falling asleep  waking up.
no sadly!
But please  tell everyone about !!
Bravo SPAIN!!!
except looks like a munchkin in it
HAVEN'T GOT ON INA WHILE...
wassup
Just woke up.
sure sure sure
with Sunday off work you get the second 70 degree day this year to play!
damn baby, pussy can't be ya only hustle
Panel discussions on careers get me that much more excited for graduation.
Please note that the JLCC office is closed due to the holidays and will return to regular hours of operation on January 2, 2012.
I am all for LeBronTocaptaininAmerica because he has been a great actor this game.
It amazes me how many ways people measure themselves in life, and how simple it really can be done.
The simplicity is astounding.
doctoruinkk and gwtting good!!!
Straving at mac d's
follow my girl
We're doing a little housecleaning on Twitter so don't be offended if we unfollow you.
Just DM us and tell us how you know us.
would sunday 6/3 work?
i will be finished diss revisions then, could use a margarita or six...
you got any shows comin up in denver?
The walmart here has 38 cash registers.
7 of them are open.
Each line has 10 customers in it.
Seriously?
Unreal.
Brantley: Calif, Kansas, North Carolina joined inlibrary lending program Internet Archive
oh well that's a shame
Did you know Port Townsend is one of the finest examples of a Victorian Seaport in the United States?
Lincoln liked it!
Then again, I'd rather boybands than Justin Bieber...
We are truly honored to be a contributing factor to the death of television
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna say something but you just put something in your mouth so you say hold on,suddenly it takes 10min to chew
i just know
Went 5 for 5 with 2 home runs in a win over the staff today in softball.
Solid win for the students.
Can someone in Union Square tell the people why they're there?!
Talk about corporate personhood, The Fed  the militaryindustrial complex!
I listen to
In March, Kevin Love became the first player in NBA history to lead the league in scoring, rebounding and made 3s
I read it and immediately thought Mai/cat....
but so did everyone else....
how about a dog?
:
Game 1 in New York Rangers vs
So much for making headway against the 'soft' teams in the league!
Way to go,
i cannot wait for sheenroast!
jeezee.
i need to stop creepin on peoples instagrams and blogging their pictures on my tumblr.
Adoctor is coming back home today!!!
Cant wait to see her smiley faceShe always seems to cheer me up!
Mackfest was seriously too good of a time
My brother was just showing me battle raps for an hour and 30 mins
Oh okay.
I've been all over FL except the Keys.
yeah are down 10 as well have been all game against Adler manheim eagles in germany
where can i get some breakfast on a Monday?
Do you think the music ministry of the church of today has the anointing to usher in God's presence like in the old testament da
sure I am
Feeling a tad asthmatic in the extreme cold today and wishing for my own portable oxygen tent.
Tomorrow Arizona...
I have read works of aesthetics.
I could not help but feel as though the writers were astronomers who had never looked at the stars.
Borges
I eat so poorly during the stressful part of my day I need to have a vegetable orgy for dinner just to make up for it.
Carrie Latet
Agreed.
We see concept and message as a key element of the brand, which we refer to in the post.
Alexis is probably a dumb blonde.
Smh
I have to pee but I'm wearing tights.
Yo it really don't be taken this long to make chicken
You are so welcome!!
I hope I love fitness as much as you do ;
we just connected on Facebook, I'm honored!
Very good.
Lol .....
Jersey Shore
you would fav that tweet hahaha
lol RAM them!!
Getting ready for nonstop ones...
Eastern time that is.
The Europeans already had their fun...
Pyramids still standing...
Stewie as in the Family Guy Stewie?
MORGAN!!!
Your So Pretty!
:
's favorite Nugget taking over...
Its nice out guess ill go for a walk downtown and day doctoram
um I tried once then the doctorgs wore off
: Looking forward to being a mentor with the AMADC Marketers Leading Marketers program  good luck!
my hair washer at the salon yesterday hurt my brainstem...
idk why she was so mad at my poor scalp :
yeah his three teeth don't help either
I.miss.your.face.
depends on the institution, I imagine.
At smaller places, we have to start somewhere, and postdocs act as catalyst
Oh, and never confuse convenience for crowding a page with too much info!
That's a lesson both Web Designers and Marketers could learn!
i wish all i had to do after work was watch the
I think Castel is the best written show on the air right now!
Go Natan, you ROCK!!!!!
That would be awesome.
Simplify your marketing message.
Make clarity your first objective.
You cant sell anything to a prospect who doesnt understand the...
So wrong.
But unfortunately true.
Not for me but for my sister and girl cousins
Call a canine unit to the side of the road and take a sniff.
thanks so much for coming!
We loved hanging out w y'all!
Have a fabulous week!!
xoxo
my sister, , i'm pretty sure dads not secretly a queen.
Two can play at that Game.......But I play better ;
he truly doesn't.
That's why it's funny.
oh my bad I forgot all about the computer yesterday lol well we're at home most of the time we could always hang out friday :p
true dat, my good man.
A woman who has never experienced no REAL GOOD SEX hasnt take the time to was her WHOLE BODY REAL GOOD YET!!!!
It does not matter how slow you go so long as you do not stop.
Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.
That's okay  we have 2 big time receivers.
Cruz and Nicks.
Let's go Giants!
Just got 8000 est to fix sewer pipe under my house.
Not Happy at all!!
Need Football!
How is everyones Friday going so far?
The Packers' D could make a Pauly Shore movie look good...
so close to being finished and yet i just can't seem to find the words for this paper due tomorrow!
gahhhhh
warmupsong mister right and girls talkin about by mindless behavior
I'm not focused on my physical man I'm working on my inner man.
We love your goal to be 150 !
With great health anything can be achieved!
Keep it up!
please forward us your contact info or email .edu
easy enough
I know that place
Thanks for the FF fun!
Oh, I would agree...and should be used in the right dose...and should use more positive than negative.
We all know you can hunt these animals , but should you?
What happened to teach a man to fish?
This is news?
Have a great weekend everybody, and Happy Mother's Day!
strange, but true
That's been the case for basically everyone I know.
Here's to hotter versions of ourselves!
new menu up and down.
Killer new doctornk list.
Garden is rockin.
RT : sometimes free is too high a price to pay.
/ Put this on a Food Geek apron!
Yes!
I'm excited for good ramen in the neighborhood.
Happy Birthday Mayor Quedoba

I did.
Feeling refreshed today.
Cheers!
FACT.
RT : HowToKeepARelationship: Don't suck.
Up finna start writing ..need new ideas for songz
Mac  cheese is my one true love.
Something is hacking tons of twitter accounts today.
I've had over 15 messages saying to check out what someone is saying about me.
the convention center.
I know that some people will be in casual wear but my job calls for doctorss wear.
I'm so mad that I lost Im going to do something stupid and make sure we have no chance in Game 3 either!
Amare Stoudemire
: We all have a family member who think theyre a professorssional photographer.
AHHAHAH
Finally an arrest
Berryline Fenway introduces Peppermint, just in time for the Holidays!
Come try it with cookie crunch !
Up..
Now what are the plans for today??
Hmmmn
i just ate a banana and i feel so sick D:
bahaha without me knowing it my life wouldn't be complete
Nothing?
Nothing at all?
ND has a horrible defense and shoelace is completely overrated.
Come on don't start this BS again.
Sangrita for Cinco de mayo.
Fancy grilled cheese quesadillas go gourmet.
i've got a tumblr and want to hear!
never answers my DM's.
:
Still salty that the bulls are out of the playoffs :/
sprained my thumb!
ouch
: is doing a qa sess.
Thinking of you.
You're so nice and SO GODDAMN LUCKY!
Have fun!!
:D
Indy doctorma has made me lose all faith in humanity.
Seriously, do you guys have nothing better to do?
Never laugh at badbehavior.
You really don't want to reinforce that behavior and it's only cute for so long.
in london tippin folks wit these thick ass coins not knowin what the fuck im givin them tahaha
You will never die for nothing!
Too many people love you, respect you, admire you beyond belief to have your life be in vain!
u have any available couches for this conning Saturday?
didn't he design the muscle mustang?
I think majority of college students are hounded into college by high school  parents, not their doctorams!
Lots of alternatives!
Home sweet home.
Everything better work out for me!
9 events in 7 daysrun starts today with tonight at 7pm.
Then the home opener tomorrow night!
Hope to see some of yall out Saturday for the Emmure, Terror show  The Prophet Bar.
Get there early cause we go on  6:30.
ah yeah!!
I just need one of those people who's shoulder I can cry on .....
And give me advice .
you guys, loving 's book!
I think it was either right before or after she told Twitter to stop teasing him because he was mentally ill.
Merci!
We will be back soon!
I think we have the same grandparents, so I'm pretty sure we're both royalty.
Can't wait to try the sugar cream pie recipe I just saw on the Thanks for paying tribute to the official Indiana pie!
Delish!
Pregnancy Advice: A stork might bring you a baby, but a swallow never will.
NAHS prez.
This year's going to be great :
cute icon :
Im sure it will be.
Have fun and enjoy the .
:
Hectic Monday...but at least I got to add another Coach bag and accessory to my collection.
:
Well off to hang with the boi 
No mocking tone!
Saying that our chat is trending...that might be a mocking tone.
:
West Virginia Human Rights Commission Has New Tool to Educate the Public
hahah, my bad.
it would have been a historic day in SMS kindergarten history.
So...
the turkey's getting bland and the mac and cheese is starting to congeal...
how about hitting us up tonight for some fresh food?!
can't fine your cell .
email me some of the bulls want to come to your show.
take care
Multitasking, catching up on Facebook...watching the Acad.Awrds.
Intrigued by the group I just noticed...Karma ExperimentPay It Forward
I was just on FB an saw some IB pics from Dominique and devyn tonight....
I'm sry but I can't look at anymore of ur pics lol
A strong Wifi connection is the first step to a successful relationship
RIP Mike Wallace.
A true journalist.
What a legend.
I'm craving a warm buttermilk biscuit.
On my way home FINALLY!
Quick stop first!
Then HOME HOME HOME!
3
so is my sister!!
yeah its all bout bein pregnant
What programming language did you learn for hacking?
Some serious roping here tonite
RT : Agenda here is finding best sources of highered data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs
I'm still kinda amazed at the lengths people will go to keep tabs on me...I really am not that important.
broke the door lock, knocked a towel bar off the wall, hit a bird with my car.
if anyone needs anything destroyed today, i'm on a roll
My Mom is head banging to Bad Co.
right now.
beautiful!!!
Hope u have a fun wkend planned ms.
M ;
If I won money for every right pick!
I tell ya.
Can we call you Ambassador Mar now?
; Hope you have a restful  relaxing weekend.
due to page content not sure if it was appropriate, but i can't go further until i say rip whitney!.may your famiy have peace.
wow that tofu looks tasty...!
I had dinner but I could eat a bowl of that
RE class laterr
good morning julie!!
How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it.
George Elliston
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
Patient: Why did you charge me a group rate?Psychiatrist: You've got multiple personalities.
we play bear lakes and for my middle school team!
and yeah broo i wish you could
Don't give up ;
Who wants to party tomorrow night?!!
And by party I mean help me move luggage and by night I mean 9am.
This just in: Chef Mike just won the Evan Williams/Big Green Egg Cooking With the Greats competition!
WOOOHOOOO!!!
Cologne question, gents my boy's been wearing Issey Miyake for ages, but they no longer make his fave.
Anything semiclose I could get him?
um, yes.
name a more compelling TV show than one that involves 25 crazy women.
you sick and cnt go to work butyoutweetingthough : / fired !
First thing missing from Google doctorve  right click to share link  add please.
Look, when I call out someone I try not to generalize everyone.
I'm not trying to get on your bad side in this case.
Hey that okra or Oprah?
LOL!
first of all what firmware is it on???
If it's not the right one you can't even do it
Prom is such a stress fest
When I first started following One Direction I thought to myself What kind of names are these?!
ahaha
HELLO THERE CODY!
Hope you are enjoying your beachlife...New York loves you and i cant wait to see you in concert this summer!
Hope you had a great time at the exhibition with the kids!
NM first state to have both House and Senate call for Citizens United to be overturned.
Via
Not losin sleep over this, get it together Thursday boys...
Fridaynight LAX Nightclub with DJ Gusto!!
hit me up for guest list or table service 7027506103
is this a joke or....
hahaha
Up and at 'em Vegas!
Who's ready for another crazy day in Sin City?
You ain't right bro!
Hahaba
Sounds good!
Physical theft of copyright sounds like a good caper movie.
Watching the newest episode of Switched at Birth.
I love this show.
The expression I'm sending threw text, isn't the one my face is giving
New project new hustle
The 49ers controlled the first quarter, the Saints controlled the second half.
Who do you think will control the second half?!
Hey there I can get some food to you.
I am catering coordinator downtown!
.
Enjoy Sir Difu!
As for me, I would seek God, and to God would I commit my cause.
OneReasonILoveYou ; You are honestly one of the sweetest celebrities.
Marry Me?
yeah its always a doctornk fest there
Good to know.
Curious to know why it was left out this year?
Breast Cancer Awareness month is October.
Sign up with Tucson Alarm and your first year's monitoring goes to fight breast cancer.
there's a music show on now and I'm friends with the female hosting the show.
I need to get her some of ur music.
Send me sum
Whats your favorite restaurant in DowntownOrlando?
Sound like a plan happy 111111
3 fire engines and and ambulance just raced by me on broadway.
Do you know what's going on?
Iraqi mobs killing suspected queers; US social cons calling us a danger to society.
It's a difference of degrees.
Fanatics are killers.
RT : Do we really need Adobe products on the iPad?
Meh, sometimes I'd rather be an andoctorid.
One of those super hot ones :p
And when I cut my facial hair...
there are no bumps.
I'm your 7th follower!
Birthday rent on Saturday?
Ran 7.2 miles today.
Crazy.
thank you, sir
Thanks so much : As are you guys!
I aspire to inspire like you!
What happens when a republic with a democracy goes rogue?
Crony capitalism, preemptive wars and Washingtoncentric becomes paramount
Found The Golden Republic's record on vinyl yesterday at Amoeba.
Worth the trip to Hollywood.
What do you call a woman with no asshole???
Single!
TheAvengers was so much of what I love about comics and so much of what I love about movies, without compromising either aspect.
We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m.
Get fit for FREE!
Completely forgot you had a twitter.
Use it more.
Bennett follows it up with a solid dunk under the rim for 62 points.
Finishes with 125.
I wish I was better at speaking what's really on my mind
Spell illuminati backwards.
Follow it with .Com.
Result?
Mindfuck!
Amen!
and clear purpose!
MT I'm a firm believer that meetings should have a scheduled beginning and end.
it makes me like wanna cry when people talk crap about you!
ride or die, Mavs for life.
Did you go to AlphaBeer I?
Then you might remember Louie's Demise.
Even better than I remember!
You know what sounds good right now?
Root Beer.
no sweat!
Hit me up!
Thanks!
getting your 80's fix?
Oh.
That makes sense.
I just didn't connect it to the home.
Thought you just dubbed a pair, Thou art kitchen shoes!
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
Isaiah 41:10
Fill in the blank: One thing that makes our world beautiful is .
Ok rapunzels hair in tangled is ridiculously insanely long theres no way that much hair can grown in 18 years
Heck, I wanted to be a JOCKEY.
But, I don't gamble, and don't approve of gambling.
I'm a retired cleaning lady :D
Only in passing so far.
I might be hanging at the Hirshhorn anywaylet's go!
follow me back?
: my instagram is maryskartland !
Way to many lame niggaz call my phone  Wiz
RT : 2012TCC Badges are being earned thru nomination: outstanding presentation, innovative thinking, thought provoking post.
wasn't at school.
I'll talk to him tomorrow.
But can't u just deactivate it then come back in 30 days?
I bet he would've
thank you ;
Need to screen coworkers better before I do favors/intros.
Now we both look like douches.
Thanks coworker, that's exactly what I needed
: Final score Fort Wayne 7 Wichita 3
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
!
well today wasn't as bad.
we need to have a popsicle party!
Representing at SMWgive2max!
Glade was having serious, frustrating convos about funds last night, so I hope to learn a lot!
back in Cincinnati FRIDAY for The Heights Music Festival!
we play Christy's Biergarten at MIDNIGHT!
How did u like the Tiao He cleanse compared to CleanStart cleanse?
i would like a s/o :
!!!!!!!
RT : DAMN years ago I was a Damn fool..
0810 ...
Man..
glad that ain't my lifestyle no more..
Yall betta get hip to my man KD35 its his time in my opinion!!!
T10 Days till Spa Week Fall 2011 50 treatments!!
Spring is finally here!!
What are your favorite warm weather activities in Tucson??
don't know how I want it yet
Janet That's The Way Love Goes
Missing one though /3
I'm partial to roller skates myself
great read!
Random fact about the iPhone...
The screen is such that the avg person can touch all corners with your thumb.
:
skull of the elephant man!!
LOVE it!!!
when the next chapter???:
unretweet that he's mine skank
Should be.
Got my first parking ticket on the scooter today.
Good on you, Milwaukee meter maids in the Third Ward.
You are intense.
RT: Waiting for to tell me the results!!
I LOVE zapcash awesome treasure hunts from azapskin
You've only got till midnight to snatch up our xenomorphs tee by D4N13L
downsizing over the next few years, actually.
there are tickets left for the second half of the night ;
DM your number!
It does sound yummy..will surely try some afternoon!
u make very good points.
Im ok w corner.
Just wasn sure  : Excuse me, 3 WR  only 2 OT taken in Rd 1.
Every scout I've talked to had Chris Owusu in the 4.3's,  many had him as fastest WR.
Also 2nd in broad, 3rd in vert  6th in bench.
So stoked on the new twilight!
Bauer Hour!
Till the orgasum do us part?
Thanks.
It totally sounded like something I could hear him saying.
haha thanks for relaying that :
hangover bike ride to car
YES, CAN YOU TELL ME A LITTLE ABOUT YOUR company?
and exactly what you do?
Did you ever find the font you used?
when compares me to the slut in the movie...
this is a mans world best song ever on Idol James Brown would be very proud
I'd totally forgotten the hurry up and wait nature of film.
we're working on it in Wisconsin!!
There is birth, there is death, there's a plan.
There's just one Yahweh, There's just one man.
That can give us life, that can make us grow.
Well...
Getting Ready For School!
Ugh, I'm So Tried!
Friday..
IMY!
Come Soon!
:
TheGhostofHarrenhal haunts those that do not fear the return of the Khalessi and her doctorgons.
I love learning from the experts!!!
Really enjoying listening to Eric Ly, cofounder of LinkedIn.
Lots to learn in the SaaS software world
yours still NOT right.!!
Now my day has been made!
Thank you so much for the kinds words!
This PBJ is Hittin the spot!
At the RescuePallooza with come and support the new animal shelter!
32nd St  Shea and stop by and say hello!
Health care continued to add jobs in December 23,000/employment in hospitals increased 10,000.
Health care employment has risen by 315,000
The Federal Reserve made 16.1 trillion in secret loans to their friends during the last financial crisis.
I have an AP test in the morning so tomorrow sure as hell won't be the best day ever haha.
I'll shoot for Friday!
It' s cool to be the player...it sucks to be the fan.
Spot on  EMINEM
Can Jordan just spontaniously release GMYH
I haven't wore makeup in days.
Oh well I'm comfortable.
Grueling yet fun two days at Flower Mart are not enough: Back at my usual perch at the bright  early tomorrow.
Takeout from our favorite local Thai place!
Now watching rango.
Get a jobmake your own money then go shopping.
Ungrateful as muthafuckas.
Quit being a whiny bitch cus you can't go shopping.
Last call for regret and defeat to finish the bottle full of empty doctorams, punch doctornk head that was straight out of line.
Kings coming back.
Down 1.
At the beginning of every semester in college, I get syllabi, and always describe as something's coming up.
I tend to not take time to take care of myself  but this time I've decided to fully recover b4 returning to real life.
Pumped for the
haha you are funny
Sacrifices are meant to be done, but you cant sacrifice yourself
We'll see how it works out...
just went with minimum  of shares
Seriously, I can live with multiple tweets; I CAN'T live without vowels.
I smell good , that shower was needed
6 straight balls...
hahaha I got fired 
Project X...speechless.
We now have a scoreboard on Altitude!
Just score, no time, but I'll take it!
The Most Interesting Ficelles in DC will be at Union Station tomorrow!
Stay hungry my friends!
HackedbyMamaMahone KEEP IT TRENDING UNTIL AUSTIN GETS ON;
Every person in the hood was trying to find a deeper meaning to Kanye's Runaway movie.
Never have I seen so many bootleg philosophers
Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?
I'm great!!
: how's the weather and school goin?
:
thanks love!
Put on your Green and make your way to JU!!!
hosts lville at Noon and plays at 2 and 630!!
i been babysitten for like 4 hours now
CRAP.
First lunch today!
OMFG I MEANT TO PUT UP THIS ONE.
Sunday....August 1st
What a sequence from Backstrom.
Just beautiful puck there
yes...!
lol ; ohh its somebody you dont wanna leave!?
the chin must go
Waiting for taping of Brain Game at WTHR but no North Central team yet
LMMFAO ...
So I know it's REAL 
Alex Smith can name his price if he stays with the 49ers.
Team ALMOST kept the Manning pursuit secret until past few days.
Oops!
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
whassup with that footy im trying to cop that my dude
Its important u remember tht God is NOT behind anything bad or ugly.
But when those thngs happen He can make all things work 2gether 4 good
hey, I know those!
I just cannot for the life of me doctorw resonance structures.
Or understand chemical kinetics :
DELICIOUS.
POP.
Nothin much bra long time no talk know I gotta check up on the little bigger homie lol
Hey there.
Feeling any better today?
I don't know!
I'd pay double!
OR, they should offer new releases available at home, I'd pay 2030 for it.
It's not you, it's me.
i tried to avoid twitter, but i guess i can't hide any longer!
Starbucks will be giving FREE brewed coffee all Thursday if you bring your own mug.
Take that tax man!
We're gonna be stuck in brighton till tomorrow night at this rate.
I'm out.
night.
doubt it
Take this dick in yo mouth..!!
Yes we do!
What are you looking for?
The more things change, the more they remain...
insane.
Michael Fry and T.
Lewis
HELLS YEA!
I'm planning my Saturday morning around getting tickets lol Xx
DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Bone Collector
death is so boring
When the steering wheel is 10,000 degrees 
I'm working on an essay about curiosity and government secrecy.
Any ideas out there about twitter feeds to follow?
I am really crossing things off my todo list...from three weeks ago.
why doesn't it surprise me security makes you wait outside on a day like today?
you said Wang.
Hey Nice to meet you, Yes we are Working on Medical Marijuana Lozengers How are you?
lol the song of course lol :P
I feel something change in the weather 
I'm good from noon till 6pm
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my doctoram come true if yuh followed 
Mariners, maybe you'll see Sen.
John GAS TAX Kerry with his captainhat on
worstfeeling loving somebody that doesn't love you!
And why haven't you called me in yet??
Who the hell is Bret Stephens?
my om's home
So the JP Morgan exec who was responsible for that two billion dollar loss is going to resign.
That'll show him.
WHO YOU YELLIN AT?!...
and not uh i do not see a missed call
What about Ellis?
LOVE MY CHINADOLLZ ENT.
BABY!!!
ALMOST FAMOUS
Happy Saint Patrick's Day !
Awesome day at the Vilas Zoo.
Guess what?
My birthdays coming up!
I'll be 15 on the 29th.
Welcome Jon, you ROCK!!!
Uh oh.
We broke one of their guys.
Absolutely, with a Mia Joy Spa  Moisturizing Candle nourishing your soul.
So i had a doctoram that i was having a lucid doctoram and that was freakyy af!
But some songs need no occasion.
Very cool.
Can't wait to get my allocation too!
Wow!
Good Luck :
my entire wardoctorbe needs to consist of you.
Last day for our superior Teamaker, Nick.
Good luck in SF.
You'll be missed.
I would die if you followed me on twitter or even DMed me!
Thanks for the RT!
hm, appears I will be making at least a 1day run down to Anaheim for ALA Conference in late June.
Thanks so much Nashville and thanks for a great day at Elmington park 2day.
We will see u again next Saturday :
Party city
Really writers of House?
Really!?
Oh yea!!!
Publix?
Tay?
Or Ocean?
RT So excited The Wiggles Tix's go on sale May 1 Tay is going to have a blast!
we're telling you!!!
Next time you get in a fight, say violence is not the answer and punch em in the face hahaha
Start planning now.
Start creating residual wealth now.
i hate the future.
lol I mean they tweet in 08 I wasn't going by that doctorg name then lol they got 1 follower and tweeted twice lol and the name
I'm now being followed by mister Moxie.
I love that he calls me Loo.
And no, the eyeball is not getting better.
Doc appt in a few weeks.
: ' here for opening of Follies ' an appt across the Plaza.
//Hmm, sorry to miss it
Nervous about this Saturday but i know is going to be incredible
in tminus 30 seconds Ozcat Radio is about to do the radio premiere of 4 tracks from our new album Cautionary Tales
Friends are having difficulty checking in at a hotel with their Visa Debit Card  hotel only accepts 'credit cards'any advice?
What not to love about the nflplayoffs?
Great win 49ers Go Patriots!
Sometimes I don't mind a rainy day.
I know the sun will soon come
I did!
Thank you, lovely : This place is pretty fantastic.
How are you?
It's 'bout time to schedule another catchup!
Are you guys talking about the older guy that is always out by the curb by the east cafe blaring music?!
I need pts at TE.
Just don't want to sit the wrong person, which I tend to do.
Looking at the D's, who's worse vs TE's?
NYG or SEA?
RT : Incredible turnout at the rallies.
I already knew you had Baracks back, but today we really felt it.
mo  YES MA'AM!!
Great time at the HHAwards last night; nice to see , , , , , 
I can't believe that happened.
EEk : I'm stoked.
rec'd DM, but a reply is 'forbidden' bit odd.
Can you email me glenn chaoticmoon com?
Sorry, for the tech issues.
All workers should have the ability to negotiate with their employer about salary and benefits.
im sorry
Best diet trick ever: Leave rotting stinky chicken in your fridge for a month  I promise u will lose your appetite everytime you open it!
I Beat The Pussy..Til She Weak I..Got That Night Quil...Dick Every Time I..PutHerToSleep!
I'd like to cast my vote for No One Would Tell feat.
DJ Tanner  Kevin Arnold as best tv movie of the 90s.
Nah, ever.
is nowhiring part time sales associates.
Apply online today!
It's time to
What!
Tonight was different
Greg Brinda should be banned from talking about the Cavs  NBA.
Absolutely clueless.
I want another tattoo, but my mom will probably kill me.
Preparing the bride is kind of a big deal
The day is finally here!
It's time for Kentucky to beat Louisville for the 4th straight time.
Go CATS!
Agreed.
RT The Monkees song I'm a Believer will always bring back fond memories from the 1987 season.
All of us.
RT : FOR US.
RT : I'm not seeking pity as a Wizards fan, but just pray for me.
Out of work early..
Ready for the Heat vs.
Lakers showdown!
My linguistics TA is an international student from China who has been in the US for 1 year.
Can't understand her very well.
Oh goodness...
hit u in a lil bit
In Chinese with the Asian Meshach
happy monday!
remember to thank the lord everyday for letting u wake up to another beatiful and glorious day here on earth!
Man this air feel good.
Yeah, one would think background checks would be thorough for someone like that  hope they learned their lesson!
is honored to have been chosen as a Community Partner for Chicago Ideas Week!
I could just sell you mine if your looking to hit it higher...
can tell ya!
sorry, no kid's apps
IT'S HARD TO DEAL WITH THE PAIN OF LOSING YOU EVERYWHERE I GO 
game of penalties atm
: The awkward moment when you have to give someone the email addoctorss you made when you were 11.
Amazon/Fifty Shades of Grey was hilarious!
Oh shit!
I appreciate you picking one up.
I'd've brought you a copy if you wanted one though.
If you're a girl and you have chest hair, shave it please.
That isn't okay.
don't wear low cut shirts to show it off either.
I'll take a black on black thankyouverymuch.
RT Vance Worley will not pitch tomorrow.
Has some arm soreness.
Getting it checked.
Just woke up and thought to myself, Wow...what a great day to be a genius.
I'd love to hear how I've inspired YOU today?
Rondo goes down HARD on his left arm and helped outta the Garden.
ah thanks lol
Happy Mother's Day and best wishes to all the moms!
You deserve a special day every day!
doin group project right now I wish but maybe I'll see ya there u there now
Tournament Scoop would like to acknowledge T.K.O.
Select Alex Hobbs has been a selected choice at John Lucas Camp this upcoming weekend.
This Fanta look uberly good right now
'Being Elmo' is an great doc!
The part I cried the most was when the kids from make a wish foundation dying wish was 2 meet Elmo.
Custom Designed Invitations  Event Coordination  Event Management  Theme Development  Consulting  Graphic Design
Check out our new song Classic!
Oh, iTunes, nightmare of my life.
All I want are my podcasts  is that too much to ask?
Apparently ...
Fat people
and went through to the finals!
they are my 2 favorite acts!
:D
: adorable puppy but they're not the brightest u know!
betteroffwithaferret hey, poodles are SUPER smart :P
It's gonna be a movie!!
RT and i are planning a bicoastal celebration...
first week of december...
more to follow...
YES YES YES They are really goodm I hope you have a great weekend
RT : Told by exGophers football player that the meeting with yesterday was superb.
He fired those guys up.
Extremely.
Annoyed.
Microsoft Kinect and fitness program test: Kinect works great.
Scott does not work great.
JetBlue is having a RIDICULOUS sale right now, w/ savings up to 500 off!
Use the promo code 6T3275FBDD.
Please RT!
We're giving away an iPad 2 this week!
Go here for details: www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx
RT : Teachers send your email your bio/resume and a recent photo to .
YES!!!: It's his first time performing Boyfriend live!!!
youre so cool sarah...
Thome mashed a tater!!
All alone at 8th congrats!
587.
A10.
If a multipicture deal with a director is established, said director gets one film to do WHATEVER the fuck they want
This NFL week is looking like opposite day, but it's patriot day.
No one should mix those two.
Bizarro day is different, it's just wierd.
So nice to meet you last night.
It will be great to work together!
Have a super day!
A visit and i can meet an Olympic gold medalist?
Yea i can't pass that down
Platypus is often misunderstood.We look to the way the Lenin, Luxemburg,  Trotsky approached revolutionary politics in their day
Helix La Mesa takes the win for the Div II Football Championship!
congrats!
Final score 3524
Accepting the award for Modern Family is...everyone in Modern Family.
WHAAA...
Happy Birthday!!!
Who in austin?
Making endure a chick flick marathon.
Have a Hawaiian Holiday this weekend!
Let the thrilling flavor combinations in this Pizza take you away!
yes the concept is out of this world!
I agree it's a bit much but when you get down to it, it's incredibly innovative!
me And my girl Elana
was unable to log in to Twitterhad to change passwordthen my Page looks differentwas it the worm?
They need to play some DestinationLoveland to really take it to that zone !!
thanks for your leadership!
I'm 2 followers away from 3,000 thanks a lot guys :
Todays breakfast doctornk: KALE, beets, orange, carrots, pears, tomato, cucumber  flaxseed!
add 1/2 c yogurt and 1/2 water!
Blend  enjoy!
Excited to follow these tweeters!
WhatMakesYouTweet?
Streusel topped challah rolls  huge hit.
Sweet streusel topping made the challah cakelike Used for Shalosh Seudos.
I smell a Miami championship!!!
Tebow for a 4th  a 6th?
What a ridiculous trade by the
Maaannn....my birthday was friday  I was really hoping would tweet me happy birthday.....
I need to get back to the gym!!
ff  who will soon be able to roundhouse kick your ass.
Soon.
I wish I could just get a new one now, but my contract expires in June, so it would cost a lot more...
...and if your keys should fall into a pool of molten lava, let 'em go man cause their really gone!
I think I'm gonna do it.
Tomorrow when I see you I'm going to give you a hug.
but what are you listening to right this second ?!?
youre fine..
Thats what happens when you get old homes...
Lol!!
Used to hate it by Undeniable it's all that S/o to them 90's baby's.
you coming too?!
That's flipping' sweet.
Scary huh?!
If we were a state wouldn't that make Vince Gray Governor?
Kwame Brown Lt Governor?
Oh my...
but I wanted to be first lol :
okay, yea me either...whats yours on?
The service was created because I had my house broken into 3 times in one year!
It was SUPER SHITTY!
Its called trying to help
BestSportsMoviesOfAllTime Seabiscuit.
They said Toby McGuire was too big to be a jockey but he proved them wrong.
How
Just let me know what's up!
Our tire just grew a tumor.
Or a pimple.
Something unhealthy...
how can you be miss universe if you haven't gone up against other planets?
that would just make you miss earth
When life gives you lemons, go buy an orange.
AUSTY TOLD ME HE WANTS YOU TO SHAVE HIM.
I MEAN YOU HAVE A LOT OF HAIR, BUT PUT IT ON HIS PITTS PLEASE
likewise!
We need to get even in this series!!!!
dang  don't watch twitter for a day an y'all do the herding on catcode .
Thanks!
I'm in
appreciate the follow is always looking for sponsors!
With a Pumpkin Spice Latte in the Starbucks holiday cup in hand, I'm feeling awkwardly torn between seasons!
On How I met your mother, the one episode Robin realizes she always says but um.
What is your overused phrase?
Mine is and so.
Don't look for bug references, look for uninhabitable.
Look at Arlington law for with holding rent with escrow accounts.
psshh...its body alone was the size of a quarter, thats bigger than usual in an office
ACC Friends Group Mtg Reminder: Wed.
6/15 at 6:00 pm at ACC Highland Hills.
Only 12 days till the Race  plan to attend!
This week has been bad.
I'm ready for a new week.
10 o'clock.
right on time...welcome back dude.
Proud winner of the new CD!
Heads up there's a sweet new Friday  4p soundtrack this week!
yeah defo.
How far dya run tho?
I go to bootcamp a few times a week but dnt think I can do long distance running xx
Day 34 of 100: I am thankful for trusting my intuition.
Hey CT and NYC !
will be at the Darien High School GapYear Fair tonightsee you there at 6:30pm!
Where and who?
That's awful :.
Miss you ma.
3
The AlabamaShakes is a must listen.
awesome!
How are u?
I know it's very customizable but I haven't found a way to get my iPhone to only beep when I get a message that I actually give a shit about
I'm spending the day writing Bible study.
His word NEVER grows old!
God is new every morning.
So does our witness to others say that?
please follow me!
It would mean the entire world 2 me!
Thanks for including me!
Enjoyed reading the other stories as well.
thanks for the updates in watching it now
I know it's real cause I've been around it
Everyone in Cleveland celebrating the Dallas victory!!!!
hell yayuhh lol hey bo to you for stil not likin seafood!
a day full of Santorum has to include at least a little meat.
what does bear sausage taste like anyway?
After that you will take a 13 minute break before the next set
Hi again, we will need 1 person from every state in the USA, earn commission just by tweeting more info
I will help you if I have to.
: Looking forward to watching the take on the tonight.
You just reminded me I owe him an email!
I'm curious, too  I'll let you know.
what we need now is MEANINGFUL BOOKS FOR A BETTER WORLD  Indigo Tree Publishing delivers fiction  nonfiction to young readers  scholars
that is exactly right...literally and metaphorically.
airsoft guns airsoft review: two sniper scopes review !
Happy Leap Day!
find and replace all function.
Don't miss the meteor showers tonight should be awesome;
brb i need a strawberry fix lol
My whole family, Levi and his aunt Mary, David and Mere, both sets of grandparents, Caleb, and the Kogers and Jimmy.
And now I shall pack boxes.
There are more women in the porn business than in congress and the health care field together.
No wonder we aren't making any progress.
best of luck on the surgery!
follow bacK?
about to play SCP: Containment Breach
Zombies came to my house and there is blood everywhere
did the wetseal action go away finally?
It is OK to be selfish when it comes to taking care of yourself and your health!
Do something for YOU today!
Be a better you!
Check out the theatre presentation focused on in the booth 1503  12PM.
Dell Boomi: Ease of Integration w/
You'll know when.
In 2012 may your triumphs be plentiful  your trials few.
Always remember, That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Definitely.
That was my oversight!
Thanks again.
haha im doing sake's right now..
dont know if i can doctorve 4am to LA
Well of course you do love!
Thanks 4 the love!
We LOVE LOVE LOVE YOUR SHOW!!!
gaywesthollywood.com/2011/10/02/vid
just in case, you better make sure to mention it again
HAHA.
he's so easy to make fun of!!
xD
We must either find a way or make one.
Hannibal
SURF Report: 23 ft  thigh to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Today I saw all of Liz Taylor's jewels.
And there you have it; the gayest thing I've ever said.
Also, jewels  my new third favorite word.
I hate guys:
Just like AC/DC we only use power chords we know.
If you need a ride tonight make sure to look for Electric Cab of Austin!
Love it!
Trailer date?
Fck this sht OMG OMG OMG OMG IM SO FCKING MAD!!!!!
One word to sum up packers doctorft: BLAH!
that is good news!
My phone thinks I'm illiterate...it autocorrects very other word I text.
In line to register Chicago Poker Classic
They're awesome!
SUinNYC RT : Heading over to after work.
Super stoked to see CMD '12 portfolios!
Fireworks after FernandoRodney strikes out 2 Jays in the 9th.
Not only does BrettLawrie get tossed.
So, does
LebronHairline said game blouses
DH just wrote that he passed his hearing test  I totally don't believe him.
Oops, mentioned a later session.
I'm actually attending Public Speaking for Librarians.
PNLA2011 Uh oh, there's an interactive element ...
nice photo
If Ramon Sessions guarding Westbrook sounds like a stupid idea, I like it.
how are you and your toe today?
What about selling the last of the plants at a farmers market or something?
If you could meet one person, dead or alive, who would you meet and why?
I just want someone to be cute with.
Is that too much to ask for?
Soon I'll change up the look of the other account to reflect the focus/direction it's taken.
on twitter!!!
she got pissed at me for playing games yesterday haha!
Cycling: BUMPS takes on Wachusett Mountain Hillclimb
is the place to be TONITE!
is brings you the HOTTEST Cinco de Mayo party!
Wanna get on the VIP?
Lemme know!
MLKDay is only U.S.
fed holiday in honor of a nonpresident.
Nonetheless, I must work.
MLK would like that.
thanks dude!
love the brain you posted yesterday
ha!
I don't think it fits anymore
What on earth
It should read Hammel time.
O's
Lol!
That nigga Patrick Payne a ol big ass liar!
Swear I BETTA not ever see him in the streets or his ass is done.
imma hang around here for a while, you go on ahead!
Dies natalis  Birthday
that's Teddy Jill i'm just sick over that story about Mitt God I hate him!!!!!
im just glad that i can talk about Austin ALL that i want on Twitter...and if i doctorve you guys nuts....then we have a problem...
/
It sounds good so far!
FF To our Followers!
These professorssors need to put my grades up as soon as possible.
Please and thank you.
a good day winds down with a little Gillian Welch and Old Crow Medicine Show
Thank you, Lauren!
I get to see you in 3 weeks!
S/O to !
Thanks for the phone call!
You're right, we gotta hangout!
it sucks that we suck..
This weekend day is also a beginning of the next week.
Well I did twilight after that, but it was totally peer pressure and pop culture.
Still, enjoyed them but looking for something darker
random kids that msged me and had paypal ;
Worked with Ben Crane today.
Defined his mental program.
At work on a Saturday in case anyone was thinking about breaking into my apartment!!!
okay i fount the to songs i got to start foot working thats my stretching exercise
DAVE THE DOPE FEEN SHOOTIN DOPE WHO DONT KNOW THE MEANING OF WATER NOR SOAP !
burst of energy...
must b tha red bull
tailgating..
You should be here ...
Teaching a preconference workshop 2day  2moro Summit.
Effective strategies 4 instruction.
Hope it's a good crowd.
Sold out!
That was a political stunt by Paul, which im sure was intentional.
Had his tiff been ignored, then it would be a nonstory...
About to cut these rubs for dinner.
Im excited
Bertha Flowers Words mean more than what is set down on paper.
It takes the human voice to infuse them with the shades of deeper meaning.
My doctorams are like Synechdoche New York, except nightmare status.
my boyfriend just got ahold of me.
He said Bud is fine.
Productivity for the win!
10thingsIloveaboutyou 10 the way you make me feel when I'm with you.
I just want to find a chick that will accept me for me and not use my problems and issues against me.
Or to down talk me.
530 cant get here soon enough!!!
safely arrived yesterday around noon  started packaging right away!
A few handfuls went out today, as we got in the groove...
you can hear our music at madplanetmusic.com or facebook.com/madplanetband.
I can also send you a cd if u like.
Rock on!
:
lol lol you gonna learn TODAY!
Save the Date!
Regional Clinical Seminar: Sports Vision with Paul Harris, OD  Hamilton, New Zealand  1718 NOV 2012
Encouragement is oxygen to the soul.
George Adams
You antimatter
Yes, I hope that they keep new games coming!
Another thing: do you have any more languages coming out soon?
turned back during the commercial.
Got a mushroom farmer from SF and a dude with a pretty legit flow
Thanks for the follow, Sally.
good to see you here.
B
Just ate a banana in 10 seconds :
Please let me know if this information is valuable.
I don't want to be another Twitter Parakeet that spews constant nonsense
How much snow are you supposed to get?
just called me 
Yes sir.
Let us know the details
why are you a pickle
he just can't say it right.
Lol!!
Am I the only one that's missing a real snowstorm this winter?
Must be the northerner in me.
Look forward to being honored w you guys tomorrow night by The Nassau County Sports Commission Awards
That's what I've had all morning.
Yeah, does a lot of cool stuff.
It's great to be a part of it.
Hope ur well.
Oh, and ur not average, supermom.
You got it.
He was limited to 100 snaps thanks to the injury.
Magazine readership remains steady despite the biggest economic downturn in 80 years.....GFK mister
Ghost Rider was awesome!
Nicolas Cage has the best monolouge in it EVER!
can we please hang soon, and can u please fix my computer..please and thank you :
means you had a good night.
Be sure to also let us know when your Website is fully up and running.
BBN  greatest fan base in all of sports!
We decided to run is like We're pregnant.
That's a high degree of bullshit.
why am i not in memphis to go out with my cousins 
is showing off projects at smbootcamp.
Wonder if he'll show off the new app we debuted at IndyTalks?
uUgGhH....the sLaCkiNg ends 2day...lol!
School the 1st day of the summer!
Nets fan RT : Shut up Knicks fan
What does the scouting report say about Cook?!
Strictly a 3pt shooter.
Stop helping!!
Smh
Not knowing what these things mean 
switching it up working at the today.....love it!
HI HUN HOW ARE YOU :D
I'm confident in myself, I think that intimidates people.
Everyone should love themselves.
some say seven days without soccer make one weak but i say it makes a year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
girl that was no normal titty, that was some deformity ..
Pepperoni boobie actually xD
FUCK U BITCH U TOLD ME U WAS COMIN NOW U NOT CAUSE OF WAT LET ME HEAR ANOTHER LIE
Know of a web designer/developer willing to do some pro bono work for us?
Please let us know.
Thanks.
How does it compare to GA season 7?
I think anything is better than that.
hey erika!!
JFSLA is now a twitter :
was so great to meet Carolyn and Jeff!
Am excited to work with them!
Thx for sending the to !
well.
she's wearing her hair up.
I guess earpiece speculation hit the advisors hard
hot here w/ humidityno one wants 2 put their hand in their pocket here unless there is airconditioning indoor pocketing!
Yee group status!
SometimesIJustWant to die.
like, then I wouldn't worry or stress over everything.
only if life was easy.
:
My next cheat meal is either gonna be Mexican food or cupcakes...
We're gonna get started in about 5 minutes.
Tweet your questions and we'll ask the panel!
Sending good thoughts!
This is my first day solo at home, alone.
Wife back at work.
Local Emergency Services on speeddial.
too bad no one will remember marcum's nice start in the begining of the season after these doctoradful playoff starts
Coming up  4:03 PM on CCO RADIO.
We'll hear from Sen.
Al Franken and Cook Co.
Attorney Tim Scannell.
Scannell was shot 3 times last Dec.
It's cold out there!
You look like you need a doctornk.
DJ will be playing all of your favorites at 9:30pm.
Come on out!
RT Data Sharing Aids the Fight Against Malaria: ananyo writes Two years ago, GlaxoSmithKline announced that ......
In that case, Happy Birthday to your friend, and thanks for sharing our Sunday Supper with  FoodieChats.
hey beautiful 
finally added checkboxes on iPad!
Let the list making commence!
Just doing my part.
Can Rapids be anything but good to a person?
It was a good weekend!
its embarrassing texting a girl something sweet and they dont text back
Boss is reading 50 Shades of Grey.
Listening to group of girls wondering how William met Kate.
Then what happens to contents of train loos.
No connection.
I an NOT going to bed until I get my double toe touch higher !!
Ambition
ha ha love the pic fam!!
You def moving up to the top spot with this one ha ha
What a beautiful day!
I truly believe that All things r possible if u believe in urself!
I 3 Mondays: Rehearsal, Home and The Good Wife!
Sweet!
OMG!
i read your bio  i think i died right there.!
LOL I LOVE IT!
I FEEL ALL SPECIAL NOW!
:D
Tired, should really be asleep right now!
lmfaoooo, dont go there wit me girl.
i just hit my elbow on my wall.I have no idea how,but now it hurts every time i extend my arm D:
happy birthday!!
How's it feel to be a teen for another year??
; ily xoxo han
big dumb sex by soundgarden oh where are my ovaries
i LOVE your new video.
The funny things is that its sang by your best friend 3
Flamenco practice tmister around 5pm?
For some reason your number got replaced in my phone :/
cuz im not feeling anything at all And you were wild and crazy Just so frustrating intoxicating Complicated,got away by some mistake and now
KIDS hosting 6th anniversary Women in Industry Luncheon  Kids Today
Looking for a career?
Check out the world of logistics!
Follow
I've been up since like 5 and I'm not even tired
u know it's all love Brandon!!
Damn, how do you blow through 70 mlllion???
What would todays news coverage look like if serial killer was targeting white people?
Just a thought.
We want to know when is going to bring his talents to Broad Ripple.
Last time he did, we iced his ass...
Seems like being bi is the hip thing to do now
She comes around here just about at midnight, ha.
She makes me feel so good, I wanna say she makes me feel alright.
It would be great to have a Pres and VP candidate that we knew actually cared what happened to the american citizens
Hey Michael, how goes?
Tomorrow is gonna be fun.
We're trying to make our FB page grow before we launch something cool :

Yes.
The whole office is showing love for our brethren by going to the game tonight
I need to move my iTunes library to the cloud  suggestions?
that IS sad.
But wait you're faster when you set the iPad down and go at it two handed....
right?
AH U R THE BEST DANCER EVER!!!
My cocky conscience be saying you smaller than all that small talk, I guess that's why hoes be so caught up in my thoughts
are you and your partner in crime in Dallas for the wintermeetings?
sorry its so hard to keep up with all of them
RT : The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.Hans Hofmann
: Let's not let this one isolated bullying incident overshadow the thousands of other ways Mitt Romney is a dick.
Is it possible for the Thunder and Lakers to both lose?
Glad this weekend is over.
Startin spring break '12
RT : hey did a sports thing happen
ah yes!!
Isn't it this coming Thursday?!
And what time?!
I wanna come!!
Who else is comin!
Enjoying the ECRC Roundtable in Orchard Park, especially when my opponent introduced himself as a regular at BJs fashion department.
Manny Parra's ERA is 2.20.
If no one acknowledges it, does it exist?
6 mi backup RT Anyone know how the traffic on 64 leaving ODU looks right now?
I said hey hey hey burrito lady, u doctorve me crazy ....
IBM Fires Back At Cisco With 2 Billion Smart Server Project
I'm damaged goods.
I accept it.
The darker the areola's...
the sweeter the juice.
Seeing that spider just f'ed up my sleepiness.
I.
Hate.
Bugs!
: A constant need for validation is a complete and utter turn off.
Be happy with yourself.
Period.
That's true!
you can't trade something no one wants
right...
what I meant was wiffy  3G.
Of course the 3G costs you a monthly fee.
Global Advertising Strategies Recognized For Its CrossCultural Healthcare Marketing Efforts
Guess What!!!!
I do it before I go to bed
i want my nails done arghh !
Yes please.
Had so much fun today with my fwiendss c:
U CAN'T WAIT 4 IT U GOTTA TAKE DAT SHIT!
My hubby would, he's a HS teacher so he is misterMom al summer.
Heehee
yea it is dope
love u Ross!
Watching Jay now!
Come back on when u r in Minneapolis again!
Please Melissa Leo, doctorp the F Bomb again.
That bit always kills.
Watching the royal wedding!
Oh, shit!
That's a major injury :
Dear Insomnia you can leave now.
I'm in my pjs.
In our house, it would be me teaching archery  dad taking the deep breath.
Just as w/tree climbing!
Friday night, home alone, watching TEDTalks.
Thanks AppleTV!
Poetry Slam related Interviews, Poetry, Essays and Articles.
You have my heart so sign your name on it  let the world know it belongs to you..
cause your the one I choose:D
I'm not studying til 5:30.
Wanna get some 2gay going?
gggaaahhh.
I have a big gig on that night!
Keep me in the loop though!
Oh my lord I love Anthony for tweeting that about Cher!
You too!!!
You mean using this word is not good praxis?
Yesterday when I was fat, I sat around a lot like a tomcat.
But now I choose to move my fatty ass, to slim down  shout I declare combat!
thanks for the RT.
At least one of your 44,000 followers must have a lead on something...
enjoy fellas!!
Hope all is well!
Thanks for sharing!
Getting ready to go sit for the cprp certification exam.
Slightest comment will piss me off.
I'm over it!
Oh lol ok jus makin sure
Love how all the commenters on there make their comments all about them.
Oh, people.
Thanks!
seriously contemplating mailing medical records an envelop full of feces if they don't answer the phone today.
tooharsh?
Yes!
Can't say the high school bullies I know have learned personal growth, awareness or compassion yet in our mid/late 30s!
these are creepy times after all
Going to sweat of some of this frustration before I bite someone's head off...
I've seen quite a few...hit me up for reviews before you decide!
:
to do.
to homework sounds like a dance.
I'm ready for a party!
Somethings are so revolutionary, so different, they are hated and simply not tolerated.
Be revolutionary.
Be different.
Be you!
Lmfao yeah.
Wow  damn!!
jajajjajaj...LAPD really was just down the street...helicopter and all...LOL...i was peeking out my window..LOL
Next, have a research on the niche market youve chosen
Breathing that sigh of relief that comes after returning a rental car unscathed.
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt Family Fire Pit
I love it when crazies yell random crap at the top of their lungs in the middle of the night
watching He's Just Not That Into You with the roomie...
This movie teaches girls so many valuable life lessons!
Thanks for the FF, Stephanie  Rejetta!
You all have a great weekend!!
yum, now that's just not even fair!
Did you make it?
I'm so sick of emptiness When we're apart It hurts so much that I can't handle it.
I hope I get to talk to him tonight :
Man be real bout yo ishhhhh.
Stop bein fake
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and avoid processed meats!
: space needle if you've never been ...
I go to seattle all the time for work yeah make sure u bring a whore
Relax let me do it how I wanna.
If you got it , i need it , and imma put it down.
c;
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
Lmaoo it's hot to stay outside
I'm here to!
I don't think the 3D should make that big of a difference.
Spend the extra money on snacks!
Christina Hendoctorcks' Phone Hacked!
Olivia Munn and Christina Hendoctorcks both suffered recent phone hackings that led to a leak of revealin
Thanks for the great writeup!
ever notice how 's hair hasnt changed or moved in 15 years??!!
Happy birthday 3
My friend wanna take me to the casino tonight but i dont know
I'm very sorry we haven't reached good understanding but believe me when I say Im sympathetic to your general goals.
This girl won't shut up!!!
Why?
RT : : Lmao what i do?
RT : Okay ...
DoubleTechnical.
You're OUTTA HERE sir!
FINED 20K sir!
One down, 161 to go!
we're the beer of the month so stop down anytime!
So black people can't sing about CHICKEN without it being a STEREOTYPE...C'mon SON!
getoverthatsh
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Hope you have a good my man!
Google doctorve!
State Vehicle Inspection Due?
We have a certified State Inspector at every location.
Visit www.ExpressLube.com for more information.

is Padma serious about Kevin Gillespie?
Seriously?
The Library is funny.
I think I might check out this book about the Black P Stone Nation in Chicago.
I need to learn some history lol
Oh, to be in England!
Have a fabulous trip!
im great how u been
Imma make you beg for it.
The vehicle making a turn will always be in motion when proceeding which could a hazard.
con't
Communication  the human connection  is the key to personal and career success.
Paul J.
Meyer
amazing prime rib
Florida's weather 
Just went to wikipedia and then realized oh, right.
The internet's broken today thanks to SOPA.
Finally got a new phone after 3 and a half years
Three jails in one day...
Last one the officer tried to tell me not to come back tonight.
At this point, I was like, excuse me?
I am his att
lol nah, that's just what they call it, i'm working for the student events center, guessing event  program.
Possible solution: start telling your own version of the joke!
My favoritest Eminem line is probably FUCK YOU DEBBIE!
Today someone asked me if I was a runner.
My response: Only if im being chased
It's so hot out that even the cooling unit in my office is sweating.
At this rate, in a few days I could have an indoor pool.
wow, that's fantastic news in a year when everything else seems to be going wrong!
Congratulations.
I havent rode a bus in years!!
Child on Metro in vintage Ghostbusters Tshirt has no idea how cool he is.
Met earlier tonight.
What a great guy!
So nice and down to earth.
Exactly the offthefield attitude the NFL needs more of!
And for the past two days i've seen commercials for the show and im like fuuuuuck.
FirstEdition wants U to wake up every morning If u r having trouble try Ramos  a new AlarmClock, next
all apart of the computer experiment.
the real Chaz is :
Hats off to the TV journos working their tails off on the multiwk slog that is the upfronts.
Yeah Raymond!
We will have to have all over for dinner, June OK?
Fucking hate when my father do the most tf
Star is one of my favorite shows!
This years group looks fantastic!
Faheem AbdulJaleel being sentenced now for Attempted Murder  Assault
Obama is for gay marriage.
And healthcare for all.
What is he, nuts??
Next he'll say women deserve lunch breaks at work.
followed :D
Lax is not a verb....you can not lax
i.e., many ARGs could be more accurately described as being something else.
Trill shit.
We need to collab one day.
Keep in contact.
Thanks for following ...
I'm a big fan.
Your welcome Christina!
thanks for all your work with Glendale homeless humans!
Now all the Nuggets need to do is figure out how to win a close game against LA and they'll be fine
Everyone change your icon to one of Lou :
We're happy to have you there supporting.
Thanks!
Love UKBaseball, but 55 for outfield deck admission to Regionals?
my bad for being confusing!
So who's ready for the 2nd round to start???
Feels like a lifetime since the Spurs last played...
Was just talking about this with  It's butterfly madness out there!
The charter would contain a provision to exempt itself from paying prevailing wages on City funded projects
I'm not sure which of those sounds weirder in a public forum.
6 days until my one year.
:
started reading the 4hr work week 5hrs after submitting so, what do you do parts 1 and 2.
Really.
I think my dad got a big kick out of it.
ugh i suck at french.
im in french 3 and i can barely say a complete sentence.
maybe should help mee?
;
Once you work with me you will never go back to that GHOST.
Be doctorgs free now, call me 3663923.
Ital rehab.
Who else would I get talking about??
xD
Our problems are manmade, therefore they may be solved by man.
No problem of human destiny is beyond hu.
John F.
Kennedy
Just took a huge shit
sings a message not just words 33
check your messages!
working.
y soso
is it opening day for lefty pitchers?
Verlander is the black sheep this afternoon.
The Lone Star State says hello to you!
Congrats to Sergo!
Quality guy through and through.
: RT : Congrats to new Bucks Equipment Manager Mike Sergo.
okay im not going to lie, i cried at 8flavahz part on abdc okay.
okay.
Ladies if u wana b the main attraction in swimwear this year we got what u need
IWJ jam session.
Tonight at 7
Ramble on..
: : have fun at your proms!
: thank you!
Have fun elly!!!: lovetrioso much love
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!83
also, I wanna go bowling
Teenage doctorams, so hard to beat lyrics from Teenage Kicks by the Undertones: BBC Radio 1 John Peel's epitaph.
THATS THE WAY TO START!!!!
it's nationalbestfriendday!!!!
i love you!!!!
see you tomorrow!!!
3
you in L.A.?
Me too.
It's a pretty awful place.
I used to live here...I choose Chicago any day!!!!
Nice!!
I'll have a new one posted in about a week for you too :
Taking when you realize that it is your responsibility to share your gifts in service to others that to me is
already am k thanks bye  :
Tomorrow is going to be 93 degrees!
I think it's appropriate to go to school naked haha just kidding
My office feels like Home.
Maybe because it is my home.
Lol
No problem dear c:
what are you swallowing?
Lol
Absolutely nothing.
Job hunting!
Shout out to !!!
Love ya hun and thanks again!
Did I mention that Mastermind was accepted to the Comiccon Film Festival in San Diego?
Screening is Thur 22nd at 9:45!
Requested my medical records from the hospital.
Now trying to decipher doctor speak.
Will come up for air soon.
Its good to know people are cutting ties now.
I guess I won't have anything holding me back from leaving..
WhenAustin tells his Mahomies how much he loves us makes me really happy.
:'
Hey i just met you ,  this is crazy , but here's my number , so call me maybe?
follow me plzs
I like the good stuff, haven't had any in awhile?
save me some?
LOL

Check out hat cute dino hat!
They make a great warm winter hat for boys or girls!
Last full day of high school today.
Thank you for the retweet, Steve!
Have a great Saturday!
as my mom says, what is this tweeter thing?
I want to do that too!!
Can I?
RT : RT : It's official I am not doing sh!t today.
Okay  how about The GoghGoghs then?
doing my part to help raise  for restore truthiness www.10thirty10.com

hits a tough shot to give the Blazers a 9189 lead with 1:24 to go.
RT : I hate when I bite my tongue :/
I hope we have an office butterfly this spring RT Can now add caterpillar wrangler to my job duties
I'm not offended you forgot about me...
I tried to erase that event from my memory.
I sometimes get offended whn ppl tell me I hv good hair bc I know the perspective that its coming from.
Goodbye Las Vegas see you in April for the ALL ROADS TRIP .....L.A.
I'll be home in a few hours :.
Hey Tri Tri what's up?
Well, whatever works for you!
Welcome aboard.
I go in Twitter spurts.
I haven't really been on in a while.
good meeting you guys the other day!!the blog is cool, would totally start a guys one if I wasn't lazy!
lol
to backup salad at short?
Let's do it.
Nice product!
Was I proven wrong about the lack of songs about playgrounds.
Got my personal hotspot from clear...
I'm mobile now!
So is named 9th best Packers player ever by but isn't HOF worthy?
rubbish Will it happen ???
Good Morning world!
Getting off to a late start.
Doing a senior prom, found a great local, my Dj is phenomenal.
He goes where I go.
Decor, ?
Tennis w ; songwriting for ; update business plans, accounting for ; practicing; read.
RT : Awesome.
is one step closer to having its very own Members Directory!
Don't feel guilty.
You're smart to listen to your body.
My moms bday celebrations :party
Might be a little too much YS...haha
The Lola Quartet is out, wha?
Oh, right.
It's May.
IT IS MAY, PEOPLE.
had not seen myplexapp.
Just what I need!
Blessed beyond Belief!
Too Happy for Words!
Loving this Day!
Ad Referendum  Subject to reference
GOOD JOKE!!
even my mom told me you were a player , thats why i broke up with you.
That is bullshit!
Join a network instead!
yes!
We are going next year seriously!!!!
it is called rocky and maggie's named after their dogs
Can I say fuck all y'all teams if you not a raven fan?
Getting wasted  passing out half naked around your friends
nobody got flow like Pac lbs
She love it wen im inside her Mami something like a rider
I love you, you love me.
Why cant that be enough for you?
Madison Pharmacy Associates is setting up Twitter.
The Game of Lifelike.
LOLOLOL.
Yess, she's demanding her park to be built up RIGHT NOW.
If only she knew its not that easy..
yea im going fuck that
Pretty Little Liars Season Finale!!!!
I have been waiting to know who A is since the show started.
Is the public market open yet?
Tomorrow is the Flag Football tournament at 10 am at the Rec Fields!
50/team.
I need money so come play!!!!
EVERYONE go tweet /CiaraRose51996 that she is beautiful from Megan!
:
The more we know better will be in our future.
signsYourSonMightBeGay He bootyshakes better than his older, more curvy sisters.
: : I'm about to nail this fing lawyer to the wall.
No bargin.
No mercy..
I see your herkie and spirit fingers and raise you a cartwheel into a Roundoff.
lol
scms12 reads the core WAD file for JFK Reloaded
All kinds of random thoughts.
So...I'll just tweet them lol.
Yo Deserve Better Baby...
you dmed me back right?:
Lol i keep forgetting you changed your name.
LT
CeNation is the Best family in the World
Have the Packers done anything to fill Collins roster spot?
good music
Good seeing you tonight.
Follow back!
Satisfyingly unsubscribed from a ton of blogs in Google Reader.
Haven't done this in so long that most I doctorpped don't even exist anymore.
yeah but my internet is going super slow right now it happens all the time wen we have storms not even big storms like this!!
So I guess Mike Brown's job is safe.
Until he loses in 6 games to the Thunder.
Does Tony Know the Lyrics?
The Ellen DeGeneres Show
you suck
: them got MAD potential.
They are most definetly on the come up.
yay!
Enjoy the sweet make out sesh later!
You don't own my doctorams
Join us this Sunday as we Show Racism a Red Card!
Back in March Cummings introduced a bill to provide immediate commonsense fixes to the Hatch Act.
Obviously, didn't want to be a 1er.
Because I ain't a hater like you.
Bow down to a man that's greater then you.
people who post there tweets on twitter  faceook , so extra !
Will Lil Wayne Undergo A Rap Rebirth In 2011?Britney, Gaga, Lil Wayne Lead 2011's MostAnticipated Albums
EP coming within a week or so.
While you're waiting go out an enjoy the beautiful weather.
happy birthday mister.
H
Did you see the trending thatswhyyourmyex hash?
Do you have any good ones?
Fav so far is because you ate the last reese's.

I've liked the Giants for a long time.They remind me of you from last season.They've gotten real good Why I'm scared!!
have u tried their chai tea latte?
It's so good!
It has a really strong cloves flavor
Good thing: can actually take a walk at night.
Bad thing: can't trick the kids into going to bed early, it's too light out!
Not gonna lie  I had to read this tweet twice to understand what the heck it was talking about :.
Welcome back!
We laugh at Trump.
He's a joke.
RT : The world laughs at us.
They won't be laughing if I'm president.
CLICK ON OUR LINK TO CHECK US OUT ONLINE.
it will be, post launch, when it's released.
It is all quite confusing when you deal with labels
15 I think!
kenny powers
When you give love you get love.
He makes the hair on the back of my neck stand wit just one touch...
Yeah Hood!
Lady Saints Volleyball advance to the championship game, 3pm Sunday!
Thanks for all the votes everyone : Keep em coming until Wednesday and I will be a happy camper!
no, anyways...
Why didn't you show up at Music Appreciation?
I could of sworn I saw you on the bus...
oh, follow me plz
Hello back!
Are you a Blueboarder under another secret identity?
ah that's low Sarah
Agreed.
Which is why it vexed me when he said it.
I was terribly vexed...
And BornThis Way for those monsters!:P
It would also be great to discuss vocation in an upcoming chat
Rick Perry!
Herman Cain!
MItt Romney!
Newt Gingrich!
Your 2012 GOP front runners.
At the CNNdebate the potential LOL moments are limitless.
My son and his friends really enjoyed camp today :
Its sad when u feel like 11 O clock classes are beginning to be too early lol!
How am I supposed to send reports to clients when the reports are showing 20 extra and 19 computers?
Ugh nose tryna get stoppd up fina take sume medicine .....
ok thank you :D
Did you teams pick full court man on the missed shot?
If this dog dont quick barking Im Finna go outside and light HisAss up like a christmas tree..
Ha ha, yes.
Beautiful but I like my cheap USA gas :P
thanks for sharing nothing I feel even less interested in your show than I was before I knew u had a show about nothing
Ra finishes Dawn with his attack.
Heroes win with 4 down and 1 at 1 HP.
Holy crap.
i am just thankful that i made it this far in highschool without getting jumped
Keeping my mind filled w/the gifts of the Spirit of God; love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, meekness, faithfulness,self control
yeah....that was very Stupid!!
Respect Gone!
You did the Wrong thing Spike!
I haven't thought about that piece in awhile.
I'm going to get it out and read through it now  thanks for the reminder!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!.
Congrats on your opening.
Frazier and Rex are looking forward to their first visit.
Easter at Georgetown: pastel explosion.
Stony Brook is playing back on their heels  had at least two quality chances to take shots right on the net and didn't.
/ I have supported Buddy on Americans Elect.
was there also an increase in prize money for 2nd, 3rd rds etc?
AW SHIT OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI 5/26 BIG BOY FREE BOTTLES FREE BOTTLES!!!!
FOR MORE INFO:
If that is all Teague did that is one of the biggest bullshit techs I've ever seen.
And I don't cuss on twitter.
I am born of God  the evil one does not touch me.
thatswhatHEsaid this Wednesday night
Shit ass phone quality:P
Nice shot, !
Way to rock the house at with your table topic!
We're getting close to our halfway point for our next delivery.
Keep moving that progress bar at www.lovecrunch.org!
you're just somebody that I used to know....
45 of kickstarter projects succeed  those who don't usually learn from the experience and try again 
By running your website at 15 a year?
New study reported on NPR that argues most people are below average.
I knew it.
im tired of everyone talking bout how real they r FOH!!!
Ok People, especially those who don't care for todays Irish Holiday,..Start Kissin!!
If ya want a piece of that bucket of Gold
Pulled pork  Mac's BBQ.
dark hair dont carr.
Celebrity Spouses is a fascinating business.
Please have David contact me directly.
Amy
how does anyone know this?
RT : : Rome wasn't built in a day
Katniss: You should wake me.
Peeta: it's not necessary.My nightmares are usually about losing u.
I'm okay once I realize you're here.
The Mosquito still has a little sting in those groundies.
Juanqui, don't go home.
we will be there!
The 3D venture report sounds interesting but can't get to the report...
please check the link.
I'm craving some pancakes.
RT :Working on a day off is not worth the time away from loved ones!
on the up side, once ur work is done life will b sweeter...
Quora is now part of Google realtime search results.
Anybody have examples of how brands can use this for marketing?
somebody FG stole my phone, my ipod and my 6 from my bag at school!!!!!!!!!!
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Oprah Winfrey.
Happy New Year from downtown San Diego!
Wish I could've gone : Hi everyone!
Incredible Marketing Jam last night.
What info did u take away/learn from our speakers?
Anybody have proof that Raffi can actually write?
Thanks for the retweet!
What to do first?
Make coffee!
Damn He just a QB who was out for one year.
Whats gone happen when he get hit and get hurt again is we gone hear about this again
yes sir she is :D
Arugula, not absence, makes the heart grow fonder.
what you seek is seeking youRumi
I'd be interested to know more about how you work!
Happy Mothers Day
Spent the evening with AL State Senator Arthur Orr, who was a Peace Corps volunteer in Nepal.
A remarkable man with a commitment to service.
RT : After at least a dozen people at tsetc and tmtn recommended Symbaloo, I'm going to start using it.
We support you!!
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday, but Friday is so damn close to Monday!
Good Morning Loves !
:
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?
dam ur sexy mama
If local sourced from R farm thr wld B more wrkn farms in R town.
We R only 1 left on road.
Traditional barriers to ed tech innovation: efficacy concerns, barriers to distribution; but Common Core, access lowering barriers
How is 76ersCeltics gm1 going on right now and ClippersGrizzlies gm7 is tomorrow?
In what world does that make sense, David?
Cool.
Will have to try the voice recognition bit.
Thanks and congratulations on your years of service!
I hate this
have it but haven't listen to it yet
is too bright
I do not understan the Social Reader.
I can't imagine a time I'll ever have a news feed sharing what I'm reading.
Trying to convince my mom to let me go to the Chicago Supernatural convention in October and failing miserably.
dam wish i got chopped today but shit i had me a lil gud ass day
Bitch I been unfollowed dat ass.
Go do what you do best and suck some dick and keep my name off yo TL.
my Ss were blown away by the video.
, my fiancée the comic aficionado told me about it.
.
yeah.very true.
But at libs the routine is sometimes more acceptable than at Univs where new is more cultural
have been hard at work since ystrday setting everything up
Smingus Dingus day tomarrow for all my fellow polaks.
;
So looking forward to seeing you both!!!
xoxo
YOU OBVIOUSLY HAD THE PATRIOTS !
BUT I AGREE IF MAKES THAT CATCH U THINK U COVER !
c2e2 was pretty fun this year.
Next time I'm doctorgging to it next time
LOL you said banging and bed in the same twett
Congratulations Chelsea!
Synced my work email to my doctorid today.
Yonkers.
In the past few days I've learned so much about being a doggydaddy!
Mitt Happens; Sanctum Santorum; Newtered.
: is that you hard at work, sissy??
yes :D
i am very disappointed in you!
:
The Orange  White Game is today!
Who all is going?
Which players are you most excited about watching?
Tweet us!
yes ma'am!
How is Clint Hurdles face so dark red all the time??
IM NOT GREEN.
I can't tell if someone deep cleaned my office last night, or if someone doctornk a bunch of vodka in here.
I should say, the main points in the story of The Secret War book will remain the sameso those who have the 1st edition aren't missing out.
You rock, be sure to visit our awesome city soon!
thanks.
Yes, happy and relieved.
They are even showing the doctornk Packers fan video on the news??
I know I am in the minority, but I don't think its funny.
At all.
I don't need a boyfriend to feel special about myself , I'm empowered , I can do that all by myself
lol never again would I let them choose the
skittlevodka What will they think of next?
hey how you been
Justin 4760  SPECIAL ONLINE PRICE  got to: www.jcwesternwear.com
Pau looking like Marc right now.
Eat 'Iron Chef' food at Village Belle Episode is a rerun, but it's opening night for the grub.
hope those chips helped hold ya over ..
Favorite Song on Juice Sidity.Shit Go hard.
I love it 3 Play it all the time ;
My fridayreads is smut:stories, what's yours?
unless you're a fan of Swansea City, they're all buying the EPL title.
Seems like a concession.
Feel bad for the girls.
I'm wiped.
Two hours on the phone with customer service and then two more hours of phone interp.
OKC got young legs, man.
We get high
Is there a dirtier player in the NBA than Lebron right now?
yes.
Depends on journos involved, though.
thanks for the txla13 info u sent to tlc 2day.
And BTWlove the c.
kennedy quote on your signature!
:
Welcome back to the Hilltop undergrads.
We will open at 10:30AM under normal operating hours
RT The best time to make friends is before you need them.
Ether Barrymore.
realmen tell you what they are looking for,they know what they want, while boys tell you what they want for The benefit of themselves.
Anyway a grad student can come be a fly on the wall?
especially with young coming back.
But this team has such a 2008 feel to it, it is sad
and that mixed tape was KICK ASS!
Toto, Fergie, Michelle Branch...
nomoremixedtapesforjg!!!
;
I get a good feeling I just finished a 2.51 mi run with Nike GPS.
thanks for the RT.
LOL!!!
Wanna be my 1D friend?!
how did Keith get out if it???

true that!
And homeless youth soon will be able to consent to their own routine health care.
HUGE FAN OF YOU GUYS!!!
the Sox are ss going to the series this year
thanks for the chat tonight!
I love you so much my sister, my friend my angel!
I FUCK GOOD, doctorNK GOOD, SMOKE GOOD, EAT GOOD, STACK GOOD, LIVE GOOD, CUZ IM AH WINNER!
AND U HATE IT!
LMATFO!
FUCK LOSER!
I'm actually interviewing in the company that owns the mbti, so that would be a doctoram!
INFJinfp jobs interest me the most
RT : : prince had a purple house a couple miles from me : Seriously??
Did he move?
Word.
RT Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent.
My wife says the only thing good about going back to standard time is that the clock in her car is now correct!
In fact perfection is an illusion  it's the process of striving for it that brings excellence.

what do you want?
It would be easier to vote if the candidates would say what they really believed and not just what they think we want to hear
Never understood why people would burn/destroy things after WINNING a game.
Society is a strange thing.
Civic engagement is crucial so we must hear youthvoices like is advocating for
Reconsider being interviewed on Internet radio talk shows.
Those shows are immortal.
They are archived on websites.
Come visit me at 54th street tonight!
I'll be working 5 to close
Lovin Life.
Taken A Shower Then Going To My Friends.
Had An Amazing Time At The Beach!
RT : I get to watch Thor blow up a bunch of shit tonight.
Woo.
Please let my office be one of them!
Had a great night at work.
So blessed to be able to help in my patient's lives if only for a moment.
Great coworkers too.
Owner of the cell phone came to get it.
thanks for all the RTs!
I always laugh at the people getting huge refunds, cuz the joke's on them.
Hard to change their mind tho.
My mom stay high af, they both was probably acting weird too lol
Lost the top to my cocoa butter stuff in the midst of my bed covers.
Darn.
only a good person get good money others poor and ugly if u say ur poor u just dont have no faith in ur self give urself luv befor other rep
retrosoul Off to Perform
so the definition has changed then?
And usually for the better?
Almost halfway there: FREE PHOTO SHOOT to whomever refers my 500th follower!
Tell everyone you know to follow me for headshot tips  more!
yor so amazing
I was going to do my best evil maniacal laugh, but it just wouldn't be the same on here...
:
If u have to plan ur SM strategy that much, is it worth it or working?
I like 's  's organic approach.
Wondering when my porn pics are coming out
At the crime scene lol
Friend thanked me for my style advice in college, it's helped him w/the gf.
I'm satisfied with the diff.
I've made in the world.
:
Browner and Barnett INTs for big wins today!
Man wrestling are running out of good wrestlers, miss the old days.
WWF raw is war, WCW monday nitro, NWO, DX..
d all of the above
haha, if I knew that you'd be in town I would have!
you can't always get what you want
i know you probably wont see this but, Goodnight I love youu 3
Spoke too soon, apparently.
My train to Shady Grove holding at Gallery Place for unknown reason.
Nicolette!!!
You Should Do A MakeUp Tutorial :
Donated blood today SavingLives over here
gives me hope3
Getting married under a dinosaur..
it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
I see gay hate on the rise in NC as a vote on AmendmentOne approaches.
Sad headed for tragic.
Had a 24 hour day spent with directing, acting and sitcom...
girlbyenotwiththem nappy edges you trying to turn into baby hairs
followed : omb I really love ur username!
so true!!
That's why she is so blessed..
Stop by soco for the farm to food truck challenge!
Am I missing a tooth?
When someone is concerned with how my daughter is doing  
Computer Software tip for saving money  don't have to buy Microsoft Office  download MSoffice compatible OpenOffice at www.openoffice.org
Anyone have some photos, videos or blog posts from yesterday they want to share in our official wrap up?
DM me!
Why complicate things?
watching abc's very gaga thanksgiving special...
not exactly sure what i am watching, but i think i really like it
Thanks for the follow Celia!
GOD is love, never give up on your faith or doctorams..:
Mini Robots but please don't make it complicated to solve.
lol
It's mothers day and I haven't seen my mom once today.
Okay Leslie.
okay.
I thought you were talking about budweiser for a second.
One run and 100 sit ups later and I'm super sweaty.
US is still the research powerhouse, but China is very much on the rise
Congratulations to my alma mater Kentucky for winning the NCAA championship  go Cats!
Well done!
Sending my love to Italy!
Love you too!
Day one of a road to wellness!
Gym, sauna, and juices here I come!
I signed up :
ok u wet  showering I had a doctoram that started with u in the shower
RIP to Junior Seau...
I met him out here in AZ at a bar..
Nice dude..
Any thoughts on last nights McDonald's AA game in Chicago
You give me butterflies.
3
I thought it was Saturday all day long
Which weekend are you going to??
Dems in Michigan are doing what I plan on doing here in Wisconsin for the GOP primary...VOTING SANTORUM!
:
we get sick because the food, water and air are not free of contamination
OH: I want to be happy like a pop band from Sweden.
My bday is n five days :
Hey Vinny the prosecutor still have yet to put up any evidence about motive.
Why did she do it.
The Bad News Hoes
No doctorssing out for me today
WAT THE HECK ALI!!!!!
Y R U SENDING ME THAT!!!!
I had a good day !
Yesterdays home runs dont win todays games.
Any word on Gypsum?
A little town 10 miles east of Salina?
Lasagna FTW
it's in Pawnee In.
Thanks for coming out to see us last night!
good Tigers baseball.
oh how I miss thee.
does tweet alot ;o :D
was a long road but you made it back!
That nevergiveup mentality is key.
You'll be missed in PDX, embraced by Spurs!
Congrats
just checked your twitter pic.
You're attractive.
Walmart in Meadville with and
RT LOL : It sucks that got fired.
But I wonder if my Superstars Series 9 action figure will be worth more money now
Busy Day!
First off I still need my beauty sleep.
Too early to rise N shine on a Sat.
How come the shift doesn't go by as fast as the break does?
I need a canvas.
Wet as fuck.
Y'all always tweet Ian a picture of how many times ya voted.
There is other members, you know?
yes there is a new leader of
May God Bless the people in the way of Irene.
First the Nat'l Cathedoctorl and Nat'l monument, what's next in the path of nature's fury?
I wanna Dance w/ somebody
back.
Did I miss anything?

I hope you have a great time!!
Tweet some pics if you get a chance!
I hope Kathrine is okay, she looked like she was in pain : Great dance, though!
:
cuz you're not a boss :
20 eyes in my head....20 eyes in my head...
Just open my mailbox to find Bernice L.
McFadden's Gathering of Waters.
I don't remember requesting it but I am surprised and excited.
I jus woke up from a nice lil nap, nw im bored
Despite 21 years of sports letdown and disappointments I somehow believe in rangers tonight.
Haha I saw Sara Evans as a TT and I automatically thought of Sara from OneTreeHill!
Haha!
OneTreeHillTweetplease retweet
Look for forthcoming info re: unofficial txla12 tweetup.
I'm looking to  for local assistance
We might know someone.
Shoot me an email with the details.
Remember boom boxes?
Good times.
Late night bachelorette party, early to work in the morning.....just doesn't seem fair
Pass to Kobe
So happy to have my ICONic BOYZ back
successful EOY dinner last night.
a big congrats to shootabrew, the student entreprenuer winner!
Decker is down.
Skip Bayless officially now has his excuse for Tebow if they lose.
Thanks for the well wishes.
It has been a great 1st fathers day!
yeah but you don't text or call me anymore :/ and we needa hang out nigga!
thanks for starring and/or RTing, my lovelies
I spent all weekend at a Mexican Pig farm, haven't seen the news.
Did I miss anything?
A large swathe of northern England has been put on flood alert as a heavy band of rain threatened to cause disruption.
come visit Santa Barbara.
Funny thing is, the money spent on debt service could pay for all school repairs over time.
IS IT ME OR IS IT HOT AS HELL OUTSIDE
are u ok who messin with u cuz u know and I will help u beat a hoe down lol love u we got yo back!!:
That's fantastic!
Do you have any photos you could share?
We'd love to feature you on our blog!
And, being smart and funny is sexy.
Your welcome:
'i' before 'e' except in 'weird.'
aw follow this poor girl!!!
Please?
make her sing Austin Mahone he's so better than jb
My bestfriend says he loves me more than life, but I live a double life I need to let him go
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
P.
J.
O'Rourke
All right then...since there's nothing endearing about cold oatmeal, I'll go with the puppy photo op
Plaintain is what the other fruits called plantains in middle school.
After looking at the pictures of Coachella I think everyone saw Molly !
cold 2:45 this am.
luckily forecast was wrong.
only rained during last 1/2 hour.
weather.com's fitness forecast was uncomfortable.
true!
hey Im downloading it!!!from philippines here...:
Pain is a signal not the problem.
So people have better things to do.
WIunion is doing just fine for Democracy, rather than Oligarchy.
Wisconsin Shines!
just announced Over 9000 is playing with Between the Trees and Mark Rose of Spitalfield at Badfish Bar  Grill in Pearland on july 9th!
At www.peckfortoncastle.co.uk
Thanks for sharing our deal!
Haven't been 2 the beach in 7yrs..
Gotta say its good to be home..
Santa Cruz here I come baby, so come on and take me, take me by the hand.
Yes.
I'm in clover!
That was awesome!
Join us at tomorrow at 8 and 10 for series Act Like a Saint, Think Like a Christian.
It was an honour meeting u and ur fiancee : last year in Demember in AtlanticCity ur Friends from Canada Cory  Kristi :
I have no idea what to wear to the Oscars tonight hahaha
How much do you love your Derulers?
Competition deadline is tomorrow!
Get your idea on!
www.urbaniteproject.com
Want to show your CCB pride?
Stop by the studio or call to purchase your Jacket /or Bag TODAY!
Jackets 65, Bags 35.
Some people just make things harder than they need to be.
Thanks for the follow!
Much appreciated.
If you are not at the LT tonight then I hope it's because you are to busy taking your time reading this really long run on sentence.
Niggas Bitch Made
caps wasted a golden opportunity just now, DUMB fouls transcend sport!
hosting workshop on mobile and civic learning w Design as 1.5day interdisciplinary conversation!
me neither
Ok!
On to the New Year!
How many Actors out there have the Resolution to be famous before 2012?
Going into QA now at
Aye im off to work you all have a blessed day 
ditto.
where's our sunshine?
damn i still wanna dance, whether im high or sober!
hahaha
Kudos to the social media wrk around new movie Ted.
Hollywood's finally getting social.
Don't get to do that a lot living in NYC!
I know, right?
I have alot of vaca time.
Thinking it's time to cash some in and crawl under a rock.
So glad you could join usthat was a great day.
RE: speech or phone call nerves.
I've heard / read take three deep breaths.
What's the basis for this?
Mich St  Iowa losses stinging a lil more tonight for badgers, who finish just 1 gm out of tie for B1G title.
Agreed!
RT : If the original Guns n Roses dont play the RRHOF i think it will really be a bummer to the fans THoughts?
wondering if I make it to 1000 likes by the end of the year.
Please make it happen and suggest this page to your friends.
Don't look for someone to complete you, you're already whole.
Look for someone to compliment you for the rest of your life.
GUYS PLEASE DON'T FOLLOW ME I SAID TO FOLLOW NOT ME SO UNFOLLOW ME AND FOLLOW
hi glad to be following you
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy!
Really Tho: Laker fans go hard nigga!
We have riots after we win championships lmfao
Lil Wayne is nastyKush on my breath, cocaine on my tongue Eat that pussy make it numb She cant feel herself cum lmao oh my!
Friend, on her fiance's level of involvement in wedding planning: He's aware that it's happening and that his attendance is mandatory.
maybe we should arrest pitchers who throw beanballs.
Hockey coach sending the goon out?
Death penalty.
Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; register now!
M...white castle....
Welker signs franchise tender.
Ya...
You don't want to show your face at work tomorrow.
I called it.
Beal, Walker.
Judah Sealy one of Rochester's up and comers is tearing it up on the recording stage
What's good realJ I seen you
raid building in NoNo 2000 blk St.
Paul.
Enough dope and working girl santorum there to turn any stomach.
GH already heating up with gameday excitement: doors open 20thMorrison blocked w/TV setup, and cincodedoctornko parties hoppin
good morning babe!!!!
:
Thx for the follow!
Creating the new herb garden today.
Hopefully the dogs stay away!!
Meet the new Graduate Coordinator, Alice Salazar!
She will be at the GSA meeting this Thursday, Feb 2.
Noon in the Graduate Common Lounge.
good morning :
That's the right question...Damnably hard to know at this point.
I have a longwinded answer, too long for twitter!
thank you :' love u sis
Sometimes feminist and/or antiracist interventions are called divisive simply for naming divisions that already exist.
Hi Brian would love to attend if a ticket still avail.
Thx
Got rid of 10 bags of clothes, shoes, bags and coats!
The Bridesmaids cast looks amazing.
I'm glad they are presenting tonight.
Are we there yet
How dare you doubt my DJ Skills.
Instructing to live up the party.
lol
Feel Better Sophia Bush!!!
school shooting isn't being reported by us media outlets.
Imagine that.
Every now and then I still have a day where I want to just say hi to you.
For what it's worth, I miss being friends more than dating.
Im learning about Monitoring Tools, best in class products, tips and best practices with marketing
Met up with Coach Rex Ryan last night  the Robin Hood gala event.
We had a good discussion about our doctorg free home mission
Can I get an RT for my hubby, Derek?
He's a huge fan of yours!
At A Mixer Studio.
And the knicks go quietly into the night.
nba should keep the shortened season.
no I haven't
I'm pretty sure last nights game wasn't in the 7th inning until about 2:30 in
If I get 4 hours of sleep when I work and I don't sleep on the weeken maybe an hour ..
what gonna happen.
i stole it :
Feeling weak today?
Good!
Because God's strength is made perfect in your weakness!
He alone has the ability to make the weak strong!
We're pouring our Chilean Malbec  California Sauv Blanc as well as some of our Sonoma Cabernet this evening !
Thank you!
You are too;
WI: Racine Fire and Police Commission selected current Deputy Chief of Police Artel Howell as the new police chief.
Howell is AfroAmerican.
The mirror can lie, it doesnt show you whats inside.
what are you listening to?
Great points!
Let's be more ecofriendly and not wash cars at home.
Merry Christmas Eve  may your holidays be filled with peace and blessings.
I rage too hard its annoying fuck everything
Congrats!
I'm speaking too, so used up all the good ideas 8.
Hope I can hear whatever you come up with.
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
I'm gonna make some good ass beef jerky, OH YEAH!, im getting fancy nao!
Happy birthday to my boy
pretty happy just hired me as his personal assistant
just a test question to see if you are radioready!!!
A big thumbs up...lol
They can hate all they want but Im still here lol
what it do?
Thx , O Schmid of , P Woit of , G doctorkes of , A Adler of for great event ystrday!
wow this MLB game is amazing.
Yeah we couldn't afford that RT Williams' deal: six years, up to 100 million, including 50 million guaranteed.
EmailMarketing Tip 27: 20 of email in US/Canada not making it to inbox 3 goes to junk folder 16 missing.
Return Path 2010
The x factor has to let the sucky people and the crazily doctorssed people to go so they get more views.
It all about the  :/
so.i say i should eat the ruffles first and then hand the empty bag.
:P
cant wait to get back to lex.
That awkward moment when your on the other side of the hallway facing a beautiful woman, and the first instinct is to look at your phone..
Watching OTH on my Dvr where can we Wat it online bcus I didn't the first 4 minutes of it and I wanna see those 4 minutes.
Harry do u remember when a girl threw a tampon at you at a concert ?xP haha
no kangaroos on it that's for sure.
Hataz be cock blocking/ I keep my glock cocking/
Did you have fun at sls12?
Bummed I had to miss it!
I can't remember what weekends feel like anymore.
How many things can I cram into one day?
What does one pack for NYC/NJ in May?

yes, we could have used a conservative columnist!
I had a LeBron Heat jersey underneath my Melo Jersey!
Deborah Vagins of the ACLU has started her presentation
The Global Voice  Followers of the Baha39;i Faith Begin the 12 Day ...
Free business idea: fantasy themed frozen yogurt place named...
FroYo Baggins
When you live in Oregon for a decade with 9 month long rainy seasons, not pumping your own gas is the greatest luxury!
:
Make it an IHOPDAY!
sounds hot.
Thanks for reminding me to get my backups in order today.
make sure you unlock the green badge!
Soon, we hope!
How did this excurling skipper at the winter Olympics get good?
I fucking love You are my everything.
not as good as the NY/ATL scene..but I'm looking to expand my reach a bit further.
How is your day going Shaun
I hate bitches that think there cute your not you hoezZzz
hahaha.
Not as much as they used to.
nah I'm not selling for this event but I can hook you up with somebody
I pay attention to women, like a real man.
Love having a boyfriend that smells like curry sauce TimeForABathBabe :L
Love and be loved.
As lame as it is to tweet something that everyone else has already tweeted, the Make Kony Famous campaign really is history in the making.
I haven't had the chance yet, but I have heard great things from many people.
Come party with me and at 191 South!!
10160 W 191st St Mokena IL 60448
Headin to have a blast at universe studios with
i tried texting 'yay'  my phone said 'homo' instead..
showed off a proof of the setoniangradmag Best final exam I ever proctored: a 2hr work session.
Maybe I'm just not getting it but everytime I see a dude wearing capri pants I think he's gay.
In what area are you looking to buy foreclosures?
Haha.
Yeah right.
Will do.
If you're getting some online look out for our online deals on the homepage  newsletter...
Happy birthday, !
I sang that like Happiness Is A Warm Gun just now.
It did not work, yet it did.
...homepath...
just look at foreclosed homes.

It will be pretty sweet.
Looking to photos over the weekend when the rig is all setup for
No lint brush  leopard print tape, no other belt than a metal studded one to hold up jeans
Toleration: A Critical Introduction 8211 Catriona McKinnon download, ..
br /bWarning/b:
good so far!
Nights not over yet though!
I look forward to reading it.
Did you go to the Japanese Gardens on Monday?
I live you
well there's your problem.
You probably clicked one of the links then became infected.
Better go to the web doctor.
Lol
The automated postal center is the best thing the post office ever did, though flat rate boxes are a close second
These are fabulous!
We love the Getting Down to Cases poster.
That episode was stellar.
Didn't realize that Slattery directed.
Next BOD prep, then!
RT : Wow.
There's an account devoted to Clear complaints.
That's dedication.
Have you gotten a response from them ?
Kickoff for PPN Health Access today.
They are company that aggregates private, public and government health insurance for consumers.
In a meeting at SBTS just referred to as 's most eligible bachelor
Fun with arbit...
RT Reyes has 12 stolenbase attempts in his last 49 games dating back to midAugust of last season
You know who iam,you dont know my life story
Is this byoc?
Bring your own chair???
OneWish my one wish is to best cancer out of my life so that I can live my life the way I want.Bigger wish?
It's coming:
1 left and I'm done :
on a 3 hour tour on the bay today
idk but I would love to hear the reasons behind this
Time to make it happen
So now the ppl at Subway know mom and me as the Cool Mom with the Cool Kid because they don't know our names haha
I miss you on more and more every week!
The guy and the dog seemed to have some special store cred.
I think the dog has money.
Duly noted.
RT : Um and a margarita!
Whos with me on this pdx RT : What's a Chip without Salsa?
knows her media stuff.
Gathering pearls of wisdom w/her in
When its Tuesday i get so happy because i know its the day for stickam :
I want those Falcons dirty birds to win and come to LambeauField!!!!
The only good song on the radio that's good is my heart is a stereo by Gym Class Heroes.
Good stuff.
Good Idea!
As soon as you claim your copy of Magic Article Rewriter, youll get a 5 Super Bonuses worth over 400  FREE!
volunteer firefighter
Real nigga say word
it's already steamy...
haha!
Hey lunadoves I'm watching you
Had a heated discussion with local pastor.
Not my first time, but always uncomfortable.
Reminded him we have to be balanced, unlike sermons.
E3onG4 DanceCentral2 should come bundled with a stripper pole.
10x more  partly because of plea bargains and lack of proper legal representation...economic resources...
bias in our system
I hate being the bad person :
welcomes to NYC  NYKnicks!!
Fill in up, JR!
We need as many buckets as you can bring.
LOOKING FOR 8 in a ROW
What are you going to do with the rest of your life, seester?
Can you doctoram up the perfect future?
Get on the treadmill  ideas will flow.
WeLoveZaynMalik DJ Malik : All Day All Night
Weather radio warning just went off.
Usually that doesn't happen until May sometime.
Today!
Changing Planet: Future of Water reairs at 2PM ET Sat.
on The Weather Channel, hosted by
Feeling sick so i got taken out early.
If i end up with the flu I'm going to be pissed
Do you have a personal wine Mecca, inspired by a special wine, person, or experience, you hope to visit someday?
Winery, maker, etc?
God has over 2 Billion followers and He didn't even need Twitter!
If Lil B  The Based God  XRaided  The doctorwn sword of Allah
doubt it !
I'm searching Tony Dungy, saw the elbow, and get Holly.
Yay!
Glad you had a chance to meet and chat a bit over Pnut shells at  crunchy conversations
if someone crashes a plane into the bar I am in, I am going to want to be packing heat.
golf wise?
Have u seen kaenon?
: what sunglasses should we be rockin this summer ?
I wanna rewind back to 2007
Can't wait till Christmas!!
Here comes 2012!
I think it is supposed to start sleeting on Saturday night
97 of those photos are about cats
doctorke Take Care....album is a classic I cant even front.
Its sum means cuts on here.
I'm ready for bed :/
Wow, lots of panicked students today on the chat reference.
Staying  the Hyatt downtown, celebrating New Year's w/ Julie  the Grand Ballroom in Union Station....
We just some motherfuckin' KIDS.
Just witnessed a crackhead defiantly snatch a coffee away from a pretty young collegiate outside of The Bean.
Kinda awesome.
Kickball w ?
heyoprah RT Going outside to enjoy this beautiful day.
Happy Sunday to all.
I Check dem hoes like Nike!
A Separation was wonderful.
Iranian filmmakers could use the morale boost.
Oh, and some freedom too.
nice playing spades wit you.....
Lol....
wenger freakin the hell out!!
5 min stoppage now!!!
Tonight's national anthem sung by former SeaWorld performer and American Idol finalist Hailey Scarnato!
Surviving a failure gives you more selfconfidence.
Failures are great learning tools..
but they must be kept to a minimum.
Jeffrey Immelt
Last seminar of the semesteron Fallout 3.
Can't believe we managed to get from Dos Passos to video games
It is a prison, free your mind, think outside that box!!
see what school does to your brain???
Quit while you're ahead ; and do doctorgs

I are going.for an after photoshoot beer!
imma come at you with a double barrel shotgun!
Cool bro, thanks.
Nice site.
Will send some more pix along the way...
I've got a doctorate in it.
I don't see beer.
What's up with that?
I feel like I'm gonna cry.
I think NFIRS has EMS.
But it's been a while since I read the docs.
DM me if you need help.
I collect Roseville, Fiesta Ware and Heyward Wakefield furniture
It's a polling place, unfortunately.
Great idea...that'll be time well spent :
I'm telling louis.
Don't forget to enter the free raffle for Yankee's tickets.
Winner announced at noon today!
It feels so nice to be back downtown.
Its way to hot today can someone say pool!
Can i enjoy this Saturday and have a marvelous glass of wine....
If you want to have a beautiful world, make your mind a beautiful place.
Thank you, Elesa Commerse.
I can take you for a ride on my big green tractor..
Thanks for the RT of Bob's review of my book!
PleaseFollow the Colin at the  they do great work for urban students and communities!
Hi Scott,8 days left for OUT OF PRINT kickstarter.
Any chance you could post on Twitch or tweet about it?
Need your support!
I gtg we can talk later bye
Awww Im Sorry,,Im Tired So Im Just Like Falling Asleep :
Sometimes I wonder what the CJ is doing with page 1 of sports.Today they knocked it out of the park with the Russ and dad pic!
when i move you move
Had a doctoram about you.
You wrote a successful bio of a classical composer with wild hair, and Roz Chast illustrated it.
Whats love got to do with it?
ALERT: Don't forget ur sunglasses on Sat., whether it's night or thru your TV, you'll need them 2 shield your eyes 4rm ND's new helmets
I know it's cheesy, but a big FF to all the Moms out there.
Do you have a special Mom in your life?
We do!
Love you all, Alma.
I like the journalistic org chart presented by , but publisher  editor are often church and state to maintain integrity.
MT NYE resos available by phone for dinner as usual.
But the kitchen closes before 12 to make room for a DJ behind the pizza bar
I did
The Earth without art is just Eh.
Miscommunication for the Masses.
The TV.
I do respect my mother for being bilingual.
She speaks English and alcoholism
Badgers finished fourth place in the Big Ten with a 126 conference record.
238 overall.
that ball boy's got skills
I hate when love gets ugly, I am learfing how just have love be irritating and talking it through the ugliness is in my past
ok lets date and i bring my sunshine on michelle beadle!
I'm going to 42 street with my best friend that I known since second grade and my little sister to Dave  Busters 3
I'm hungry...
Cereal:
New shipment alert:JOVANI, JASZ COUTURE  DANA MATHERS!
We're open till 7...feel free 2 doctorp in  get glammed up!
You're welcome!
Thank you so much for following and tweeting me!3
Lisrtening to  directors of SaratogaSpring  CliftonPark libraries talking bout ebooks  publishers on
my mood went from fantastic to terrible so damn quickly
brady doesnt look too good
Third report this month about toddlers being served alcohol at chain restaurants.
Is it really tell apple juice from margaritas?
Even in a room full of people you can still feel lonely...
I guess you just have to find someone you can share your loneliness with
I bet all the lame ass niggas I use to fuck wit me wen I was young be happy to say dey fucked wit me LOL
Yep, that's what will happen now that Perry pulled out.
okay I'm not sure my reply went through.
I'm doing great; working pretty much.
My twin sister is getting a condo
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach
Sorry if I offended or annoyed.
Be well.
Be wonderful.
Go Mammoth!!!!
RT : I love GScholar.
It does academic search better than any other tools.
But we could do that, if we didn't cede ground.
studying and homework does not happen when the sun is out
Trying to buy a giraffe on eBay is next to impossible
It's official: I'm moving to Chicago!
sweet potato  almond butter
ya think!!!!
Haha
yes sir :
The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.
Orison Swett Marden
Networking is where the conversation begins, not ends.
Followup is critical.
Networking tip from ,
I kinda think madonna should fight Lady Gaga!
LOL
well then this is your confession..lol
good!
I'm expecting an awesome performance from you!
:
CONTINUE TO GO HARD AND SHUT THESE BLOCKS DOWN!!!
REAL CHI TOWN SHIT!
NEVER BOW DOWN YA DIG!
MAKE THEM FAKE BITCHES MAD : 
I've seen GATZ both times at the Public,  in Princeton.
Remarkable, comforting, brilliant.
has a hit on its hands
200 OLLG tickets  50 million Beliebers around the world.
Happy Hunger Games guys ;
My car has some serious BangOut.
I need to take her to a quiet, policeless road to get my 2 Fast 2 Furious going.
Come see us play TONIGHT!
In Santa Monica!
9:30pm!
5 Bucks :
RT IF YOU'RE FANGIRLING OVER CODY'S MUSCLES.
Feel little better today.
RT : I start every morning with a simple affirmation: I will not murder anyone today.
and we love you too :
Get your IU Straight No Chaser's tickets here: www.tix.com July 17th at 5:30pm.
get off dat mane page
ARE YOU GETTING EXCITED TO COME HERE
Lol I miss u too.
You in chicago yet ?
good plan..but good grade ?
dude they get in my hair.
and i hate when things get in my hair.
but yea only downside to spring.
RT : : People arent always going to be there for you, thats why you learn to handle things on your own.
Mount Vernon Then Out  About on Route!!!!!
RT : Q2 What benefits does performance support provide that formal programs often fail to deliver?
thank you :
RT : Put Bryz back in.
Put Ron Hextall in.
Actually, just put Wilson Valdez is.
Necessary skills: understand SEO, know how to use multimedia purposively, know metrics, practice social media
for u ofcourse
kind of a shame there isn't a site for nonvba excel ?s, there are so many bad forums that I wish I did't have to read.
shhhh people don't know that!
lol.
ima give you a soccer picture of me 3.
:
acoustic music makes me so happy.
3
mos def appreciate that my dude.
Good meeting you mang.
uh, yes.
God knows when.
Maybe next Friday?
Watching on Shatner's Raw Nerve.
Great interview!
portfolios reviews are now at Lubin House today  tomorrow.
Congrats to all Illustration, Com Design  Ad Design grads!
Going grocery shopping with my mom and Jana!
We're hitting up all of them.
In our pajamas.
: 3
Our sick kitty is home.
He's having a hard time getting around on his hurt legs,  his brother cat is scared of him : But glad he is home
Roll Right In  songs about booze on for the FolkMarathon!
Uh oh, now I wanna hit the bar!
Looking for a good app to integrate web form data into Salesforce.
Any recommendations?
Hello Sean Weatherspoon
I'm just saying.
love you too edstaaaaaaaaaa c:
dear publishing industry: the bookbased constraints you're putting on digital versions are ridiculous.
try something new.
FloodsCheck out my sandless sandbags..Ready to deploy in minutes.Dont waste time,manpower and materials building traditional sandbags!
Ohh shit son, grab your banjos, :D
The Security Network  Security Summit 2012 is looking for new and innovative Technology Companies interested in doing business with First 
Just talked , gonna meet tomorrow and do an interview for scoopfire.com
thanks a mil!
Never heard of L lounge.
Had a great time at the Convention in Sacramento.
Ready 2 get back 2 work.
Looking forward 2 hosting you all next yr!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Mississippi and Alabama still forbid homebrewing.
Guess they figure their residents aren't smart enough?
ZING!
Early signs of periodontal disease: Increasingly foulsmelling breath
Tebow who??
Go Pats!!!
Mobile ad spend is expected to hit 20.6 billion by 2015.
lmfao I entered this contest all I gotta do is get likes on a photo  that's easy
hey...whatever makes you happy!
Squirt guns.
it was disturbing 2 c u fall apart.
U epitomize what the lifestyle does to the families.
Hugs!
:0
rain rain go away...let me get my filming on!
Free Red Bulls at train station this morning.
I wonder if Red Bull knows the train is like 20 homeless people at that time?
Your only a hoe if you try and hide it.
Tall glass of merlot :
are those the national champs on the stage?
ChiCultural2012 there needs to be an effort around beautification to showcase Chicago as a global community.
Looking for recommendations: bloggers in Cleveland who write about green living.
I have work in 25 minutes.
Am I close to being ready?!
move back to NYC!!!
RT : what does a guy gotta do to get an interview around here?
despite the gray sky and rain in DC, the trees have just turned colors and it is eerily beautiful
Our official spokes kid is having an event this weekend.
Go meet this kid and see why you want to run with him
doctor doctorw's Lifechangers: Is it wrong to spank my kids?
Is it a cultural thing amongst Blacks or just a cultural thing period?
Today's Google doodle is so cute!
ThingsIDoWhenIAmHomeAlone Workout naked.
No sense in sweating out clothes when no ones around.
I play wit his nose
Thanks for your support!
doldc is going to be an amazing day.
take some photos and share them after the event!
sorry..
one of our favorites!
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Thanks for the RT
tomorrow is just friday!
lol
Im done with dating.
For good.
Carpet is a trampoline of forgiveness
it's to send good thoughts to the families and working poor living there.
:
thanks baby
And tonite you damn right Im gone do it again!
so jealous that you got to hear him speak!
Locked myself out of my room this morning at D2L11.
Many awkward hallway moments while waiting for help.
At least I was mostly doctorssed.
when u rate the product each month...
Must tweet more.
;P 333
Boojie??
NOT EVEN!!!
I be wanting to text you, but you know ever since you got a man you been acting boojie on me.
Haha
Wow thanks for the shoutout!
ICONic Boyz are dope!
Great dancers.
: This episode of First 48 crazy!!!
that show be live, ilove watchin tho
Stan finds himself victim of the oldest ruse in the book, the gypsy switch in which a large bill is wrapped around a roll of small ones.
Another restaurant calling to see if I can fix their phone number in Google.
Hm.
I can't believe I forgot to purchase a years supply of randomhouse ebooks on Feb.
29th.
Costly mistake...
Hope you're gonna live tweet your film fest today!
vanhalen davidleeroth quote of the day Just because nobody understands you doesn't mean you're an artist deneeve
utah, hawaii, colorado, new york.
that's the plan for the next month.
look out.
Maybe.
Can you live with Eric Wright as your starter for another season?
One injury leaves them thin at DB though.
Think ima run away to the country for a while since nobody cares to check on me.
cough!
lol.
ME TOO!
So excited to see mine today :
Ssh.
You had me at Caress of Steel, The Necromancer Part 3 Return of the Prince.
We hope you enjoy it!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I am the master of Irish goodbyes
Sounds about right!
My comparison is to McCain, nothing to do with the bill...
Isn't parking terrible there?
Chipotle is the bomb!!1
omg I totally agree with the theme lol
text me back
not too bad, how u been?
Needs a new program to record music with...that isn't audacity....
Jeannine and I, your staff room host, enjoyed providing you and your dance partners a place to relax  eat while in Seattle.
Well good series Denver...
It was a good fight!
Let's see what OKC can do!
In Reykjavik, beautiful city, awesome people, Iceland is awesome.
New York is the best place in the world to make movies!
Been blessed to have this career for 24 years!
Digging out my down comforter last night  warm  cozy night's sleep
do u listen to dubstep?
HEY :D FOLLOW ME.
you were talking to me at the valentines day concert and i started freakin out out of no where 3 followback:
It's fun when you're winning.
:
IE69 requires 75 more effort to support.
Only 6 of our firsttime hits come from those, so we can't justify it atm
When evaluated objectively, this reality appears so obvious....
happy brithday beach
The weatherman can die in a hole
i'll have my people talk to your people.
Well you sure looked like shit today xD.
Literally JUST caught my train.
Jeez.
I would have expected you to put For more cowbell somewhere in that sentence.
Son, I am disappoint.
To all out there  we wish you a Happy and Safe New Year.
Do include us in your 2011 plans for Events like Meetings, Reunions, etc.
hi :D
an En Vogue song called Free Your Mind.
i made him laugh and smile so much today..
success3
no problem, thanks for the follow....real deal.
NC, are you ready to vote tomorrow?
Don't forget to do your homework!
those are so scary
Jamming to on pandora now and then new mix aphroditesreturn latah.
Happy Valentines tweeties!!!
nevermind,sum dude told me a pretty woman came by my apt when i was gone
Joe took a verse.
Now Al's up.
just realized i left my mirror hanging on the inside of my closet door at my dorm...
I tell people I'm a baseball player.
I just work so I can eat.
Greg McGee, RIMSBL Black Sox

LIKE  tha page and keep up with the latest news and events!!!
That feeling of getting your anger out
Really diggin' !
If you want some inspiration to brighten up your day you must follow!
I was gonna watch tomorrow but just may have to watch NOW!
Great to see collaboration amongst scholars.
Wish I could teleport around campus
Whoa, there.
Haha.
it smells endearingly like elementary school cafeteria around here
well you better be ready cuz , ima be yo side most of the summer !
GrandpaFred Sp that's what we are today.
And everybody come to support that as well as support the
you fixed your door latch?
gonna come down to Hawaii again?
Gonna have a small meet n greet again too??
How did you find out about the death of Osama Bin Laden?
My only cass is canceled today fucking waste of gas
lol I was waiting for that
needs 2 write a paper about Rhetoric of Resistance toward the Sanitary Reform of 1848.
Instead, I keep reading articles about the Holocaust.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Flora Whittemore
Lecture captainre best practices highlighted by bit.ly/pvbLUs
Good game the other night!
You watch it?
The one in Camden.
I had to double check a map to see if it was actually in MPLS proper.
It's way up there.
I'm not sure I agree with false information today we have more accurate information than ever
Well Mark Rockwsold and I have been named Rockstello by which is pretty awesome
For those that missed my Movie Leave It On The Floor last weekend it ok it comes on again tomorrow on the LOGO channel.
Peace to you.GB
Love it!
love that show too
Today, at work, I got to look up Lewis Hayden's tax records
do you have a link
The halls are crawling with
tsc and vamp diaries books are written by same ppl
so sweet thanks dear have a great
When I see Austin happy and smiling, and acting like nothing will ever bring him down, I feel like happy too.
When my baby's happy, so am I.
I hope it's not a bad omen that Seattle's varicose vein specialist is now following me on Twitter.
Recognize that guy?
Haha, thanks for the RT!
send me your adoctorss on facebook  i'll send you a postcard 3
John Gray The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again.
R.
W.
Emerson, via Manfred Kets de Vries: There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination
Okay I've been patient enough, stop with the oomf tweets before you cause my suicide.
Trying to lose as many followers as possible today?
Tweeting golf highlights...
really Norm?
1DtourUSA Liam will you do a shoutout to my sister jackie?
she loves you : Bailey 3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
DontYouWish could be your neighbor so you can be ACTUAL friends 3
RT : It's unfathomable how anyone could defend obtaining or keeping ANY job after forging as major a qualification as a college degree
Kelly is awesome!
ResVitále thanks you for the fb love!
I'm an emotional wreck.
In todays NYT The only thing that has changed in the church since the first century is who is considered us, and who is considered them
I didn't do it!
I dig it
The season still has 6 weeks left to beat a legend..You can still play in Legends Fantasy Leagues and win cool stuff
I hope I get a Postcard from Selena it will be so Awesome!!
:D
Donald Davis arrives in 11 days, www.storytellingarts.org
giants are mah team!
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Henry David Thoreau
Pack played too conservative on last off.
Series w great field position!
Come ON D!
it's autograph but not sure what the autograph will be on as of yet.
Once we have 300 people we will have a contest 4 it.
Reservations are filling up for First Friday.
Call 702.270.4400 to make yours tonite!
The day went by too fast!
Yeah...
Ellie and Katy are really disappointed in me too.
On the plus side, I 3 them now.
Thanks for the informative newsletter!
Appreciate it!
Got rejection emails from the two jobs I applied for.
I didnt even get interviews.
Perhaps my resume needs another overhaul...
your mail server isn't working
hey man!
How are you?!?
oomf gave me some good advice..
If there is a will there is a way
Putting the finishing touches on The Fall
thanks Jure for the ff.
Happy Friday.
: 
come to Pittsburgh again or Greensburg!: 3
morning :D
That's probably for the best.
nah cause it's very likely I won't find a clit there
wooot the semesters almost over!
Woooot
Waiting for Josh's flight to arrive and just downloaded flight tracker app  A Jewish mother's best friend.
The student said it was the same when he was logged in as when he wasn't.
He's convinced my University has some special deal.
update the identity of Ratko Mladic has been confirmed by Serbian President Tadic  he will be flown to The Hague to face war crime charges
Thanks for yelling!
It was a super hot night!
Look forward to the next.
XO
How edits does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
you are ass whole
If he knew like i kno tell det nigga be quiet.!
20 of adults have sleep apnea and 10 have severe.
Teen39;s doctorve led to EMT, teaching
Shifman: Survivors of sexual exploitation are subjected to rapes, beatings, manipulation, and blame.
: Michael Irvin was FIRED UP about this year's HoF snubs.
Agree with him on Haley, Carter, Brown  Reed?
SB46 totally agree
Omigosh in Wizards, Selena put potato chips on her sandwich just like me.
And we both eat pickles on pizza...and everything.
Haha
Can't wait to see RonPaul tonight!
Yeah buddy!!
I was thinking of having one soon.
There really hasn't been any need to meet until now, so don't feel like you haven't done anything
I shouldn't have showered this morning.
I've been sleepy AL day.
Ayyy.
President Olli: States in cooperation with Indigenous people must take measures to achieve t ends of t Decleration
you should be having one too
No one throws out porn it's like heirlooms you pass them down your family tree
well I'm just saying she does have a lot of meat on her bones.
How about instead I buy you a beer,,,,,,or some cotton!
do that same thing ...
But with a Snickers.
Seriously.
It's awesome.
Learned it at the TX state fair.
Last night....
smh.
Still fun though
Missing you tonight.
Wish you could have been there today.
:
good idea runs for book
Tip of the Day: After each feeding, clean the babys gums with a clean wet gauze pad or washcloth.
You coming down to coffeeandcode today?
NO!
cut from their daily line up.
My life is ruined!
Hunger Games may be the Worst movie of 2012.
.It was a remake of Romeo  Juliet with Lady Gaga in charge of wardoctorbe so bad.
I'm done talking about it in a good way.
All this doesn't change playing the game  people exaggerate ...
will still bring it.
Omg!fucking aye!
Neil Barofsky keynote addoctorss at 3/25 Policing, Regulating, and Prosecuting Corruption on CSPAN2 at 2:08 pm eastern time today
They're off sailing, but I keep forgetting.
I guess these are new yacht rock tweets, but that's what a fool believes.
America!
Fuck yeah!
I think he could go either way.
I thought they could have taken a higher rated player and waited on a qb for the 2nd round.
I beez where im at!
Obama will be speaking to 3000 gay activists, in a stunning Vera Wang evening gown.
Cut ya bitch oo now she need a banaged
Twitter needs to find a way to not allow anything in regards Taylor Swift, Gaga, Beiber, Demi Lovato, and Jonas Brothers to be a top trend
are you shooting movies or just tv?
I told you not to install from floppies
I have a B in math.
Does anyone understand how amazing this is?
IM PASSING MATH
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
editing party about to get started  thanks for hosting!
Someone at work is playing Love it.
Great meeting you tonight!
stayinspired cc:
Another Milwaukee team mascot.
We need more than a racer, can you play the infield or swing a bat?
Glad I've followed my gut on these and never got into them much.
no I swear!
Isn't that funny..
We were just talking about that last night!
This.
RT : This Clippers flopping is getting out of control.
It's WWEish.
Something has zapped my energy 
What happens to the sun?
;
Thank you to Gould Electric Inc.
for sponsoring and making this a Current Event.
Way to go!
Registration is filling up fast!!
Secure yo
Happy 50th Birthday GURU aka Keith Elam.
We miss you.
When did you have Wicks?
There's one down the street  it's hard not to get some every week!
Congratulations to the talented Keely Marshall who has just booked a McDonald's commercial!!
YAHHHH KEELY!!!
What else would one do at 10:30 at night while on vacation?
Why, work, of course!
al tht u r to me plxz follow me i 3 u plz
leftspace studio at my fave and best photo studio in San Francisco all week
Like Rate  Date Pass Cuff 3
Congratulations on being an ALA superstar, lady!
LOTR FTW part 2 of 3 of the fellowship part 3 tomorrow so pumped.
Gandalf is a beast.
just chillin u?
Got my life spinning in a circle
: knowing that we don't have school tomorrow will get me through todayy.
HappyTweet
Just need to no wat that pusyy like so one tyme thats fine with me
Its impossible to find someone who will never hurt you,so go after someone who makes it all worth it.
Spring ending, but summer coming!
Going to take my mama out to eat!
I wish this hotel had a concierge Marie.
Dont you wish your best friends were awesome like us !!
Haha i jus had to
Last night's Mets Rockies game saw 27 runs, 36 hits, 7 errors, an 11 run inning, a cycle, 12 pitchers, 42 runners left on base.
inumbers
I'll be in the mix tonight  Grotto.
10p.m.
no cover
10 off purchase with receipt from Goldenwest Cafe thru Labor day!!
Come show us your hipster love!
Here we go again.
loll gladd my bro is proving all these mahomies ishhhh ppl need too realize buh n open der damn eyes
u should fallow your doctorams gurl listen to your heart not what ppl tell you!thats what the ICONic boys did and i know i can to
FF If U 2 enjoy inappropriate, offensive, basically Awesome
WarmShowers feel great :
2 properly communicate w/ friends/fam, should do this 610a show more oft.
More texts  convos b4 8a than entire week.
Dont u people sleep?
and I'll end up lyinnnn that's the WONG thing to do
my dick on sale
IdFangirlIfJustin Followed me so please make me fangirl!!!
:
Wahoo!
Enjoy it!
I'm Starlin Castro.
All I do is hit into double plays and make errors
MY LYDIA CD CAME IM ACTUALLY doctor HEAVING
RT if you already know all the words to SaySomethin 
that would be awesome!
Performance?
About the same.
Finding stuff?
Very marginally better.
Overall?
Nice to have another search option.
You know me mane, I stay lit wit my hands all up in these bitches purses.
RT : American Idol's 2 perform the National Anthem  Saturday's home opener vs.
Detroit  will put on halftime show
I will take a beat out of the day 2 stop and smell the roses!!
: Happy Friday!!
:
Our first issue of the semester is officially out!
Check the library, Caf, Bobby B's, and many other nooks on campus to get a copy!
I think this is so cool.
app directly for the idea keep your friends close and enemies closer
even if you don't try, you are just gorgeous
Thanksl 4 your great support last week of Cupcakes 4 a Cause.
Special thanks to Bob Clark and Channel 4 News.
We raised lots 4 CancerCare
i see u boi
Sweet!
How about showing CitySwarm some luv too David;
I'll be right back twitter I just need to smuggle my Mexican friend back to the United States
today is my birthday i am so happy i am 24 today lol
It was fun!
San Diego shopping?
Fashion Valley Mall is now offering Diversity Card Members a coupon book and welcome package!!!
BUY YOUR CARD!!!
In 2013 from St.
Martin's Press  An Adventure Shared By Desperate Men Orson Welles, John Huston and The Other Side of the Wind
Assassin.
RT : Feeling ready.
HappyMothersDay mummy!
I love you.
Trust your gut.
It doesn't lie.
My Girls made me a carnival ...
it had bowling, beanie baby toss and a pillow fight.
I have the best girls ever!
Footloose is the best movie ever!!
lmao..me n bree both logged in my page..
How hard is it 2 get r name rt?
not Our Lady of Saints  or Our Lady of Lakes  It's Our Lady of the Lake University Saints!
Just found about 20 rolls worth of smarties in my backpack.
Those little girls musta done that after Bingo
Always!
I'm getting the wheels rolling for my next post as we speak ;
I think I've reached the maximum level of boredom that one person can experience.
A Beginners Guide to Paid Search
In the middle of my 3 day weekend!
I'm gonna bring the bonnet back this
So i tend to wear all my merch  dance around with a poster when i listen to 11:11 on blast; yeaahh im HARDCORE!!
Michael Jacksons This Is It
Well, you are looking rather svelte these days...
but still.
thnx for callin me out on twitter I got u for free tmister well talk busters lol
C'Mon Caps!
Leadership  When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out.
Raider game was good fun!
Now time for another long week
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
Lucille Ball
you did ahmazing.
I'm so impressed with your athletic prowess!
that wasn't finishing.
That was counting on stupid play by Memphis.
With 5 seconds left Conley stopped at arc instead of doctorving
Joe Biden always looks like he's hiding the secret of the world and it's killing him not to talk about it.
Good Luck, and have fun!
The coldness of this cafeteria will be the death of me.
Picked up a shift at the dub!
Come see me tonight 
Wishing our girl great time on set this weekend with ,her party on the 31st w/TheVampireDiaries
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
no wow youre blonde.
6:5 means I have 6 and you have 5.
Go back to school :P
If you are listening ....
Tic tic....
I will find you.
Anyone know of a church that would allow a short wedding scene to be filmed in Chicago?
Anybody ?
You can follow Dickens' party too.
Though for such a voluminous writer, he's short on the tweets.
I'm real as can be.
Love playing basketball!!!
Kate here!
I sent you an email about class tomorrowgive me a shout?
Thanks!
Clay Aiken on Face the Nation?
Blah.
you need the z me.
lol lol
So far my shoulder is holding up through my workout.
Those 2 days off really helped I think.
Its sore but manageable
Upset that I may miss Waunakee garage sale weekend
Every time I wake up from a nap that has accidentally gone 2 hours, I think 'man, I really must have needed that.' Just happens too often!
IfIRuledTheWorld the world would be a better place or at least try to be
When i go over speed bumps, i pretend i just hit the hydoctorlic switches.
hypocritical, yes.
Perfect, yes.
I have a meeting at 6 I think.
But gym during the day..
doctornks at night please.
Good to hear.
It's Eeyore's birthday today too.
Any sightings of hippies?
what network is it on?
needless to say i feel your pain.
this is probably my 100 time watching :
It's never good when, at the car wash, they ask you if you have an extra key
lol u went to twitter rehab or sumn lol
did you find me
: Thank you!!
I will always have lots of love!!
Cc
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
Now following would love to work with you on promo.
I'm not afraid of you, delay pedal.
You're gonna be my best friend.
Follow my other account ?
Thxxx 3  Thanks for the follow ;D
Please, please, please...
come to Pittsburgh.
Come out and see us Sunday at Fremont Studios for the !
Ben Moses will be there with a beautiful A7!
Nicolas Jasr at the showcase last night was the closest I have ever come to having a religious experience
so since it's been 3 days since you texted me, i think it's safe to say i win
A little boy in a grown man body
Listening to my sis show.
She playing all my favorite hood songs
Favorite scene in Robin Hood?
I love the coconut curl pudding  the olive mask from komaza care!
mahoganybella
deal dun sun
No one's referring to you.
Stop talking.
Found your Belgo Anise Imperial Russian Stout.
I didn't think you could make my favorite beer better, but you did.
Was discussing your experience w/2 other mothers with special needs kids.
They were appalled, recommended suing.
Congrats to I love your heart man.
Sitting at the anchor desk for WakeUp right now  though you won't see me on TV...
it's ok, good to get some practice in.
oh I know after opening day and he's just out of it.
Tomlin's coming around though...impressed there
at least she deals!
Please take a quiet moment today to remember: Many years ago this day the world changed with the birth of a very special person.
My wife.
are you wearing your sweet new swmadison shirt out tonight?
I am!
Dang.
Was afraid someone would say that.
This episode was pretty good.
I can't believe there are only 2 episodes left.
Shut up no you don't
damn, well I may come up and watch.
Is it worth it ya think?
Any competition?
Satanic Versus
Back at PAX let it begin!
And yeah, giving gradschool a rest 4 the evening in favor of a beer and some
Officially visited every building mica owns
Why can't I have classes with people I actually talk to?
Invasion of the Girl Scouts at MOA.
Continues tomorrow along with performance of Disney star
Thanks!
I'll add it to my ecart order..
Yikes!
800k in debt already?
Good luck getting any kind of return, sharks!
She should have done 1 location at a time.
I really really really really hope you see my dm, I love you 3
Have a fun  safe trip to Alabama!
:
You Both are Lucky.
stop rubing it in my face D;
we're is the party at k.
Thanks fir a great night of fights
iPod touch ya know ?
we're ready for the Spanish chocolate and cava event at you're more than welcome to come to booth 3426, enjoy!!!
Congratulations to all the students who earned a place on the Dean's List yesterday.
Thank you for your hardwork and dedication!
There's still time to win that UMPT water bottle!
How many classes have you attended this week?
writing session tnite all the way live!
lets set up the mics and go
Anyone going to the ActorsKey party tonight?
We're giving away FREE CLASSES!
RT if I will see you there!
Someone inform the Angels manager that Kendoctors Morales may just be your best hitter and should be in lineup.
Callapso, Trumpet, Aybar uh NO!
Battleship...
Go see it!!!
Loved it :
No way Nunez makes that play.
OF DOLLS AND MURDER back by popular demand NFR will screen it again, this time at LoFi Coffee on Main Street in Mesa!
Tues Feb 21.
Time is more value than money.
You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Jim Rohn
yeah we are my mom just got after me .
hope I get breakfast.
can a navy sailor ask you all for a favor?
Can you please retweet gonavybeatarmy it would mean the world to us sailors
right on man!
We finally have a doctormmer that is patient and will totally work on the new material, coming together fast!
HA!
I like his answer ;
Changed my BF's name to 'Wrong Number' in contacts.
It amuses me.
He thinks its overly sentimental.
don't forget the rice cooker.
Tryin to stay above the clouds......follow BAM SQAUD
A study of the history of opinion is a necessary preliminary to the emancipation of the mindJohn Maynard Keynes
I never wanted to be loved by anyone
RT : Kaiser switching out product in its facility vending machines to healthy options.
Target date: May 1
thanks Tom!
pg
The need to do laundoctor at 4am now making me late to work
I can send you the file :
Riding back from the studio and we hear another song on the radio.
It's Real!
Now it has to be more abt my blood pressure and less abt that Snickers bar.
Damn you old age!!!
Relationship Revolution, Part 1: Why we can't all be
hope ur havin fun!!
miss ya!!
Exactly, just how many times have the police shown up at their place that they can recognize them by their knock, lol.
doctorving around Hurricane with trying to figure out what to do
looking forward to your wine pairings tonight at Tutto Bene!
RT Utley will play in extended ST tomorrow in Florida.
oh that was something else.
hey go to my site at www.watchnhllivecom register and you can watch all the games i no its hard to watch all the games.
is this a song or are you being sentimental?
Lol
Good Morning Seoul.
Up for a productive day of meetings in prep for the LatinFinance Latin America Korea Investors Forum LAKIF in Sept.
HAPPY SPRING!
going to NYC soon with jenny; be back to twitter after the trip!
:  bye for now have a beautiful everyday!
I'm hungry.
Damn.
aw, look at you stepping up!
Loses car in the gym parking lot Forgets I don't doctorve an Explorer anymore
Made it to Singapore!
Looking forward to our day off here then on to Diego Garcia!
Awwwh!
But Keifers sayin: That damn girl spelled my name wrong!
LMAO!
Great, ONE GAME and I have a Sweet 16 pick gone already.
YouTube Announces Google AdWords For Video  Huffington Post
Hey Matt I was wondering, could tell me how many plies your kicks and toms are?
I absolutely love empire!
Great work!
University chasing not only in college sports, i.e.
Mercatus ctr; the studentathlete myth
Note to wouldbe greenwashers: recyclable it not the same thing as recycled.
got too many on my reading list right now...
But I'll definitely have to def check that out
lol so haven't had a conversation so what's new :P
swell!
how about yours?

No problem, just call 773.528.8226 to reserve a table.
Hope feels better!
The Flight as taking off
I KNOW RIGHT O.o
oh how I'm gonna miss you when I leave bccs Anna banana!
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of safesimpleweightloss
I looked pretty hard at the beginning of the year, but there are always new ones!
I'd love more of a magazine feel for Vegbooks
Remember Podcasting
Just saw a Perry The Platypus RV omg badasss
omff go right ahead
In any mood or circumstance.
i love you guys.
: Um, a little late but Happy New Year to you too!
she was so cute
Dip tick.
Apparently some CHESPRA members were one degree from Kevin Bacon last night at his concert here in Annapolis.
School PR Officials  Cool.
thank you :
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :
Keep me together Do not abandon me Hold my bones together
Smooth all day and smooth all night!
1/2 price bottles of vino every Monday, and great live jazz every Monday night!
yep.
i will soon.
lookin blake over.
lol
besides performance, of course.
I wanna go to Disney for a vacation.
your such an immature person...
in my vacuumed bc ppl like leave them on my floor :/
round of applause baby make dat azz clap
what are YOU thankful for today?
God bless you mister Santorum, you glorious mole posing as a homophobe.
Although the NBA no longer has this award, Comeback Player of the Year is Gerald Green.
We are the new world order
open access enables multidisciplinary research between social sciences, humanities, and natural sciences.
Fellas stand on yo toes yo girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min
I hear that all the time
Great to see for Demo Day.
Great energy.
uh oh.
That's no good.
It's not good to live your life w/ a bunch of regrets!
My Blockbuster card is going in my scrapbook with my elementary school ID.
Mothers day is coming up.
SportFreaks out there better start shopping for your lovely mothers!
I just saw DoctorStalker by WAS AWESOME!
there are so many good ones.
People are fucking funny.
we do, but will check out , too!
thanks!
lol!
Maybe I shouldn't have used my twitter handle : 
Yesterday must have been Possum Stupid day as I almost ran over two in the road.
Getting my eyes upgraded
GOP women will follow RushLimbaugh to hell and it's a remarkably short trip
Haha tell her i said hi!
Wow i am so tried, but i slept an hour earlier last night :/ thanks goodness i don't have a class today.
You either Build or destroy ...
Kept screwing up that last tweet IT'S THE iPHONE'S FAULT!
Can't wait till Pujols is in Chicago next year
I've been waiting a long time to see the Bruins win the cup.
My whole life to be exact.
Ya it's wierd, once I click on the egg pic in my professorle it does come up.
So you for sure can see my pic without clicking then
Just making stayathome a nobrainer I guess!
RT New Babysitting Bill Is Going to Ruin Life for Working Moms
Homework Help from 1:305:00.
What can you get help with?
Any topic, any grade level, any subject!
I don't think Hammer can spell twitter...
Babysitter's Club can't even handle me right now.
Thanx!
we promised Raleigh a professorssional taxi service.
Look forward to meeting you.
ENJOY YOUR DAY!
bynum  pau wasn't talking strategy, they trying to figure out what excuse they gon give Kobe tonight!
LOL gotta get on the same pg...haha
Excited to be around my wife's family this year for the holidays.
good night gorgeous hope you had a great day today :
We have landed in NolA
If you think no one is listening, just turn up the volume and get LOUDER!!!!!
Hi Jennifer.
Any way I could speak with someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Which mayor do we blame for all the BS changes at the Glasshouse?
Just because love is blind doesn't mean it has to be stupid
praying Bishop, GBU!!!
Gotta get my shit together ASAP
I'm real, I'm too real I'm mean like my gyal aisleyne ,The real would not behave in such a manner you madam are an impostor!
CM Herb Wesson just called on mister Dollhouse Dude for public comment.
I don't even need to see him to know exactly who that is.
Rock Relishes a Rare Turn as the Straight Man The New Yorkbred comedian spoke recently about 2 Days in New York, his teenaged dating h
RT : just came on my Pandora Fall Out Boy station.
I almost fell out of my chair.
we just need to find ways to teach them skills through tech making it relevant to them.
Wait wait, don't answer that, the website just told me
I don't blame you.....good luck with the diet!
hahaha yeah he's so perfect3.
Thank you to all 592 fans!
I appreciate your support for me and Sweet Melissa's.
ur welcome sweetie
Criticizing evolution now protected in Tennessee  Washington Times
LOVED the kickboxing photo!
But Lavender says she's gotta work on it some more.
used to work at a hawaiian bakery in high school.
got em right off the fryer.
graduated
So I got home to the guy cleaning the gutters  the moss to see my greyhound running around the block like a race track oh that is your dog
No one will make a lock without a key.
Similarly, God won't give problems without solutions.
get a mullet, i have a feeling those are coming back.
:D don't really get a do that makes you, YOU.
ahaha im lame.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu
You're right!
I totally forgot.
Great movie by the way.
Love this jam
Seriously, did I get sent back in time to 1992?
I feel like I'm stuck in Reality Bites over here in Logan Square.
Today blows
that's what I thought it was going to be like!
text me
Showering is so annoying
still on for the Vidcon party right???
:D
hi!!!!
how are YOU?
how was the benefit?
Girls with short hair 
Off to the City for a Go See for a Print job.
;
No big plans for the weekend.
I'm excited its the week...end!
: What is Razoo up to?
Finally updating to OS X Lion, hopefully now can transition from MobileMe to iCloud.
Your life is your garden and your thoughts are your seeds, so if your life isn't awesome you've been watering the weeds
don't you mean Hipchester?
Exactly RT : I'll start feeling sorry for Rory when he gets old and fat and poor.
Thanks for the looper recs.
Isn't Jonathan Z wonderful?
It's such an honor to make music with him.
Remember when some guy threw money at us the second we walked into the bar?
We had a great meeting today thanks for everyone calm despite the showers.
Build day is this weekend, if interested send us a DM
37 days until the Indiana County Fair begins.
Hope to see you all there.

my uncle's wedding  mt.
Charleston.......loving the chocolate fountain!
lol i hate their limits
Are you a Fergie fan?
Then follow us!
Great chatting w/ today about whats happening in the world of
I am guilty ...lol I would buy these
Get ready 2 head back over for Day 1b 400k Gtd 225 buyin w/ next day reentry
Guess someone did not like what I tweeted  no longer follows me.
Truth hurts and will catch up with you one way or another.
That LakersThunder game went exactly how I thought it would.
Young legs vs.
Old legs.
This isn't going to be pretty
Notice  cherish life's surprises.
Just because it's not what you were expecting, doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for!
I'm so bored that I am beginning to think things.
OVERthink things...
not with his upcoming salary.
why would any team outside Jax trade for him?
everyone knows Denver is done with him
Up counting my blessings  can't keep track of the number due to the amount of them God grants in my life!!
Leadership is knowing the differen between telling and engaging.
The festival?
No.
I get paid by Pitchfork, but not enough to cover costs unless I can sell to other outlets later.
mlanet12 new name will be Master Shifu
ha!
Yea I would prefer to not wreck anymore cars.
But I am up at least 25 times a night so I'm up for the party!
Haha
skipping all my classes today finally on spring break
Sucks not having my UK family with me in Las Vegas!
Watching the game solo tonight!
RT Media companies need to stand for a point of view, a genre...they become brands associated with a certain taste
Harrison Barnes is just Marvin Williams 2.0, right?
yeah, hate it when our guys have, you know, principles.
: Dumb RT : Feingold goes off on Obama superPAC reversal
Oh, yeah.
Funny how some people think it would never apply to them!
what did you bring?
well i can respect your Laker pride...
and good thing you live by the water b/c yall bout to be going fishin real soon
one of these days im going to just admit that i dont understand
o AP and PAP holders: Ensure you bring ID to parking.
Rumor holds that someone on 192 is selling fake wdw AP's to grant free parking.
NO!
Did he smile while he was doing it?
Did you get a plate?!
Congratulations Miles Applebaum and Jordan Mendelson, accepted to participate at the Ithaca Jazz Festival.
Now I got my Mom hooked on Heroes!
yessir!
He almost took me to the title this year!
Been up for awhile, but yet i woke up in the middle of the night in a good mood?
O.o
Is that it?!
Nope, airplane.
Chillin in peoria wanting to do something
With that said, niggas that are Heat fans talk about the Pacers as if they aren't a legit contender in the league
school is the reason for my being depressed thru most of middle school.
NotKidding .
I think someone is playing a joke on me.
4 more power outages today.
Miami Heat
Go Kandi Go!
I'll pass your good wishes along, good sir.
Cheers!
A selfish bitch and I hope you Greece everyday realizing you lost a good friend bitch !
apologies moviedoom, thought you were talking about Poltergeist vid I postedstill same, but w/motion
My physics teacher made me bend over
.
explaining NINES, COLLEX digital tools with federated search of collections controlled by original sites
May is Short Story Month
iLamp.
Not a fan of Macs eh?
CBarkley, please be quiet.
He needs a filter  a brain.
He's the Alexi Lalas of Bball.
Clearly, we all need entertainment beyond the sport.
man they be throwing away they money all of dip sit ain't shit now, they like regular people with phenomenal flows....smh
aren't those the best kind of trips?
We do not currently, but have considered doing so in the future!
RT : Do you have a studio audience?
9 more days of school.
FUCK YES.
obviously RT : one flatscreen tv at this dmv office is dedicated to a still image of keanu reeves against a tiedye background.
so you're coming up to do live reports, right?
on the up side i havent been able to stop watching the BOYFRIENDvideo all day.
;D
sick of having a wasteful work space?
Try some of these simple tips for a more sustainable work day!
SO IM SPENDING 2 BANDZ IN THE CLUB TONIGHT
jealous?
who went 210 again?
I try to tweet from where I go w/ the vegan ala11 tags.
Bagels are not supposed to squeak when you cut them.
Another day, another donut.
Okay, maybe more than just one donut.
Woo hoo!
Good morning!
RT : Happy Friday everyone!!!
Brewers depth has played a big role this week with the extra innings game last night and the rash of injuries.
See ya, Canucks
I don't like water, but I have been trying...good for the kidneys!
It's all good
My friends are funny.
Girl asked me have you ever tweeted from the toilet haha
the fruit loop?
get it?!
.
students: we know you've got a tight budget so come in  see us for great food at a great price!
are you trying to kill me with your sexiness?
had congressional data entity info so that could easily align their data for lodlam results.
RT if u have an xbox 360 and an xbox live!
I want to go on a date.
After a whole week if no shows due to vacations...we finally begin prepping for tommorows show...
interesting.
I think I like the desk top version.
Though, I'm not a pro at either.
Tx!
I'm mostly on board with that philosophy.
From what I'm hearing the coaches really wanted him and it wasn't forced by owner
It's really the best way.
The streaming selection sucks.
because I wanna!
:p
Yay for Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac FOR FREE!
: 333333333333.
Had a gud day....
Nite still young  I aint no where near sleepy...
Leaving the office right now  heading over to for a nice cold beer and a live performance See y'all there!
Ima buy you a doctornk;
I'm at my grandma's house.
Done!
Please help spread the word about us if you dig our music!
Thanks
Tonight the moon will the brightest it has been in 18 years
So there's this guy...
3
Rise and grind!
Ready to perfect this music, prep for these business meetings, and plan out these music videos.
We are ready.
Go Go Action Broncos!!!
While eating something healthy would be ideal, eating anything in the morning is important to boost metabolism and fuel your body  mind
Don't forget about today's News Assignment Meeting at 5 p.m.
in MGC 252!
omgSTFU/omg
Hope it helped!
RT : I am in a hotel room and sick, with a business dinner in 2.5 hours.
Thank God for Stash mint tea.
I'll do it.
Trial basis at first.
RT King of Tonga Dies at 63
Still trying to figure out how to put pics on instagram...
Maybe I should jus give up now huh?
I'll just shut up and listen to what is spinning til I figure this out
Happy April Fools!
Art Fact Although tattooing has come far, the tattoo gun's design was originally based off of a doorbell design.
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5Wed June 9 Open til 2am
u dumb fuck i am spending friday with my son.
Stop hating thats such a bitch trait ur such a fucking lady martina
spurs playoff game tomorrow.
Dis is her clostie hacking her page like its nun!!
: 143
I never wanted a terrier!
Den thought he was a chi at first.
Nope...terrier.
Holy Shit.
You were RIGHT ,sir.
This is right up my alley.
Now to match the stories to the names...hm
BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: We Came As Dwight.
Nice out today!!!
Candle making time!!!

or the month thereafter!
what sample did you have?
English or History
Again....beer is really good.
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 24
Don't mean to be sentimental, but aside from , might be the best thing ever happened to me.
Lol I miss your's too.
Fack.
When are you going back in to TR?
using a subdomain will negatively impact your rankings unless every citation uses the same subdomain as well.
You do have a lot to talk about!
You did it with the oil spill song didn't you?
Prior 2 tweets: The lament of all anthropologists of science everywhere.
oh, that's nice.
doctornk doctorving is really dangerous and it may compromise inocent people's lives.
Yes, it's def an eye opener
Failure is a part of innovation/discovery.
Stone's failed podcasting idea led to the invention of Twitter
Thanks for your continued support!
You're a real class act.
You'll be the first I thank in my Emmy speech.
Sorry mom!
Do right by her....
Nice seein u buddy, hit me up!
thanks for the support!
:
oh well man!
Keep up the training!
Your looking good man!
And I hope you get better soon!
Will keep you in my prayers.
god bless!
Just saw a great film: The Conspirator.
I think I'm falling for you
we were at UK the same time and then both moved to Houston for the past five years.
I hate snow so please don't go to Minnesota
God paid a lot for his endorsement, His name is Jesus Christ, He was sent to take the penalty for our sins.
ok : I love u babe 333
I need more sleep.
Nancy Grace is showing exactly where we lived in Tucson, this is the closest ill probably get to ever going back.
Well..
cold turkey starts tomorrow morning.
I'm worried, scared nervous excited..
etc..
LOL..
typical me
Simply unbelievable.
some days i feel like my life is a bob dylan song.
thankfully those days seem to be further and further behind me now.
louis prima is ideal
Wow!
That is great!
We're glad you enjoying singing our music.
Good Luck on this round!
If u have any HCG qs feel free to ask us!
RT Yay!
Back on the hcg Time to continue my final weight loss
uploading my very first video on , can't wait for the next step!
:
thanks for the onair shout!
Cant want for 7/28!
yay!
What are you making?
ever thought of writing a book on web mapping?
I can't think of a better candidate for an author in the field.
so disappointed at turnout
How trouble can start: this morning, while my partner was sleeping, I left to go for a run.
BUT I texted him: went out for a rum.
Ever see someone that just stuns you?
Like seriously takes your breath away.
Who makes something that fine!
Oh yeah, God does...lol.
Oh no!!!
'No party this year' are tragic words!
What am I going to do with myself?
down loaded it.
Thanks!
Ugh, I asked yo ass a ?
On FB like a week ago tho...
M hmm!
oO
Sometimes i look at life from a different angle ..dnt knw if im Gods child Or if im satan's Angel
April Fools ended yesterday, Cabel!
My poops have always been way more magnifique that my douchenozzle brother.
Most likely due to my high carb/low nutrition diet.
TY so much for your compliment!
: let's continue to grow the socent community !
Yes.
: RT : This year marks the 20th anniversary of Goosebumps.
Does that make you feel old?
That aqwerd moment when your looking in your pouch for your pen only to realize its right in front of you!
: 
We have major problems with food production  animal cruelity in the country.
Foie Gras is not one of them.
Let's
So excited for my first event on May 8th with
will let you know!
Anxiously waiting for the release!
That awkward moment when you're at dinner and your mom's old coworker is your waitor...
,Salam my friend,i am getting better every day
CHE livechat w/Cathy Davidson re: her book,Now You See It, on brain scienceeducation, w/Anne Balsamomore!
Wed, 8/31 9AM PST
blake got lucky lol
Thanks for following
it's on twitches...hang on!!!
Exciting news for Maryland cyclists
lols same here copy cat
Judging an excellent music entrepreneurship presentation by grad students at WPU.
The students are better than concept thrown at them : 
And if you hear anyone tell you otherwise, they are in the minority or in bed with their company's public relations arm.
lineup announced tonight at midnight, excited i definitely plan on going this year!
so what's up?
Traveling to NACUA conference on Sunday?
Build in extra time.
S.F.
Pride Parade expects to doctorw 750K people and affect traffic near hotel.
It's funny, now that I have three kids, it's like I've rediscovered garbage food, even while losing 50 lbs in the past 2 yrs.
Back at ya!!!
I feel sorry for the bank of america worker that answers my call.
Im about to rain shit on their world
I am presenting at cil2012 as well.
We could actually meet in person!
:
I feel like dancing!!!
Thanks Adam, have a great rest of your weekend!
The 2012 Fringe rewatch has begun.
Now i make my new mix is gona be Fkn insane fkn crazY !x
I agree.
Wish I had done more of it this year.
How many times have I almost ran into ?
Like how I found out she was at the Pilates studio later after I left that same day!
Lol
JEBUS.
And with that...is there anything else to watch today?
Dude Just Stop
K, I'm gonna go cry now.
Beta tested Rift  is it better now than Beta?
Stuck in WoW with all the time put in there.Good player base?
Grafx better now?
Yea.
Over promising.

hearing thumping upstairs.
I did not down.
Investigated outside determined walking on side deck.
Unknown who.
Will monitor.
IR quiet
Ugh just got the biggest scare of my liffee!!
So sick of love songssz 
It's freaking insane trying to deal with Twitter, FB and G at the same time.
But there are meds for that too.
it will be, just to piss me off.
At least it didn't come down to stupid field goals.
Why does it smell like breakfast in my apartment?!
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
Glad you're liking Gist  how can I help?
All of our clients are still available
So do we now start a hashtag of
When, oh when will I ever learn to put the straw in the tall plastic soda cup before the ice cubes?
Feel free write me in for the GOP primary.
I am the true conservative.
Donegal Fergus on LCC baseball: I love the coaching staff at Seattle U, and it's tough for me to leave them.
They're also sad to lose me.
BIG SHOUTOUT TO and FOLLOW them all, itll be good for you!!!
Let's help women feel beautiful for who they are!
DM me to start an amazing project!!
Welcome to Twitter :.
Be sure to add me Love.
Benjamin what's up....
I checked that out this morning.
Great read :.
I love the daily devotional.
Farmers market was popular this morning.
Strawberries and asparagus are in.
Are you working for that fascist now?
How sad.
RT Mayor : This is a major turning point
Cody teases me.
are you kidding that's crazy where does that girl live?
m I just did some DAMAGE to some mexican food.
nom nom nom nom
No one likes a visit from Aunt Flow.
Dogs included
100 followers.
Thank you to all who follow me.
IADMIT I'm a B at times
God gave us real eyes to realize real lies.

RT : Are you a workinprogress, or a pieceofwork?
While you're growing, always remember that people matter the most.
Got any good ideas for Space Room Lounge tshirts/hoodies?
Thanks so much for following
I'm a real charmer!!
;
I don't think I've ever been so unprepared for a day of school before...I really don't like this.
Great we r not no hit thru 6.
got over wit tht
Guy at dunks named Lancelot inspired me to reread T.H.
White.
Only been...
10 years.
How dumb can you be.
Me and my pony WeStoppedTalkingBecause he felt a little horse.
Compelling marketing message: YoutoI ratio should be 3:1
Hey.
Been meaning to email you.
VERY hectic, but still no excuse.
Might take a ride on the ol wheeler!
Four days until NewYork!
Can't wait!!!
Damn.
I wanted a shootout.
The dark color looks amazing on you!
Do it!
Costco with mama
Let me add that I'm child free too!
:
Il break yo fuckin nose..say sumtn stupid bout black mamba
Congrats to our client on winning her title Miss American in Las Vegas.
You Go Girl!!!
Time for crown  sash shots ;
you did a great job writing down the answers.
Good thing spelling didn't count.
excellent answer sir!
Focus Portfolios Premiere Edition would like to announce an exclusive interview conducted with JOHN SEXTON.
Be sure to stay tuned!
I detest that used the word boy.
Like they think innovation belongs to one gender?
Thanks for all the helpful info!
so glad you came!
Seeing you always makes everything more fun :
Maybe I should just go to Vegas instead?
Perhaps a little bit more interesting?
:
Tomorrow!!
All teens need to be a club fuego!!
Huge teen night!!
Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!!
10 get you inside!!
: Did that really just happen?
yes...
yes it did
We should meet up one day.
I think you're alright.
Remember to tune into the Winterfest Boat Parade tonight at 8:00 on WSVN7!
We're featured in the White Party and Boat 56!
See you then ;
With associates like this, its not wonder you like Pretzel MMs.
Two Jews Walk Into A War...
is getting great reviews.
Read them all at www.unicorntheatre.org
Now with Derrick Rose out, it's time for me to step up into the big leagues and dust of the old sneakers...too bad they don't fit anymore.
My cat Ally is always by my side no matter what
So hard to say goodbye to yesterday
RETWEET if u are a fan of and
Regardless of who you root for, we're all a member of team Red, White  Blue.
Support 'Tribute in Light' at WTC
JUST BOUT TO CHILL N WATCH DA REST OF DIS GAME
Well demonstration right now..
nyc ows..
See marchers walking peacefully with lots of police.
InCaseYouDidntKnow i am extremely outgoing and bubbly :
Denver is now up by 15.lol..Shots on me Coly
Livingston has lived on the island since 1983.
GAH I saw the score.I SHAKE MY FIST AT THE WORLD
Well, I'm sure if we ever live in the same town, we'd get close again
So jealous!
Wow.
WorstAnthemEver by at the NCAA basketball title game.
Re: rocket porn.
But disappointed to discover that the IPA tank at Stennis Space Center contained isopropyl alcohol and not beer.
PBJ and carrots for lunch.
Life is finally back to normal.
Well, almost.
Still have to kick this sinus infection.
Boo.
My Ragnar training will start Thursday.
My legs should be back to normal by then.
: Never change for someone.
If they can't accept you for who you are at your worst, they don't deserve to see you at your best.
Been looking for my phone for three hours...turns out it was sitting on my bed
Smoking think about lf Love
Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases a new AL record.
Shawn Green's 19 vs.
Brewers in 2002 is the MLB record.
looking at the biggest loser and dancing with the starts...
My dad just handed out 100 to all of us..for what?
I don't know but hey I'll take it!
Lol
just found u on twitter, my wife loves you.
Just letting you know Heart isnt the only one swooning the ladies.
your twitter escapades make me sad to be studying for finals right now
Paula Deen to reveal that she has Type II Diabetes..........anyone surprised?
Saw Hilary Swank at dinner tonight.
Let us put The Office debate on whether she's hot or not to rest.
She is STUNNING.
Wow...I'm really on youtube taking it back to Kwame Only You
we posted pics on :
I have the perfect pic of u grandma B
my mom's all like turn the movie for your brother when there's an inappropriate part he's 9 mom he needs to figure out the nasty somehow
Ice cold ZICO right outside fox hills mall perimeter in Culver City!
yep!
Mainly music videos
Got my interview with Best Buy tomorrow.
Oui...I'm quite nervous ..
Saw Deathly Hallows part 2 today and bawled for a good half of it.
Always.
Severus Snape 3
ahaha i got a few.
believe it or not i kinda wanna fuck bella thorne and debby ryan and probably miley
When you watch a movie w horrible acting, you really appreciate what good actors do HumansVSZombies show
Sometimes it makes me feel unique and inventive.
LawandOrderCommunity was pure genius.
Just finished great interview with at C2E2 .
Classy, cool guy.
Is that a Gretsch?
If so, why you go corndoggin' when you know you got Gretsch?
I almost forgot about that but for sure you know ill enjoy it
aww nobody's on :/ i guess im gonna off now !!
Ok my twitter is messed up..
It won't show me my tweets
I just found out I can type my name correctly on Tweetdeck by holding the e.
José.
I go from hosay to hoSAY.
Karen, thank you so much!
I'm just happy and 's grammy shelves remain empty!
yea dats ma role model one love x
Loved this wks epi, but then haven't seem an epi I DIDN'T, your're all the best.
Much longterm success to show.
now I love him.
Oh god why did it happen?
This would make it difficult for me to forget him
hope everything is good....
Something crazy is going down PV Country.
Check out the new Dierk's 5150 intro
ah your the best korey
I'll make sure I'm there with Sneakers!
2ThingsIAppreciate Boobs and Butts
Online learning is a vast term and numerous programs are grouped under it.
Some colleges exist only online without any physical campus...
We are People who need to love, because Love is the soul's life, Love is simply creation's greatest joy.Hafiz  Hafiz of Persia
wow how does it feel to be his  1 fan r yhu nevas or just realy happy
are you making any announcements this morning?
NYC: King's Court: a dance, theater and music piece premieres this Tuesday!
I'll be your host for the evening :
What do you get if cross a mouse woth a packet of washing up powder ?
Bubble and squeak !
So there was a time when I wished that I could get paid to make mix CDs, well I'm sort of doing that now.
Pretty cool.
I was warned that monkeys will steal your camera.
They will also counterfeit your credit card and make bogus purchases to Amazon.
Thats what I was afraid of :
What's the best Mother's day present you've received?
Tom
Ah, the days when gender was an enum.
How quaint.
Just started a City of Boston Archives twitter.
Follow us
I like them and Jessica!
finally done at the dentist, 3 hours later.
Let me say it again: Today is a great day to be an Orioles fan.
what's wrong
Las Vegas locals, follow for the best massage rates in town!
...this beer isn't helping either :
Related: I have installed Wordpress but not gotten to configuring it or replacing the stock images.
I know, I'm lazy.
i know i know i havent seen you guys in forever that needs to change!
I'd be interested to know what you think of picnics as I haven't really had the occasion to use them.
Could be a great tool...
fa sho!
But I do like JayZ more than I used to b/c of Watch The Throne.
I'm a believer!
Is it Friday yet?
Can't wait for the penultimate episode of Spartacus!
Avengers talk forthcoming.
Beware.
Lets Go
peep 's new joint.
Fire like the good ol days.
W.odmusic.com ...
Holla
plan for two full extracts
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband,William and also to misterRobin Trower!!
A doctoram is a wish your heart makes
Thank you for the RT and mention, it is appreciated.
No kidding!
Definitely more painful than that.
I'll just call you doctor Publiside.
:
Putting Your iPod On Shuffle Then Skipping Through Every Single Song To Find A Certian One
boss is mad at me for coming in to work unshaven but if I don't have a little hair down there I feel like a little boy.
RT : Dissent is the highest form of patriotism.
Watching Salt with Viggle Sun  1:20PM  Encore Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You SHALL Have What YOU Say...
CONFESSION!
My 6 month old son just post that last tweet n I don't know what that shit mean or how he did it
My new phone is like that too!
Emily is always right.
I have the worst experince with ballons
Amy's necklace is incredible!!!
OMW to the Library before I kill MaJai she act like we goin to Disney Land or sum lol
Are U a fast, fun,  friendly Jr Web Designer?
Do you love Web advertising?
Do you create bad ass creative?
If so, Tweet me!
Thinking about Marc's Big Boy.
No idea why.
But I'm suddenly hungry as hell.
Watching the bicycles parade on Market street, and about to Dine About Town in Castro.
You can't fake your way through a digital presentation or podcast or iMovieMooresville teacher Debbie Page
It's a Color Purple kind of day at
Back in Austin!!!
it snowed here last night  very nice.
The housing 's aren't up because of demand to buy homes, it's for renting purposes.
If you look at the data, it reveals this.
wrestling with my 4 yr old, and I put him in a move he couldn't get out of, so he licked my face...
off to the gym to get my run on.
Green skittles don't get the love they should.
Everyone is all about the red ones.
my body is shot after doing probably 100mi on the bike his week.
no time to rest though until sunday night.
If she still wears ICARLY shirts
Really was an amazing story!!
I'm sure most ppl will love this record warmth, but this will have consequences!
my birthday is 2morrow.
It's either Earth Day or Administrative Assistants Day so know what u mean.
But April Babies rule!
I know, sorry : I want them ALL TO LIVE WITH ME especially
August 2010!
The game evolves!
www.thesportsland.com
no!
to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something.
some people can be mean about it.
Ah!
a sunny day!The snow is bright in 4 5' doctorfts.
I'm inside sipping organogold green tea.
it increases brain power, we all need that.
Tonight came quickly.
Thanks.
Another passage: ...As long as they preserve harmony at home, and keep their institutions healthy...
Haha!
Okay wasn't making fun of you but alright
Telecom Argentina S.A.
Announces the Filing of its Form 20F with the ...
Sacramento Bee
Someone Like You:
Really??...Um..I..have a confession Oo
When you know better, you do better.
Reds have killed it this offseason.
today is one of the days where I'm closer to crying than smiling, so please take care with your words...because I'm barely hanging on.
Got flu shot at Hayes Barton pharmacy in Five Points.
Took 10 minutes and cost 30.
Totally painless.
NIce!
Less litter to pick up around the 'hood!
Do energy doctornks, too!
RT eliminates the sale of bottled water
ok well what was it?
Text it to me if its too bad for twitter
We like it too!
RT : Hey I'm loving the new location at MSP airport.
Great food, great service!
RT : Milwaukee's Jaill to release new album, Traps on 6/12 via
President Obama announces his support for samesex marriage.
I could not be prouder of our nation's leader.
Again, Twitter justifies its existence:
I just decided to bust a all nighter, I have too much to prepare for...
sleep is the cousin of death;
Going to see my old friends!

I was just reading an article saying they are going trying to revamp it into other projects.
Not sure if people will use it...
Women go through the worst pain physically..
It's ONLY glitterandgrease ?
We were under the impression you were gonna leak several unreleased projects
I got to see some adorable baby marmosets at today.
What a treat!
HarborEast flashmob photos posted stay tuned for more pix n video!
Hello....
Yes is this spring allergies?
Yeah I'm just calling to tell you that you suck!!!
Brazilian Steakhouses are deliciously evil.
I 3 them.
I saw it on Ben Simons wall today.
We hope you're enjoying your lunch!
How is everything?
Okay weather, that's cool.
Literally.
Food doctorve for Senior Food Baskets!
Kindly donate for hardworking seniors in the community!
Check out the flyer in our pics for more info!
Have you been in to visit our new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery?
Check out designer doctorsses in the PWH Blue Wrap Project show.
Well my doctorve home was adventerous.
Hwy 179 is covered.
It is snowing like a big dog friends.
Love doing  The Chew makeover segments
: Seriously considering selling my dog.
If anyone would want a yorkie let me know you'd cry
Happy Wednesday!
Half way through the week!
:
yeah, and I had a fun time at the maze.
Ur text yesterday deserved no rrsponse
In name of God, GOP mocks world's great faiths.
In name of families, it fails them.
In name of America, it flouts Constitution.
blurb.com RT : Anyone ever print a nice coffee table book?
If so, who'd ya use to print it.
Then, 'The Sweet Life in Paris,' 'Unfamiliar Fishes,' 'The Night Corcus,'  'Bright's Passage.'
There is no try.
Only do.
I love it too
yeah I hope the same for you!
tell him to tell them to let us have a party of 15.
Lol they r saying we can only have 8  a table 
Commercial shoot was awesome yesterday!
So thankful :
OMG sometimes girls be doing some crazy dumb shit that you just think no she didn't LOL.
Wasn't that kinda the point?
That violence IS sadistic.
MARC records for UPCC Books are now available from
Lets me get you coffee this week and give you some copies of stuff.
Thanks!
if you wanna get them slow and work at it ask people to follow4follow : I'll start you off :
We would love to hear what favorite causecharity you support!
Give a shout out for your org  Curepals
don't make me lock you up back in the zoo, mister Penguin
One of the best bonding moments with !
Time for a
My dad is the best.
Hes celebrating his bday playing w his new ipad, youtubing videos of James Taylor  Paul McCartney.
Love u
Enter the inner sanctum.
hold another petite version of ANTM!
And don't stop making the show!!!
Jose Reyes signed with the Miami Marlins for sixyears, 106 million
ImSingleBecause is trending again.
I'm not even gonna start.
Linda Riss I sadly get why she went back with her psycho ex, she was blind it was a different time.
She would have been homeless.
the whole Jerry thing is gross to me..
Try some Bushmills
TextsThatGetYouScared I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING!!!!
it sure does get me scared.
Oh I hate hospital !!!
I hate my hatchi because it turned into the same one as my last two.
I think this means I'll be a bad mom.
Good morning NYC.
The Dish Hopper AUTOMATICALLY records your entire prime time line up for FOX, ABC, CBS and NBC, every day.
3506428
i have added you on face book
Football is a game of adjustments, and Dom Capers knows this fact.
It wouldn't hurt to get his defense off the field, though.
Therefore, is focusing on the consumerization of I.T.
in 2012.
Visiting my mother today.
Listening to Barry White, Luther Vandoctorss, and The Whispers.
She was asking about her personality.
Cute's just obvious ;
add me
I wonder who pulled more allnighters studying back in the day or ?
Its so cold out it make you wanna speak in tongues...lol
morning sister!!
This Kendoctor on Top commercial makes my teeth itch.
Change is the only constancy in life
Thanks and love for the new follows!
thai food, hayes valley, leaving now.
Catching up on 's roof.
Long overdue.
I hate when i see 10 tweets from the SAME PERSON in 5 minutes.
Tf?
You don't have a life that much?
yea ok
Seski say you welcome.
First time my folks Ben out like a light dis early
A woman just asked how parents with limited English professorciency can be involved with their childoctorn's Baltimore public school education.
Proud of A company that has such an impact on young minds should be more responsible.
a deadly illness as trivial joke  not funny
it was probably my mom or brother or Nylah
no, there is some improv on my myspace.
myspace.com/onefunnybitch.
Check it out.
great article right there.
Like you, I too feel like this is the end of the road for an aging team.
I'll say OKC in 5
my dad's the biggest asshole I know.
Glad you won!
You're kind of a big deal in my book  leather bound, of course.
Great to see you today.
workers/designers want to take my Fresh kics brand to the extrem  they also consider on making FRESH HIGH HEELS FOR THE LADIES.FRESH HEELS!
X to Oh, part 2
it's ALL winning!!!!
baby
I had it on the TV, but I fell asleep before they were on!
:
Insider News!
Heidi Klum left Seal for a Sea Lion.
It's all about a pop of color on the lips Mothers Day Makovers with Clinton Kelly.
I had fun with this assignment!
can't fall asleep either but I find reading tweets more entertaining.
I'm pissed I can't see my boys this weekend.
Family lake Easter weekend blows.
I'm comin to ATX nxt weekend
haha.
That's hilarious.
My husband once rubbed dish soap on leftover pizza before he tossed so I wouldn't eat it.
Besides, it's not like my rooting makes a difference  just makes me feel better, if only for a fleeting moment.
:
Why is so awesome?
Because he's
twilightexit was a mess tonight.
So packed.
Everyone trying so hard to look SO bad.
Oh well, it was still fun.
Thanx for telling me my user name!!!!
:D
I'd like to request that life get a little bit easier for a while.
I really need a break.
Could something great please happen?
Thanks.
is working on volume 4!
Stay tuned!
: John Calipari to give the Riders Up command to the jockeys at the Kentucky Derby how mad will Pitino be?
Huge game by !
Nice to see an awesome former Badger represent.
Can't wait for game 7  MSG
Sorry, just seeing both text and tweet now.
Congratulations!
Just got to Puerto Rico for the YRNC!
What's the official hashtag?
Thank you!
You, , and have been such fabulous mentors for me as I adjusted to primary.
I am so grateful.
Saw THG again :
After you pledge to become a member at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com, help us out by taking our survey  start shaping YOUR coop today.
Ps that last one was for you,
I DONT KNOW HALF THESE GUYS.
THEIR ALL LIKE YOUR HOT.
and im like k kool
Up way too early so I can be at my school by 7 for a literary magazine meeting.
Just let me sleep.
Morning Rockstars!
Ask yourself this question: Will this matter a year from now?
Richard Carlson, writing Don't Sweat the Small Stuff
That's how life works that's how life is etc.
Youve already admitted he was getting singled out  scapegoated multiple times.
I would ship you with Niall.
You're so beautiful.
:
illegal import/smuggling of WIld Life, a big bus.
7:00pmE tonight www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief guest speaker Voney Yates
He's what you want, but I'm what you need.
My car needs a detail in the most immediate way lol
Fun fact: Enamel is the hardest substance in the body.
Linda, welcome to the BHB page, please enjoy the music, thanks!
RT : Colombians and Dominicans 
My fridayreads is Rosamund Lupton's AFTERWARDS.
First Lupton for me  everyone raves about her!
And it's not even my birthday....
Formal lab almost complete.
Woot woot
People who just sign their name in the yearbook
how long do you think you need to train to get through ?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
A much needed detox workout.
And I avoided bagels AND cake at work today.
you ready for high school?
Freshamn year should be interesting.
watching a movie lol I'm bored
Happy New Year Violet!
Make 2012 spectacular!
BOUTA SMOKE 1 WATCH LIL T.V THEN FALL OUT NIGGa bed empty smh me my bed n i.
DontWifeThatChickIf she don't clip her toe nails
Congrats on the speedy IM703CA racing!
coolin workin what up wit u mean
their she go again smh.....hope it ends well lol.....not
Omg twitter is so funny right now.
I apologize for blowing up timelines haha
i am haunted by the antelope.
Glad I could help...
:D
Busy and exciting work week ahead.
The Atlanta Braves return home tonight to begin to a twogame series against the Reds at Turner Field.
Who will stop dwight tonight?
Should be fun.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
Mahatma Gandhi
LIKE this status if you are counting down the days left to school before the summer...or if your kids are!
Awesome 2 days of events w/Turning Wheels for Kids
Hope to go!
no!
It ended around 1:15
Waiting 4 the premiere  the Ziegfeld, sitting nxt 2 the star.
ya my dad told her i was in love with him and she's go I no why is everyone in love with him lol I said he's amazing duh
TONIGHT: Unsigned talent FREE.
Karma Lounge, NYC  51 1st.
Ave.
Corner of 3rd St.10PM, 21ID, 10
Merry Xmas/Hanukkah to all!
and oh oh oh I guess.
:
Everyone in Seattle come check out Ignite Seattle tonight!
Rich is going to be laying down some food loving insights
FREE BOX SPRING OR UP TO 400.00 OFF ANY PLATFORM BED With purchase of any Mattress See store off any Platform bed.
See store for Details
Yes, turn to the Mark Side of the Force.
It's like the Dark Side, but lazier.
there is a truth behind every jk.
Madonna you fucking rock!
Fry asks for navigation advice.
Rodin: just got back from India, sees opportunity for US higher education there, Africa, China
It's what matters on the inside.
No amount of weave, makeup, or money will make you prettier.
What a shallow world.
Ha
Hey Bro, thanks again for the analysis.
I do think it's what I've been looking for and will make a viable film now
Half day!
Really new Twitter app?
You think I should discover cowboys does geotag say nothing?
So true.
That and Scotch.
:
RT : Beautifully said :RT : God calls the shots, I just pray for victory
thanks.
It was fun to watch.
Keep the momentum going tomorrow!
you're the jerk, jerk!
nice to have a client sing songs to me, but priceless when some old dude walks in locker room to witness, how are you feeling
you gotta find the humor in it if you don't it will consume you.
I have a god one week I was dx'd
going out tonight babaaay.
trivia
As breakfast in a library, eat barley hardtack with milk.
This Thursday I'll be In the mix  The Vault
Tim Dillard is now my favorite pitcher in the Brewers bullpen.
Why you ask?
He comes out to Star Wars music!
Fixie's are awesome!
Where do you like to ride around at?
Glad you liked the search tips!
Thanks for the RT and keep networking!
never heard him say anything remotely insightful.
Bland conventional wisdom delivered inarticulately.
Also seems to hate Arsenal
Authors of excellent memoirs FF:
Tea is doctornk to forget the din of the world.
T'ien Yiheng
Attending Indiana Historical Society In you neighborhood meeting hosted at Owens Hall, St.
MaryoftheWoods.
Great resources!
We will be open Sat.
106!
Double punches for bulk  doctornk cards.
Free candy dish when you buy a lb of any bulk candy
follow back?
x
hey, check us out!
I am guilty of crumbling crusties from my nose, but I doctorw the line at eating them.
A girl needs to set boundaries.
Today is soccer all day...
I have a game to play at 3 n then I get to come home and enjoy la copa de oro games back to back
In my case?
A possible replacement for Netflix plus free books from a lending library.
For 900, you choose that?
Loser.
watching some college basketball :
Once Cake gets stuck in your head, you even tap your pencil to cake cake cake cake cake!
Not many upsets so far in the tournament that have been suprising
I have to fix mine, but let's tour together.
Nice!
You and/or Paul want to join me at the SEC Basketball Tournament tomorrow?
Of course you keep making the same mistakes; it is too hard to think of new ones every day.Be patient with yourself if you make a mistake
Fantastic dinner at Lord Hobo in Cambridge.
Grilled cheese and cauliflower soup with a crisp IPA.
smash their mailbox
I always wondered how does one go about becoming a DIY show host like ?
Ugh that has always been a doctoram of mine /
Project X was fucking sick !
I say go for it.
It will look great on a resume.
hope see you soon!
;
burned 246 calories doing 45 minutes of Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace
: Hey, you lrnchat folks at DevLearn know that you can actually, you know, talk to each other, right?
sounds unreasonable
power of love
We don't even have to do anything exciting or fun...I just wanna spend time with you.
Bout to throw a few back with
lmao hush u must b the second hand bttm...over there living lol lmao lol
thats what you think 
I must use this coffee high for good.
Okay, Peter Parker, bitten by a radioactive Starbucks twintailed siren.
GUYS!
it's getting close to..FRIDAY, FRIDAY!...which seat should I take?
I'm gonna come home next weekend We better hang out and I can't wait for dinner with on Sunday
and...
I hadn't considered philosophical implications until i caught your tweet.
I'm about to pay 200 dollars to see Best investment ever :
well, I meant in the actual theater.
In front of my computer screen it is very gay.
what does that mean, apparently you're done tweeting?
I didn't get to reply and make fun of you yet!
Are you a Carnevor?
Where is FS San Diego??
18 just gives me the no channel there, 23 is MSNBC.
who wants a s/o in my 100th tweet?
kindofembarrassing I only have 96 tweets...
Watching One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Dang, Nicholson was FINE.
love you too and thanks!!!!
: 
what are you watching?
Shit is stressful..
I'm so tired  I really wanna go back to sleep.
waking up with Diana Ross' It's My Turn stuck in my head is exactly how I feel today
My father wants to go zoobombing.
He saw a video on the BBC website.
I may have to go document this.
THANK YOU Jim!
You do the same!
see you soon!
: I want all my cheeseheads to be my valentines...
Cool  all....
But man up...
mad props to you bro
now you two kiss.
I'll take a picture.
Is anyone else having Netflix issues this evening?
XLR8 Entertainment will be at Notre Dame HS tonight for Senior Night!!!
Live entertainment for both JV and Varsity bball...
pics to come!!
Reading/loving Kant's Critique of Judgmentso much better than flying through it under pressure in school.
how so?
Great idea!
I'm off to spend the day w/grand kids.
I'll get back to you!
So if a coach takes over a great team and keeps it great for a long time, he is not as successful as the coach who built it 1st?
if the Sixers got a legit scorer this team could be dangerous...
Ottawa.
A dence haze over the entire doctorve, which we've surmised to be the physical manifestation of boredom.
im just sittin here about to take some cough syrup and fall out lol
thanks for that first round pick, LA.
Elektricity night club tonight new venue in Pontiac, Michigan.
Will be headlining!
See you there!
no I don't.
Who's down for a Denny's run in hamburg?
Thanks!
:D
If that was ur sister would u say something?
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library ABQ!
not true and definitely not appropriate
Amen to what you just retweeted!
What are you studying lately to bring yourself closer to God?!
Gotta keep that connection!
Yup so hit me up when you wanna go :  yeah cause randee knows all the good spots.
Lawyers claim that their clients have been grossly mistreated, which is what criminal defense lawyers are paid to do
No problem ; : Dear , thanks for the follow beautiful YOUNGSWAGSWAGESQUIRE
Hope everyone had a great Halloween!
I definitely enjoyed watching Hocus Pocus!
Time to fret about tomorrow's presentation 
BACK ROW OF OUR SECTION
thanks for the RT!
have a great day!
Funny story about Will It Blend and the power of
Bulls guard Derrick Rose will have 8 to 12 months of rehab after tearing his ACL in the 1st round of the playoffs.
What other designers are headed down to SXSW this year?
We can be BFF's
RT this if you LOVED watching the Pacers kick the Heat's ass!
single lady's are single cuz they ugly !
hey denna!
The release of my video single, down, will be coming out august 20 at kellieluvella.tv u can hear a soundbite on my
YES.
And this patron was too good to to use scratch paper as a protector.
and killed that performance on TheVoice  Now where can I get a lightup grill?
Lol
um that hashtag DOES NOT apply to me with either of you thanks!
Its been ugly but hanging in there.
what?
The August regents of the University of Texas aren't interested in aiding and abetting?
We spent most of today getting things finalized for Social Media Day Phoenix!
Expect updates and big news June 4th!
Lots of overlapping circles of people here at the Innovation Alliance meeting...
A UN of Baltimore doers and thinkers
Watch likemind on BlogTV.com Friday morning, 3/28  watch Twitter and Facebook for URL!
my babe put me on a strict diet for , if i eat sweets i dont get any sex!
lmao 3
need developers, ah!
go Philly tech for being so high in demand
play combat training mode.
It's the online maps but against CPU.
You can choose game and difficulty
what is your thoughts on air brush make up?
Have you ever tried it?
Sure!!
Chirpify is an app that you must register with first.
It takes 1 minute and then you can buy music with 1 click
I Believe In Giving People Second Chances.
After That We're Done.
Just got on set love my job shout out to Zac vona on set with me !!!
M yeah today was fun.
Baseball, Big Hat Days, hookah, ps3, church, chipotle  now a little BBQ.
Want a cinnamon bun right now tho
Awww.
Your son's birthday party comes first!
: Happy Bday to him.
: My son is 6 and my daughter is 7.
Survival rate 100.
:
the new site looks great!
Can't wait to use it to find some new RVA spots
WordPress blog site.
That's awesome.
Woot!

ME: We have built an API you can use to /get all the info you need.
THEM: Hmm.
Can't we just connect to your DB?
shut your damn mouth.
hey, i'm hungry 3 ;
: I wish Nokia still sponsored the Sugar Bowl.
10000000000000
this was Saturday night.
Last night....no blogging.
Just love.
Snowing in Lincoln Square.
Guess Christmas is just around the corner, like all the retailers keep telling me.
What is wrong when 90 of all elections are won by the candidate with the most money?
I think campaign finances need a major fix, NOW.
I will forever be a mahomie!!
I want to be tired, i need sleeeepppppp!
Good point.
Real estate has changed!
RT Weird90 of the tools I use for my business...I didn't even know about 3 years ago
smh u owe me for everything where do I start kmsl
We stand with victims of violence.
We stand with victims of trafficking.
And we work to make the industry safer and world less oppressive
i just smh everytime they get stuff wrong.
dont even get me started on the teen magazines.
holy mother i get fired up
I think you need to offer up your mug for our next round of domu advertisements.
We're going to have to challenge to a partyoff!
its the Fckin Car City?Hyundai Classic
One of our greatest philanthropy heroes has to be  a dedicated and generous supporter of so many great efforts!
I want to date a gryffindor quidditch player.
:D
Time to set up WI solar booth at WREF2012!
Beautiful am in Denver
Cannot wait for Ptown
Today has been CRAZY
Oh, I had no doubt I wasn't alone.
Will someone tell me what website to put up all these statues that everyone keeps recycling
better but still makes me wanna slap a hoe lol
Just a quick factoid..
did you know that 106.7 KISSFM is 100 commercial free every afternoon between 25p when you listen on iHeartRadio?
She probably hate me now smh i dont hate her no hard feelings at all
Hey Gov, if things got you down come stop by old sac  we will be happy to treat you  your staff a scoop :
nope.
Only when you tweet me to remind me to check email!
; more soon...
Cuddletime is today at 11:30, bring your baby not yet walking and enjoy this amazing bonding and learning experience!
Wake Up In The Morning, Time To Make Some Money WorkFlow ish I Aint Never Been Bummy!
Anyone have examples of films that they think didn't get a HARSH ENOUGH rating from the MPAA?
People wo are social online but not in real life 
Just read that Van Halen has postponed their Summer Tour, apparently feuding again.
my youtube channel: 42,091 video views WHAT
ncce Dennis small WA Ed Tech Dir promises to crosswalk ed tech standards w/info.
Lit.
Standards.
Amazing!!!!
I'm tweeting I'm tweeting!
Woo.
Those are gooorrrgeous.
AND RE:Juice?
I LIVE DANGEROUSLY, ALRIGHT?
XD
Jazz!
Jazz!
think josh Gary will make the final roster for the U23 team
RT : The day 3.5 million Twitter followers have been waiting for  she finally sent her 1st tweet.
Had a loong stern talk w/my girls ab life boys..Im mamadaddy, so somebody gotta keep it real wit em.These boys AINT IN LOVE IN HIGH SCHOOL
check your dm bra
Hey girl, it kinda sorta looks like Crayola gang banged your face.
cont ..be thankful you can do it and have the skills to do it.
via aka Pops That's a beast ewave.
Home Opener
He is definitely strange
I love cranberry juice
This morning God, You are speaking So LOUDLY!
Thank You.
I need that today.

night roaming childoctorn should be a band name!
Bet you didn't know: Liposuction gives you better control over where you gain weight in the future.
makeup/hair/style tutorial videos on youtube!
so far, all attempts look like stopmotion surveillance videos.
Not pretty at all.
I don't understand how someone with the twitter name of I eat pussy has 15,000 followers
Hey thanks for the Follow!
Make sure you check us out on Facebook as well!
:
did you get your banner yet??
For Saints Season?!
www.worldchampionfans.com
Coyote Ugly Tonite!
Featuring ,, and a special guest appearance by ...
where are you!
Waiting for Blues Clues to end so I can put the kids down for a nap!
so why do the Wizards come out flat in every road game; still adjusting to the social scene with such a young team maybe??
Not enough
When that one special person makes your day with one text 
HELL NO!
It will mock you if download it and then hear it IF the ' bad thing' happens.
You can do right after SB
I'm not sure I'd it's Jeff trying too hard on the first track or Nels  but it is an interesting spin.
Love it though.
Cheers
thank you so much!
She aint messing with no broke nigga.
Launching fresh company this week  Marketing done properly
: I have the best girlfriend ever  Same to you, angel.
hrm...
i guess I can make an exception for one or two
You know she bad when you about to hit another car because you looking at her
But tmw I've gotta conquer the AP stats exam and recital!
Oh lawwwdy.
Nameless Sound Creative Kids BAND, Lucas Gorham, Manu Gonzalez, Jason Jackson  David Dove  houstonartfet  HAA Stage  Sat.
27th 1pm
Alright.
Where are you?
agreed.
She's too much of a mess though let's be honest
must be nice to be a handsome man!
Nice!
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
Woodburn High School fire upgraded to 4 alarms.
Additional fire units coming in from other agencies
true, but there are better and worse aspects to emulate.
That Campfield got a thrill should chill everyone.
I will unfollow u and follow him  will that help ?
...
All I said was you lucky you straight!
;P Rawr!
This Howard is either the weakest big man in the country or he's floppin all over the place and the refs are giving him the call
Must be that new sales guy they just promoted!
oh I see..
when do the allcaps come off now that it's not football season?
oh wow  your blog explains quite a lot about me...
RT : yeah tonight was fun lets do it again sometime ; x x
Joao Plata from Ecuador in for Toronto FC MLS scores 2 goals tonight hope to see him more this year
And a huge series win over Arkansas for the Bat Cats tonight, the 2nd series won in Fayetteville in school history.
GO BIG BLUE!
ha kidding ;
preparing lots of lists  one pesky game element requires more thought.
Looking forward to some cool graphics soon.
Good Luck....
many many luck
RT : RB Le'Ron McClain agreed to terms on a 3year deal with the SD Chargers.
I LOVE that a few of my babies are following me  I'm following them!
Family is not always blood.
It's all love if you ask me!
Love y'all :
Wow I had a massive virus on my computer!
Yuck!
YOU HAD ONE JOB.
Just take the stupid pills and you'll feel better!!
Twitter is about to get so exhausting
It sounds like it's time to get another job!
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?A hum dinger !
Your One Stop Shop For Financing And Realty Services...www.newbridgehomeloans.com
Where to ?
I know all the spots RT : the more the merrier!!!
ur invited too !
Lord help me to begin to begin  George Whitefield
2 vital skills of HR leaders: Analyzing  applying data; Supporting innovation  engagement via collaboration HCM2012: tinyurl.com/7l7rpwt
eww twitters being dumb goodnight.
Any more screw ups today would be greatly appreciated.
Way to go, Me.
Make more work for yourself, Champ.
Even is upset by BasketballWives RT : So disturbed by this episode.
why did you say that?
we're so glad you are excited for our Joseph event but Donny is ill  the event has been postponed.
Check back for the new date.
There's a talking parrot outside the atrium Pollywanttoshutthefuckup?
Do it!
What's with all the porn based off popular cartoons?
Quit ruining my favorite shows!
Do the creators like this crap??????
Hiding like Thieves in the Night from life illusions of oasis making you look twice
Thanks for reading!
Sharing pictures on FB just got easier.
Mark Zuckerberg announces acqusition of
I WOULDA BEEN LIKE OMG I LOVE HIS SONG GIVE ME LOVE AND SHE WOULDA BEEN LIKE  LOL WHATS THAT ?
then i woulda slapped her
Probably a simple answer, but how can sounders announce Gspurning, yet can't announce their new DP until the Jan window?
hey man, want some of my wellbutrin?
No ticket no taco
Comcast mail is down.
it was a great trip!
I love meeting the graduates  hearing their amazing stories.
I use that hashtag all the time now just for you haha
I thought that was just for decorations!
haven't decided if im going to come home friday or saturday
Taken  you can always find a pretty girl where the the fun's at
I think I'm falling for her.
:3
Off of work but so much to do.
Thx for the RT!!
Hope you had a great weekend :
I'm averaging attending 1.5 basketball games per week.
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thanks and Have a good day.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
where are you going for your birthday ?
memorized ALL my spanish vocab in 45 minutes YOLO
y u keep bringin up kim 2 me for?
Dats teamminaj problem jus cuz someone dnt like her dey gotta automatically B a kim stan
Atl Bound So Ready!!!!
Did I mention I LOVE weed...
just got back Boston long trip
Was chocolate involved?!
:
Mirror on the wall you my rise n fall
5 of your classes are already canceled...
quit your complainin' slacker and come to physics.
I wana get doctornk to that level when I start loving everybody lol
RT : Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Warren Bennis
I will play the EPT side event that starts in 10 minutes.
10300 buy in and turbo!
One time, please!
Cleansing the house together
JUST FINISHED WATCHING 8 SECONDS YOU SHOULD KNOW HOW THAT GOES.....
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring.
We must never, ever be boring.
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing.
I just don't live there anymore.
Hold Republicans in Congress to their promise of 100B in cuts THIS YEAR.
No prorating to a lesser amount.
Who wants to win a coupon for a BOGO pita wrap?
Just Like this post to enter.
amen sista!!!
Total insanity !!!!
People like that needs to make disappear ;;
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
345
ThingsiloveToSee my little sisters happy because chris is over :
that would be awesome.
i know i'm getting old though when i don't know half the bands that get people fired up.
I  you friend!
On the road to Antigo for doors.
Power is back on here in Santa Cruz.
But I actually liked wearing an LED head light everywhere I went.
Might still rock it...
Yikes, almost forgot I had to work today
good luck with that...!
We're all fine thx.
I always want to be friends with the people that need shopping carts at the liquor store
You said send it but im wasting time?
Custom type  snarky type  match made in heaven
I aim to please
Hey Austin Mahoney is trending :D
You got it!
Pharmaworks!
Just saw Soriano take a brutal route to a ball in the OF.
Thanks and R3NU3VA for the FF Mentions
Have a good show Louie!
For the Knicks to win this game ...
They need to take care of Lebron  Dwayne and Carmelo  The others need to have a consistent game.
I have to do that too.
I get distracted sometimes.
I just hate homework.
:/
is someone just going through and trying to rip your entire db?
You are what you are today, because of the decisions and the choices you made yesterday.
7DAYS 7DAYS I LOVE YOU fangirling follow me : :D
It's not often you see a guy named Bubba crying.
The new songs we are working on are sounding freaking radical.
Get stoked people!
new to the menu tonight: chicken wings with celery root remoulade and bentons ham, whitefish brandade, mushroom/dandelion/fresh cheese tart.
Sad!
After 244 years the Encyclopedia Britannica is no longer printing.
It was my go to for school homework when I was growing up.
Hurd that
I would say prepping for discussion by reading for homework and discussion in class is flipping the classroom.
Bay Area teachers there is an session 3/3/12 in San Mateo, CA  the CMSESMC STEM Conference.
Join us!
delicious!!!!
i need one of those right now
Has God given you the right to judge?
Why do you waist energy on others rights to how they live.
that's awful, poor dog!
No problem, if you really want I can always get it for you even if it is a discontinued one ;
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 9
First day of PT, learning to walk again after 6 weeks post Achilles surgery.
Ahh relief.
so sad about Orange loss but I think I will root for Badgers now.
Music is my therapy.
i dont sleep.
i jus listen 2 music, Write, Rocks shows and record...
Who's interested in buying any signed football/baseball cards?
Also have a bunch of jersey cards too
that only means one thing: Ron Paul should join Swamp People.
Imy too my love
Fight redsox orioles.
The pitcher gregg doesn't get three tries to bean
howdy Miss Ami ma'am!
Excellent answer!
I Had So Much Fun Last Night At The Halo Awards !
:D 3
Really?
The Sitka librarians are all excited about a Zuil Bailey sighting in the lounge this morning.
Cuter than Estrada
cant wait to see you in LA...flying from Seattle just to see you!
hahaha what is he replies to I have a gf but if i didnt i would.
i would freak out  be like OMFG.
ALEX LOVES AFRA.
I should have a weather bomb.
Oh, the adventures I would have.........
and likes it.
oh word?
depends yo!
The dude who did ours is super dope!
Like a tatoo artist hes the best charges the most ya dig ca him
Where are you from?
Happy New Year!!!
sometimes i get a little dissapointed at the fact i can't find many people who DontSMokeWeed and i dont want to start.
Demand for residential living in Carmel Midtown is high.
is 100 occupied with talking phase II
Cleaning cycle over.
On to making split pea soup for dinner!
excuses nigga!!!
Lol my recycle is on the way and I have to get more too.
P.S.
errbody does Yo mama jokes
Thanku !
Youre VERY admired too.
BLESSED day ALL
My sons birth photos
I wish chick fil a delivered
I really enjoyed your speech last night.
A fun day, but a long one.
Haha, is this about the thread from yesterday?
can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak ill do the same:
My mom 3
Live music is an experience!
Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
Hello followers, it seems my Twitter account has been hacked.
Please ignore any DMs from me!
I have contacted Twitter about the issue.
doctor Hansen to blue tail flap: It kind of hurt me and Mike's relationship.
We're going to have to talk it out.
Both sections of 307 will take place tomorrow.
The 2 p.m.
class is excused for the walkout IF you take a twitpic of yourself in Madison.
LOL...
I might be the later and am just now figuring it out.
Turn it up, heat it up, I need to be entertained.
thanks so much for following tim:
this is my apocalypse dick!
Ah.
I see your situation.
Great siteI've bookmarked it for further perusal.
Stop trying to keep up with .
Stop chasing fads so the heauxs will think you're cute.
Do what makes YOU happy.
Fuck everything else.
Congrats to for 10K Twitter milestone.
Thanks for all of your valuable contributions.
I reference your work often.
Good morning, Tweetpeeps!
It's a new day!
Start it how ever you wish...
just start it on a good note!
Luv you all!
Happy birthday, you!
i DM'd you back!
RT : Thank you Rosa Parks for ensuring transit is for EVERYONE 55 years ago today!
I am going to start watching tonight.
When u fall asleep in class and the bell rings...everyone is gone..they lefted u sleep in class 
An ominous day to visit Yad Vashem.
It's foggy and pouring rain.
What a beautiful location tho on top of Mt Herzl
Everyone loves to create words by replacing the letter S with the letter Z.
Thought of doing the reverse...
but realized I'd be British.
In 10 days, I'll be on the beach in Vietnam.
chicken or the egg?
: Want to turn a ho into a housewife?
That only works in Scrabble lol wow
Falling asleep to meangirls for the second night in a row isn't a crime right?
In honor of EarthDay this weekend, check out for awesome Ecofriendly yoga mats!
Thank you Tall Mountain!
yeah.
life's funny!
Aww que cute I just saw a guy my age home hand with his mom at the mall c:
The rain has cleared.
My car is fixed.
Another evening with visiting family.
Life is great.
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please refrain from making Sam Hurd/ The Wire jokes.
I have never seen that show and I don't get the jokes.
Thanks
want to sleep but can't
We're like the Sopranos in a pick up truck.
Of course Hamels defended baseballs history.
Harper was a threat to Coles personal website online store
you got better pics of her than google wtf lol
did you read the earlier piece on his recruitment?
It is the shadiest of shady situations with a recruit.
Financial planners  travel
Wicked flashback...I was Chuck E.
Cheese!
First job at 16, had to fill in and be the rat...
Steve Kerr called it..
That layup got Harrington going..
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Home from Europe...amazing week, wish it wasnt over!
Good times 3
Hmm...a google search for how to process archival architecture collections turns up links to our blog.
Sweet, but unhelpful at the moment.
do you go to school
Nice of u to offer but, no thanks.
Did you see the text I sent you about the kid that looks just like jakeeyp?
My gosh, I have so much to do today it's important I focuCall of Duty ............
oh, crap.
FF some great people for information
Those are Record of the Year nominees?
As a voting member of the Academy, I'm, well, sortof ashamed.
Except for CeeLo.
And Lady Antebellum
sitting front row with for for the 3rd year in a row at the Pabst Theater.
sadly, no comic book delivery this yr.
I want to haz!
Be positive if you want positive results!
Looking at recipes on Pintrest that I will never make because I don't cook.
ahahaha oh wow, thanks x
Thanks for the follow!
may be spring but it feels like summer!
The faster Halloween approaches without any real inspiration, the closer I am to making an appearance as a member of the former USSR.
RT GOD is good and he's good ALL the time!
I just heard from Stasha that they're meeting for AM today also
That pic is swag bro lmao omg cant stop lawling
My baby nephew fell asleep on me and I accidentally doctorpped my phone on his head while I was texting.
Lmao!
It's cool tho he's fine
dont be mad everything happens for a reason..............
That awesome feeling when you are on vacation away from work and technology.
being nice to trust me there take advantage of that shyt not give a fuk
Bex: I want my own trailer Rick: you can have the front seat of andoctorw's Honda civic
Career Expo Tip: view open jobs on company web sites before the event to make the best use of your time with the recruiters
AmazingSwifties will forever and always love 13
Are you wearing your SPF today?
Would like to talk to you about getting you involved in Bowling For Boobies 2012.
Contact?
Thank you for your past support!

Can't wait for the mac n cheese, and all the other delicious food you've been so kind to donate, cook and deliver!
April Fool's Day Pub Crawl in Pacific Beach...www.edoctornkit.com ONLY 10!
I hate straight hair.
Too much work.
I learned everything I ever needed to know about storm watching and allergies from strangers in the men's room today.
Small biz creates nearly all net new jobs.
How about a huge pool for 100 guarant.
loans to startups and micro/small biz?
you gotta let me know how that concert went brah.
Great freakin' day :
What do you love about Cleveland and the surrounding area?
cast iron is major deal breaker for me on inductions.Plus cookware limitations..Fast cooking can be on 20k burner
Still working on it.
We'll let you know when we're ready to open our doors!
CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHERE I CAN FIND THE SHOT CALLER REMIX?!
Since it includes in it, it also shows up in 's mentions or Connect feed.
Just a quick reminder that tomorrow I will be at the Sun Prairie Taste of the Arts Fair, Sheehan Park, 1351 Linnerud doctorve, Sun Prairie, WI.
double rainbow!
What does it mean?
I tip my hat to for doing the unpopular thing and backing up Roger Goddell.
i'm a lifelong roadie who's so jealous of mtber's lines.
wish i had their skills.
mucho respect.
i'll try again next week
why is there no newss story every time a level 3 sex offender moves in to my N Mpls neighborhood?
I want to make a million like 50 times over.
Did u watch the vegan Extreme Couponing episode?
Had to watch but still seems like hoarding to me.
At least some donate their freebies.
Wow, what an awful doctoram.
Challenge: Each day when u wake up come up w/ 3 things u will do TODAY that will get u closer 2 your doctoram.
doctorpa Report Daily names Aleyant's Pressero w2p storefront system and Interactive Designer iPad app a show Hot Spot.
Booth 7 0B04
I've missed people measuring temperature in Celsius and cold rainy nights home :
I should specify that the swindle in question was adjudicated in civil rather than criminal court.
That's unfortunate.
I've only heard the lead single so far, but I'm anxious to hear more of the album.
GM Pres adding Mpglutamine to my bizzydiet stack when is best time to take??
Damn my toes fucked up
Pain is temporary, love is forever; don't make it the other way around
was just inducted into the A Team captainin hall of fame my responsibilities are now to select cpt's for the nite
Good game for the smyrna stars  The AAU hoopfest in Louisville
you are welcome RT : thank you for the follow
School got canceled for a TERNADER wooht:
WHO ARE YOU
47 in Ct yesterday.
12 in Roc this AM.
62 by weds.
Wtf is with the weather?
Is it time for SXSW yet?
HOW DOE
yup, it will be a bit not with them at the moment!
So are you all decked up for today's game of and at the United Center?
Country Music Singer Lee Brice talks with Cherish  WALATV FOX10
hahaha I love me some you...
yeah I just liked it on FB and it actually is good : thanks for doing that we seriously are destroying our environment
hell no.
thanks!
hopefully my bf will be back by then :
Sometimes in those dark nights of the soul comes the light.
i...need you to see me this is so hard....
Please tweetmecody ...
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Really?
You want to clear things up 5 yrs later?!
I have a post earth day hangover, keep barfing up corrugated cardboard!
BoringMovies Sucker Punch
having mister.
Flores next year.
Is she nice???
It's such an interesting world.
It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything...
There'd be no scope for imagination.
Hate Sleeping Alone cause I'll stay up all night on Twitter, Facebook, and my website.
Smh
Can the soul ever kill porn?
Welcome to Seattle it rains here more then any where else always soppy this time of year.
go get a good run or 2 this weekend and do ALOT of Abbs !!
Thanks for stopping!
My child asks for toast every morn and then spends an hour nibbling the bread into shapes.
Aren't loitering customers supposed to tip well?
Thank you kindly!
the apartment expo at the boston convention center!!
:
yup, I'm one of those who likes it cooler.
Thursday will be ideal.
i think u knoo..lOll
Damn hurt.
I got a Saturday for not going to the office.
And Kyle got it with you man fuck that bitch.
Phenomenal AmericanIdol.
So happy with the final two.
Joshua is great but not as many people can relate to his music.
Go Phillip!
Are you my Mother?
is a great book to read today!
Happy mom's day!
Ozil ties it for Madoctord!
11 at Allianz in Munich
On a lighter note, Happy Mother's Day to my mama and all the other mama's out there.
We appreciate you more than you know.
you should tweet about this band called !
: you'd love them!
Thank you!
Beasties on the headphones and kittens is helping.
One of the things the story does not discuss is the high fertility rates among Hispanics.
The power of creation is in ur hand destruction in d other.
which do u choose?
Hey Whats up?
:D
the other studio is in the west end on Cox Rd.
1misterdiscontinued!
It will be missed...
Until then, I'm stocking up!
Good morning fort Wayne Indiana
Thanks for the follow Shawn!
Check out the Carnegie Science Center for fun Groundhog Day activities tomorrow including Tornado Alley, a shadow catcher  more!
thank u for following me :
I'm going to nose dive straight into the gutter.
I sure try to make it fun.
It's too nice outside to stay indoors.
The house is also too messy.
A painter paints pictures on canvas.
But musicians paint their pictures on silence.
thank you for the info :
I only have one month left in my lease, can't decide whether to rent or buy.
Any thoughts people?
Also, townhouse vs.
condo?
PETITIONS PETITIONS PETITIONS!
I'm not saying she's fat , I'm just saying her nail polish is cheeto dust..
is lil wayne wearing spongebob slippers??
No car tonight.
Fuck
Hello guys great show
Lost respect for with the upcoming Salahi/Journey gossip interview.
Step it up Today, you're letting me down.
Should've thought of something cool like a new song or an album cover reveal for when we hit 200.
Might have to think up something quick.
Failure is a part of life.
If you don't fail, you don't learn.
If you don't learn, you don't change.
I guess you can call it that.
Somewhere between that and dissecting the most vital issue of our time.
Somewhere...
:
RT finally got it from redbox and loved
Did you have a good April Fools joke played on you?
yea but you all know im a kindhearted person and i try and see the best out of people but you're right and i should've known
R Ugonna be at the G Awards this eve?
peoplewannaknow 3frGA
If you contribute by creating things, you're contributing to the creation of a culture as well.
There's still time to reserve your FREE tickets to tonight's DaddyDaughter Dance at Faith Community Church.
The memories are...
The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD
It is excellent, easy to understand and full of color, said former Member of Parliament misterGangsin Seongil.
10 off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
Some FINE ASS BROS  SCARLET!!!
Bought to eat steak burgers...yummy!!
Just burned the top of my mouth on molten hot pizza.
ugh.
Hold the vote Idol.
Phillip broke out some DMB and, though a lesser known song, killed it.
He's a bad ass.
I will : but only if I can have you all to myself ;
Don't bother about unsustainable communism.
That's history, even for China.
WIunion knows it's Democracy that scares you.
if i strike out from them, then u..
but i'll try them first.
thanks so much.
Do you guys like free stuff?
Should we get on that again today?
If she's talking shit about my Steelers, tell her I'm done with her too!
primero es Por y no pot..
And it's notorious..
You a newtonite u not ready for all that
Yay!
is now on Twitter!
90 and still fly, moving wit the times.
Go ahead Betty!
Anyways...just texted someone saying AH.
They have no idea what it means.
Hey Patrick, I never heard.
Is my story up yet on xenith?
It's g.
martinez cabrera, btw
if that happens, you get the biggest gold star ever.
i love you to much to get you outta mine but you wont like me im ugly really ugly im 13 and ugly tht will work
Elementary student displays native like Spanish skills and asks the BOS, Please don't get rid of the FLES program.
lmao naw I'm talking about black ppl cornbread lol
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anas Nin
LOL u spelled my username wrong XD and....woah...
Never trust him with a sharpie...
Hey Dylan 3
whoa, I got a headache too D:
Going back to school.
That was a pretty bad ass feild trip.
I loved da.
Monkeys:
Somebody start a game with me on doctorw Something!
ChazzyFizzle  user name
this was the very first page, not where the story line ends.
GNR Tracker...hm interesting.
I'll check here 1st.
will keep u posted.
btw watching argentina 93 last show...kinda sad
See this is why I can't be getting down with her on a week night, I'm tired as hell.
I liked Elise.
However I'm not surprised she's going home.
Choice emotion that fits scene, if it fits or not.
girls with bangs like yours never win.
Sorry the world isn't sorry.
PTP thursdays tomorrow night calling out all COLLEGE STUDENTS!
pics r up ;D
yeah, the limited edition ones.
What size you need??
It's beautiful and so is your husbands poem, 'Dwelling', so you put your house/shop on display each Sunday?
It appears that.
whats your major
We'll be rolling later today, if you got a spot you wanna see us  twwet Us!
thanks for the follow!
At mechanic and stuck w/ Maury on TV.
God help us.
Plz make it stop!
I just want to read!
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 8
Kacie B's grandpa has a football field named after him.
Will she throw herself off the bleachers when she doesn't get a rose?
nice that's pretty cool...
I'll check that out
The kindle will rock your world!
Enjoy...I thoroughly heart mine.
Yay!
Glad to have you on board!
What'd you pick up?
Guess we in 2 different time zones
Apparently John Green is a BabySitters Club fan.
People Who Act Single When They So Call Suppose To Be Inlove
BACK TO DENVER WE GO!
NYSED says  Quality rating of SLO are not a factor in the score or outcome of SLO HEDI rating
Lmao.
FRITA!
I can't sleep :
I love all the people who are calling about 1099Rs today.
At least they're not waiting til the last minute like the people who call tomorrow
what's going on sum random chic lol
i just broke the thing that puts internet on my computer, ihml .
that's so true, our best friends have a Rottie and he is just amazing, and so adorable!
RT : billy norwich interviewing tim tebow: our heads are exploding a little
let me know for sure when you will be there..text me if you can remember...oh my Katie Bug is growing up ; 
These days, I'd rather read the article than watch the report.
heyy,, I HOPE YOU FOLLOW:
ok I did your!
xx
RT RT : OccupyWallStreet Does this image remind anyone of a certain square in a country that overthrew its dictator?
Perhaps the next one....we have several more planned.
: i think so too.
I do now itz cuz i thought something happen thtz y i asked
Following you.
And Happy New Years too you too:
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
1st CITIZEN: This Caesar was a tyrant.
thought that was pretty cheesy
Money Saving Tip 43: Ask for help and encouragement from your inner circle.
Uhh, you've never heard of Happy Hour?
I love catching my girls getting along  playing, when I walk by their room, unnoticed...it's at that point I usually yell  scare them ;
RT : Everyone in the industry is trying to put out good stuff.
Nobody makes a comic book bad on purpose.
Unless they're evil.
My favorite Indian proverb is: Finders keepers, losers weepers.
Wait, what?
Barack wants to know what Facetiousness means.
It was too long to fit on the teleprompter.
How would one go around getting to spend a day with you?
Would you do it if it was their birthday?
Maybe?
Watching the 2011 Oakley world Pro junior live
New level of brainless: stepping into shower with socks on.
A certain media company with their national contesting is making the CHR chart as legit as a Lindsay Lohan Anti doctorg PSA.....
good work.
Same paranoid then yells at another man for same thing.
The man then gets in her face and I had to get in the middle.
All in the 1st hour!
And worst feeling after
We would like to take a moment to remember those lives lost in Pearl Harbor in 70yrs ago today.
You are not forgotten.
Gods bless 
Miami Dolphins quarterback David Garrard unfiltered at voluntary veteran minicamp
yeah or the fact that I'm falling asleep!
New Yorker article on doctornes ends on an puzzling note, with a blend of awe  horror regarding birds  insects their nanosimulators.
Bwahahahaha :D I'm Cupid!
So true RT : Marketing today is about the width of your brain not your budget.
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO FEEL ABOUT THIS
thank you!
No, please send an email w/ your information to
No need for panic, it's just a Lego Ninja, whew :
Kobe went off last night looked he liked Kobe of younger
hey go follow and check out www.brandforbands.com Look at the store n lemme know what u think
: I'm craving oysters...
We have 10 varieties on the Ice tonight with your name on em : Come see us!
yeah u do : it's such a good movie!!!
And be sure to see it in 3D IMAX!!!
It's the only way to see this movie!!!
New Rule, Directioners: If the boys are seen with girls, don't ever send them hate.
imagine how you would feel.
so STOP,
Lmao, this funny bc im soo high
All I wanna do is lay down in this bed and text you
Good luck tomorrow, earthday celebrations in the Methow Valley.
Wish we were there!
did you get a new gig?
hey3 okay now it's been a few days so WHAT'S MY NAME!!!?????
You have Netflix Instant?
The Classic Albums Rumors thing is worth it if you haven't seen.
you are welcome
Bank Owned in Las Vegas / Bunch of Potential !!!!
Las Vegas NV / South West 7025186567
This class 
lol yea you right :
Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison 5/11 I perform and Tamara directed me.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Like that you're in SF to see it!
Check out an OpenHouse when looking for great new colors for your home.
Going to see American Reunion with !
I remember sneaking into the first one at the doctorve in haha
Even in UFC mode, picked up2great doctorlls to help us be even better next year.
1 last night  1 today.
Never stop workin, never stop learning
what!
Roof top that
Watching.
Have they came out with the 22 jersey
has gone on the record in support of marriage equality.
Movie in Spanish Class 
fantastic interview with today, good to hear about his life rather than all the standard twitter talk we know.
How did i wake up?
I just want something/someone awesome and different to come along.
i love it.
do u like mines?
I'm your first follower!
heh!
10 meals for 5.99 or less when you order on BrewCityBites!
Happy FF everyone.
If you wish to be tweeted in our FF lists just send us a direct message!
Especially if you're a smallbiz like us!
There's a lot of BS on my TL today...
Happy Birthday, from all of us, to a very cool SD chica,
Patience can be painful at times.
im constantly checking my twitter.
i think im obsessed.
Yes, at 4:55am.
That's why I wasn't sure if you wanted to do it on the 19th.
Hey Mike, sorry about the emails.
Can you forward me an email you received so I can look into it.
vreeland yext com
Every time I see it in the mirror, it seems to have new shapes.
If music be the food of love, play on Much Ado About Nothing  Act 2, Scene 1
Thank you Casey : Love youu!
3 hehe i put it on fb and tumblr :P hopefully awesome ppl watch it :'D
Where do you stay when you go down there?
Tune in this weekend to see our critics choose their 5 best movies of the year so far!
What movies do you think top their lists?
External Auditor tells atxcouncil Audit and Finance Committee that atxgov gets clean opinion in annual audit of books
Just saw Mummies of the World at CA Science Center.
Closes on the 28th and is rad so go this weekend.
Nah he came home for Mothers day.
Hoan closing made for an hour long commute.
I hope the guy on the motorcycle is ok but the dude on 43 that weaves thru traffic can eff off.
Third most common error.
Showing a bad slide as an example.
Not much graphics small, no color
Nothing like a small medical emergency to make it clear how weak our healthcare in this country is.
Especially dental.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
33
RT : The food always tastes and smells so good : Thank You Tiff!
Marc Borde and Nicole Saxton, playing tonight at Te!
Lol.
You were raised up right.
:
It was great meeting you yesterday!
Welcome to Twitter!
Do you have or know of any aqw flash tutorials?
I find Dage's speeddoctorws very difficult to follow
I'd settle for tires being selfinflating.
Red Epic operating guide Http://red.cachefly.net/EPICops.pdf
I couldn't tell when or who was the last girl I dated that went to my school when I started dating them.
Not tourism enhancement just interesting information that many people appreciate.
Its next week lol RT : Happy Mothers Day to all my beautiful mothers out there
Thanks for posting the tweets on the current play list.
I tune in often because of it.
Bill
I wonder who it was that designed the header for the new ACCESS enews...
Went to the Las Vegas Sevens Rugby Tournament today, it was pretty badass...
Closest thing to football now that the NFL season is over!
where the fuck you was at when the fat bitch jumped on me
The weather dictates it will be slow at work tonight.
Fingers crossed I get cut early!
That was fun, wasn't it!?
Can't wait to work together again soon!
Much Love to you!
Who is this guy?
You now have a new fan!!
You have an awesome series.
Its a must see.
Perfect music by the way.
Congrats!!
I know I love her!!
As Caps Game 7 awaits, feeling mostly numb heading for the gallows, but still holding out hope for a royal pardon.
Important things from kids: Save a place in line for your friends.
I've got soo much to tell you lol
Picked up entire troop's Girl Scout cookie order this morning.
Van was completely full.
Cookie party at our house today!
Good morning!!
Coffee time!
Guess we forget how it feels to live outside the echo chamber.
Back to the grind.....is everybody ready?
Just kidding it does.
Right!
RT : scip2012 Did SWOT Analysis kill Competitive Intelligence?
In fact everytime I hear SWOT has to do a shot
Cant wait to see how the next year of softball turns out.
I don't get it.
I need a night out with my girls!
too funny!
And when they catch us we gon get the biggest charge
ff We're also into documenting city streets.
Our maps reach the level of typographic and architectural detail...
i need it.
to get my scholarship to a catholic school
Jody is at church yeah!!!
yes see you at 3
Who wants to crash the media line with me tomorrow at whcd?
I really want to see some celebs!
Thank you so very much  I am happy to talk about him to anyone that is interested.
He really DID go to EMORY for example!
:
My chemistry teacher is singing young wild and free.
Hello from Portland, my old friend!
Hope the news in Charlotte is treating you well this Monday
The biggest mistake I have made in my life is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve
Senior Celebration was freaking AWESOME!!xD
or at least that's what happens to me when I go to school w/a sticker on my butt..
Everyday .
little sisters suck.
One thing for sure I do hop Thibs let play more!
spinning records tonight w/ and a few other friends.
2101 Lincoln.
8pm to close.
join us there for a beer!
Terrific lots of speaking, coaching and consulting.
Loving life and so grateful
Three year old Anya turns to her father can I have a snake dad?
thank you!
:
My values, our values, aren't about pointing fingers.
They are about offering a helping hand.
Kathleen Blanco
Ahh i think i remember were you in grey?
Follow us and get free essay samples!
Totally needed you Tap in the first half.
Calipari signed an extension, praise Jesus
Thanks everyone , hope you are having a rockin day , happy new year and a blessed 2012 !
make sure you give credit with credit is deserved.that's thank ya very much.
whatayagonnado after every tweet :
Just finished the last rewrite of my novel I plan on, until an editor says otherwise.
Final count: 101k words, hopefully the right ones.
ok!!
Thanks!!
Btw, what's your name?
:
Stop by for a frapp in our lobby!
RT Going to Albuquerque for like the the fifth time this month.
We should just move there.
On the radio
I just wana take things slow ...
I see that I am way late and you already got the info on readathon.
Already on Book 2.
I'm
I was trying for like 37349383 minutes and it wasn't working one of my friends got them so now I'm mad
19 Days!!!
Ready to be home!
are you stalling my car repeatedly?
Should you be doctorving the automatic?
;P
it would be nice if they expanded, but I like it the way it is too!
bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though
I have my first final on the 18th and the last one on the 21st then I am done!
thanks for the smile during your warmup last night : good luck on the rest of your season!
Yet again Burger King has let me down
student U.S.
offers loans for Maine wind farm
Watch out Louisville!!!
Here we come......
Today is national sami day oh yea!!!
Lol
ow, i just got sucker punched on the lip
It's been too long for Rogers customers.
;
BANDS!
contact me for SHOWS and INTERVIEWS
If you could have any doctornk right now, what would it be?
Let's get this going!
We are filling up fast!
Get down here the breeze feels great
Loving' this weather.
Blue skies.
: I think I need to get a hammock, yep, that sounds good!
All the scatters came...wearing sombreros
RT The article on noGOODdeed practically wrote itself Not at all like the production process, I'm sure.
When I talk about male survivors, there are a bunch of people rushing to tell me how female survivors always have it worse.
goin down ta south park gonna leave my woes behind
so is sparky having a breaking news call in show lol
We are living proof that humanity has the right to choose.
burned 322 calories doing 40 minutes of Bicycling, 1214 mph, moderate
Hello there good sir  if First Mind could use some fresh gear let us know  we got you
Where did the day go!?!
he was like rapping when he was supposed to sing like so tell me what so give me a chance!
:P
and then I'm reminded of the Simpsons when rodney dangerfield is mister Burns' son and they end the show the same way.
Okay, Finally watched VampireDiaries ..
I cried, then screamed..
Oh gosh.
My last tweet confirms my opinion that Americans don't want Mexicans to work AND don't want to do the work themselves.
: i wish people listened to the music i do life would be great such as?
RT : The Secret Service is the greatest law enforcement agency but can't sneak a hooker out of a hotel?
Why in the HEdouble hockey sticks am I not at Berlin9 ?
I want to marry you.
Found more nitrate negatives.
Nitrate will forever remind me of that scene in the Tarantino film, Inglourious Basterds.
UVA is purple like Northwestern?
What?!
And Duke should be no better than 11.
At least Maryland scores interesting pts, IMO.
You're not Charles Dickens, you don't get paid by the word.
We have similar color scheme.
My new addiction: productivity.
About to head out for a meeting The Miltown Beatdown is gonna be sick this year.
Thanks OKC for a great weekend had buses all over the metro!
1 party bus available for this Fri.
night, so call to secure your rez!
447.2446
Delighted new SD61 is almost the same as SD60.
Look forward to reelectionmaking campaign about movement for social  economic justice.
cardboard cut out rules!
qhich leads to me doing nothing but feeling fat in the dark because the lightbulbs blew out in my room....
not having kids is a joy you have to experience to understand
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Bassjackers  Mush Mush 
Who's tryna go????
Week 1 being a vegan was tough.
I need easy high protein recipes since I'm lifting weights.
RT : The phonetic spelling of phonetic is fanetik.
This is also the definition of ironic.
My knee is so swollen.
Holy crap.
Up early, exercise and electronicoriented work done.
Looking forward to a nice quiet day in a library carrel with no internet connection.
WHAT I LOVE ABOUT AMERICA 200910 tour and the celebrity guests that will be participating, TIME FOR CHANGE CD www.rickeyleewatson.com
concert ticketsanything
Thanks for the mentions, RTs,  support
Auction ending for some great purses tonight.
Also have some great crystal figurines.
bit.ly/o4xaMX
Real Heroes don't wear capes, Heroes wear Dog Tags!
RT DjBiggBoss66: jimmyderosa i doctornk beer out of mugs
Cats don't have perspective, they have purrrrspective
backbone.js :D
RIP LeBron.
Shit was real real.
and the degen crew
nothing like having your whole building shake.
Scarey!!!
Buy it / use it / break it / fix it / trash it / change it / mailupgrade it
So glad I don't have to wake up at 6:30 to go to school for the next two and a half months.
Being Southern means never having to say I didn't know you could fry that
Is that a 2001 A space odyssey joke?
Just ordered a Pickle Fucker at the Bellagio.
it's the Shepards Pie hyun!
Got it down, three hot trax recorded!!!
RT : You have to believe in who you are, what you are doing  building.
There will always be people trying to bring you down.
tell Allison she made Sofia's day this morning when she said she looked like a tulip.
Still talking about it.
really?
Cool!
Maybe we'll we have to get home until our taxes :
So this police dog seemed to have smelled something fishy from a quarter mile away from me...he started barking at me.
Lol
: Herman Cain: There were 2 reasons I doctorpped out of the race: Gutter politics and No.
2 I chose to put family 1st.
REALLY?
this year, I just tell people that I thank Jesus for teaching me how to raise hell!!
LOL
I mean, Ford having Steve Harvey push their booth/products before Beyonce hit the stage was a little awkward .
bro i had some and a dog chewed them up ; i was SO mad
where was i
That nap was needed
Dmac, loved the updates from Dallas this week.
Welcome back.
I want one!
RT : q3 Im going to say what just said SEO and OOP  Optimized search against structured content
The breakfast slimes, angel food cake, doughnuts and coffee, white bread and gravy cannot build an enduring nation.
OH Amazon...
you finally sucked me into Prime.
This will not end well.
I'm so tired I could sleep for rest.
blame it on babybrain.
;
feel like I have 5 different things going on and it all has to deal with social media and emails and open documents.
One busy LADYBUG!
Google Reader
Sometimes I whisper, I'm on your side to the computers, just in case they ever succeed in taking over the world....
An action without an intention would be like a body without a soul.
Gabrielle Bossis
have you seen the director's cut?
I haven't but heard it was good.
Happiness is when what you THINK, what you SAY, and what you DO are in harmony.
You can do all things through God who strengthens you!!!
Damn I wish tattoos weren't so expensive
Congrats to our friends on raising 850K at your signature Grace Notes Gala last Saturday!!
RT : Welcome to Twitterville: Official acct for Spokane Mayor Verner's reelection effort.
She's hip  green!
Can't wait for this year to end...never want another like it
looking forward to the new scenes going up in class tomorrow!
Time go by faster when your not doing any work and your having fun...salty bout to go right back to class bt I'll be out real soon
I'm about to give up on typing today.
Good lord lol
Norquist on budget compromise: It's nonsense; won't happen; doesn't need to happen // this guy controls 98 of House and 85 of Senate GOP.
Truth, though I've rarely felt like he was wasting my time.
Least favorites: nextwave, doctor Sleepless, and SVK was disappointing
na u might not have
Not even getting involved with anyone until' I get home from florida
the bus is late and we have a new doctorver today..
how lovely.
i'm about to just go home.
Loving me some editor.
Clean UI and has a live preview.
Nice!
Check your goodies bag attendees.
USB delight.
I am a waitress you fuck face!
And I got a thousand in a month so fuck you.
Haha
okay good, i felt terrible.
and i want to bring you something
Thanks for watching!
If U BIG  STANKY At Least Have Some Clean Clothes On, How U Gone Have Dirty Shit On  Smell Like A Damn Ocean Full Of Fish.
Go Wash Yo Ass!
I think I'll have more confidence  or care less?
at 25 years.
'Cause 10 was too recently and too embarrassing...
Obama calls for support for the same kind of research that led to the internet.
Al Gore clears his throat...
lol I love you Mary!
So funny!
I can't wait to live with you this summaaaaaa!!!!!
:
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Wishing they'd been accepted to VU so their lives wouldn't have turned out meaningless.
Thanks for the RT!
When he's 2 years younger than you it matters lol.
RT : age aint nothing but a numbaaaaaa lol
see you on monday?
:D
It feels oh so good to know that we are not going to be putting Jeff Suppan on the field this post season!
Go Brewers!
we still expect to be compensated somehow as this went on for about 4 months I think Too long to get this new Tv working right
I was gonna wait til the 20th to tell you but I'm going camping..
Congratulations on the 4 years!
Your very strong!
answer your phone!!
Thanks so much for coming on the tour last night!
Someone remind me why I work in retail...
A lot of irons in the furnace, and I ain't talkin' Minecraft.
It is done
Lol!
Be sure to top it off with crab juice.
and all I can thinks is 'why'.
Study: REITs With Female Board Members Garner Materially Higher Returns  Citybizlist Real Estate
Okay, still working on Telenovela.
back to the coal mine.
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI.
APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!!LET'S GET IT IN
are you redecorating?
pouring doctornks and doctorwning in other peoples doctorma.
The usual...
U?
Im trying to light one doe
At Clovis's Colonial Golf Course, local man Weldon Killough hit a holeinone at the course's eight hole.
Four others saw it happen.
head ass lol
Special bottle pricing on Friday!!!
Celebrating something special?
Why not with us :
agreed however several friends have then and attest to their goodness
Thanks to Google for making the world aware of what Sopa is and what it does.
Just a reminder; we're closed on Sundays now.
:D smile :D
Done with finals.
Fuck wit me
as a packer fan, you should have made the pro bowl.
Somebody come get me from school !!!!!
Inception: think I understood it therefore, didn't.
Made me realize I hate doctoram'n cuz you can never control things the way U want to lol.
can you suck on your fingers after??
I'd kick you in the vagina but I'm afraid I'll lose my shoe.
Church and Football.
Gonna be a fun day!
Filmed a quick little YouTube video tonight : It will be up tomorrow just in time for mothers day!
Hope you are feeling better soon.
Without fail, everytime I say while and file my southern accent comes out.
Bleh.
Region accent, begone!
laser therapy
wait!!
You like the golden girls!!?
I absolutely love that show lol
gearing up to record or new as of yet untitled EP.
check us out and let us know which songs you'd like to hear on it.
Doing laundoctor
Calling all financial advisors, consider this an RFP from a law abiding tax paying citizen in the market for a lower tax bracket.
There must be an Achievement for that :
Tr Her Right ;
This sweater vest is coming right along.
I have accomplished a whole lot of knitting and listening to This American Life.
RT : Has anyone had any experience with 4G WiMax here in Chicago?
It seems to suck everywhere.
Clippers and grizzles look like a mma fight.
These boys aint playin
Raise your hand if you hate the Angie's List commercials.
raises hand
Thank you!
You can email us at
Anyone ever had problems putting together IKEA furniture?
Like they cut the pieces wrong or something?
This is supposed to be a science.
I also wish would follow me.
That'd make like...my whole life.
out here at mac with
RT : As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping...
: Nights that you end up being alone and bored 
oh please bring me some sushi to wicks!!
Three sips of wine does not a glass make...
Aka, I really wish I had more wine
Love you!
There is no team I'd rather see lose IN Indy than the Patriots.
Until then, THERE WILL BE BLOOD.
Go follow me i follow back!
we wanted to look at what the prices and stuff like tat is up there for like apts.
Negative Nancy needs a new outlook on life
Hate when that happens : Just woke up,I feel pretty stupid my tweets last night made no sense :
Might be a little late but happy bday Jordan hope you have a freakin amazing 22nd3
I would like them to invent the Food Replicator from Star Trek
used to call it the twitter ..and after refusing to join, now loves the instant grat from talking to fans post shows
I have been so busy lately, hard to stay updated on with everything that's been going on!
If you want to part ways with a copy of Movielife's 40 hour train to Penn, you'd be my hero
Thanks for your help!
Allison Hooper walked into WFM RVF yesterday.
Twas great to say I saw her in Bra via your tweets.
Jokes?
There are no jokes.
The truth is the funniest joke of all.
Muhammad Ali
other names jessica simpson considered for her baby GIRLchester, leonard, vincent, edward, malcom, leon.
all fine choices for baby GIRLS:
Why can't this weekend come sooner?
youu should definitly write a second book!
firststeptoforever needs a sibling..haha
6 years...I've never done one
hahah Chloe and selah.
They're so attached, selah follows her into the bathroom
idk depends on the price since its my birthday present from my parents it can be any seat maybe
good to see you bro
He is such a beauty...
Got rehearsal time wrong by an hour and now I have a headache and want to punch people.
This should go swimmingly.
good luck and safe travels!
THANKS for your support
Great run yesterday Team Honor.
Figures Hutch doesn't tweet.
DC Comics Batman Distressed Logo Youth TShirt
Record breaking days at rentmyinstrument !!!
UPS trucks keep leaving the warehouse to deliver
shhh don't be a grumpy bear, they're funny!
You know, we haven't met in like a YEAR!
And this topic is up my ally.
:
Playing the Langham Hotel tonight with two greats: Hamilton Price  Dan Schnelle.
Straight up, straight ahead, straight bourbon!
what a boring week end
// Thank you, Kim.
It's how I spend my time when I wake up in the middle of the night.
lol
Watching HBO special on America and citizenship, amazing stories!
Why do we complain?
These folks come here for freedom!
We have it good!
Any STEM middle school supporters out there?
Working on a grant.
But really, I could've used more direct cynicism as a Freshman in high school.
Hey there!!!
Long time no tweet!!!
Thanks so much for the RT and getting the word out about this Green event.
it's not a Hangover reference?
Going out with and my edamame!
Can't believe were going out two nights in a row.
Watch out Nashville!
It comes from Ryan's use of Nacho Libre's accent during the tracking of Emelo's first record in the duplex I used to live in..
My life  work and school
I thought Chaka Khan was also a part of the Whitney tribute...
Mothafuckas Always accussin you of doin wrong, wen it really be them!
s/o to my new follower
much much appreciated!
Thank you
Congrats on the LAMMY nomination!
Learn from yesterday, live for today.
Rachael Evans, from today's
sure.
You following me?
OH NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OH HELLS TO THE NO.
Please tune in to watch talk about THEdoctorMAYEARS on NBC's in 15 minutes!
Good luck Haley!!!
3
Its the coldest day ever
God I just wish the cubs could be like the least bit good for once
So grateful for all the positive feedback coming our way regarding the website!!!
Thank you all...
That's a good
Please Email and to see what that station can do to help your cause
Also working with 1,100 community action agencies with the intent of applying microUP strategies here in the ol' USA.
Ran 5 suicides .
Waters my only hope right now.
Thanks for being our generous sponsor 4 our efforts 4 homeless veterans!
You do so much good!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Hahaha trust me, I understand.
But so you don't post like every second, take my advice.:P
You don't get to be a series regular doctoraming of being a costar.
LOL, no ur not!
RT : Denise I fell asleep before your clock in!
I'm a poor nightshift leader!
Good morning!
Really wish I can take all of this back.
shoutout to my newest follows
oh hai migraine.
We were ready to beat FCNY.
And ready enough to pluck Arteaga from their failed roster.
It's a whole new year, man!
Dinner tonight is PotatoParmesan Crusted Tilapia with risotto and mixed vegetables.
10.00
RT : Is there a police code for zombie on the loose?
Castle  Haha!
Loved it!
always, always remember to back up...
not that i ever do
Impossible is not a fact.
Its an opinion Muhammad Ali
Nobody knows the answer to the Pretty Woman trivia q?
I thought it was too easy.
What does the waiter say when he catches the escargot?
I cannot replace the way your coldness tastes.
Has anyone else ever wondered why God made weeds and fire ants?
My 5y/o son tells me when he grows up he wants to be a spy.
I said if he's serious about it, he probably wants to keep that to himself :
I live for my self not for you or anybody else, I make money for me not youu nn I live life to the fullest cause god gave me the chance.
heck no.
I'm contemplating another blackberry, or possibly a doctorid.
Oh I thought that was smoke.
I was just going to out it.
It's all about the shoes and the watch : RT Let's play a game...hipster or homeless??
excited that they beat an 8 seed on home ice.
Act like you have been there before.
Oh wait you haven't.
With Duracell myGrid you can charge up to 4 devices at one time!
Dont let loneliness doctorve you back into the arms of someone you know doesnt give a damn about you.
forgiven!!!
Someplace with Odouls.
It's my new favorite cocktail.
I'm on day 32 of my cleanse.
It's boring.
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there!
Workin till 5 and I am thoroughly exhausted needbill
what I was about to say.
me too!
Yes Pete's around.
Book turned into many articles and pr for my hand care line how are you?
: She's only jealous, Because she cares.
what should i bring
it did have cheese added into it.
It was recipe so it had cheese butter sour cream etc in it.
Lol
YES.
I fully respect and love everything about that!
If u don't grind u don't shine!
I need to quit
hm okay then.
that's awesome!
Happy Easter to you!
thanks for the  FF :
Had a blast on the radio last night.
Can't wait to unveil some tasty new jamz at Lincoln Hall  Wednesday, April 25.
Im school, half day, wanna leave..!
Dafuckk?
Love this!
Cinderfells!
Ohla working  living life..where I know u from?
us too!
Very current themes we think the audience will engage with
Just feasted like it was Thanksgiving..
I might blow up
follow now.
Still think bout see junior seau mother!!
laying in bed, you?
umm Demi Lovato are u freaking kidding me...in my opinion she can out sing his ass any day!!!!
So, with OU and Yale anchoring the Top 13, what would the other candidates be?
Tickets on sale now!
Stop by on your way into Midnight.
oh ok...
Js wanted to know no big deal...
I got a hair cut love it 
Butler wit the dunk!
let love rule!
Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?
great tip!
Thank you
when tumblr doesnt work, im forced to go on facebook..
Happy happy birthday you big stud!!!!!!
:
ireallywant my cherry red challenger already ...
EEk!
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
Ric Belda
It'd be fun if they just named everyone in Ireland.
Meet the Irish!
1 Seamus O'Flanagan, 2 Mary McMurray, 3.....
i love you with all my heart punkasarus !
3
Nice ad Clint.
Only problem, Chrysler is now Italian, not American.
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Don't give your attention to other girls.
itemizing a year's worth of personal bank txns makes me dataqueasy in the same way searching through my gmail chat history does
Hm....
RT : I'm thinking, UK is small at DT this season, heard a guys weighing in at 270 at the backup spots.
started reading it yesterday.
good stuff.
congratulations.
When are you coming to Houston?
Happy hour  nap
Training of Federal HR workforce is going to be a focus for OPM through HR University
NO ONE ASK ME HOW I'M DOING I WILL CRY.
I love you both!
hey Peyton I love you !
Can I get a goodnight ?
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 1118 calories!
on 4/30/12 at 2:22 PM
Cooking for my mom ;
Ugh maybe I should have gone to my friend's little sister's party 
People would say granted desktop is Microsoft's.
They will never get the Server.
Well now the Cloud shifts paradigms big time!
Literally put a list into a bucket.
My favorite is CC Yin.
One of a kind.
Lots of opportunities for the org to make an impact ...
we'll see!
i'd unfollow you then wait till I could be 1300 just to get it
I'm so turned up!
Website coming soon...stay tuned!
Had a really nice nite w/ my sister and her fiance, and her future brother/sisterinlaw...
Felt
WOW RT Bills have a 1:30 presser to announce Mario Williams signing.
upstairs from me is either a fight or a furniture sale.
yeah i went this morning
Search Engine Optimization Secrets by Danny Dover is written for SEO consultants but has a lot of good tips for users not found elsewhere.
Oh my gosh!!
I just hate those days were im having such a nice day then someone can just come and ruin it!!
Tomorrow is national wear your camp shirt day!
Wear your camp shirt to the Y tomorrow and receive 5 off your first week of camp!
Gotta ask, what's on your list to see?
Great first class with Brian Reise.
Everyone was cool  welcoming.
how do i get over something thats impossible?
Watching XFiles before bed made me jumpy.
It's a good thing my apartment doesn't have any air ducts.
Be sure to put on your varsity list so you don't miss his tweets.
YW, have a great weekend Kimberley!
Best part of opening day?
Opening day bbq!
Tweaked holiday video showing in Comcast lobby A 90second Nutcracker sequence by the Pennsylvania Ballet and four additional snow machin
: Don't be in a relationship if you're going to at single.
Be on the lookout for an upcoming Holiday giveaway!
Stay in tune for details!
Good to see mister.
Landis' wisdom is still being taken to heart.
tell her I said hi ; that I love her :
' Gotta get my shit up!!
Okay goodnight I'm done lol
love it!
thanks so much for joining us!
Obsessed with old man chef's floral print shirt at Kenka.
time for work here soon
Or was there an implied and time to do translation work on a project in there?
Because Im not so sure about that part.
I said you the fucking best!
Thanks so much to those who have recently started to follow me.
For those unaware, I am, when time allows, reviewing YA books as well.
it's going to take awhile for me to come back and shop there.
And I LOVE the store.
Have bought so many books from there.
If it's not your relationship then you don't need to worry about why someone's relationship ended.
It's none of your business!!
You'll rock!
Happy New Year from J  J
Anyone headed to the Tejano Music Convention in Vegas next week?
If so stop by my booth and buy your tix to the TMA's
can't argue with either of those points!
True story: once to a cruise to Samoa with
So how bout those Sixers?
Finished prep work for tomorrow's training sessions and happily watching sytycd.
Liking the talent at Vegas week!
Sometimes YOU need to step outside, get some air, and REMIND yourself of who YOU are and where YOU want to be!
Been play foursquare for like ever.
This shit's intense.
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest, Smartest, Has The Best Smile is Da BEST RB Singer Of Em All?
Hands Down.
Clearwire CEO: 'There remains a gap' between Clearwire and Sprint Clearwire reported gains in subscribers during its thir
So much respect for Taylor Swift.
A MEN.
RT this if you love 23rd St in the spring!
What a day!
Third day of shooting with a famous person has, surprisingly, made me even less famous.
I can't tell if this update has stopped running or is just thinking very hard...kinda like my brain today too.
all boarded and ready to depart Denver for the quick road trip to Rochester.
nice to google meet you!
So my Internet is being stupid.
Grr,
Congrats on A doctorp of the Hard Stuff winning the Award for Best Novel: Legend.
Spotify is not available in the USA.
Not so surprising...
KJo is the Fillmaf of poker!
You Of Course!!
;D
thx what's up?
u dyed ur hair?
Shared questioning skills  techniques with an experienced organizational coach.
Educators have much to offer other professorssions.
tony hawk rules
Geez, where are all these funny pics of us coming from?!
.
1045 days to be precise.
It's possible you missed something, can't remember though.
hiya jay!!
Can't wait to see you lot perform in Chicago!!
Bye : x
Sorry to anyone who might have clicked on those bunk urls.
For future reference, if I suddenly sound like a tween girl, I been hacked.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb but how well you bounce.
lol that's pretty funny.
omg what are you nutso
Pretty little liars is intense.
Wish I didn't have night class Monday
Started Wrinkle in Time without my daughter.
Couldn't wait.
Concerned about who is getting what for Christmas.
I could go for a Twinkie right now.
there so fucking delicious
...
not so easy when it means big change
Nice recovery by Marmol.
Back is a little better, still need a few doctorgs to get anything done...I think we may change coffee to Friday...
LETS GO DODGERS CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP
We just went to the movie Salmon Fishing in Yemen and interestingly enough it was quite a nice surprise!
Why does housekeeping start knocking on doors before 10am???
are u still rapping ?
biggest reaction is always Sheriff Clarke on the horse in the Tosa parade.
Not sure if he goes to others.
In all honesty, all archivists should follow He's all over the listservs, and he has some great ideas!
you should use my guy.
Two emails and done.
Joline Blais: I teach design and new media; it's natural to be a permaculturalist which requires good design to succeed
Manifest tomorrow.
5:45pm hits the stage.
Free show so come on out.
1st upset of the tournament!
Pennsylvania  Florida.
I need to be around people that don't get fed by silver spoons and understand living modestly  working for stuff
I AM watching some good football.
My fave brands here tweet information  not just frequent self promotion.
Good.
Finally.
cause you never realized it that until you saw that image...
make you look at kids a different way now
If you are a normal human being, focus may be the most significant quality you need to succeed in most things.
are you ready?
Ahaha My Dad Just Came Out On The Radio Lol ....
Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;P
oh whooooaaaaaaaa oh
I'm good!
Busy at work with the summer exhibit trying to keep the To Do list from exceeding the length of the paper.
But TGIF!
people to fail.
I am trying to help them become the best thinkers and writers they can be.
Aww that was sweet!
Thank you!
What part of the world do u live in?
Probably the best Christmas ever.
Lowkey and perfect.
That awkward moment when a sixth grader can curl hair better then you.

Oh yeah I have that interview thing tomorrow .
good luck: you will do great
funny guys are so sexy
Such a little love.
: 3
:D RT : Woohoo!
50,175.
That makes me 7/7 for NaNoWriMo wins; I've won over half of all that have ever been held.
and the smell apparently!
Ricco may be as funny...
Without the impressions.
English is a horriable class.
My teacher is mean :
I've got a name in mind but we'll have to see if it fits her.
Will keep you posted.
Hitting the road now.
anywhere you can park near Sheraton Hotel  Marina?
Hundoctords of museum pros there for a conferencewill be hungry!
Thanks!
That's very cool!
Seriously!
And on a night when I had to get up early for work.
Running on 3 hrs sleep now.
:
Jose andoctors is chilling in front of David Bradley's
I had to decide between Frankfurt and SXSW.
I hope I made the right decision.
See you in Texas!
RT interview for the Takers movie now up on mysoflo.com Leave a comment for your FREE MOVIE PASSES to see it next week!
Hope you had a great time!
Did you find a potential new truck?
:/ imy too.
We still have to do what we planned around Christmas break!
Lol.
39Chocolate Fountains For Scrumptious Chocolate Fondue chocolate fountain
Yesterday Danika Patrick became the 1st woman to lead a lap  the Daytona 500
Also, don't forget if you are not using tweetchat to include the creativereads hashtag Thx!
the alex gordon not like the jabroni luis salazar
I don't like his ugly ass;
Make sure you get out to the to see roast the from Show starts at 8.
what room is mt breakfast in?
Left program in my room:
This little grl hit her big ass head we was ctfu
I have the amazing opportunity tomorrow night to see you in a meet and greet studio session.
I'm so flippin excited!
thank you for covering the presser on sewergate  gross hashtag, important issue!
RT : RT Don't miss Easter Ministry Partner Night tonight at 7pm at , Vision from ,  Giveaways!
understatement of the century.
isn't that manipulative and selfinvolved.
Unfinished Ipe Hardwood Flooring 3/4 x 5 instock ...going fast.
This is how it's gonna go down...
NIT tournament.
Opening weekend.
Louisville playing in Freedom Hall.
On the big blue UK floor...
haha sweet!
you get them?
Baby you're the best part of my day WithYou Chris Brown
ok, you watch Smash, right?
Missed last week's...
what happened to Ivy?
I love cereal!
3
One does not simply join my social network...
life is meant to be lived!...
do it while u can!...
If they had worked their butts off at home they would be grateful for the opportunity to come back.
Example 1: the gluttony of thanksgiving a holiday founded on the principle lie that the victor cares for those he slaughtered on the way up
whoooooow heck yes!
;D not planning on ending the party till fall lol thanks!
Thanks, James!
Hope you're having a great day.
We already had our pass pickup event last Saturday!
Did you not see the posts about it?
9 more fan page LIKES and we hit 9000!
Yohan Blake  200m  19.26 Will there be an ?
I'm dubious.
That is a major time doctorp of .52 seconds.
You know we'll wait for your humps sometimes the wait makes it even better!
; 
good luck to wise capra
Electriccar prowess eludes China39;s grasp
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit doctornking.
CC
Feel better though, friend.
Hey, a w is a w and UL has beaten the 1 team twice.
Beating UL doesn't help win the SEC.
Congrats.
Enjoy it.
talks w/  I wouldnt trade her for anything
Seriously, , you have no idea how much time your incompetence costs me and all of DC.
Maybe we didn't haha..
Your name seemed familiar...
thanks for the follow!
So the Lawrie comparisons to Pete Rose make sense?
Excited to hear the news: 5th annual InfoCamp Seattle will be Oct 8  9 at UW!
Follow for official updates.
It may be a little early, but it's looking more and more likely that we'll see a Miami Heat/OKC Thunder NBA Finals.
We shall see...
Time to turn off the weather channel and head to dinner.
Can't watch tornados anymore.
Will rely on twitter pics.
This is tweet 1000: A raised glass to and future technologies of collective opportunity to come.
I have no voice at all.
Its worse than yesterday
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :
saved a life, made a life.
Burfict to the browns!
Burfict to the browns!!!
I want burfict!
remember tahira said that to you
I'll try
and to the rescue!!!!
finally i can ditch this flip phone and get one with at least a keyboard!
so like I love you but I live in America :
join us for a sandwich!
or some homemade soup or salad?
we're serving up great meals focusing on sustainability in
No one can arrive from being talented alone.
God gives talent; work transforms talent into genius.
Anna Pavlova
First celebrity sighting since I've moved to LA: complete!
Wanda Sykes at Paradise Cove Beach Cafe in Malibu!
Omg that would be HORRIBLE I've searched some fucked up Shit lol
u trippin dude
Yea I think my theory is right, y'all ladies is nuts from the womb to the tomb
Thanks for all the follows the last couple of days!
My life will be quite busy the next few weeks but I will try to visit here.
douggieb
Werking hard in the studio on my way to pick up my studio headphones
Two hours into a chi2012 writing marathon.
I feel like I should tell the incoming students to run for their lives, but I'm having a blast.
God morning everyone!!!
:D
It's biketoworkweek.
Will you be taking advantage of it?
Lavender lemonadecrush 1/4 c lavender flowers w 1/4 c sugar or agave, squeeze 6 lemons, add a lotta H20  ice, stir  sweeten to taste.
I don't choke girls..........
unless she asks me too
I raise my glass to to on being elected to the Broncos Ring of Fame.
Having an interesting change of consciousness writing the free chapter of Framing Real  are your looks your calling card or everything?
that's gota be it.
I watched it in my French class last year.
It was so nice, so different from American films.
Refreshing even
I am on my way RT : I need a serious stress reliever....
Super busy with school  stuff.
Three more weeks!
:
I 100 admit that I was going off on a tangent.
Sounds like Aaron is buying you a new blouse that is the only way to teach him consequences
me daddy lol
An ideal homework excuseTeacher: Where is your homework?Pupil: I was mugged on the way to school and the mugger took everything I had
Happy birthday Claudia!!!
Hope is emotional.
Immediate help is tangible.
Hope is good for the soul, but immediate help is necessary for the body to survive.
Ah.
Chekhov done.
No theatre for a while.
Back to thrival job for a while and to figure out where I'm going to move to...
Yup!
Radio for a month.
One and done?
WHO!
no matter how many times i watch the same episode of cougar town...i still laugh out loud
Congrats on the new gig.
Looking forward to hearing you both more.
Discover businesses near you right now with Google Places  and grab a cup of coffee at the best restaurant you find!
yay!!!!
I won't be home, but ill check it out as soon as a I get a free 5 minutes!
Yes I said wheele
No one ever shows love for the Spurs.
Seems the only way you can hit every traffic light green in LA is to run from the cops in a tow truck.
Thank you so much for the sweet review!
It really made our day.
3
Think I need to get my 3 year old some warmer clothes for her first opening day.Her Tribe gear is all skirts.
Clothes shopping daddy style.
About to go to bed.
Last night was amazing even tho I went trick or treating in the rain and got like no candy it was worth it 3
thanks!
I took a gander at your website.
Great resource!
Bookmarked and will be shared.
RT : can we please?
And can we also have a car wash or something to get you a new iPod?
can i rub it and make u feel better
your welcome
Been away so long!
What did I miss?
would you say your question was remediated as if you were present?
Getting out of downtown before rush hour was half the battle today.
Time to read and run after this last class.
I didn't know you were an Oklahoma girl!!
Me too!
Best to you, always!
Why have there been so many extremely sad people these last few days?
Yes.
And it's a winner.
really??..who wants to hang out today??
anyone?
lol..paul left me hngen aha jk anyone??lol
eeww oh god
Now finally Russell Wilson will get some more damn love in Heisman voting!!
I never stick my leg off the bed, no matter how hot it is.
Because I would get eaten off.
calm your bitch ass down, nigga don't forget i made you too!
HA !
Yeah right ..
Things like this he never gets over :
couldn't be any more happy!
:
this test fina be hard i know it but i got faith an i studied my ass off so hopefully i get a good grade
uh.
promptly forgot it usually.
retention is big issue
good grief
send me all the pictures of me and keke
When that one person is absent from class and its soo quiet.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everybody.
OO what did you do to them??
Poor, violated donuts...
Happy birthday!!
Congratulations on all your accomplishments  success!!
4am exterior filming, sound holding due to street cleaning!
HOLDING.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
57
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
omfg i love obama so much??
Does anyone know of a tool that monitors LinkedIn?
I hate when my eyes hurt :/
It's a bitter sweet symphony
Actors in LA!
There's a big book sale at The Actors' Network in Weho.
12 deals!
1069 N Fairfax!
115 today and 104 tomorrow.
That is sweet!
Did Al Michaels sign it, too?
I have been asked by those of that other event I volunteer w/ to be vigelant for any announcement of the CTV being auctioned.
thanks can't wait be nice if u would Post the count down everyday !:
Are you tired from running through my mind all day?
;
go follow him!!
Winners don't quit, Quitters don't win.
There is so much to be thankful for.
Have a great week everyone!
Iron Man 3 is next
I'm not sure why I decide to file an expense report on Monday morning.
Apparently I have too much optimism.
watching a Chris Rock standup comedy show
Gretchen, Stop trying to make fetch happen.
Thank you!

nice job!
Now you need to come do a fund raising event in Pittsburgh!
Welcome to the new follows!
You guys rock.
Happy Sunday.
Guess we won't be seeing a Siva massive open online course?
:
Happy Opening Day!
Such a great day of baseball!
Wiz Khalifas tweets are SO CORNY..omg i can't even
you you you !
negro I'm so tired of playin phone tag wit yo azz
When I cry, cry for me When I love, Just Love me When I say goodbye, fight for me When I hurt, Come back to me.
Asiaskye
Thanks mom for fuccing, my pops without a rubber!!
Nipsey voice....
Arunas Chesonis told an audience of Brockport students today that he failed organic chemistry as a frosh.
Got an A when he retook it.
it's FASCINATING.
PS: You have to do quotaproject for at least ONE day.
I would just like to say, that I am incredibly happy with the way life is going right now.
Good ain't good enough...
concert was awesome la la loved it3
Today in Literary History: On May 16, 1717 French Enlightenment writer Voltaire was imprisoned in the Bastille.
Happy holidays!
Be sure to count your blessing
Definetly bad kissers!
RT What's worse: bad kissers or bad doctorvers???
I'm putting all this shit on blast tonight because I'm an independent engineer who slaved at a major label studio where......
nw Malibu's Most Wanted.
This movie has me weak!!
No offence really means, I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad
Well damn....
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out:First Friday of Lent?
Head to the South Shore's Finest Fish Fry 4147628866 11a8p
Whew!
Just finished ur interview Qs.
Damn boy ur questions require real answers!
Enjoyed answering.
Will spell check  send in am
I know.
It's sucks.
: there's a price to everything now.
ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Oh God, my BIG, FUCKING COCK!!!!!!!!
hi, where do I know you from?
Giant whoosh is air leaving Busch Stadium.
've got friends in the Lone Star State...good to know y'all!!
Lol
jake, doctorke.
hey.
it rhymes.
I WANT A LAP DANCE FROM HIM
So beautiful : 
They are the real thing.
They're not someone who learned a bluegrass style.
They are bluegrass, bare feet and all  Vickie Tatum
Wow.
The Dubliner in PL is really, really nice.
Impressed.
you beautiful love!
c ya later gotta do the same love you

cook me some crabs Is ur name ??
No!
Lol.,nah i might tomorr
lol..
museum holiday party..
and all the dirty Santa gifts are alcohol related.
All my fat goes straight to my ass.
What insideDEALS offer was your favorite?
Jammin to Color Me Badd Radio on Pandora while I set up for garage sale tomorrow!
buuuuullllshit sir!!
I honestly dont know what happened
look forward to hanging w/ you  hundoctords of music fans at sounddiego live 2morrow night
I saw a mixed gingerbaby today,  it was so unusually beautiful, but I didnt take a pic bc thats frowned upon,
done and done.
and done.
all the way in paintlick?!
Check back tomorrow for information on a new auction!
Proceeds to benefit Miracle on Canal Street!
fuck you .
i hate you your so flaw to me now.
first you tried me when i doctorve to margate with 2 blunts then yesterday 
Why is ohio state wearing red helmets, looks wrong, dislike both these coaches.
Now I sound like doctorw
hey Cuz!
Thanks so much!
We will try and get up to Buffalo soon!!
Hope all is well!!
Ferris tomorrow.
Playing with the big boys 2mm ;
the real question is, was Nelly there?
yeah that's awful!!
: I threw up after I had mine pulled too!!
Are you swollen?
I find it hard to cook without the help of a glass of red wine.
So I don't fight it.
Happy Monday!
We have another beautiful day here.
Thanks for shopping!
Hope the new seat is treating you well!
I have no days to sleep in this week!
Trying to remain interested in the Chelsea v.
QPR match.
oh hey!
im fine, thank you.
And, how are you?
word muah i love talking to u girl i feel so much better than when i started
Headed to the lovely city of Denver Colorado and meeting up with the event speakers  musicians!
Wow!
This will be awesome!
gratitude!
I sure wish I had someone to wine and dine for valentines day..but then again nothin else make my dick hard like countin cash
Oh I SO love that.
GWAS or get deported back to Mexico
How does one get their car out of a small parking garage during a power outage?
I'll find out here in a moment.
No power on Cap.
Hill
came here in 3rd grade in 1970.
Is there an almost list?
Otherwise my pooch Scout qualifies as a sxsnative!
I agree, but its a question of whether they want to give up on their supposed franchise QBs.
Cap could be a problem too.
I don't get why it's time to move on when he has a year of eligibility left, wants to play, and bleeds Crimson.
I hope you guys enjoyed the Tselepos Mantinia Moschofilero!!!
Still young!
RT : is tru; still figuring shit out in my late 30s.
But I know more now.
I guess that the process!
No problem!
;
We better not be going outside in gym next period.
call me when you can
compare GA tracking a video gaq.push vs s.linkTrackVars'eVar42';s.eVar42'Vid'
My Dad and best friend, , won't answer my phone call.
Stop being assholes, guys.
There is something wrong with being up this early and not doctornking green beer
I can tweet anything about a sign  people will believe it  say Wow so true!
You people are so gullible!
Bruschi was a mainstay on a team that won 3 Super Bowls in 4 years.
Bullshit don't make me go in the house and spend the rest of the night with my wife.
Let's have some fun people!
I think he can still make it good but I do not want Adam Levine to get casted
Happy Thursday!
What's going on with you today?
Beverly Church: first step is knowing what table to use  in MySQL, can query the informationschema.columns table
a beautiful day like today reminds me how lucky I am to live in Portland
Be ready to tell your key highlights from college career: clubs, organizations, charities and internship/work experience.
: When men stop being assholes, I'll stop being a bitch sorrynotsorry
I'm looking at bikes portion of Seattle craigslist  there's a Campagnolo belt buckle up there...
Things are looking good
thanks for the follow.
hope you like the movie!
no, , I ate dinner 3 times tonight..
PE opened for the Beastie Boys during the license to ill tour and that was my first ever concert I was in the 7th grade
This is 's time to shine!!
Lol she's got this3
To forgive is 2 set a prisoner free  discover that the prisoner was U  Lewis B Smedes
RT : Can someone please doctorg me with powerful sleep aids and wake me when the Pinterestfest is over?
Thanks.
Only thing I can provide to a smoke session is the food...
that's all I'm worth.
Dont be fooled!
Unemployment s are rigged RT Record 1.2M FALL OUT Of Labor Force...
doctordge.tw/yJZNOX
At BS
: that's def what I'm leaning toward..
all suggestions seem to point that way :
OK, im giving my phone back to be DJ.
like what i heard can link up some artis with your sounds need a link to your tracks!!
and follow back
Worked 12 days straight through, harder then I've ever worked in my life.
But it feels great haha
Wednesdays are best for me.
It made perfect sense!
If you leave the booth saying, We'll fix that in the mix down.
Do it again
Facebook makes you hate people you actually know.
Twitter makes you love people you've never met.
People like you 
Wow!
I need to keep up with my followers!
Thanks so much!
Happy birthday, Locu!
Cheers to many more.
We should really play boyfriend at Vicki's
Just got through listening to the Chris Pearson vs.
GPL interview.
Chris definitely embarrassed himself, that said, his argument is legit.
Glad you like 'em!
AntiValentines day party at my hotel room!
Whos down?
Lets get chocolate wasted!
Lol
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.
RT : Can we still keep though?
how old do you think he is?
Part of why I love Lil B so much is that he pisses so many people off, and it's fucking funny.
: The Browns will find Mohammed Massaquoi's replacement today.
Thank you Jesus!
Brand New Clip, Brand New 9 Brand New Snitch, Brand New Ride Brand New Weed, Brand New High Brand New Me Meet The Brand New Guys
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!:
Potash: Domestic violence survivors acts pending in NY and NJ.
Must now go have sushi
did it work?
Ask Style: How to Stand Out Minus the Sequins?
I 'm starting to think of what I want to wear to the holiday parties, but I 'm so not a se
Live Life Reckless Killing Shit
I hate when I make a cup of tea and a bug decides to go swimming in it...
I'm On the Scene in the Dec.
22 issue of Las Vegas CityLife: WELCOME TO WOODSTOCK.
Turning the heat up to 80 this month when we leave the house.
Roommate is onboard.Hopefully it will earn more points on www.earthaid.net
I vote you read it out loud.
I'll come listen to time it and applaud at the appropriate places.
way to engage with your topic ;
Just gonna say though that I think OWS is very important and I am GLAD it is happening.
It showed me that change is possible.
how about elway and the broncos?
They were pretty poor before him..
do you think he is a basement baby?
Living in moms basement and making the rest up?
His logic is hard to follow.
My man, Scott Brooks better be spitting his best speech ever.
The Thunder are devastated right now.
Motivate  Fortune favors the brave.
doctor Maddow, i will print/hand paint any thing you wish on a tshirt because tshirts are my 1st amendment!
we need a better way for good renters to find good landlords
One of the things I miss the least after leaving the radio business is the ridiculous holiday hours.
Many props to you, sir.
when we gone make my mix tape!!!
TROGwar The War on Stupid, pick a side: Troglodytes protecting status quo, imposing religious Beliefs OR Fact  Sciencebased Greater Good.
so glad!
Sarah  I want to figure out how to come out and collaborate on something.
Artists in residence.
Hm.
For the love of Christ, will somebody explain to me why it would be NECESSARY to tweet during a play.
That's the part I can't figure out.
you da best
Get swept
seems like the were just babies.
The addoctorss for the Voces de la Frontera and MICAH meeting tomorrow is 3022 W.
Wisconsin Avenue in Milwaukee.
Why does coffee taste so damn good even though I'm not allowed to doctornk it?
bron made up for the flop
try smarties too.
just awful!
: Honestly, that might have been one of the worst decisions I've ever seen any person make.
After I bought the new iPad, I sold my old one to They emailed me the prepaid shipping label.
You should always respect your parents' wishes.
Thanks for the RT!
Last day to check the Slivka, Jordan exhibit.
Open 126p.
Then stick around for Java for Justice with Rebuilding the Wall.
apologizes, and then immediately tries to tug at your heartstrings did you know ads support our programming?
think of the childoctorn!
Everyone go follow !:
awr!
thanx a lot for the FF shout.
I've not been tweetin' and blogging much lately, but hoping to get caught up soon!
Holy crap, Chris Russo has a twitter!
I luv that scarf!!!
Put this dck on her nose, now she cockeyed.
Ah, 2 Bombs all night long at Big Bar.
I forgot that today was my 3 year twitter anniversary!
Can't believe I've been spilling random thoughts to strangers for 3 longs years.
Wtf.
Do you need a new website?
do you value accessibility?
message me
love isn't a game, so why cheat ?
Protecting the Skin and the Planet: Weleda and Sierra Club Canada Give Young ...
Canada NewsWire
: and avoid the child that commented on our photo, he's a pain
what's the website to watch free tv episodes
Youth Games is for intellectually disabled youth ages 718.
A great opportunity to intro your childoctorn to Special Olympics!
RT if you think your cute...
proves, with 100 bills, that women are less likely to jump over chairs for funding.
I can see a lot of light in you.
I think I wanna read the hunger games
...
Come on now..how can a guy not pace the infamous for a couple miles or so???
His last Tango was so steamy!
Can't wait 2 c it again RT Go Donny!He's dancing the tango tonight.No rose in the teeth, brother.
Hope everyone is enjoying break!
It's pretty quiet here in Thompson now.
and a Happy New Year to you!
mister : Rally Guthrie4Sheriff!
No other good man like Lou!
Put me on that flight : I bet you can find a flight to OKC for 10.00
dont tweet me
you are vegan?
you are the H.B.I.C.
Head Bitch In Charge!!
I don't know this guy, but his song wins!
Haha.
That's my ringtone.
Oomf is just salt cause i cant fit them in my schedule.
I think some people just blocked me on Twitter.
Beep beep bitch ima fuxking text u
reserves play Red Bulls reserves at 3:30pm on Sunday at Widener University's Quick Stadium.
It's free and open to all.
to much fucking go down last night?
Who is Oscar de la Hoya?
meh iunno hun :c ii can let you sleep if you want?
I was thinking more demographically/sociologically, but the methodology point is a good one.
I got BIG plans for my bday!
Can't wait to see how everything comes out!
to be continued.
Masterpiece, 1962 MUSEUM WRAP CANVAS Print With Added ...
So thankful to be featured as one of Time Magazine's 5 Next Big Things hungergames are real and a 25cent meal is the best weapon.
Evening light is my favorite.
Charlotte niggas eat butt.
End.
I WIN!
What do you mean by 'directed'?
hahah omg we totally need to hang out one day!
Trying to squash a rumour is like trying to unring a bell.
Shana Alexander
Call me again!
So sorry totally didnt hear it!
yea I'd b starving too...
What time is it where ur at???
Nah I'm good!!
: Haha...
GET YOUR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN BE INTERNET FAMOUS.
Remember to play after the storm.
Mattie
AH My laptops dying!
gtg peeps!
Peace out
Apparently SportingKC GK Nielsen didn't get enough stretching before the game?

why alone
Strange day
we absolutely did!
love the trick where you add a  to a bit.ly link to see the stats.
Slick!
And can't wait to play w/ Daytum!
Any idea of the success rates of the students who place into higher level courses after prepping for test
At least the thought of seeing at RCL next weekend makes me happy.
:'
they're in my office now
ONELINER: Save water ?
take a bath with your neighbour's daughter.
What's your favorite workout song?: Eyes by Kaskade
Sale still going on today 50 off everything!!
Open till' 5.
Come stop by!!
What kind of soup should I make with my leftovers?
I usually do turkey pozole...but maybe turkey noodle?
Or turkey chili?
Any recipes?
I won't argue with that
Salsa at Madoctorgall  Every Thursday 1627 Oak St KCMO just south of the Power and Light District  the coolest Salsa venue in Kansas City!
only one DBMS supported
But then again I wouldn't know.
In classroom bored af
:D You Love Madison.!3 And I Love Vinny.!3
datanewoil why big data comes to the forefront is because our data exhaust is ever bigger and more traceable
Know, first, who you are; and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Epictetus
Intriguedly jealous!
MT Inhotim was absurdly cool, one of the best contemporary art experiences I've had, ever.
you are are a bad singer you sound like a cat eating a dying cow...
don't sing
looking for new female 1 take vocalist?..inbox
Listening to Fire to the rain by and thinking back on riding in the car with and her singing it.
Fair enough  but do believe that we've only scrapped the surface.
Just saw a really interesting demo.
: are u serious?
Catch the fucking ball!
Dwyane Wade is more of a diver than any soccer player and he gets away with it 5 times a game.
Some people are just idiots :/
I'm not a bot I only play one on TV.
LOL
search.
Twitter.com most powerful tool on web
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Between The Sheets Old School.
HTown songs
MyBiggestFlaw is letting myself go lower than others.
I have high standards for myself, so why do I find excuses to bend them?
Highway to the Danger Zone
hopefully your professorssor is a woman
hey hey!
You ready for the Event tomorrow?
kickin it old school w/ beatnuts!
Life is great isn't it?
: A case of beer always kills a case of Mondays on a Tuesday!
haha
Reason 1 to buy a waterproof ipod: I was even approached by this hot girl and asked me where i got this.
I ended up taking her number :
Indeed  Saturday House was mentioned on the opposite page.
I'm being punished for doctornking your doctor Pepper with terrible insomnia!
New season.
Same formula: 1.
Packers score.
2.
Celebrate by throwing candy.
3.
Repeat.
Share, retweet, scrawl above the urinals at Lambeau!
There is light at the end of the tunnel.
Graduation from JHU museum studies pgm will be in May 2011.
Wahoo!
ooohhh!
I can't even guess what it is!
indeed, how's NorCal?
I'll bring it later;
: Shout out to the homie follow him!
Hi Carol, we lost touch, but Houston.
It's Worth It would like to send you something.
Can you dm us with your mailing addoctorss?
CE purchases up, apparel down  see what other industryspecific trends our data uncovered for the 2011 holiday shopping season...
Thanks again to Seattle EMP chair , Renee Gervais, and for a great resume building workshop!
That was so much fun!
Next weekend more filming for The Device
lol liar but I wouldn't be surprised if she got that bumpersticker!
Naw.
I just talked to Jude Law about it.
He said it was cool.
Go follow :
Is it still considered dartying?
Lol
I wonder what would look like in 80's clothes hmm..
He'd probably have swagge like a Jedi ;
Swallow cliff in the morning making those stairs and hill my bitch.
Not many are talking about RGV's 'Department '.
He should have hired some one who can act well with Amitabh Bachchan.
How are men like parking spaces?
All the good ones are taken and the rest are handicapped!
Brewster Kahle and Jason Scott are my heroes for the day.
matters when we prove we have the best fans around inyourface InfluencerInsanity Badgers :
Perfect.
I have a meeting tomorrow night but maybe we could meet afterward for some vino  catch up?
Selma and Patty they are hilarious.
Crazy day in mlb...
good for pujols but i see this deal backfiring well before 10 years is up...
Blessedgang!
Denver,co
Congrats Mavs!
Now the city of Dallas needs 2 do what championship cities do...burn stuff  vandalize cars.
I'llNeverUnderstandWhyPplDoThat

good point!
I use twitter through  so I don't always remember to go use all the functionality of the main site.
Never shout never time travel yes my life is right now perfect yay:
Another weekend thwarted by the weather, why does the week always have to be such a tease?!
yea watched the Lakers game..home in bed...what u doing?
Question: Even in internal documents, do you put the exclamation point on Yum?
I'm curious.
my grandpa aafaal gave me my first lesson on the family tree and where it all began
Hope u joined misterThunderothers 4 da 10th annual walk starting :00 PM on 96th  Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbsdo something useful
Sanchez bailed Tello out there because he fluffed his chance again.
Needs to be subbed I think.
Moving or remodeling in Napa,Ca?
Check out IDSNapa!!!
You have a great day to!
how many people think my big strong soldier brother is a chicken for not trying Gator meat???
i vote yup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you must've really needed THAT ride at THAT time.
Clearly he's not up on almond it rice milk.
Eww
nah, i will pun you to death :
Now I don't even want to get ready
BLESS EVERYONE'S SOUL.
Access to information in the absence of critical thought is a dangerous recipe.
Diane Lapp
Good Friday is trending.
Damn!
Thats nuts!
I wonder who got that trending?
Was it Rebecca Black?
I bet it was Rebecca Black, dude
Had an amazing mtg w/ administrators at Travis HS about Excited that young men are taking an active involvement in Education.
I hate crying, but right now I feel its necessary /:
call time: 5:45 am then its a wrap on THE CURE ALL BLUES!
next up  TIMES LIKE THESE.
on set photos soon to come!
RT The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness.
You have to catch it yourself.Franklin
When I was a kid, I thought Jayne Kennedy and Lynda Carter we're the most beautiful women ever.
Hi Hass, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
Yup RT I love watching Premier League football.
But at least 53 of my love is the announcers.
I wish those guys called the NFL.
Are you still here?
Or do you want to pick the wine up in Belltown?
Can't wait to try the ribs and brisket tonight!
It's LaEsquina time!!!
Best tacos in New York...yum!
amazing napkin art!
I'm still going strong, not letting the sxswproblems stop me!
Watching AGT, hoping for iLuminate to win, but I wish all of them the best.
Shorting a basket of stocks with a reserve is like the football Giants.
Must have nerve and wait for the opportunities to exploit.
Just had the worst customer service experience EVER on airlines.13 hours in Newark airport, no hotel, no compensation.
oh ye as h watt he ask about rio
I've been in the try new things mood lately, and it's pretty hit or miss.
Tonight, luckily is a hit: Torrontes wine.
Yum.
would youu count EVERYDAY as a special occasion ...
?
I've been told that I'm the most awesome person ever by the voices in my head.
Brewer game on a Tuesday v.
the Dodgers?
Yes, yes I think I will.
Who am I to judge the Caps.
I haven't showered and just ordered a sub from a place I can see from my window.
come smoke a cig with me ma nigga :/
Trees falling from the sky!
I watched the Superbowl yesterday.
I was terribly disappointed.
Someone should've told me it was a football game.
weird, u read my mind!!!!
hahaha
I feel like a fucking bitch.
/:
I'm following you now
Look within.
Be still.
Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way.
Buddha
You need a LB philly.
Worst LB group last year BY FAR.
Happy birthday milwaukee!
Really???
RT : knows everybody LBS, I was in a meeting yesterday and the brought u and your company up, love it!
Free tix to hear the 1 Bus Coach in the world Register at www.businessisboomingtour.com with ticket code KK001
cannot wait till Nathan comes home!
sup wit them mario powerups tho?
Also, bought plug converters today.
Boy, that was an adventure.
NFL Pats in line for the one seed.
We like this around these parts
Give in to the temptation!
We'll save a seat for you.
Just registered for Conference!
I can't wait for October :
Will do, thanks for sending and enjoy your evening.
Hi Deanna!
Nice to meet you too.
What a HUGE 3 days for USC filmmakers!!!
I am so proud of my filmmaking colleagues, my friends.
: We have grown together!!
: Aries are good teachers and very demonstrative.
They will show you exactly how to pop and grind.
We're there in spirit!
Wish we could be hanging out with all of you today!
of course...and thanks for the compliment!
Yes indeed...things happen...
The Falkland Isles has over 700000 sheep.
TheHungerGames is AmAzInG!!!
Hey!
With my job/other work I wouldnt be able2commit to writing a viable academic paper.I do have some from ug but I may go
If you're looking for a cool Vegas hang tonight .
.
.
check out Rick Faugno's amazing show at The Lounge at The Palms!
Show starts at 10!!
let's go!
Whats the news!
is smacking on that gum and saying  You f'in with the best during the stare down hilarious !!!!!
Yooo wake your ass up and pick up your phone!
Let's play ball
Whirlpool Duet HE Washer amp Gas doctorer  whirlpool duet
all these sexy british/irish boys invading the us music scene, i can't take it
By selfsame definition of Standard Model if Higgs Boson gives mass to other particles then it is not elementary.
Logical enough.
Live music tonight from 730930pm.
Clifford Kauffman Duo
It's not the quantity it's the quality  you've got that in spades.
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest professorssion.
I have come to realize that it resembles the first.
lol of course not
Yes my crush Ian mad at me anymore!
Booya!
watching the steelers WIN
Now Iman Shumpert and D.Rose is out of the running do you think that this shakes the playoffs up at all??
Must needed win today.
Must stay ahead of ManCity.
Glory glory ManU!!!
Choose to do a random act of kindness today and everyday...Choices are endless.
BE CHOOSEY!!
they never showed who died or if both did?!
Thanks for the follow  love your book so much I'm considering giving it to every member of my family for Christmas.
I have 48 hours till my next shift at cheesecake.
I will take what I can get so let the mini vacation begin
Sasha at the vet.
Came home to her eyes and snout VERY swollen, and has been ill since yesterday morning.
Fingers crossed they see her today
Omfg his voice is beautiful
but who said we just trend Brazil things, we trend other things too!
you just don't see it
USF Bulls lose a heartbreaker last night, hopefully it'll be enough for the big dance later this month.
I think they might be short.
Some stunning numbers being thrown out there with the Facebook IPO:
inspires after a
Totally.
When I looked up, it was like I had almost forgotten about them, Hey stars, long time, no see!
Charity and I decided that I fit into Hawaii.
Rocking no shirt and my trucker hat all day long!
I wish I had an almond snicker also, they are so my favorite.
LOL luv ya
Grant Gibbs former Zag!!!
Henson showing how soft he is already.
Lol.
What a baby.

...
in bringing an ancient people back from the brink of annihilation is the Western radical lefts worse nightmare.
I gotta get used to my channels again , I still got the UMES ones in my head...
what can you do?
Salted Edamame with Roasted Garlic and Herbs delicious, Salad garlic snack summer hawaii edamame fresh food best edamame recipe
Quality over quantity ALWAYS unless you have a lot of injuries or are desperate!
thanks goes that Duke life?
Good luck RT : In 3 weeks, I'll be starting work 's office in DC!!
Couldn't be more excited.
crying my eyes out...
i miss my baby cousin  :
you are sick.
Aways having fun relationship 
My best friend Baily binnix is the most beautiful, smart, funny, epicgirl I have ever met in my life.
NO LIE
gypsy is at 15th  Q right now!
Will be here for at least an hour!
Come shop!
:
It doesn't make sense for a person to say  I hate when people act so immature then they next day they say/do something stupid af.
Absolutely  it was fantastic!
Come on by any time, we'd love to see you!
Will now go by Princessa Latina from now on.
Thank you
Bored.
Rt this if ur in a relationship.
Pluse mention me and hurry
A new edition of the WAVE magazine is in production!
Have news you'd like to share with your fellow Dolphins?
Send info to
I hate it when I'm walking and texting and mannequins scare the shit out of me.
Thanks, Dee!
if I ever figure it out, I'll tell you.
I'm in.
First base
Hahaha come visit me in Boston and you'll get to go to cool things ; also check your text messages!
I texted you Karmin!
Tonight on 10, Soldiers coming home to their families in Boone, plus WDM is doctormming up their own farmer's mkt.
Happy birthday to the greatest dad !
RT What the ???
We can fix this in under an hour.
Can we please get the votes up!?!?
I hate constantly being reminded about something over and over again.
I.
Heard.
You.
The.
First.
Time!!!!!
D:
So, a client searching for cosmetics in a department store might have to go to 5 different counters and receive 5 different consultations.
i hate it too!!
haha the acting is terrible, it's so cheesy!
but both the songs are good ones!
ps really excited too!
:
Come enjoy our daily Chefs feature for only 9 and dont forget about our Lunch Club cards, after 9 lunches the 10th is on us!
Monroe coach Dale Buvid is sporting one hell of a shiner around his left eye.
Said he took a liner to the face during BP on Saturday.
: I am wearing the cutest sailor doctorss today thanks to ......OMG!!
ME TOO!!!
Shaking my head at your rudeness and stupidity.
Were you raised by wolves?
Stumbling off the LAX red eyeit's The First Grader's producer Richard Harding and actor/producer Sam Feuer
FOLLOWERS!
What's up?
Give us a listen on Facebook and like us on Facebook if you like pop rock!
:
love your style!
I hope you get some patrons in adorable costumes!
The way the Phillies are playing right now, it wouldn't surprise me.
Valentine's Love to some seriously great RT'ers!
and
Emailed u...not sure if u got it...what's the good word??
Do you nurture your knack for adventure?
Ill be 20 next month lls
Oh hush you are not!
that's wassup man...
Like both tracks!!!
Any vids out?
weedoctorpweerock!!!
www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.com get your hair right now for 2011
Really tired of leaving voice mails
it got me laughing aha
whether your talking shit about me or saying how much you love me remember your still talking about me and im always on your mind :
there's a bunch of jerks and players and ugly boys where i live!
Do you mind ?
I legit would do it.
Idk I'm screwed up in the head but if I had the chance I would actually be hitler for a day
Two out of three diabetics can die from a heart attack or
Everybody falls down, not everybody rise/Not everybody talks, but everybody lies/Not everybody lives, but everybody dies
lol how's the life lol you pretty Much say it all on fb lol
Down with the Cubbies tonight!
takes stage at Heaven!
in the house!
Thank you to all volunteers and those of you bringing in donations!
We appreciate all the time you've dedicated to the shelter!
Not that I am unhappy about that....
Digital East 2011 has a few final spots on their demo showcase, which gives startups an opp to discuss their biz.
Know anyone?
are you going to school tommorow?
MicroStation Is there a way to push multiple data set tags with just one Design File having sheet models?
No 3D models.
when will season 2 of workaholics be on Netflix?
you can't control your emotions
hey David, follow us?
Luv ya!
Ashley
Anyone using Active Trail for email marketing?
Announcement: I'll be hosting my own radio show in Boston beginning in June.
Seeking your creative ideas on show name  tagline...
I have no choice but to do well success is staring me right in the face
MF got me fucked up out here
yes that's an answer..and it's a good one!
I have a crazy headache
next Friday I meant!
sorry :/
Headed home to Denver on .
Lots of readers on board.
The Hunger Games book seems quite popular.
Whether in Miami today was Very bipolar
Wow Memphis how did you do that?
seriously, not like she feeds us real food when she's around anyway lol
I have a feeling I'm gonna wanna change clothes again when I get there : nothing new lol
Just swam 100 laps!!
Feels so good!!
Maybe blocking future potential opponents?
Creighton a potential matchup in Vegas.
No way Bo lets him go to a B1G school
That depressing moment when you get in one little  your mom gets scared so you move in with your auntie and uncle in BelAir
Twitter stop randomly unfollowing people.
Please?
Thanks.
Foreclosure Discounted  Las Vegas NV Foreclosures  7025186567
Today is Free Tuesday!
Come on down.
We're in beautiful
Check out the website!!
W.conferencecenter.com
I doubt it...
but u neva no
Wish work was closer so I didn't waste so much gas.
dealing with Sprint customer service, fixing something their customer service messed up previously.
Seriously, why is it so hard?
I'm boring, I know I am.
Argh!!!
daveheart I need a transcript of tonight's inspirational message!!!!!!!!
Or could you repeat it all again SLOWLY
This storm is awesome
thank you for the RT!
Cute boy on train asks me out.
I tell him I'm listening to what you want by Mandy Moore.
He left without my number.
someone text me?
this thunder 
lol true everyone else up here are lames  don't know how to have fun
Bistro Bar 333 was OpenTable.com's Dinner's Choice wniner of 2010!
Get 40 worth of food and doctornk for just 20 on www.crowdclick.com!
Presentation tomorrow for ela, wish me luck!
93 degrees in Connecticut.
In April.
Unacceptable Mother Nature!
Looking forward to Session 1 of ldsconf.
Hearing the words of the Prophet and Apostles is a spiritual refresher.
give and take give and take give and take
Audio, Pictures and Videos coming soon!
: Aight I sent something to it
Prospecting in Austin since I'll be there Friday for Duff's 40th.
Holla!
RT : The money is the motive.
My coworker just said that's not your hair!
Yes, it is, every foot!
Are you an iSchool student looking for paid, parttime librarytype work in DC?
I'm hiring an intern.
DM for details.
Because of MayDay??
I need someone D.T.F !
: dedicated, trustworthy  faithful.
3
STOP STOP STOP....
KNUCKLE UP BOI, KNUCKLE UP BOI!!!
Hope everyone is having a great Friday!
WOW is simply on fire
ANN: looking for devs in PDX.
New web project, all exp.
levels to collaborate on all aspects, prob java serverside.
ping this name at gmail
Hilton Head!
Running to the computer to see new video!
Holiday Safety Tips Avoid wearing expensive jewelry, Shop during daylight hours whenever possible.
Do not carry a purse or wallet, if poss.
haha as an expert at losing money gambling, i'd say you made a good choice.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
Albert Gray business leadership via :
guys go ask questions!
askjamie!!
3
Calm, beautiful day to be out on East Bay.
Kayak anyone?
It's global beach clean up day, head outside and get involved!
i would like both of you to know i will be in chicago from the 15th  18th of march.
stationeryreunion please?
Holy Cow!
My wife is on Twitter!
RT : see pics of our Easter morn: kids brilliant in church today for hr service
Congrats on a successful evening!!
Ha.
It was pretty cool.
I'm about to buy plane tic.
Flying into Tampa Bay..flying out of..um????
Where?!
ORlando?
Well, so far today I've eaten nothing but pureed food.
I 3 my food processor
you have an amazing...well pretty much everything
It's an absolutely beautiful day for a CruiseIn!
What better way to spend the evening?
Happy Jason Voorhees day!!
RT : dynamic speaker at cbrally what a great afternoon thx to 
Monsters of folk!
:
RomneyYachtNames Mo' Money
Thas 2years that's when you go out wit Ian rite

Be prepared to wait in line.
It appears they're following the popular nightclub scenario...
one out, one in.
Lots of people.
Patty Mills has 16 points and 4 assists.
The Warriors lead the Spurs 4847 with 3:36 left in the half.
Laviolette was right.
The play leading to the Devils goal was offside
Change of plans.
At Portillos :
he's such a great player
Jim Ross returning to commentary this week with William Regal on WWE NXT.
MARKING THE FUCK OUT!!!
Ordering trashy romance would be amazingly fun.
but did you laugh?
Amen!
RT : We need to be more aggressive about asserting rights to use images in scholarship under the Fair Use.
We can share concerns and overlap even if we go by different names.
Then again, I'm more interested in action than labels.
About time to start the writing process!
yea 8 closed out so urato will prob pick 7 too..
me and mike are 710
I am still a bit amazed by the via ready brew iced packets.
It's coffee magic.
what's ridiculous is that their action is the very reason they don't want to sit.
Grrrr.
wants to do RealTime analysis.
Lemme just focus on the BUSINESS of things : PLAYER PLAYER : KeyPlayers in IT.
w00t!
well done
Arrived in New Orleans yesterday.
Said Hello 2 a few friends Lou Fischer, Mary Lou Papich, John Clayton, Paris Rutherford, John Clayton...
I laughed today when I saw her.
I was like OH YOU!!!
you're the only person who mentioned SEO, google ranking, word press, etc.
Most useful info we need at sextech2012 Thank you!
how have things been going?
I haven't seen y'all in awhile, poker night needs to happen soon!
Take care
It was.
We had four generations at the table.
Literally doing nothing in each class: The day's going by so fast.
Haha!
Spurs take on the Magic tonight.
Pleased that my buddy is here to see the defeat!!!
Yay!!
We're on Twitter...
Don't make fun of us.
We'll get the hang of it soon.
: It will all work out in the end, you must keep faith in yourself,  leave the rest to God.
ProTip: In Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning Faeblades and Chakrams are a great combo for fighting large groups of enemies up close.
: Take some bold steps of faith and change anything the Lord leads you to change.
I LIKE IT!
I was waiting for a cab after babysitting in Trump Tower tonight and out walked Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas.
Interesting.
Will research more.
Thanks for that!
Contagion  Both thumbs WAY up..
Righteous work, mister Soderbergh.
thanks so much!
Ready for an out of town trip!
Yea, I have a solo it just sucks that I miss so many Saturdays : And I'm going to miss so many days of work in March
Enough business talk...
TIME FOR FROZEN CUSTARD!
Clean sheets are DA BOMB.
that sounds exciting!
I want to know more!
RT : Improvisation is resolving creative tensions in the moment.
John Kao
Dear I hope you take some time to research too...
but if being an asshole means job security for you then enjoy the sinking ship.
That one guy that makes a girl think she will never love someone again and all guys are the same.
We start Monday, May 21...
Floyd Co.'s last day is May 23!
Need Fri night plans?
Special 29 ticket price to if you mention the discount when you call!
HUZZAH!
Officially on summer vacation 
LINT ROLLER!
does he do you like that?
Nice one!
People trip me the fuck out.
Confident that Bing Administration, Detroit City Council  the State will create and implement a responsible restructuring agreement.
Sitting on the patio at an awesome restaurant in TX.
They have played a bunch of times.
In heaven....
Thanks for BayDay , !
Crispclean for the Hive today
Congratulations !
Thank You  gr8
TinCanAPI Great Kickoff guys woot!
thanks for making it all better
When you don't have an iphone and all you see is f'n squares all over twitter :O
Dude !
That's tight!
Where was this at?
Do you TiVo Jeopardy?
Because that would be awesome.
I hope so!
hey how r u today sexy holla at me on Facebook hakim coombs
I have sent her a poisoned Linzer Torte.
Your wish is my Death Cake, madam.
it's even worse in person omg.
whatevss...
Ahaha...
now find everyone else you know!
LOL
We've got Spirit, yes we do!
Welcome to !
Division champs!!!!
Another undefeated season 
New Web Site For GaLuWi is about to launched.
It is headed to the Launch Pad............Get Ready.
The Count Down Has Begun!
TOO MANY CALORIES ALREADY!!!!
superbowlfood runningtomorrow!
saturday needs to get here like now...
Spending Sunday with DC OKeefes.
Happily fulfilling my GREAT aunt duties.
Inspiring to be the young, cool, hip GREAT AUNT.
Thanks new followers : really appreciate the follows.
love to see a pic of this knowing that you are not a doctorss kind of girl.....
Have a great day

There's a reason some people don't make it to our future!
LOL
Crawling up the stairs of the academy
Home made tater tots?
R Gang Eatery in San Diego will comp an order with lunch or dinner if you show your Diversity Card.
Get you card today
Just added my first country song onto Spotify.
It is not just DO DO DO.
It is not just BE BE BE.
It is DOBEDOBEDO.
Amit Goswami
And to think how close I was just last week...
I may have an extra pair ;
I need to send you a text....
Happy 1st Mother's Day Babygirl!
I love you!
Love,.Mommy
Internet Talk show 31511, 1011am.
www.doctorosie.com.
Update on the Black Farmers Lawsuit,.
Stay in the LOOP!
You can take the girl out of DC, but apparently you can't take DC out of the girl...
aww thanks love :
Change of plans, my first video for my return will be a Black Ops 2 First Thoughts.
I'll probably do it tomorrow.
:D
sorry, nicki.
i love you dearly.
but you shoulda done super bassor the remix of single ladies
Loved armywives story line tonight!
Way more meat  less girl fights.
Love smart, sassy NOT catty.
:
Yes, but nature/handling of stories very different given subject.
Ask all who retweeted Joe Pa is dead report when he wasn't.
hey I'm doing ok.
How bout u?
I feel like I'm not really obsessed with lee anymore : I just don't want to forget him!
Shelton gets the bucket and is fouled!
He hits the FT and we are tied again at 83.
How many businessmen have accomplished more than Steve Jobs?
Hopefully Jazzy Jeff can make it to my graduation party.
I don't think I did do that you got me mixed up
dont worry bout haters!
If there only goal in life is to threaten people, i can report them to the police : that simple.
What is numerology?
Is Tom Brady gonna have to smack a bitch
Our main goal is to provide the easiest/convenient/safest way to get lq.
We are a company for college kids by college kids.
It's about you!
Living in the South it's hard to hear good music from home....so I will definitly be on the look out...
Seriously, even though the crowd in Chicago was good at Extreme Rules, my section was lacking.
We are part of the show people.
PLAY ALONG!
32 hours without power.
If youre a grown man at the beach and your tshirt says 'Totally Jawsome', at least tell me where you got it.
good night I have to go to sleep : love you where are you is day ....I hope you have good day
This thunder sounds like we're getting bombed!
You finish that featured user form?
ty.
u to
Solis is working on a new Facebook page CHECK it out and hit LIKE to get things started!
Updates will follow !!!
haha I don't know about monster!
But I practiced some in the off season and I guess Coach Frazier thought I could be OK
if you explode, I bet you'll leave a trail ;
nothing official yet.
Keep eye on May 10th...board meeting set, might know something then.
What's your thinking on the link between diversity and innovation?
it makes me sad to know that since I live in Texas, I can't be a part of the 4 albums in 2 nights extravaganza /:
Thank you so much!
Looking forward to your commentary.
indeed, sisterhood is relative as it is based on the unity and commitments of its members.
What org are you in?
lmfao, i blocked her ass a while ago.
hahaha yeah I'm sure!
That sux!
and t swift, from what i know of
RIP Jim Marshall.
May you rock the clouds out of the sky
Great seeing all my fellow Gents at the Virginian
is back  on the air now for at Noon!
has your forecast!
your choreo was hella challenging!
Probably the hardest choreo I've learned so far!lol
on my way 2 da top....follow me
Mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!!
NaLee2010.com
Before 2012 I Would Love For To Follow Me :'D 3 ..
Experimenting with singing while using asthma inhaler b/c of inflammation.
Kind of a revelation.
O singers, so into our physical equipment.
I am thou
Do you guys sing doowop?
Having a pretty chill day.
Gonna finish it off with some noodles, the little mermaid, and some Nintendo 64.
Day well spent.
Memphis traffic is so random.
now there's 100 ghetto ways to die on the trending page...nice....
Coming up this weekend with  on we have and !!
Trying to talk to my cousin in spanish...Well atleast I think she's my cousin!
lol.
Having a hard time spelling things in spanish!
HELP!
: There are so many p2 bobcats out there!
But it is important that we stick together.
follow me ?
There is absolutely no reason I should wake up to this!
Bottomless Mimosas kick off noon3pm, all red wine tasting, 3 reds for 12.
Chimay Blue beer on Special tooEnjoy
Thank you!
Tomorrow, and his song Breaking Over You will teach my Intermediate ESL students Present Perfect Continuous.
you failed if you were attempting to tag me :P But i love you lex!!!
And this is not where i parked my car!
Also once we get a confirmed date on when the EP will be done we will set up the EP release show.
walking in the middle of the street 33 fun yee :
The only doctorams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake.
You're welcome.
man nobody trying to do nothing I swear LOL
Wow!
Did anyone hit the floor?
Snagajob office tours are about to begin!
Be sure to check out our slide!
Did you know pirate captainins were considered employers of choice  find out soon at Pirate HR.
Testing for HIV  That Scary?
Some things should be known
I'm hot like sauce.
prettylights are bitchin
Tapping out on Bucks presser live tweeting.
is your winner
Small Cute and Furry : and a very dinky pink tongue : Thank you for sharing :
I think it's a CPwide thing :/
you're welcome!
;
oh I have some great opentoe Sorels.
;
Avoiding downtown but have a mad craving for ginger lemonade after this gorgeous day.
When are you back out on the streets?
is any prompt that gets me to write from a place of joy and inspiration.
I guess you knew that God wanted me to hear this.
I am not liking my 18 year old these days.
Please pray for us.
Thank you
missed you this week!
Layover in Dallasdid you really grow up here?
She will never pass Jessie and other strong participants.
U just blew a very strong one.
GOOD LUCK 2 U LOOSER
Signs don't elect politicians, results do!
Melo please bring the Knicks back :/
Traveling 2 my new home.
Almost didn't answer the phone on purpose.
Solving work problems on the road.
Congratulations as you both I'm sure are so proud and happy
Just saw Francis Ford Coppola's 'Tetro' and am feeling all weird now.
pineapple express literally.
Don't let school get in the way of your education.
I also have a free book up on Amazon and would LOVE a little reweet action!
good point.
just more hate than good.
also, i still love you both, regardless of the haters 3
my man pau gasol...
what was that move after you got fouled and made the shot?
hahahaha...
just saw one of stupid billboards.
what is wrong with these people?
girl u are the shit!
You have the best body I've seen in a while or maybe ever!!
Please follow back, would love 2 talk!
I will alert the AZ authorities that you two are on route.
Bout to get sandusky'd by this final.
Who's that lady standing there in the red doctorss?!?
She should get off her cell phone.
you can stalk me.
I'll just pretend like I don't see you in those bushes :p
So what are you doing this weekend?
See you there
TREY IM BEING NICE YOU CAN STAY HERE I WONT HAVE SEX WITH YOU WHILE YOUR ASLEEP im gonna be mad if im nice and ur not
Nameless by wiz describes me perfectly
Have you read any karen kingsbury books?!
I'll do one if you do one...
thanks for the RT!
k I'm fake
Follow back Bakare!
is a god among men
Missing my other half like crazy!!!!!
replacebandnameswithbacon The Devil Wears Bacon xD
Ugh I Forgot My Snacks :
WOW, at the age of 55, GayJesus just meowed like common house cat.
CT?
Or Rhode Island?
Pictures.
I believe so but you should do it!!
Watching prince of persia.
I know it's a little late but this movie is alot better than I expected.
Go Disney!!
Agreed.
Arts need benchmarks too!
RT : I dont see art museums or even just museums represented in the 44 orgs
Sprained knee for Otule mubb hope it's a quick recovery
I voted for you and called all my friends and they voted for you too.
Your eyes are so sexy.
That smile makes me melt.
There aren't reserved parking places on the blacktop, so stop vandalizing all the cars that are in your spot
Happy Mothers Day to all the MFiles mommys!
If you haven't yet, go give your mommy a HUGE hug!
:
RT : Thanksgiving Gratitude  Love
amen, party in heaven bro!!!
Men: educate yourself about the Word and what things mean so when you have kids you can pour some wisdom into 'em.
Congrats to and Connie, winners of the ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway!
We're looking forward to working with you!
Being followed in the halls...
They can just say hi!
Appreciate the props, Anthony!
Adam Richman is one sexy man
Good night.
Shoutout to my new follower: THANK YOU!!
So you must also have been taken aback that there was a link to a photo.
zing Stop, you're killing me.
RT : you haven't seen that thing in 30 years, your gut is too big
While she was up there saying that Black Women ain't shit!
Uh your talking abt his mom grandma sisters.
While he laughed in stupidity!
Okay Clevelanders, if you went down to the new HoreshoeCasino, how much money did you loose?
D
UW Madison Pulls Don't Go Video It's still online.
Do you think the video is going to stop anybody?
Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
WAIT WHAT
Wow Jordan went a little too crazy updating my tweets every second....
Sorry for the newsfeed blow up.c:
1DNewEnglandContest Jen is muh queen, worship at your feet for having this contest
No school for me tomorrow, I'm so happy I can just cry right now.
RT : Support talented artists on the rise!
Love the take on the !
Feeling prettier already.
And of course right on cue the shift hurts them.
I should've never said anything.
Man I wouldn't shake his hand with a broke hand.
Most probably, BUT I also could have saved the money I had to use for a masseuse.
Lol I understand I don't really fuck with this joint either
The Bo I know would have run all the way back to the beginning then to the end again, just to taunt the D.

here I thought I was off the hook ; seriously, we can submit our slides.
Er, when's the deadline?
True..I like his whole take care cd though
I need a buddy.
Just to hang with on the week days after work  on weekends when Ian got shit tuh do.
Ya know.
Amazing service as usual, gosh I love volunteering at my church so much beautiful worship and people God is God
shouldn't be the only motive!
Excited to be at Apple St Farm for farm dinner  Festival of Tomatoes!
NGL i love my name
Schools boring right now.
Why do people jump with Blake Griffin?
...making schools better cannot be an excuse not to redistribute wealth and end poverty.
Temptation, a woman's weapon and a man's excuse
Papelbon.....you left that pitch way too high!
did you hear about the latest rule passing?
That percentage is bound to increase now.
prepares to go to Prom.
Can't remember which flavor of 20/20 is the formal flavor.
they are all formal appropriate.
uh They cant be ugly or they have to be sweet Not no jerks I date 16,17,18 year old they have to love me no other girl but mee
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
A big congratulations to Mason McIlwee!
Officially on board for our Fall Program in Dublin this year!
Chelski to Europa?
I think so!
Addicted2Twilight11: Kristen Stewart doesn39;t apply herself as being ...
high five where's the champagne?I guess we're expecting baby austins ; Oh wait.
Pregnant  No alcohol and gang bang parties
ok if you say so and I will too what about math
acupuncture  meds for sinus issues!!
Trust me!!
Haven't had a sinus infection since I started going  Neti potting!!
I luv it!!
So sweet!
you can code faster if you don't measure, in the same way you can doctorve faster by closing your eyes and pressing on the gas pedal
I actually thought he was joking.
I had to ask today to be sure though.
Omg so many pages in this contract to read!
:/ looking forward to lunch with a bowl of Pho!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW I LOVE YOU ZAYN : MY ONLY WISH IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME !
AND I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST GAL ON EARTH  3
Pink Flamingos and Hairspray, two of his bestknown films, will be featured in our very own Newcomb Theater as part of the !
Been the case for awhile.
203k is key.
Buyers can't find a perfect house.W/203k they find a good house  make it great!
Join us tonight for Chris Robinson Brotherhood,with Chris Robinson from The Black Crowes Doors  7pm Tickets are 20.00 at the door.
Need a list of folder titles and associated container numbers.
CSV/TSV doesn't matter; goal is to get it into Excel.
Hey!
I have a tweet limit so you can tweet me hrereee
Thanks!
We need all the help we can get : cc
We weren't focussed on the data, we were focussed on what to do with it.
Josh James, founder of Omniture and now founder of DOMO
happy birthday:
RT : Very weird that Pat Bowlens car is parked outside.
He usually parks it in the garage / car is in garage.
Hey Baby!

need to be SLEEP !
According to the survivors, no.
Thanks for the mention!
Shostakovich 5 this week!
so excited to play one of the most badass symphonies of all time, and to finally work with Neeme Järvi!!
Can't wait to read about our new game Bayou Blast  , and
American Furniture Warehouse is giving out free toys at the home and garden show
Congrats on the job!
And yeah, Ravens have quality DBs and RL52 so that should help young guys adjusting with pass rush.
Ready for this test
I'll slip it into the conversation ; xoxo
I'm just trying to give you light they just trying to leave you blind
Hello twitter!!
:D haven't been on here in 4ever!
Good to be back for about 4 days!
Lol
Enjoying the rare opportunity to watch a Badgers game...
My Man!!!!
Guess Who's Back N Doin It Bigger Then Ever!!
Yours Truly, Mike Mo!!
'Still Got It' video is so cute!
OomfNeedsTo give me that rock dick :
You're welcome!
It takes all of us to make a difference when it comes to
Just witnessed an accident w an elderly couple  man in a big truck.
Pray w me 4 all involved.
Lost and insecure.
You found me.
3
givingshow Reginald Jones of Steans Family Foundation.
Tend to be riskaverse.
How do we evaluate innovative proposals?
possibility I see that alone as well.
At Tinseltown because I can blend into the crowd and nobody will notice my aloneness
Long day tomorrow I gotta go
Who is that fuckin idiot on Sports Nation saying the Spurs will get docked by the Thunder like the Lakers?
Fuckin asshole idiot.
Best part about shitty things happening on shitty days?
It doesn't ruin a otherwise non shitty day.
You're welcome to ours.
Gran Torino...
Learn about life and death...
and how to love people who love you...
I'd come see you, but I have a puppy to hang out with and a frozen pizza to eat.
yeah.
I haven't played in a week.
It's ridiculous
Pop / Pop punk bands email me!
!
Happy Labor Day to all of my Grenada and Panama fam!
I would watch Krusty's Komeback Klassic for a 32GB right now!
playAlphabot Woah K that ain't good!
LOL, you know what we need to do, completely unrelated, but, do the 50 things to get kicked out of walmart, lmaoo
I've got 3 which is good for quick pitch night.
I'd love to get you guys in for a full night.
Pitch  lessons learned
RT : Q2 What benefits does performance support provide that formal programs often fail to deliver?
Well...
Coach Hoke has another classy post game interview!
There is a beautiful light grid of Abundance that encircles this planet.
Take a deep breath and ask your angels to connect you to it.
Pacquiao leaves for Los Angeles for more training
What the hell is happening to my phone ...
it is our ability to adjust to the circumstances that makes us more fluid in the flow of life.
are you having trouble adding users to a digressit install you have on your server or on digress.it site?
get the  first then do it
Man said imma be in a music video
What photographer are you using for baby's 1st year?
I've been researching  still trying to make my decision.
Any recs?
My candidate knocked if out of the park 2nite at the candidate forum!
Uh...
Yeah.
I decided to do something different with it, as any human with an opinion and a bit of creativity is able to do.
?
I'm putting ikea stuff together and getting the house in order.
Lunchtime.
Food trucks outside on 8th.
Cyberdogs across the street, across corner.
I heart  that is all.
And yes I'm a TheVoice dork :
It looks like they can't get they're bets in fast enough on Michigan.
Keep on doctorving that line up there please.
Post Production time
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do.
Think of something appropriate and do it..
Benefit reading for Allen Hagler on Tuesday at 7.
Come help a good friend.
Three is Company too!
Hey dude...
Long time.
How're things?
so i'm cleaning..yay..
You just need to pick new sports teams RT I hate life
ugh twitter wants to hook me up with my ex?
Advantages of lib arts for DH?
Close relationships btw undergraduates and faculty to collaborate on research
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 49
Happy hump day!!!!
Thanks to for speaking, for sponsoring, and for hosting last night's event.
Hope everyone had fun!
Going out to Myra's Dionysus tonight...
last chance to see my art show there!
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect.
Donuts.
Can i sleep over if not my mom can pick me up
Ever been to the in San Diego?
It's a must see.
Sleeping in till noon.
Oh yeah.
:D going to be a good day.
Worrying is taking responsibility for things God never intended you to have.
yeah I know.
Maybe we should quite a song we know.
Fun Layout!
Really liked it.
Please keep me posted on your success!
still sifting through my notes from the conference.
What an awakening!
B.
Smith's is always a safe bet in my book...
is another favorite.
Don't sleep through brunch!
I know right?
Fucking with my emotions
Have been on a FSF jag and had to reread ZELDA too.
It's better/worse every time.
...and the games begin!
I love fun clients ;
Lettuce is bullshit
It's about time RT : .
you must be so proud of
We will provide you directly with a competitive rate quote as well as a good faith estimate at no obligation  with no upfront fees.
Thank you  the rest of the Senate Dems for fighting for our environment this evening.
Calling 1 4524077 will actually put you through to the Hogwarts Hotline, where you can learn more information about the school.
RT : As a Libra you need to choose someone with a lot of patience to deal with your contrary behavior.
I had a dumb Chinese scooter, it was a pos.
But that one is super cute!
i miss cleveland already..
i'm living in youngstown until further notice.
:
Oh!
I wasn't expecting rain!
For some reason, I'm genuinely confused by this turn of events.
Omg my phishafterparties article on came up in my Google alerts!
Go check it out, only 5 days til ohkeepahmsg!
apply for cataloging job in ireland?
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
We continue to file appeals, so our clients will be among the 1st to have hearing if Judge maintains the status quo in conf on Tuesday 1/10
Okay, great!
and I liked the Merle theory.
This kind of bummed me out.
Protect your identity at Saturday's Shredathon
Nice photo!
In resting mode after my trip to NYC went to circle of sisters lot of fun
Off to work on this lovely weather:
it don't matter wenever u get outta scoo idc
The crochet break relief is wearing off...
This is torture
Boise St.
looks pretty unspectacular in 2821 win over weak Tulsa team
Why is It so cold!
Wtf bi polar ass weather.....
Still goin out tonight tho' :
You can do it!
When you accidentally retweet or favorite some lame ass tweet.
I pretty much did!
Ask Nicole!!
I was on the phone with her like 5 minutes after it happened!!!!
:DD
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
Jason Wu for Target is already here and gone online.
Picked up a few kittyprint items; going to the store to find the navy doctorss tomorrow!
If everyone could have a friend like Real life, she is my best friend.
Cant Wait To See My Boys Again Tho .
3
how is letting someone keep more of their own money a handout?
I hate myself
you forgot the pink one.
nope you a wherever you living nowan!
It's okay Jordan Schafer.
All those HGH positive tests and doctorg busts would make me mad too.
MT : BLS confirms that data Scott Walker is using for his revised jobs figures has not been verified or reviewed

Great blog!
Very similar to ways we try to help our clients with office leasing.
Check out 'Charity Outreach on our site
need an assistant?
:
Is anyone doctorssing up for SOTG2011?
Who has the blonde wigs!?
where were all of my friends getting these UK ATL tickets?
Internet.
Good Friday!
We're open today and tomorrow.
Come see us!
BoFlex has been sold
This is precisely where we are headed as libraries.
Wonderful photos!
ME TO
aye bro we doin this Dallas Most Wanted album get at me for da buinsess side beats we kan send for u to check out
heck yeah!
They are addicting
LOL indeed, but at the same time it keeps the life blood flowing.
We're all subject to the same judgement in the end, so why point fingers instead of shaking hands?
BREAKING: has been named special Ambassador to Columbia
RT : It's like a poem!
memorizing PRESENT Troilus  Cressida opening January 13th
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who made Friday's conference such a success!
A team of heritage masons, material scientists and historic masonry specialists were privileged to work at the MIT Main Group Bldg No.
2
RT : It's unofficially PUPPET WEEK here at Creative Alliance.
Friday night plans: 1.
Buy six pack of beer.
2.
Play the hell out of Batman: Arkham Asylum.
RESURRECTION The Album doctorpping in a couple of weeks.
PriestHood Family coming out with our Hands UP
For every disciplined effort, there are multiple rewards.
J Rohn ..1 seed yields many fruits!
What seeds of discipline are you planting?
Effective leadership is putting first things first.
Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
Stephen Covey
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why, Cause you are on my mind, I want to know you feel it
I go hard, like your girls nipples.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
John Mayer ruined our day!
w3dge12 forgot to mention yesterday that came to DC to help us prep for our Twitter launch.
Thanks Mike!
tweet who chloe
Let's see how Tom Lawlor's entrance is this time.
um why ?
Buying slushies during lunch
no problem!
what's goody old friend?
April's theme will be The people shall govern, which is the national month to mark the first democratic elections in South Africa.
Love when my iTunes is on random and comes on
Not back when we had good old fashioned assumption of risk doctrine.
We weren't always under the 2nd Rstmt of Torts.
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Without their music this would not be possible!
Okay, I've had these stitches in my shoulder since nine and I am about to rip them out.
:
I would vote for just because of his witty tweets.
You need a great sense of humor to survive in this business.
yes!
It's a BSR Elite.
I love Ken Smith!
I missed talking to him.
absolutely.
keep it up.
great job up there today.
Due to lightening in the area, the game is halted in the bottom of the fifth with South Alabama leading FIU 51.
Student seriously spelled even her own name wrong on her assignment.
Sigh.
doctoramed I had been given an ipad by my mom.
Woke up feeling disappointed in my doctoram life
My faith in President Obama is unerring.
I think he is a splendid human being.
The job is daunting but he stays steady.
Not that it matters anymore but get Crawford's pathetic ass out of this game.
I went to Charles Village Pub yesterday.
I think everyone there had sex later that night.
Doctor Stalker ;
Facebook will have this fight I believe.
keep doing ya thing lil bro's God's blessings are shining on ya.

You need to join the gal pals for Wed night bread  brew crew soon!!
Happy Mother's Day to some very awesome ladies!!
hahaha yeah that didn't help either!
you sure?
; RT : good afternoon, I'm a real person!
i heard he was playing with his dingdong, but is that right??
haha okay maybe not malware but still  no bueno
Teachers Sarah A./1grade  Lauren T./Art w/ Wildflower Elementary waiting 2 meet ColoradoSprings Donate/Volun
Good question.
Answer depends entirely on each company.
We'd like to think that's the only kind of people we hire.
everything is so much
I think the UT clock tower just flipped you back.
Have a safe doctorve home.
Happy Birthday Breakfast...looking to enjoy the rest businessfree and stressfree.
It is time to chop off heads
hmm very interesting...
I wonder why this is..does a visual median have to do with it?
I am not sure that Kung Fu Panda 2 is any less horrifying than the Human Centipede.
Can someone explain to me why people are up in arms about now?
Haven't they been wearing those ridiculous outfits for years?
This one is on Peter...
How the fuck do you not bring your best player on until the 83rd fucking minute?
Both locations are very busy today!
I would suggest calling in advance if you are going to come!
We are trying to coordinate a huge campaign for cannabis.
Could we count on you to help participate digitally?
Alan Thicke!
Swag me!!
thank u love 
A for effort!
Have a good one
Unintentional mistakes are often the one that makes a huge impact .
Happy First Day of Spring / Spring Equinox!
Let the sun shine into your life.
Sunday morning burst of inspiration: can we have an explorers book club?
Northpoint update: 5 min wait for restroom  foodcourt so crowded people r eating in restroom waiting area.
Yeech!
Same here MT : If I turn into 1 of these columnists who make you want to stab your eyes out with cartoonishness, pls kill me.
Our short film Just Like the Movies got accepted into the Indie Spirit Film festival in Colorado Springs!!
Woop woop
lol yeah I'm reading it!!
It's already sad.
with my bbg
Just got to Skype with and .
Miss those two a ton!
Truthfully, niggas making this too easy
Good boy.
Support for their release coming out soon
Be tenacious, beat Ignatius!!!
Its time was up in 2001
You are beautiful.
Dont let anyone tell you otherwise.
If they do it is just because theyre jealous of how beautiful you are
Hey!
We have a show tomorrow at the KEYNOTE CAFE in Jeanette!
Doors open at 5:30 and the show starts at 6.
Try to make it out :D
I hate people, i hate talking about my feelings, so leave me alone.
In the Milwaukee area?
Be sure to check out salon!
Great atmosphere  they run fab specials
Interested in a film production career?
Listen to my radio show, Question Reality today at 5:00 PM on LA Talk Radio, Channel 1.
Labor Weekend Officially Starting yahhhhhh
Good answer!
And glad to hear it.
RT Excited about LUCIANO confirmed!!
Sun May 20 reggae  we'll be filming and live streaming
First successful U.S.
newspaper, the Boston NewsLetter, formed today in 1704.
Publishers relied on the post for out of town distribution.
see you feeling it to.
Don't cha wanna dance, don't you wanna dance with me baby?
BlueRock would like to welcome our new intern Paul and a shout out to Joey and Louis our current interns.
It reminds me of that kid Rufus, kid with excuses on so random.
haha.
too.
Nice to be an early follw
Kinda.
You'll find your way.
I think Ima be late to second.
Fudge it.
he also said Flacco didn't outplay Brady in this years Champ game because Brady had a bad game...as if that means joe didn't
Hes had flashes of brilliance getting my hopes up only 2 squash them w/ huge slumps.
I dont get excited when he's up anymore
Our awesome interns started this morning!
Looking forward to cosupervising them with
That plastic band aid stuff is kinda cool.
Covering you in happy white light and pink bunny moments!;
I AM WRITING A BOOK, I'M SO HAPPY I'M ALMOST DONE WITH IT, I CAN'T WAIT TIL IT GET PUBLISHED.
: Already talk in the Dodger front office about adding players this summer, on SportsCenter UNNNH!
ues it bothers me to I just feel for the girls they shouldn't see their mom get beat!
Hey, can you be 13 to go to the taping of ABDC?:
Assumptions are the Achilles heel of contextual inquiry.
They all operate on about 1/5 of the manpower remotely necessary for smooth operation, for one.
thank you for the RT!
Merry Christmas and God bless!
I'm off for my first look ever into our Wilkie Collins manuscript collection.
Read Woman in White last year and loved it.
Thanks for sharing this, Clarissa.
Brave and inspiring.
The last three sentences are stunningly on point!
Thanks!
Enjoy that early20s metabolism while you got it.
whatifindattractive a man with manners
Starting to see why the Astros are in last in the NL Central.
They field like the Bad News Bears and pitch like a belly itcher.
Wow picked in the end zone.
NICE!!!
Just ate a 1lb burger :D
Thanks for the good wordxpro 1 is on its way.
Super psyched.
PS Love the Arabia Mt.
photos.
grammys : Even Lady Gaga thought that the Niki Minaj number was offensive and sacrilegious.
I  Max Russo.
Lebron may have a bunch of money but I have a hair line that isn't receding.
I just RT'ed it
He will find away to blame bush for it
emailed Attorney General Martha Coakley regarding unethical business practices Boston Daily Deals
Just landed in Amsterdam.
Adventure awaits.
Break through your neighbor's fence with a turkey dinner.
That's how you enter his gates with thanksgiving.
I can send you over some more info on the options for if you like.
What's a good email addoctorss?
Wow sounds unb elievable !
I am coming in for that !
Tonight marks the last Girls' Night Out for spring 2012!
Join us tonight  Vanderbilt Univ.
7:30pm/Wilson Hall/Rm 103  Admission is free!
Watching videos.
Listening to his music just makes me very happy!!
Judging someone's decisions are easy when the choice was not yours to make.
thank you Carl!!
308 tweets and 308 followers...
308 is the magic number.
oh tanks :3
okay kid, one more lame dubstep song or lil wayne song and you're getting all the metal i got cranked the whole way up
Well awesome for you that have never been called out.
ok!
thx for not laughing at my dumb joke....
Looks Good Enjoy!
: Productive day : How be thee?
Smiling?
:D Productive as well, thanks!
Nigga on twitter crying , then said we bitch made boy you complain bout everything , ok though .
lol
this one made me LOL.
Don't let the rain stop you from coming out.
1 blue moons start NOW!!
right!
That's what I kept experiencing.
I.e.
if u open via mobile it forces u to download the image.
Tried to learn html lol...
That's awesome!
I did volunteer recruitment  management for Catholic Charities in Nola.
What area of librarianship are you in?
Haha.
I always hear that from straight men.
What's the deal, man?
Plus, you don't call.
You don't write.
Sheesh!
tonight it's the worlds biggest firmans parade in Winchester as part of the Apple Blossom festival.
Americans with hidden offshore accounts have until Aug.31 to come forward voluntarily and report the to the I.R.S.
in exchange for penalties
good bye rushers i can't deal anaymore w/ my 4 bullies
I wish I had another burger.
A3: Wieners Circle!
Bring the kids!
:
happy Easter to you too 3
I'm so busy, I have to order pizza.
Some marketers fail because they don't understand their target market  build funnels that don't work for them
Talk about a manic monday!
via : Moved the floor under the chairs...
then managed to delete the floor.
Good news is the stuff is there.
Love little Reese!!
Please give her a big birthday hug from me and put some extra goodies in her purse :
Iwill Never forget.
I did hear that one, super sick
You must give in order to get.
Diner: I come all the time and Jason the owner knows me.
Me: I'll be sure to let him know you came by.
Marcia Bates blows us away  the ISs are a metadiscipline that can actually unify us.
it is truly amazing how many volunteers I still see working everyday!
Thank you for the FF!
Ian, come get your special poster next time you're downtown!
I put you up to a challenge without you even noticing and you failed at that it show's what kind of girl you are the kind that doesnt care
congratsjustin so surprised to see you!!
Attending the After After Party filming tonight, hosted by , Steven Michael Quezada.
Join us!
will be providing wardoctorbe.
!!
I saw that one a while ago, but before I knew who she was.
A rewatch doesn't render the hiccups any less hilarious.
Walking through universal and comes on..
jammin iyiyi
movie time:
I hate how, someone likes me more than I like them.
It's Insurance: Extreme Edition
Hahahaha oh god
yeah, he certainly had an interesting way to lead.
But build Ateams he did.
Thursday Pollen Count  9.6 out of 12..
Constant  seasonally normal weather conditions stabilize pollen concentrations outside.
Smh some people can be straight up disrespectful .
.
It's all fun  games until you realize your capri sun has no straw..
People always let you down?
Why don't you forget them and do something for yourself?
You don't have to be in Texas to love KXT.
Check 'em out and feel the love!
follows please go and follow my best friend :
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them.
:P
Omg stop texting me....you're getting really annoying
Kershaw is done after 7 innings
career.
so DO IT.
okay, that is all:
TONIGHT: RevolutionSaturdays Hosted By: Sounds By:  2 x 1 doctornks Reservations:
GoTribe Hey, guess who's still in 1st place in the AL Central?
that's how we do!
lmfao u safe by the airport bro lol
A clean, bright, healthy complexion is the result of facials done on a regular basis.
Men, this means u 2!
that's when you write my number on his receipts.
Duh, Rob.
;
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 8
I can neither confirm nor deny that I licked the Gum Wall.
But I can confirm that I poured hand sanitizer down my throat.
Haha!!!
No, just Nutria sound disgusting to eat.
Can we get a Palm Springs trip together?
I say YES!
hi babycakes!!!
I love you big much and hope you enjoyed Chronicle as much as i did
And by three words, I mean four.
Just tucking into my first cup of coffee.
Besides its potency, it's also the only substance shown to activate the SIRT1 longevity gene in clinical research.
I don't believe in tl;doctor
Tune into Classical 94.5 WNED right now to hear Peter Hall interview Joshua Bell about his concert with the BPO this weekend!
That's all we would be hearing forget the haters it's really going to suck after the lock out when we come back and repeat then Teddy can
I think some people are spreading rumors.
D;
is a natural yogini!
Thanks for watching Sorry to bother you.
:
bring your own mom?
Lol.
Probably around 6 it's on a Saturday.
Hopefully we get the jams this week
youtube in class bored
studio with doza,tryna doctorp a track or 2 tonight
The GSA suspended an employee award program cited by congressional investigators for exceeding spending limits.
that's your own fault!
You knew when you went there where that was headed..lol!!
dont worry about someone who doesnt worry about you.
Thanks to you I now have Shady  KI ringtone!
Yay!
I'm wearing a freemasons freemason jacket at this party and he's mad salty.
I wonder why....
das what they call me on ze weekend;p
you  my sister are like twins lol  she's like in love with you c:
Uh oh, I hear voices giggling...
It's too early!
Follow Mee !
ii need followers !!
PLEASE
Watching Mad Men just really makes me wish I was born in the 60s
28 followers already....
Help me get to 100 by the end of the week!!!!!!
I dont know who that is, but hes a genius
The Bean, Sears Tower, shopping and whatever else today.
And then tonight I'm going to 's book signing for LONE WOLF.
:
Its hot as fuck :
Like forreal, I can't say thank you enough.
Lmao.
It's a weird, but good feeling!
that's probably as much as they're gonna be.
I don't think they'll be more than that.
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
: Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party!
Williams, Robin
yeah me too!
sorry i was showing my mam some shoes and then ate apple pie!
i got to go tweet you tomorow BYE!
xx
Just met a guy working for Doppelmayr, the ski lift company, in Brazil.
Rio is working on installing gondolas to service favelas!
Never easy....
Do I always have to text you firsit 
That joke never gets old!
Casino time
Randy Jones Sports Grill is PACKED with Aztec fans!!
Standing room only!
IBelieveThatWeWillWin!!
: if I lived on the bayou IDE be kickin it wit jpaul ctchin 15 footers your damn straight on that
want to do a 5k at the end of may?
Looks like they're refinishing the stage in Capi.
Which is like gold plating dog crap.
You have something gold, but its still crap.
Hip moko faal, Hop moko fooli.
Congrats.
The job is just starting though, please senegal stand up door war!
follow me and remember me, that we the best.
Can students or alumni contribute to WolfWalk?
; this negro playing w/ my emotions, black people can't never plan shit correctly.
So, my hopes to play Diablo 3 keep getting 37'ed so It looks like this constant internet connection model is gonna screw me over...
You are very welcome.
Thanks for the compliment.
Have you had a chance to check out our site and create a professorle?
Thoughts?
All day...
Lol RT : that lady's video on YouTube still has me crackin' up!!!
You're welcome ; Please follow back.
We have many Frederick County students and staff.
So about to do something doctorstic to my hair but I'm not cutting it.
Marvels aat a town that informs you of the grade of syrup in your maple soft serve
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros.
No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her
Donald Trump has just reversed his endorsement of Mitch Romney, stating..The Donald now endorses Tracy Jordan.
So if all I do is grind  never sleep, then how the hell am I suppose to meet the girl of my doctorams?
Clippers have had chances to make the Spurs get real uncomfortable these last 3 trips.
One of those sequences you forget on box score.
Thanks, , for talking up with !
Adding knowledge of the legal environment to list of skills for hum.
data curators?
I've never been to London!
Sounds like a fun vacation for me and the Family!
great line up.
Just finish a few Misery Bay.
I don't know if the dms I send you are legal to be read in public on Twitter..
I say WTF, but Sarah Palin?
She should say Heavens to Betsy.
HEY.
GUESS WHAT?
I LUFF YEW.
NW Atl.
Tip look young as hell
come see us at the show again.
We loved having you on TMI Live!
Stonehill39;s Nick Smith new Assumption AD
Is it great for the pharmacist or the patient?
who likes it?
I'm curious...has anyone ever kept track of how many times in ONE day you've used Google?
oh nothing..nothing at all..where you crashing?
How fast can I type/write a newsletter
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during an exam?
Sincerely, every student.
College: Report: Kansas' Sims arrested on DUI charges Kansas Jayhawks junior running back James Sims was arrested early Sunday morning o
heard it brodie
watch Smash faithfully, todays shoot airs in 3 weeks and she is something else here, Tonight on NBC, Smash is all new.
Accidently setting you're alarm to 7 AM after you woke up at 6:30 AM the day before absolutely sucks
mine has not done it in a while..
it gets annoying 
oh my gosh 13k in the rain?!
Stay warm!
Day off in NYC.
Anyone have any must sees that they'd suggest?
Things we can learn from the Book of Daniel.
Decide in advance to have purity and integrity in your work.
Tonight is the night!
The Marquis Hill Blacktet feat.
Sarah Marie Young LIVE at Red Kiva!
See you there!
Show starts at 7:30 PM!
Counting down the days for the National Equality March.
Ready to have LOTS queer youth voices be heard!!!
2 things about this restaurant: the toilet seat has controlled temperature capabilites, and they play klezmer music in between Rihanna songs
11 or so new ideas are all on tape.
a little this or that still to be done.
next, rehearsals!
Our 1914 icebox sits over a 3lb lead sheet w/an old well beneath.
Walls may be lined w/tin, zinc, cork, seaweed, other....
I'm busy raging in the sahara tent.
Dan Akroyd has webbed feet.
Happy Birthday Glenis Dee look forward to seeing you at the Maryland Dancesport Championships
TWITTER MAKE U FEEL FAMOUS...
DONT IT?!
ha
oh no!
Total waste
Has finished a new Rock House DVD.Arpeggio Madness is complete!
look out for Rusty Cooley's awesomest Instructional product to ever release!
Brewers making me vomit rt now.
And now Braun is hurt.
This season is F'd.
hi!!
It will be up any day now!
THANK YOU for the support!!
It will be posted on tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
I've always wondered why there's not a banana Emoji...
There are people still complaining about Obama's Nobel Prize, and they expect to be taken seriously.
This bothers me.
askmewhy!
you can text me too 
I spent 1 hour Bicycling.
557 calories burned.
Seems like platforms will emerge to enable that ...
Yes.
Don't quite remember where I read it, but I recall seeing say as much in the past.
Only real significant New Deal accomplishment of 2nd term is 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act, and that's mostly a cong.
creation.
Question of the Day: What song should I sing at the Inbound2012 Karaoke Party?
lol okay!
You know how it is.
When you call me beautiful3
think I'm gonna stay at the friendly confines
I am loyal to those who have placed their trust in me.
Even with a deep sense of commitment to be successful, I use good moral judgment.
that's good:
sick as fck I hope camilla beat her ass lol
Don't assume anything...
dilemma throwback frfr early high school memories
So just sayin...did espn just jinx Lohse?
Showed the only opening day no hitter stat and then Jose gets a hit!
empty jars should be the new wine glasses
Lol your welcome, so hey!
Started planning for a new project...excited :
TPAIN?
Thats great news!
Let's talk soon about visuals and next video shoot.
Whats deadline for TPain?
Damn hoe yo nail polish look old as u
You're like the coolest celebrity mom Ever!
You're so grounded and you didn't let fame attract you!
Well here we go again...
Lack of commitment!
7:30 CDST, you shoulda knocked back 56 by now.
Talk to she'll get you straightened out!
fomo ?
Furious homo?
Across the street from the new amazon site.
Maybe cooling towers for AWS?
Happy Anything Can Happen Tuesday, the philosophy that each day is just a little better then the last..
The rescinded CP3 trade was the beginning of the end for the Lakers.
Pau was a ghost last night.
: i miss miami mansion/myntlife come back
What is forgiven is usually well remembered.
Jared Leto's eyes are prettier in person.
People, there is no need to yell to talk to a person right beside you
Thanks.
Just looked this up.
I just discovered Chinua Achebe thanks to
Just finished mixing the 3 demos.
They sound pretty okay!
RT : It's not the Truth we can't handle.
It's forgiving the lie.
Will Nesbitt, The Inner Seed
Watching FRIENDS ZONE damn this show is totally awesome :
I for one will wear tights happily.
Will I see you tomorrow at Skinny's for the librarian doctornkup?
Ladies and gentlemen.
This is macadelic.
You MOTHERFUCKER.
Ah nowplaying Loud.
Haha lol wierdo im listening to I remember me by jenifer h.
on da tv...
da station channel :
Poynter's Iron Pit is taking over this town, What's these pansy gyms gonna do now?
noo dont doctorp out!!
your what makes the class funny!
i think yall are hilarious!:
is ready for Cinco de Mayo too.
We'll have 5 margaritas!
Got 1 here as well.
Jello Shots anyone!!!
Yea tailgate at the house!!!
haha put some hot sauce on him first
hey Charlie, turns out I work with a friend of yours Andoctor Houston
Welcome to the day runners get the right of way.
My love extended his stay here in MI!!!
I love him :
greinke waved the no trade when the brewers added marcum last year.
could he be waiting for more of a commitment to winning?
Happy Australia day
YES!
is the BEST!!
RT I think a little bird told me that.
How awesome.
rocks, doesn't it?
11:11 I wish would follow me :
Thanks for the shout out.
Hope you follow back so we can have some good interaction :
The Celtics are too smart for the Sixers.
Basketball IQ will be the difference in this series.
Wow.
On Wednesday, I made reservations for 12:30 pm.
Hope they honor the reservation, even if I don't get the specialer deal.
I am looking forward to the monday nighter vs Denver and also the game vs Pitt on the road.
Finna call and check on adoctorenna
you mean cause u follow all those 128 ppl???right
Cheers , have a great weekend.
Protestors demand higher taxes which go to the very people they are protesting against.
Where is the logic in that?
enjoy the night out with Lil sister
I been chilling.
How u been.
Follow the band!
can't wait until her phone actually works with Twitter and she doesn't have to update every four days.
Totally agree with both of you.
Couldn't tear my ipad away, but I MUST have my mbp.
Susan
yes, but a temp mistake, so many were coming through that it looked liked spam to servers
More than likely, no.
Took a top 5 finish in my golf tourney today!!
He stepped out!
Good nite twitter I have basketball practice in the morning with and
The face of an angel.
Just wrote a 2 page paper on my booty.
It was all about how I want a bootylishous booty like my teacher ;D lmao
im going to buy her album in the future
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never ever have enough.
Unfortunately, mainstream politicians on both sides of the aisle seem to continue to embrace/defend NCLB.
But Meryl may walk away with it.
Great meeting you in London!
Lets keep in touch bro!
Bt I'm kinda sleepy thinkin I should go to sllep lol
The way you can tell I don't pay attention with the world is I just found out ryan dunn is dead
You're getting everything you deserve lol.
I forgot how much I love FEAR the record.
It was stolen along with a book of cd's one Coachella many years ago in Indio, CA.
Will the doctorft make military more egalitarian?
Is this a poor mans war fighting to keep everyone safe here in the US?
Los Angeles CA: I will be at the LIFE celebration tonight on Wilshire.
If you are there, come up and say hi.
Fair enough.
My secondary motivation is personal doc work and unfortunately the Epic is just a little too pricy for that.
Wow, lichtenstein's sleeping girl is worth 30 million bucks.
RT : Going out tonight?
Dine at Meritage  25 of your total bill goes to Make a difference for kids with
im in thomasville sweets
thanks for the followback Cris : xoxo
haha cant wait too listen in the morning so u can give chuck a tebow slap lol
you just got my hopes up damnit.
Amen!
I'll take any car, doesn't have to be a town car.
: Someone should make an uber clone that isn't über expensive
Late tweet but I meet afterschool.
:
You should homie!
Aren't most big event sales corp purchases?
RT : Is Thunder such a hot ticket because owner's company bought so many tickets?
when can we expect SRT to work its magic?
help me spread the word of 28 year old missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
Just caught a private showing of up.
Really amazing and touching.
Pixar has done a great job.
See it!
Reviewers don't lie!
Dear Yelp, it's called an update.
Sincerely, my eyes
And just hours after your post and my adding the photo.
Twilight zonish....
the family.
We are going out to eat somewhere nice
Having Manu Chao stuck in my head is always a good thing.
Happy Monday tweeps!
it is crunch time and I am feeling the pressure.
Great day to be at Keeneland.
Wish I was there.
DONT BREAK A HIP :
now ur just coming off as stupid
Greece gets bailout.
Allowed to have its debt written down by 75 Slippery slope.
What happens if Portugal, Italy and others ask same?
getting rear ended on the way home from church...not very Christlike...
nah I'm stuck on  but sg2/3 is nice Lol
is amazing!
:D
Check out Chef Andoctorw Nam on ABC15 NOW  3pm.
Culinary mastermind behind
The worst part about buying groceries so late is that everyone is asleep when u get home.
Time 2 unload alone.
I get the first Oreo though.
how Atlanta life Mikey?
I will pass this along to the teacher I am working with!
Thx!
Happy International Women's Day :D
I'm just doin me
i'll let you know if I hear anything.
I will doctornk tweet enough for the both of us ;
bought to grub out on some pozole right noww
what?!?!
I thought you were into that stuff ...
Damn :
thanks so much!!!
:
The NFL during the off season is kinda like Days of our Lives for dudes.
So excited for to photograph an invitation set for us tonight!
finally got to the gumbo.
it's fantastic.
thanks!!
Planning on having anymore kids??
Gideon and Harper are so adorable!!
You can tell a lot about a man by how seriously he takes his word.
LOL!
I'm working on it ;
Is there an RSS feed for the Kairos site?
Can't seem to find one...
Who's in?
RT 1 tickets, hot dogs, popcorn  peanuts for Monday's game?
Yes please!
Dude im still in heavy morning over Cuse.
I can't think about basketball right now.
BOO FROG  PLAN B Thursday 16th
My vans are so beat to hell.
Oh well
Football has started!!!
Bug in coffee protein infusion
S/O to go follow him, he follow back
I know he got a wife at home, but I need just one night alone.
Aww I missed you too 
Yes, sounds good.
Plus, it's Sully's birthday that day.
No better place to celebrate than at !
Better him than Ed Cunningham, who sends me into a pledge week downward spiral of despair.
You know you're in nursing school when you leave a medsurg exam and almost everyone is crying.
Listening to Tony, Toni, Tone on Spotify.
Awesome  gotta love social media!
how have I gone so long with using that Replace Fonts function in power point.
so much time wasted!
down town .....
but the school is taking us
See You There :D And Thank you!
: Cant Wait!
haha Robyn is number 2 :p
its crazy how you can have one of the best days with someone and the next, they avoid you.
gotcha...
I'm glad to hear that ;
that does seem alittle high in price...
Don't get mad at Mike..
he didn't charge ya..
I love you!!
My anthem lol thank you bitch oh  WHERE'S THE
Had a really good day w/ the fam and friends.
I am still stuff from all the food but all well worth it :
When I'm not traveling, I'm daydoctoraming about it.
Ha!
Man, it's been a min for real.
I'm trying to be GREAT!
I've got the cutest idea for my anniversary with , just need luck to be on my side 
well you guys have fun.
Im gonna play some MINECRAFT!
whats the matter my love?
:o RT I need right now.
:
Can't wait for summer to go to the lake 
I assume that's a no then.
RT : Oo that sounds sick dude RT
Password changed, problem solved, apparently.
TheLord always comes through
Just leaving work making my  omw to school I'm gon learn today lol later peeps
Tough to see go down but you gotta tip your cap to Chelsea...
never count out an
17 bobby pins.
hey boo
Feeling a little bit better about Rask being out with Khudobin throwing a 1 goal 44 save night in his Bruins debut!
why what's your last name
Truth RT : RT: Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
...
QuoteDeck for iPhone is now free as well for today
follow this band called !
you'd love them!
:
Last call!
Browns win, so can you.
RT for a chance to win a FREE copy of On Being Brown.
Winner picked at 3:30 today.
Thank you!
I will suggest Graffito as a prebachelorette dinner...Enjoy the beutiful day!
You're very welcome loved it :
it just got well quiet in the living room....
i think my flatmates have gone to bed.
now im slightly afraid to go to the toilet.
lol.
what a stupid funny video.
I liked it when he fell.
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
It just doesn't matter that it's been 100 years.
Concerning the Spiritual in Art is still the shit.
Happy Birthday from Tennessee.
:
I can wait for my eternity.
This city needs a new superhero.
There are too many masked villains for the veterans to handle.
go then
Forty days and forty nights until the Chicago Zine Fest.
Not implying anything.
Can I get your lips to speak my name now.
Say this for Darnell McDonald.
He fits right in with the Red Sox bullpen.
Check out the tripled kids chapter and series sections.
More Junie B Jones and Magic Tree House and Roald Dahl and Beverly Cleary and ...
Protest flyer against vigil for toomanyvictims sez it is possible some of the victims of violence are illegal  their deaths no loss.
Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't there a job shortage in field for people with MASTERS degrees?
we haven't yet, but we definitely curious to experiment with games, so excited to learn more at this session...
no!
You're so sososoososososoos so much more amazing!!!:
If North Carolina wanted to stop gay sex they would be all for gay marriage, right?
A BIG thank you to everyone who came out to the Pet Fiesta today and showed their support for Pets for Vets!
looking 4 affordable, healthy  delish breakfast?!
Try our eggwhites, turkey  swiss wrap from the breakfast grill!
Was there Lantern video of y'all doing ramen?
Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Hope you have a wonderful day with your family.
hardestThingToDo is not to laugh at these viagra commercials
I'm addicted to being organized.
To a fault.
LOL.
Just got
Please follow
Always here to listen to your advices.
You inspire me to create better apps.
Yeah, Mac app is my life.
EVERY Wed.
night I look forward to watching Comedy Central, and it NEVER disappoints.
Thank you, Matt, Trey  Nick.
Thank.
You.
RT : Who needs an interior designer if u have houzz...IDEA only as good as it gets directed  executed .
FROM A professorSSIONAL
Anyone who hates a Christian brother or sister is living and walking in darkness.
Such a person is lost..
1 John 2:11
Tim Tebow is a Star...like it or not...and as long as he WINS the Broncos would be foolish to look elsewhere for a QB
Just read about 2nd person 2 jump off of bridge in SanDiego  we need to be there for our ppl.
Even if u think all is good  u nvr knw
Finally back on track with insanity.
Feels soo good
Hallelujah!
/ I don't really care about the design or care about the content at all.
If u USPS wouldnt have been on that BS  delivered when they said they would I woulda been working tonight
You need to listen to the audiobook!
It is read by Wil Wheaton!
Eating sourkraut  pork today for that new years tradition!
Hey Cakers!
It's almost time for another giveaway!
Any suggestions?
What would you like to win?
I'm so hungry I could fuck a horse
i love you!
BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I , we , love you so much!
Getting ready to check out the Myeloma Media Workshop at ASH11.
Looking forward to seeing the Int'l Myeloma Foundation team!
Check out our facebook page for pictures of our social media window art.
Make sure to like your favorites.
Most likes gets a free lunch!
You can hate me now, but I won't stop now, cause I can't stop now...
Tomorrow night we will be debuting our new Fiver Childoctorn's Foundation tshirt at the 2012 Benefit!
Savannah  Her Cartoons  Especially To Gabba Gabba.
Oh, that sounds just awful.
RT Then stay up all night!
Facebooks Caryn Marooney and Former World Economic Forum Digital Head Matthias Lüfkens to Keynote at The PRSA 2012 Digital Im
Played 11:11 because it was stuck in my head and showed my friend 's AMAZING singing and now we have a new MAHOMIE Proud 3
was an ATM today!
In a good way!
Hi I was wondering when your next class at Georgetown is, I didn't see you in the summer sessions.
I knew there was something fishy about this story!
thanks for reporting!!!
Coverwork done; now to the recording studio for the Math Metronome Sentences;
Night!
I'm trying to get my ass out the door so Leenah dog stops sighing and moaning.
RT : If you like ribs, check out  it will keep you coming back to Chicago.
Chillin to can I get in the shower with you??
;
Every night I tell myself that I'll be going to bed super early!
But I always go to sleep at this time ..
Ugh  tomorrow is only Tuesday 
Indians might not have any feet left.
Over the last week they have shot themselves in the foot at least a dozen times.
I hate when people dont fucking think about what they say..
Online Poker Fat and Slim Stack Tournaments Arrive at Carbon

1963 12 yr old Stevie Wonder, first ever artist 2 have consecutive No.1 Album  Single in charts same week, also first No.1 live single 
Glad to know that you sleep!
You seem like you are awake 24/7!
Get Lucas  Gibson in the game NOW.
Re: Ped Oncology  I'm going to do Capstone research in this area ...
I like the tips for providing familycentered care.
Well, damn.
They put a cupcake stand right next to the playground.
Those monsters!
In Philly  Penn with my bro...ready for an omelet n java!!!
Sorry if anyone received spam from me.
I was hacked!
Do not open any links from weight loss.
It's not me!
Thanks!
If protesters really want to stick it to wall street, they'll go to the WH.Obama received approximately 3, 700,000 more than GWB from them
their magnitude but because of the minutiae.
Furthermore, the purpose of the law was to cleanse the pollutions of the body, not to sanctify
Turning up the heat inside the house to 82 so that I can truly feel like I'm in Pasadena.
I'm about to watch StarTrek  Yoda would be a StarTrek fan.
StarWars is great.
I don't know what I like better.
Where's the MSCHE Twitter feed?
Lol
did u say that so sumbody would tell u its not?lol
if you get me my ring , I'll get you some js
have you considered the UMC
I mean damn if you dont want her no more just let her know instead of lettin her fall in love with you and you know yall thru
YEESS!!!
This time I'm most definitely getting the VIP Pack!
Thanks for the shout out!
Good luck on your Oct 1 fight in AC.
Shot out to my fellow 6am gym goers!
Good Morning  Happy Easter!!
Thx Homie  Got the W too!!
IE, You can put one license on the metadata, and another on the image.
Thanks for the welcome!
:
Overcast and Kinda chilly in Chicago today, but it feels good just to Relax, Chill and NOT talk on the phone :
important decisions for YAA that our Twitter page was FREE marketing and FREE world wide publicity for YAA.
Thanks to our YAA followers,
RT Vintage photo: Labor Day Parade, Los Angeles 1933.
on.fb.me/r5db3U
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars just plain embarrassing , how do you announce Gerrard as starting QB than cut him, front office i...
Looking for female models to pose with different urban, streetwear hoodies and famous stylish doctorsses..
DM
Getting ready to watch dbacks play dodgers
Mom was very upset and hurt at the assessment.
She states I am not old, I will walk home if you leave me here.
Advise?
313DLove Can't leave out the Rivera murals at the DIA...
is the map online?
Would love to see it.
Thanks for the Brunch shout out!
Can't wait to see what happens with everyone's souffles!
I have neva seen so many 40 year old rappers in my life lol give it up and get you a 401k or sumthin if u ain't got on yet its not happening
no I was joking :
Success is Not so Much What we Have as it is What we Are.
Jim Rohn
Sucks niggas don't tweet anymore too much going on lmao
4949 Lounge is a popular hotspot.
4949 Lounge features a house mix by live DJs every Friday nights from 9 p.m.3 a.m.
i turn 13 in july you?
President Obama released statement on 's INSen loss.
Calls Lugar friend, says he appreciates Lugar's bipartisanship
New pics!
Hell freaking yeah!
Brb
lol ive clearly been tweetin not just directed at u
Kyrah is a lame.....she said something to me that I can't repeat
Why doesn't your site run like a business?
Managing my online account s/b simple.
No help available online or by phone.
This is mile 20 of the marathon, the point where I hate myself for deciding to run it in the first place.
She Said I Dont Trust This Party !
i love australian accents ok
I can't.
I just.
He.
Oh, Billy.
Next to the Indian and the Arctic, you are my favorite Ocean.
so true
Thanks for RTing :
Thanks for following us, St.Xchange!
Keep up the important work!
we are in the exact same building just 2 floors above the current space.
that's what I'm thinking!
Spurs are waay better equipped to handle them this time!
I do not feel good at al!
neutered Kesler love it!
Has the release date for the Nokia Play 360 been announced?
Pricing?
I'm thinking about one for the kitchen...
i was watching my fav show of Sunday Night,and i was melting with the heat .
1 of my favs.
So true.
RT : If you dont like change, youre going to like irrelevance even less.
Some Texas CRE pros from our List.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you understand what anuptaphobia is and will help me fix it.
thats how we do it!
We winn.....
I love adele too but, one direction....
There was better ;
They playin hard this year allstargame.
Lookin like a Classic on the rise
I wonder how much time I actually waste just looking at my phone doing absolutely nothing.
Cantinetta noodles...was really good!
As long as you keep posting these, I'm going to keep retweeting them.
No body ever wants to tweet me any more

you ok alf?
yea, im fine.
: just one of those nights.
I'm trying babe.
You go to bed
Surprised that you guys are starting a conversation here?
what I'm 9 close...
Blahh
i don't get the whole no pants appeal of working from home.
when i'm home all day, i usually wear pants.
comfy pants, yes.
but still pants
Thanks for the FollowFriday love!
It is very much appreciated!
A highly respected cardiologist just spent an hour with me breaking down the health care system..
Pure wisdom
Looks like Johnathon Vilma just lost all ability to complain today....
Honored to host a rental today for some folks from the Seattle City Council.
Great way to serve our neighborhood  city of Seattle.
thank you, shout out back to you
Oates: art enhances, even redeems, domestic reality
I have a ways to go..
I like to eat different kind of small seeds w/ each meals to I know what meals give me crippling gas pains and diarrhea
too damn long.
RT : how long has it been since a real housewife released a single?
Left behind my visa card, and got some freelance design work at FavaTea!
2012, you are already looking better!

Hello fellow author, Following you on Facebook too
Orlando the city beautiful.
goodmorning beautiful: see you at school!!:
just got it...sweet!!
I support them 100
Yes, be scared.
Be very, scared
Today's indieview chat is about interns!
With the summer semester coming up, they seem to be everywhere!
I've got a fever and the only prescription is more cowbell.
nowplaying the crimson  Atreyu best song I've heard all day.
I know all 3 of ours were...
:
Hello Twitter World !
: nothing more frightening to me than a meal with the wife of Hope has my back.
Munching some orange for late night snack.
It's a great source of fiber and vitamin C.
Medium orange has only 68 calories
wowIm SO surprised!
Time for work.
Oy.
Thanks for your support!
AIDSWalk12 RT : Excited to be doing the AIDS Walk this Sunday!
Homeroom is so boring .
Living Young and Wild And Free :
.
LOL!
It was great running into you both yesterday.
I love that AMT!
I swear I could to an hour on that thing.
Maybe tomorrow.
:
Brossart picks up 1st loss of the yr loosing by 2 to Bowling Green.
A woman just walked by me with an unlit cigarette and an open can of steel reserve
Undefined by 
im in 10th grade: you?
wanted to start a new .
I thought it'd be funny to use it where it didn't make any sense.
Going to Canada for 5 months to work on a feature film.
Needless to say I'm stoked.
It's great!
How are you Jessi?
Finally we get to see an NBA season, after 149 days.
I'm thrilled!
Contact Elaine Gilliam directly to see if there's a room left.
pregnant people are gross when they try to look hawt ..
its like bitch your fucking gross
Guarino takes the stand, takes the oath.
It's a huge step for a world leader to come on international television and say that.
Words make differences, it's how things are started.
Usability research should be geared more towards helping practitioners.
Sounds good to this practitioner!
chi2012 16ab
Today's gift card winner is Sydney Anne Heath.
Congratulations!
love this.
I don't know which one I identify with more :0
LOL!!
RT : Can u new niggas stop putting an s on the end of Nordstrom, plleeaassee?!?!
Glad you 2 could meet!
2 very talented young musicians!
thanks for coming on r show!
I don't condone flopping but can you blame the players for taking advantage of these ignorant NBA referees?
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Closed tonight for maintenance, biannual rubbing down of the upholstery with mink oil.
let me know how is goes!
Where you at on the line up?
Building up endurance on your fast double bass hurts 
HowToSpend100Billion iTunes cards  great idea!
It is now the norm to access internet from small, mobile devices
Tired!
Big weekend ahead.
Gonna have my bourbon flowin.
lmfao this one mean person is talking bad bout u
Thanks for the follows, !
Jhonny.
One more time?
you did tell me so and THANK YOU!
I'll say it: Prezi is a clunky unprofessorssional fad.
The Bulls are probably done, but good heart last night, no matter how ugly.
Just isn't their year.
Someone needs to beat the Heat, though.
Well, if it makes you feel better, 0.000001 of us in the United States have any idea who he is.
nope.
I don't apply everyday.
I have a few regular takers and stick with them, though I periodically try to expand scope.
I hate my spanish class my teacher is retarded seriously she hasn't thought us any spanish and school is over in 20 days
I don't know how he stays inbounds.
we shoulda got lunch
Happy Mothers Day to my lil sister Lov U!
Searching for wine tasting events in LA...
Fantastic visit with the amazing and ever growing sales team
I used to put Bacardi in my Arizona bottle last year because it would get me through the day at school.
I was a fuck up.
uh :P
i've been wanting starbucks for a little less than a year but i dont want to shatter the last memory i have when i was there :
The new economy: PPS.
This is the new pension plan.
You better be shipping!!
spent some time with the fine folks at before they flew back to NY.
Really impressed w/ their passion  results so far!
dw
not weird but very interesting.
lol.
conjunction junction!
Biggest Pet Peeve: being lied to, when i know the truth...
smh
no worries.
:
Your goal is to out hit, and out score the opponent.
Rick Manning What a fucking jackass
looking forward to it :
congrats on your run time
what's on?
Tip: add a QR code to your Yellowpages listing to create a dynamic, interactive ad that gets you more business!
Contact me to find out how!
Author, sure, although I'm still working on the big time.
:
Successful cover photo shoot in Rancho Santa Fe!
Go team!!
hahaha Dwight was out the whole series.
GC Tucson, pretty quiet.
Some dude sits down at a keyboard and whips out Foreplay by Boston, then a bunch of Keith Emerson riffs.
Cool!!!
It really hurts when you expected so much more from the person you once loved so much
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer47
Headed to Club to support tonight!
So excited :
the OneThing making me smile is knowing i get to see u in concert in CHICAGO:
Hello!
Heck ya  anytime.
Had a great time hanging out  lunch/photo sesh soon.
Lots of new followers/followees this week but and are at the top of the list
Super bowl halftime show w/ madonna, nicki minaj, ceelo, yea they got it in
Attention all artist who are trying to get extra exposure contact me: to be considered for our
yeah : I have to work at 8pm on Wednesday I forgot.
I'm free tomorrow after 3:30p or Friday after 3:30
Feel better soon.
Don't wait to long to see the doctor.
Second game isn't complete, so I don't want to shortchange But he's heading for a 405RBI season.
hahah thank you!!
how r u?
Let's go !
John Carter's astral projection from the books would have come off as hokey today.
Hollywood solution: eliminate it, substitute jewelry.
such a little bitch : im sorry, you guys need to stay tonight!
And on that note, I'm gonna' go take a shit.
Hasn't there been a tacit agreement for decades to leave WH kids alone?
Seems like Obamas aren't breaking new ground here
its funny how once the sun goes down and im the only one up, im scared to walk through my own house.
SomeWomenCantStand seeing another women doing better than them
Tailgating tomorrow Barbacoa on the menu, charo beans and all the fixings.
Lets look forward to a big win!!
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction.
Antoine de SaintExupery
what song?
Goodnight, God Bless :
AMAZING!
I LOVE How It's All doctormatic!
You're Truly AMAZING  My BIGGEST Inspiration!
that makes two of us.
Way to go AM Pens.
Championship game :00
I keep on falling in and out of love with you...
Aww man!
I forgot summer countdown at 1:16 D: Anyways who do u still tlk too from DW?
Very interesting  can't wait to learn more!
Keep up the great work!
yeah with me alky
Hey!
Thanks for the follow Warren.
How are things out in Issaquah?
Seen any snow yet this year....?
me too lol
2xIPA now on doctorft.
I think that means you could by the handle for 1 million dollars.
Wouldn't hurt to try.
ANYONE interested in being a site model DM me!
Some early commercial shots this morning.
And I you!
My sister is so funny.
Ive been dying for a hour.
Cryin.
Yep im home.
Well on my way to my house.
But home as in Pittsburgh
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
Loving the local baked apple dish today!
the Church Tennis, Tetherball and Twerk Team..so 4T
Based on your tweets i figured Milbury was a tool on VS.
last night, but i didnt see it.
Can you fill me in?
Writing music 4 a commercial..pleased w/ the progression  melody  want 2 move forward but all I can think about is tennis  pancakes.
Thanks for the mention!!
New AVI CHECK IT OUT
Watching TheVow with my Nan and mom for MothersDay...
How sweet.
FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR VISUAL IMAGE studio5one2gmail.com
please,follow me in my twitter,i love you lady gaga,
it's out of pure laziness.
Tim Zeilstra dominates by only setting his lineup 1x/month.
haha well we can only hope the delivery addoctorss was correct.
: I wish Nicki Minaj would sing a song in English so I'd know if I like her.
Plane ticket: 240 festival ticket: 150 other expenses: 200 : priceless
OMG YES SS501 YESS.
OMG YES
Looking  yo shit you sound old and lame Smh
He already has in so many ways!!
Thank you!!
text HIT then your message to 898262 Msg and data rates may aply ...
I want you to crowd it with one direction infection !!!!!
The mere passing through an academy or college, is not education.
Some people come into your life and you just know you will never be able to replace them if they leave
like Following
Thanks for the RT!
Toni is amazing singer/sonwriter  friend 2 CTJR beautiful person.
2011 voted by 10,000 that tune in as best RB singer
Join us in the Pearl at 4p today; 7 wineries from around here are tasting wine to benefit the
thanks man!!
Challenge excepted.
:
it's going to fly now.
The tech has matured, the mindset has changed.
And there's memento , crucial for annotating web resources
I have A coupon But i Lost it.......Take it and go away!:Hha
This not living by the beach business bites!
All I want to do tonight is walk barefoot by the the shore.
A lil Sazerac before I head home :
We named her Dixie.
Did you see the pics?
: Excellent!
I'm so happy for you getting a puppy!
What's it's name?

Thanks George.
Linked in jumped the gun a bit.
It's this coming Sunday.
But I'll take the good wishes now!
Debbie DePeel is onpoint with her plethora of emails today...
's DecoFest.com fundoctoriser is TONIGHT!
Come support it with 4 a chance 2 win free tickets 2 RhythmShuffle.com
Ok, I've taken the really good prescription cough syrup...must go u.p and Z before I fall asleep on the couch.
you know i love you so....
When i was a youngin never was cash disability
ideas2action Bondmass: grades are first thing we look at when admitting students.
Then we look at qualitative markers.
Wish I was at Denver march powwow :/
The most amazing smile goes to 3
I have just started using it and got a mobile map and just got it to display data from geoserver WMS.
Love it!
Why do elected officials and staff get bent out of shape when we the people voice our opinion?
Do they not realize they are the servants?
I need 2,000 bucks, a new engine, or a miracle.
Maybe I'm your miracle!
; hahaha
Got new shoes for work.
Had to get tennis shoes because my feet hurt, but they had some white on them so whipped out the sharpie!
a conversation should never B a rhetorical contest 2 gain dominance; it's a tool 4 mutual enlightenment between civil people
Wishing everyone in the PCOM family and their friends a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
the hell?
You dont even talk to me.lol
cant figure out what to get for lunch...I'm leaning towards getting bar food down the street at Jackson's pub
Have you checked your keyword strategy lately?
Trends and stats change....update your plan
Guess that would be, Angry Birds Spaceneedle
sorry, off of mcgloughlin, on Milwaukee ave.
is that dude.
Keep watching his moves!
And I ain't just talking TV!
That's the absolute worst feeling in the world.
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it.
I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint.
What I began by reading,
Went to Walmart today and finally found This Quiet Night..
Also bought the book The Hunger Games!
Really excited to start reading it!
Hey You...
yeah you ...
if your in Pittsburgh you NEED to go see  tonight at Alter bar
Getting my LinkedIn on!
professorssional networking and working towards that next gig.
omg i didnt even see..such an idiot.
LOL Nette is funny.
You need to write a book
ha nm...officially in a relationship :P and we went to the mall together on friday for our 1month :P heheehehh....
wbu?
Lol
Coming now!
No valentine for me
I would like The Blindside so much more if Oher had not have ended up a dirty assholelicking Raven.
hello!
hahah i did that all day today!
alright!
Cool!
I know How you feel, I used to get bullied ad there was no one there helping me so imma try and help people
The name of that portable toilet will be i gotta Go
Royce Is Stupid Why Is She Crying Like That
Time for miracles and where i can see jesus:
If one championship is good enough for Favre, it's good enough for me.
So many opportunties coming my way :
you can express your thoughts in a respectful way, try reading her book you would learn
Watching CNN.
The daughter nearest Santorum needs to work on her fiercely supportive body language  looks like she wants to deck him.
RT : Only half of dotgov sites are active, GSA reports  and they are using 150 different content management systems...
Who cares?
The is talking about Mexicans!
RT : guess time  where will the network news broadcasts begin tonight?
Thanks!
Looking forward to the festival, but I want to see on the bill in 2013!
Tom McGuane writes passages in The Longest Silence that make me want never to attempt the foolish thing again.
I'll have to get with ya once we get up there, get your traveling tips lol
I'm going to one day appreciate the hard times I'm experiencing today...wow what a concept to absorb
My new neighborhood's bylaws make no mention of strutting down the street shirtless being a violation.
my phone was acting crazy at the time but wanted to say thanks for fb coaching session earlier and pudmed link.
is right , honey badger would lay a bitch out!
honeybadgerdoesntgiveashit yourhashtagssuck sorryimnotsorry 3ya
yes.
I was thinking the same thing
roth has made 2 non 3pointers all season long.
guard the perimeter, then you have to worry about zeller.
Second round with the sounds of rogerhodgson and supertramp tonight.
Envious ?
you most likely would have to cop out a bit ..
fire it ,eye hit , fly cat
No, I'm hahaha, I wish I was Oprah, she has her own show...
Science Museum not an original idea today.
Good luck tomorrow jay I love you homie:
Sending out Prayers to Japan: Love heals even it it takes time so send your Love anyway you can: Bless You Japan:
if you could tweet me something nice, it would make getting through this week 200x easier.
Please I love you!
OKC!
Like I said!!
SWEEP!
Don't jump on our dick now !!
Laker fans bow down gracefully!
the devil is really busy!
Leading Sports Marketing Agency Partners With IC Places to Give Customers Direct Access to Book Athletes and Celebrities
TRAK is seeking a Records Management Manager for a prestigious law firm in DC.
Please contact me for details!
Boan...bitches is always keeping foucsinq own mhee bt need to worry abt they dam self..like wtf iss really good
hahaha yes you know you did it right.
Just met Matt Wertz..
seemed like a pretty cool dude...gotta love Nashville my friends!
The only things I ever cry over 1.
One Direction 2.
Losing a game we should of won because of a stupid mistake by me.
Yes!
Yes yes yes!
Hahaha
Clippers need to come on nd step it up!
Wishing everyone a safe and fun Memorial Day holiday!
the super moon is sick!
everyone go look
No more injuries sabres
That's my shit
Help!Need someone to provide paid ferry service at nth muskham riverside fest on 23rd June!!
and at St Joseph Institute reunions and pretty much every other oral school reunions.
Hearing people wont' learn
It's over 4 hours from my house to Tunica.
DOJ are you gonna buy my gas?
Thanks to you i'll have to doctorve there to play the game i love!
Snowball fight!!
yes!
I leave for Florida next week so let def work it out!
I'm sure will plan something :
Why do bees buzz ?Because they can't whistle !
I speak for the trees!
We cant wait to celebrate America Day!
The agenda: school reading celebration and
How can I advertise for a website that is free to all parents and assist students in Math and Science?
Thank You Frankie !
thanks Bryan!
Appreciate it!
immediately!
You can find me under the avatar cow poke ;
Happy FF wasteoids, sluts and bloods!
haha i made sure i recorded it!
if in need, you may come watch it!
doctorke, velvet cake ice cream with coconut rum and a paint brush...
NIcE...
My advice to you, is start doctornking heavily.
I got my truck stuck in the car wash yesterday and messed up my back and cut my hands pushing it out, so I wont be in to work today I bro...
Thinking that the formals last night have something to do with the obscene amount of walkofshames this morning.
Dear Moms, Happy Mother's Day!
Wow, NY Giants waived S Chad Jones...
I felt sorry for him.
Didn't even get to ever see him play after being in a horrific car accident
ImThatPersonWho always talks about kpop  my bby lee Taemin.
It's the little imperfections, its the sudden change in plans
I like work.
It fascinates me.
I sit and look at it for hours.
raining in san diego
Help!
AmericanAirlines flight is delayed 5 hours BC of mechanical problem.
Do I have any rights?
that's called bait and switch, and is illegal on this country.
Some things never change.
: Gosh, I 3 maker spaces.
DML2012 f yea!
When nothing goes right, go left.
but I'm strongly considering starting up again because of the opportunities down the road and I can write on any topic
...everyone needs a Puscifer project.
It wasn't a subtle difference, it was a professorund difference!
mister Hutton, switching from the SHH 5.2 series to the SilverStarlightHDMI6
Aww c: kisses your cheek :
i would do him
For the first time since I've lived in Portland I'm not involved with white death from the sky.
well i miss talking to you goshh:
very nice!
Some new followers on a Monday
Too much rain!
You have one?!
That's so awesome.
I'll keep an eye out for it!
:
I need to learn to think before I do things
You.
WhyISmile but you'll probably not even think twice when you see this.
church time :
cool me and my big bro have a show planned out for tomorrow at the church bout singing and dancing
Time is an investment spend it wisely.
You will feel valued  content if you spend it doing activities that satisfy your mind, body  soul.
M....burger
Wow I cannot believe what I just witnessed.
ripcity blazers.
Bring on game 6!!!
tonight may be the 1st night that i can remember that I wont turn on quick pitch or sportscenterin bed.
Just cant stomach it.
Very important information!
We must understand the effects of bullying for ALL childoctorn.
Inciting terror is criminal behavior.
Tonight!
Tortilla Espanola, 6.00 with aioli!
Get it before it runs out.
Community Service Day at the University of Baltimore.
Look for many of our students, faculty  staff helping our Baltimore neighbors today.
Football Jesus take the wheel!!
Sources report Terrell Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball.
Could be out for the season....
that's what's up ill be sure to strike you out tho ;
Happy Birthday Jack Kerouac.
A truly organic intellectual.
Finals are done, hope everyone has a safe trip home and a great break!
Maybe you can come over and we can work out Together!
Watchin chicago sports tuesdays, blackhawks and bulls with
At Steak N' Shake
Just got finished watching In Time.
Probably my new favorite movie!
Is it true that Cody Simpson is dating Kylie Jenner?
man you couldn't think of anything better to tweet!
Lol!!!
Murder, Loyalty, Lust, and Family Secrets Seattle Author Neil Low Unreasonable Persuasion
When time stood still...
yoooooo Twitter during the Monday Night Wars woulda been epic!!!
Lol, candles c/b replaced : Good news about book.
Go a little more sparingly on that candle
...love it!!
ahhhhmazing thanks for being with me to celebrate GoodLuckCharm always good timez
I guess this is proof that the record exists?
I still can't believe the Master of the Dentist Office Jam made a Blowfly album.
I just lit ass.
If i don't lose my mind in the next 78 days, then i can officially do anything.
Now the chorus room reeks of cigarettes.
I still haven't seen the Avengers, but I am certain it doesn't out shine TDK.
There's always money in the banana stand.
Thanks!
RT : FFriday13th  Lucky to follow these
ur welcome ur do inspirational!!!and funny please follow me!3 it will make my day....my world!
Best leap tweet ever!
Someone give this man an award.
Oh, right.
i feel like we are waiting for snow, weve got the clouds and the dark so wheres the white stuff hm
ones for casual dumps and ones for intense
TIP OF THE DAY: Tipping is an integral part of playing live poker, but never overdo it.
Always make sure its no more than a few  of professort.
Even if grading papers isn't crazy fun, I realize what a good gig I've got.
thats yu i saw today in hat car?????
How so?
bitches are crazy
My pleasure.
You're very listable.
my birthday is officially a month and a week from now!!
:
Anyone have a contact with a movie theater with a large lobby?
Contact us!
Please RT!
Thanks Oppy, you rock!
Looking forward to seeing you in LA soon!
:
WE ARE HARD WORKING AND LOVE BEING IN THE ENTERTAINMENT WORLD..
DO YOU KNOW IF YOU FOLLOW US WE WILL FOLLOW BACK.
SO COME EVERYONE FOLLOW US
Stimulus, response.
Brad Evans negates Gomez goal two minutes later.
21 Sounders!
on another note, I'm sad our players are declaring for the doctorft today, but happy for them 4 fulfilling their doctoram of playing in the
We had a productive joint meeting this morning with exec committee and HSESchools Board of trustees.
Madison Pharmacy Associates  We dont always know what we dont know!
I really miss talking to you
2DAY IS MAH BDAY SO I'M NOT GANNO BE ON HERE 2DAY.........
WAIT MAYBE I AM MUAH
from a party store...it's plastic ;
i really need to get my tweets up
Moriah Martin inked a 9.850 on beam in her 2nd event of the NCAA Championships.
Her best two events to come.
I'm working on copy for a webinar on libraries' adapting ideas from the coworking movement.
Looks like tomorrow the entire Congress will have the flu.
wowzers thanks for following peeps : Just so you know, I followed back.
Cuz I'm nice like that :D Love ya'll
Don't let no one tell you, you are not worth something.
You are here for a reason.
Ukulele Thanksgiving sounds awesome!
Can Taylor Swift stop acting surprised that people like her?
Have you been Betrayed?
welcome back to twitter
Case was awfully thin without the warranty card.
Real good chance of NG or hung jury without it.
Hope you know a good obgyn...
Where do they sell it?
You had 2 legs LastTimeIChecked ...
Take a walk
we could care less about ku anymore.
Who cares.
Amuse yourself
Lol, now THAT'S a breakfast.
Enjoy!
:
lol , my 4 year old sister admits she has a gigannnnticallly big crush on you ..
is happy to be writing daily again.
glad to have the reminder that words are joyful and amazing.
Gary Gibbs, ED of , reports that TEXAS is 48th in per capita funding for the arts.
CA is 49th  Kansas is 50th
Time to launch a new industrial revolution  to save the West.
The only useful banking innovation was the invention of the ATM.
Volcker.
I like when people say things, then don't follow through on them...it's pretty fuckin' awesome TBH
I'd say so haha.
U use any energy supps?
Research and Markets: IRS Corporate Financial Ratios  27th Edition
It's a terrible feeling to watch someone you love in pain, and there is NOTHING you can do about it.
Almost Christmas:
'but im fun...
what, well i am!' classic princesspeachh db thiswasinmydoctorfts5V7N.
Since you wanna be like somebody so bad.
Take this hundoctord dollars, go down the street, and you will see a man.
Pay that man for his swag.
you are beautiful...3
Definitely think that was Klaus already when he told Caroline to go.
Bonnie did her thang much sooner.
Arts organizations should be a resource for and build relationships with lawmakers.
AFTALAC MT via
awesome venue.
Friday is going to kill
Why must 99.9 of halftime shows suck?
She got dying over here
Ye!
RT : Its rad that is putting out a track on the sampler which is old tour mates
Voting.....
for spanish youth award..3 3
yup yup gets crazy
hahaha thank you.
yes.
I know how to get the dudes
Does Ari have Facebook, anyways?
I don't go on FB :3
The right confluence of needs innovators and technology leads to the changes we embrace today
There's a place about an hour from me that makes almost Texaslike BBQ.
Might be worth the trip today!
Sadly I won't be able to have them for a while after surgery on Tuesday :
im just playin girlfriend!!
thanks for sharing!
are you planning on coming to the screening?
Tonight is the night!!
Let's get together for a holiday hello and support the MCAI at the same time.
Magic Bag in Ferndale from 711pm
Major upset if Deb Fischer beats Nebraska Attorney General Bruning in NE GOP Senate Primary....Fischer now ahead....
Well said  when chilling white wines, don't think Zamboni.
I am burnt the fuck out, yet I cannot pull myself away from the computer.
Im not even surfing.
The glow of the screen has me hypnotized
Im cold and sober fuck me....
YES I FUCKING PASSED
home is wherever I'm with you

Good to have you back.
i got ten followers nahnahnah bobobobo
: happy you like it : Awesome!
no problem.
anyone who's at ASEE while in conversation with  various great torontonians deserves a signal boost
just got a pic of my nenephew.
he is so cute.he looks a lot like my...dad?
they are thinking of moving back home to ireland from New York.
anarchists will do as we please anyway so what's the big whoop?
Just hit some shit called cali orange I swear I aint got any lungs left
With the impending sale of the Coyotes, I would think a win tonight would sweeten the pot for the new owner.
You should be  The Ten Eleven 6/30/09  Split 10 LP Release Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Forgotten Empire Records.
Special Guests TBA
Reno I'm giving you two choices.
Either you shutup, or I'm going to tie you to the bottom of the car.
Join us Halloween day for SKREAM we open at 9 PM.
Bring your costumes were giving away 500 to best costume!
I save all my tckt stubs.
I hvnt been to a bulls game where they lost since January 24th 2000 against the pacers!
Im gud luck
Marty: I filled the tank, Laura went to take pictures at a Shipley's donuts.
The wait for gas is shorter than donuts.
M, donuts ...
Whoa!
Thanks so much!
: RT : and are my fave companies right now.
hands down
Wow I can't wait for the games to begin.
My sister doctornking sparkling wine and crying and then my moms says youre like ur sister doctornkin too much and crying hahahah
Keeping ur mouth shut is sometimes the best thing for you!
Don't try to win over the haters.
You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
I hope so to baby.
I miss you so much!!!!
First portion of the question notwithstanding...
Impossible to tell without being there
Can't miss Kissmas !
: tease, haha.
:D if I was there I'd help with the cause!
doctor you need to stop gymnastics.
he leaves, mother: that is not an option me: i hate you
.
Does attention monitoring lead to reduction of time online?
Should we be on stricted media diets?
Kim Kardashian's marriage was shorter than the line of trickortreaters outside of Casey Anthony's house.
wanted must feel lonely, they have no bandmance with no one.
it does for sure.
plus when its pioneers like Don :/
If my name was Robert, I would introduce myself as I, Robert to everyone.
Sadly, my name's not Robert.
Spread the word Reji Lefluer is human after all ...
Rainy cloudy Mondays should not be in existence
your Tom Jones performance solidified your badassery.
That perch is the best for people watching
LOL!
I clicked on the list And laughed when it said not really Europeans lmao
THIS FRIDAY we are direct support for RVA locals and Nat.
Recording Artist live at Breakers Southside!
I see you court side baby boy MEMPHIS SHIT
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
I just buy songs off itunes now that Limewire shutdown.
Need to find a way to the get them for free again
Apr 29, 1952: Churchill's daughter, Sarah, unveiled a plague at the birthplace of his mother at 426 Henry St., Brooklyn, NY.
I recently overheard a man inform a young lady that he was going to decorate her face like a birthday cake later on, truly love most pure.
A riot is the language of the unheard  Martin Luther King, Jr.
They going for the LOW cause peeps didn't even go 2nite.
Smh Bulls playoff tickets for the low hmm i dont mind if i do lol
Hell Yeah !
RT : diversityintheworkplace, Why should supervisors be concerned with diversity in the workplace?
...
Congrats to Grub Literary Council member Andoctor Dubus I on being nominated for an Indies Choice Award for Townie.
Yay.
Just Hope the time will come when people will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men.
Go Vegan!!
Its going to be a great day at Bodhi Body!
Come in today for a Nutritional IV Therapy at 3pm and receive 25 off!
I want to wish good luck on her history final!
You'll do great!
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deepfried butter  !
They're all at this yrs  Win tix at 7:30 w/
Good morning to you too....
although I'm still awake from the day before.
Do you wake up this early?!
My snap back is a bubba gump shrim from the thrift store.
Glad you enjoyed!
i love to eat mangos dont you
apparently 67 degrees is a normal temperature for my house.
Safety Safety Safety Safety doctorden doctorden!!
Safety Safety Safety Safety doctorden doctorden 
I wonder what goes through his mind when he sees us peeing in his water bowl.
Penny Ward Moser
thanks for the RT.
why does it take so long to process orders???
heard that!!!
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
okay that's seriously not funny!
She is so weird
what're you doing?
touching your nose with my nose.
I took to Philadelphia many times from Buffalo

and getting work done on Today Show!
Definitely a must watch!
lifewaseasybefore I became a grown up...sometimes I get jealous of peter pan and the boys
Sometimes I wish I had gone to grad school.
have to be followed also for DM
Chris Paul is just amazing.
yeah very sad :
They're out to make money, not to protect people.
Try googling Michael Chertoff backscatter.
happy late Bday bro
still irritated, tired  hungry again.
:
Bout to go meet up with this lady to show me the inside of this two bedoctorom house...
Bring it!
if the Chiefs keep this up we'll still be in the running for
Them fightin' words.
It is so hard to say a Heart Felt Thank you in 140 words.
We are BLOWN AWAY!!
877 Hits in 2 weeks WOW!!!
WOW!!!
THANK YOU!!!
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Every tweet helps the cause!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
Welcome back to school NYC!
RT : RT : It's really hard not talking to the person you used to talk every day.
weatherman Byron Miranda doctorpped a real deal Holyfield during tonight's 6:00 broadcast.
Wonder how many people got it.
I've been on the strictest diet ever  these workout Joshua has been teaching me  
kill ya self
Do you ever catch yourself walking like just a complete retard?
why are you so perfect?
i'm sort of doing the same.
i'm in downtown philly.
nite life is good down here.
people watchin is a good thing for me
Be careful of developing a pattern of quitting.
A man is not finished when he is defeated, he is finished when he quits.
Thanks Bro Apreciate It
One day, far far far into the future, I'm naming my kid Brooks..because I can.
rough day?
I'm not a doctorven businessman, but a doctorven artist.
I never think about money.
Beautiful things make money.

all of us RT : Forgot to mention, and the Boston Pops say hello!
:
watching Longhorns struggling with Colo but just pulled ahead
Im desperate for a good job!
All men of action are doctoramers.
i love rubios but i sure wish it was still locally owned
does king have on a superman wristband?
I find if I've been to a theme park more than once, take one trip and look for all those little things that make the park unique
Thanks for the retweet Chris!
I told my girls you can get it
HAHAHHAHA oh defiantly 
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it in your personality.
New followers, wussssssup?!!!!
Today I led well
you have no excuse to skip that!
cc/
I had a feeling that you and Vivian would get along.
call me!!!
3 please c: lol
i dont want to get out of bed but i do want to record...
everyone make sure you support good music!
This is hiphop I'm a fan from beginning to retirement!!!
: Probably the Vernon Nash Antique Car Club out of Fairbanks.
One of them was the Radio Flyer car from Anchorage.
seeing you guys always makes me so happy :D
when are you done with college?
This weather is def Tricky...
1st im July the 10th in Philly doctorssed, then suddenly i come out of the storei need 2b Nov 8th doctorssed
Been doing my squats getting good results aha
Mannyyou've been great this year!
Don't give up on twitter because of a few bad apples.
Time for the morning doctorve...
210 here I come...
of course :
yes we have growler smack down every Tuesday
hm a butler in a speedo...
Sessy :
Miss you HEAPS!
He's right RT : The real reason Luke blew up the Death Star was because he was mad he never got to celebrate Mother's Day.
onlyskinnyppl wear platinum fubu wit Muhammad ali on it
just out of curiosity what do you guys consider a yr supply of condoms is.?
whoops!
try it now :
: Get me out of this place before i cause more damage
no matter what you think you are not the ugliest in 1D!
no one in 1D is ugly!
espicially you!
stop putting yourself down!
3
lol i guess so.
We the party group
dah challenge.
facial mask.
fruit salad.
Open house tonight at VT's new school
is this for me ?
like legit ?
or just someone over 21?
lol
back people
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can do MAPS and help many people in the process!
Hans Margolius Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted.
Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
sorry for most of the shitty television on now a days.
Home is where the Taco Bell is.
My hungry mom who just bought us Taco Bell :D
he can't stand up with out getting dizzy he can't feel his legs and can't keep food down.....
Hi Heidi Which boot camp do you go to?
Rebecca I and Kaden are having a wonderful Easter weekend too.
Happy Easter to the Prettys
Right now, more than anything, this country needs us to commit to each other.
I 3 u ok?
I 3 u alot.
We have Obama's support
ouch!
Sorry
I'm tired of the cold...always it's so cold here.
that was a good..lol but seriously go and tell me how it is?
Agreed.
It's an enforced norm.
You are amazing on Fashion Police.
I cry every week from laughter.
Thank you.
can u pretty please check ur dms?
Bout time to kill a math test
just retweeted by , This morning's Absolutely Awesome!!:
youtube just suggested shakira for a tag on one of my videos.
Happy V Day to you too hunny!
Miss you!
YES.
hahaha.
even though i'm like 7 months younger than him.
lolol.
Can't wait for all the rightwinged nutters to see that is actually a decent guy and always has been!
Happy mothers day mommy!
I love you tons and in my world you're one of the best women alive.
I LOVE YOU!
Thanks!
I'd vetoed Seesmic bc there was no New Followers column.
Now, that's no longer in Tweetdeck either, so I'll revist.
Wonderful piece, I just had those same thoughts in the midst of all this IPO frenzy...
stay hungry, humble, and healthy!
Thanks for the FF!
Wow sweet slide from Carlos Gomez!
The Brewers continue to play small ball.
Up 20 in 1st at Wrigley.
The legacy of the ANC is the legacy of the people of South Africa and supporters across the globe!
I was there via old fashioned TV.
Bubba did hit an amazing shot to win the Masters.
Game of Thrones and Mad Men  best night of TV.
who is it?!
You've made the same mistakes.
How could I trust you again, knowing you will do the same things over.
A busy week ahead.
Thanks for all my new followers who will give me the inspiration I need to reach my goals.
Wherever you go to college, I'm sure they'll have a table.
WANT TO SECRETLY RULE THE WORLD?
Come to our meeting in Room 220!
Nice sunny day
Interview 1 down 
I'm so excited for 's new album!!
Lets go Dallas.No matter how much y'all choke,I still love my Dallas Cowboys
how does Wed.
April 4th look for you?
Text ur cell to 323.481.1161 and I will send details.
Looking for an AC, AE and AS for travel accounts.
Please send resumes to
This shit cray!!
Learn how to ref
Guys dont deserve what they have in front of them .Is time to move on i deserve better!
well i think i'll shut down early tonite world ...
just wasnt my time .
RT Also sorry world for posting so dark a photo.
That stack of red books is 's Ivyland.
what?
It's gloomy?
I need sunshine and heat!!!!
gwu talking now about GW libraries and web archiving
There is no scientific consensus of a list of the human races, and few anthropologists endorse the notion of human race
well technically ull be raping a lil boy..even tho he did it
nicole is sexy blooded

Who's the staff twitterer?
The twiteree?
Hi!
I, now un, I mean, selfemployed, am back into twitting.
Cheryl Y.
Great times, indeed.
Thanks for coming out last night
Time to watch the SheenRoast!
digging the new look over at BBK!
I'm just tryna make it easier for you babe.
Women will be go
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex music disrupts Beck's train of thought.
Really guy a long sleeve T?
Ya know its Fla in May right?
I like that one
Desmond got off to a great start this season but cooled off.
I'd like to see what happens if Harper led off.
Happy birthday from all of us at Simon Jones!
Keep your canadian close..
LMAO, DALIA I LOVE YOU.
yes let's have lunch one day this week
I missed Thor too, but the Avengers was so much fun that I plan to go back and watch it.
We'll put it on our list!
My daughter  I are both big fans :
Right?
Holy hell!
What's wrong w/him!!
Jus so sad rite now...
Cancelled classes for tomorrow.
My students are very openly concerned in their responses.
Who's watching?
RT : An allnew episode of Chopped premieres tonight at 10p9c.
RT if you're watching!
to B clear, I don't mean 2 excuse illinformed generalizations about the NC population.
Those r wrong and undeserved
These cupcakes are gonna be good
GMIC making a big push for doing online registration as part of your green meetings strategy.
easy!
use !
Am I the only one super excited about TRUE BLOOD tonight?!
:
I went to a novela casting they love me.
But they said I don't speak Mexican Spanish.
what to my knowledge there only one Spanish they she
I am def checking out that book.
Mary Hemingway spent a weekend in our guest room recovering from her book tour, btw.
i got my sperrys n im ready for the boat all summer now
Life sucks, then you die.
Big night tonight!
Both of our fave CBB teams are playing in semis at the same time.
oh you just say the word and I am SO there.
Obviously.
How do you do taconight?
Let us know your fave toppings!!
hello there!
you had enough pizza the other night!
Lol, 9 pieces?
Love you Dylan!
:
Ice so ya latte yes badly need to wake up people
We should go Saturday with Molly and JJ!
Did I not tell you?
Oh man.
Last week was killer.
I'll DM you.
ooohhhhh ya :D
wasssssuppppppp!
Bacteria and Fungi
Absolutely!
In fact, it is encouraged!

The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
aye your hawt
That's precious.
Love you both!

DirectionersAreDisrespectful  I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 23 irrelevant asses..
Lobby is clearing out now, individual speakers to begin in minutes on 6th floor.
Stay tuned!
Looking for a Business Analyst to work on a project in Rochester, NY.
If you have Sales or Order Management please send me a message.
Wil
For Sale sign goes up tomorrow.......
lol I'm trying..
how are u
FindSomeoneWho is compatible to you in every way...it makes life easier
ok Nevermind the messaging is acting retarted 5616336944 text me so I can save your number Dale ;
More event details at www.liverosedale.com!
Smoothies, food, music, balloon art and more at The Resort at Rosedale!
Follow the signs to fun!
: I hate only wanting to talk to one person an everyone but them texts u
10 bonus points to whoever can tell me the movie Karl Hungus is from.
Just found out my sister is expecting a baby boy!
Can't wait to buy him lots of gear.
Got any good classes coming up I can borrow from?
:
Congrats to my dude for making the DWTS finals.
Bring that crystal ball home, doctorver!
I think he's an honorable mention along with Konstatine Koltsov.
Ima good ass gf!
I already kno...
do u?
Happy Birthday to my mama!
Breakfast in bed, and hitting up TI pool 
fruit punch is my fav.
I will be happy when the rest of the world is back to work...it saves me from being a serial stalker on Facebook!
Lol
I'm starting to think that will never be able to doctorve.
ANYTHING Interesting Happening Today Besides SecretLife Tonight??
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on OralB Dental Floss and most oral care products.
Mama, I hear flowers in the music  my 3yr.old's description of classical music playing while doctorving to day care.
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
When can i put it n ur hands?
I like 2 c the people that wear PoPRoC Gear!
Let me know ur local BMORE OR DC?
i just clicked on a wonky spam link, do i have to like change my password now or some crap?
yea it is : i wish i still lived on Oahu : i wud so meet up with you....o and btw try stand up paddling its super fun :D
as in former MU star?
I was his 1 fan my frosh year :
Lauren is going to beat me up now 
Why?
Everything all right?
Total papers to grade this semester: 156.
152 left!
Had an hour long massage, now sitting by the pool in NOLA before party tonight
It's going to be a night you'll never forget!
Thanks for using ShowClix have an amazing time :
We're back baby!
Spread the word.
Retweet this
Fuck it, school can wait til tomorrow
I'll do my run at the same time Of..
that means 6:30am CST..we'll see..
If a guy orders a Sausage Party pizza from  the girl taking the order will snicker.
I'm thinking so, yeah.
What time is game?
Deaks sounds fine.
How can libraries support a 'just because' society just because I want it ?
Helene Blowers
don't understand why my i've developed this insomnia.
at least i won't need to adjust back to NY time with this sleep schedule.
I will tell a everyone
I hear ya.
If somebody says there a Raiders fan then I follow them no matter how much they tweet Some may be working but most do
you know, he adlibbed the line about 'tears in rain'  and it's the best line!
I Love Him !
what are you watching
iight finals comin up so ben n tha library
ha thnk u very much
workin on it!
some of the necessary people went on vacation for a few days :/
You think we need one more?
Yeah you think we need one more....
I think knows why im burger famous now
I will in a few: but anyways how was everyone's day today?!
I intellectualize all the time.
I'm doing it right now.
When should something be ended when you know it is wrong but you can't go without it?
It will and you going to be like oh my gosh it is AMAZING!
I do to
Happy Leap Day do something amazing for someone else !
What are you gonna do with you extra day?
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
Thanks for the follow, Jori
you're welcome :
just finished watching thevampirediaries and my mind is blown.
thingsifindattractive someone who has their shit together !
So true!
RT A6 Create evirmnt that supports Mktrs improving skills, planning  balance that w/measuring execution results
Some fans the Caps have.
Triple OT and a bunch of empty seats visible in the lower bowl.
Fill those seats !!
watching Group Love  who walked out to Kanye's Monster.
Nice.
What my job is: Pie Taster : What was my goal: Im thinking
Thanks so much!
Miss you boo boo.
Travis!
Travis!
haha!
I'd love to know what you find out.
I'm in bed but my eyes won't shut
My 1st mother's day is coming up!
Gettin a new tat soon just need to decide where on me I want it
I feel so awkward right now.
do you have any wave invites?
.
is hiring a Strategy Director.
Send me a note for more info.
CharlotteRusse just made my day!
Two new doctorsses  a shirt for 25!
And it was 5 cent for shipping:
I know that kid.
:
taking my mom to sullies for MothersDay 'cause she has work nomnomnoom
Yahoo Purchases it is the best place for conducting the comparisons from Family Of room of the collections of furniture Armcha :
dontbetardy Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait, that's what my mom did And I turned out great
super slowmo replay Amber!
I've seen a few bogus empty emails recently too.
Too me from me, I think.
On umich.
Happy Birthday !3 :D
you'd make more  working for the dark side
we want to know idoctor's reasonn!!
doctornking beer out of a coffee mug...sometimes you just have to improvise...
in your 20s, you can get away with looking like a hot mess.
In your thirties not so much.
People expect more of you.
some sage
go to mine and zachs game.
Looks like I'm not having a summer.
Damn Summer school
thanks for the RT!
What's up with you guys?
Tip on it.
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant from 5:307:30 Pm.
Twisting from table to table.
Come in and Visit!
Are you at Blink182??
Ah!
UA site still has you in the air.
Was hoping you weren't out of fuel.
The say you'll land at 10:06pm.
Know some1 who needs legal help?
is coming Thurs 11am to
Why so we take so many math benchmarks?
They're so annoying!
no it's just ugly :
Yep.
RT : yep, that was the spot, was that name of the arcade in the Galleria?
Passion Pineapple...the more the merrier!
I'm getting back in action now though!
Gotta get this mess of a house sorted first...
:P
RT Guys Cheat On Pretty Girls with Ugly Girls, Because Ugly Girls Are Willing To Do Everything A Pretty Girl Won't
look for new cast member John Verea.
He might make you snap out of your stupor ;
Hahhahahahahahahaha I'm such a bitch I pissed a bunch of guys on myyearbook they thought i seriously wanted to get with a guy, bahaha
: You guys got any on funny on field stories?yea.
TJ got kicked in his balls.
And then punked out
iOS supports sharing highlights to Pinboard and Evernote, as well as twitter and Facebook
Watching Who Frame Roger Rabbit, yes it been that kind of day.
A smile is truly priceless.
If a smile can make one happy then smile.
Its worth every cent for a moment of happiness in one's life.
LFC is playing in Baltimore on July 28!!!
I was so excited, I did a big fist pump at the Doctor's office while my wife was giving blood!
world book night was a success!
handed out 20 free copies of pattie smith's just kids to people at the game store  bars.
Do U Johnson Co IN idiots NOT realize thereIS more 2YOUR life than what goes on at OUR property?
If we wanted U n our lives wewould reachout
Help!
Site keeps timing out...can't even login currently.
This alopecia is making any sort of facial hair a real challenge.
Why do I torture myself by rewatching season 8 of Project Runway knowing that I really want to slap some fashion sense into Gretchen?
congrats you've won the Caboodles kit packed with great JohnsonJohnson product!
Happy birthday, beautiful!
Have a great day.
THANKS SOO MUCH!!
oh the awkward years.
I do debate removing those from Facebook sometimes
Thanks!
Excited about the event and presentation  should be a really interesting event.
Prom tonight 
guess oomf cant text backk now..
Oh, boo hiss on that!
TAKE 2 AH PLACE!
Thx RT : Congratulations!
Keep up the good work serving Mke.
If I can help with your success in any way, let
I concur
good y
My 11:11 wish is you.
16 girls who date my uncle's wow way to keep it in the family!
My best friend got to have chocolate chip cookies and coke for breakfast.
I was always so envious.
Come on D!
Hold em'!
Hey thanks RT : Thanks for the Follow, great looking site, I like your style
i want to wait for the bus but it passes at 4 o:
Sounds dangerous.
Watch your testicles!
LiLLiES of WoodleyPark DC is the perfect spot for a TweetUp amongst you dcfoodies !
Call 202.450.4824 to find out about our private room!
Thank you!!
3
Tonight!
Heavy sole will be playing Tidballs in bowling Green,ky!
If u are in the area..
Come out!
I'm ready
Reuters: House speaker Boehner told Obama he would not allow debt ceiling increase without doing something serious about the debt
I wont let anything deter me on this hectic humpday morning from making it to teach in Lil Haiti
I hate when people get mad over everything.....
I can NEVER watch abdc with my parents right 
Only love lets us see normal things in extraordinary way.
Goodnight Twitter!
You probably won't be up and running when I wake up for Apple WWDC!
Cool pic!
Is that a tea cup?
:
Is there anything more impressive than what Josh Hamilton did last night?
RT : Excited for upcoming release iOS 5 Developer's Cookbook giving away 5 books retweet EOD to enter...
I find unexpected depth in his oneoff SNL characters.
Dear God, please turn the heater off in california, 105 is too hot!
burningup globalwarming?
Watch out!
: P
at her funeral I wore my Ky getup that what she want misterto do so I know u mean it
How are you liking college life?
Anyone want to be shipped while I'm in art tweet me a number and your name ill give yow a last name :
geez ari, sorry you find my gospel so offensive.
Nothing but love for you.
At the car and bike show.......its crazy out here!
when are you moving ?
I need a ride to midway at 4:30 am.
Can you help me out?
Try ginger ale and/or pepto if your tummy's still queasy.
Or any caffeine free soda.
Waiting to go to theovies with they guys
God is Great and more than Worthy to be Praised!
Remember...Success without God SUCKS!
And on to a second hole for the playoff
A belated one, lol
AMEN!
It's the thought, no big dealGod don't like ugly!
Just saw some sunshine...!!!
Cmon I'm actually home tonight...shake it off and let's go
Reminds me of the Shaun Livingston injury.
I poured out some of my Big Gulp as a tribute
thank you and that is a great saying!!!
Joes in love with the mcdonalds girl
Wish I would have realized that.
Would have sent to your rescue.
Correct but a tad too slow just as Hamilton was :
oh yea, it's dinner parties and barbecues for my  friends.
First names better but Y not use FB?
Hope you're having a better day today!!
:
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
Export Stout, Jamie Bock, and our Schwarzbier are all on tap at the brewpub!
Usher in Spring with these malty and tasty brews...
Thanks for the heads up, will look into it.
New York City has by far the best free swag.
THE.
BEST.
ITALIAN WEDDING SOUP, YUMZ!
Leave for Oklahoma in 23 hours.
Should probs sleep.
Night!
why did u get banned?
I love to see how girls doctorss once it gets a lil warm
just saw your headshots they look great!
And yes that song is so good.
Wis.
Assembly debate on budget has not yet started.
Members are trickling in.
People in gallery are singing We Shall Overcome.
ha.
I ran yesterday and had a few of them.
No bikes on the sidewalk if you are over 12.
ever!
Happy birthday !
You're old.
To God be the glory in every aspect of my life.
I refuse to take the credit for God's Favor.
happy Sunday to you!!
:
Great  will get that set up then.
We can't trust her VickyScammerJ SugaNSpiceScammer
I can't believe you actually just tweeted her that...GUURLLL lol LOVEYA!
Im doctornk and high at the same time doctornkin champagne on a airplane
RT : BREAKING: Secret Service: 3 employees leave agency in wake of Colombia scandal; investigation ongoing
Count down to the Race  only 13 days!
Do you have a favorite race tip?
RT: where is Curtis wade idk I havent seen him
my name is in san Antonio tx w chop shop radio.I hope I can get 10min interview w u on the phone.let me know
Had a great night at the holiday party!
Great people great time!
heck if i know!
Lol.
Ha, f'sho.
Who has two thumbs and started a conversation on a topic pretty well outside her own diss?
This girl!
HAHA!
I totally freaked out when idgie started doing it.
apparently, i am that overanxious mom.
Is it weird to get hit on at Family Court?
You don't fool me, lady.
You're just another screaming match waiting to happen.
ha!
Thanks, I have the thinkprogress version of that article bookmarked.
WORKIN ON A JOINT DO HE CAN GET HIS SING ON!
BRUH SWARE HE GOT THEM VOCALS!!!
I love coffie thats ho we I start all my mornings :
Thanks for following me on twitter and !
Lost my keys this weekend.
It was a good weekend, but I'd really like my keys back.
or help?
Need to check mail too.
man u ain't neva lie bro..
cant argue with that one
LOVE LOVE LOVE BOLLYWOOD DANCE CLASS, but it makes me sweat!
It is time to call it a day!
Have a great evening!
Greatness is what got us here haaahahaaa Greatest Rappers Alive
I feel it we got rid of brandon marshall his cry baby ass
Fellow followers, who has a gold buying/selling company that they trust?
Any recommendations and why?
hey misterSwaggerific!
Thanks for following.
:
Minor kerfuffle.
Back online!
Let us know if you still can't login to your dashboard.
I made steak!
you're my hero!
busy!
Hope to catch you on a chat soon!
Happy Wednesday to you!
ripwhitney thirty minutes before I found out about her death, her national anthem played  the rodeo I attended.
oh that suck I waited so long to meet him the first time I met him was awesome im sure when you meet him it will be special
The amount of news over samesex marriage and civil unions through the U.S.
in the last few days is staggering.
Now that baseball season has started, Spring is officially underway!
he's a damn beast
I think you're going to reach 2k Tonight!!!!!!
Feeling like doing a trivia to kill time.
Ariana or HG?
:
and good morning to ya.
is trying to figure how to get everything done in less than 24 hours.
Does that perchance mean you brought the 'Fresh N' Easy' lady home with you then?..
;OP
hash tag that shit
ikr!and he is like perfect!
you was spittin on there
must see....
Koch brothers exposed.
RT : Influence Flows through small groups.
Shares Twitter 5 to 1 , Facebook 9 to 1
lucky!
My chance will come sooner or later..
hopefully sooner :
Exactly, I rep HH all the way.
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary!
and you doll are miss extraordinary:xoxomiss mimi pink
nope, just on call as usual
Anyone in Des Moines want to spend a couple hours with me geeking out over the 1940 census?
I'm free Tuesday evening.
Get in touch.
:
that's a lie.
Unless of course, Friday's is your cave.
;
ElieWiesel will be speaking at The Trial of Adolf Eichmann: 50 Years Later.
Join us or ask your questions online!
Happy Mother's Day!
:
Calm down please..
:/
the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
Called my mom at lunch to ask to make me a cake FTW!
hoping the same in North Central!
Headed to Atlanta for a screening of our film
awww.
i never see you either :' :'
we won the first round of battle of the bands last night woo!
Thunder Dan Majerle right now on with Bruce Jacobs on The Fan AM 1060 and steaming live at www.azsportstalk.com!!!
On the menu tonight  glutenfree frittata with roasted eggplant and red pepper, with a salad of radicchio, olives and tomatoes.
A2: Would start my own grassroot organization in Nigeria supporting women in business and education
You are welcome!
No, we won't.
Sorry!
Have fun  give us a call when you have the time or check us out on FB : TYates
: You are too funny love u too uhh...who ya talkin to?!!
thanks Liam  I'm sure it will be
Well that was a nice 5 hour nap.
:/
that smart ass comment wasnt nice!..you just DISSED TF outta me!..danngg
yeah, go ahead and try to kill me.
Smh lol
Thank god there's a new saturday.
Since I'm sick all weekend.
It's gonna give me sunshine like always .
3
RT if you're a student!
Present your ID before you order  we'll give you 10 off!
Did you know that you cannot be embodied unless your body is a hospitable host?
haha better believe it.
Plus, there's nothing like a good
if i must follow u to flirt with u, u best entertain me!
lmao P
they are already, won coupe de France..
Hilarious!
: Stephen Colbert says his Super PAC is considering another name change to: John Colbert Cougar Super MellenPAC.
EF
It's finally Friday!!!
Don't miss the weekend kickoff !
Strobe  Lauren G providing the tunes!
4 VIP
Look if you wanna have a Label Become a Barbie
Cooking brontosaurus burgers.
RT : Gus, why is the fire so big?
That awkward moment when you doctorp your cocaine in the snow this reminds me of horrible bosses lol xD
ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout How twitter causes YOUR procrastination
Are you moving soon?
Want to help the environment and save some money?
Call us for your next move and mention our Facebook post and get...
Holy crap!
Our blipfamily playlist has 17 hours of music!
that's right, was just talking about callups.
both should be here to stay from now on.
Are we living in the Matrix?
Keep up the good work!
I love your tweets
A12: Think of service you're providing and how to do it, be creative.
Engage activiely, digital and IRL, for twoway connex.
Sucky for you, an check your dms.
not yet, I will keep you posted!
you at sxsw?
I'm in line for the event.
The front lawn pisser I assume?
Did you convince them that Shudderville is the place to be if indoor plumbing isn't their thing?
Hahaha I know
Love how there are only 5 seniors in school today
Thank you to the producers of SHADOW WITNESS for giving me a single card credit as 1st A.D.
yep!
Major
I hate mister.
Suarez  so unnecessarily loud so early in the morning
Looking for a spot outside tonight for about 16.
Ideas?
Props/Congrats 2 on the Walgreens task win but more so for the tons of INTEGRITY shown and speaking the proof!
The right opposed tax increases for the wealthy but supports union busting for the middle class in the name of shared sacrifice  ironic!
I'm hungry ...
Time to go eat :3
I just found out I won an Award from AudioFile Magazine!!
It will be announced in the June/July issue.
Thanks !!
ya listen
missed you both too
Tomorrow i'm gonna upload some Spencer List pics :D
Check DM big bro
Thank you!!
Dont know where learned about legalizing Earthlings.
He didnt get it from me!
I second that, but the benefits are worth it, ok...
Maybe...ok...
Sometimes....
Nevermind
We watched amazing artist bring back that old school rapture!
come to schoonernight Jake is coming over at 630 to head over
nope ur just sitting in a random strangers house watching movies and eating their food.
Who are the other big Rush sponsors?
Someone send me a link please!
fuck work.
i wish i had some cigs up in this bitch
Why is it that people always use the ones who are nice to them but love til death those who can care less?
Have a great weekend!
I will look at your work and follow up this week.
Thanks
TOMORROW!
Please hurry!
Awh I wish I could buy it but, my parents dont let me buy things frm the internet  frm a credit card : /3
i cant wait to go home and eat
GENEALOGY, n.
An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own.
Ambrose Bierce
Thanks to and for allowing me to perform Saturday!
It was a great fundoctoriser!
Looking forward to your event at Purple Cafe during the Conference in June!
assure Cathy that can be arranged.
I'll look forward to it!
Assure Tommy  no overshare.
He's da bomb.
we need that lockdown D against OKC from you
You gotta take Wall
How's everyone's day going?
Hope all is well with my Twitter peeps :
I'm lookn fa ah rider
Also, only the magic that is Howard Stern could prompt me to watch America's Got Talent tonight.
Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Dinner Sandy's Cafe 3 fish tacos free delivery GREAT!
Open 24 HRS Key West FL
Fleener, Glenn or L.
David...
Hm
aallfs countering the Radiohead success, Stephen king gave up writing a voluntary 'pay what you will' novel  though maybe it sucked
Beautiful ladies and gentlemen, Down With Scarlett is born.
Follow the classiest girls in town
: I wanna be a surgeon so bad.
Mydoctoram
Our latest US Call Center Statistics: We answer 99 of all calls to 877 459 0777 LIVE!
When you're an mister customer your call is important!
All's well here bro!!
Thx
that's great!
WomensHistoryMonth WomenWhoInspire my grandmother who just celebrated her 100th birthday this past sunday.
June 26 is a special day
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes.
You really made my day!
Ugh.
Somehow I convinced myself Wayne's shows were end of May.
Great.
All yinz running good luck!
Have fun!
Stay hydoctorted.
Cheers!
Dancing to Michael Jackson makin pancakes lol
ikr we could get doctornk i wanna see how they are when there doctornk i know they'll be so much fun lol
no but he said he wasn't chase
Woo WILKES VEGAS!
with the GWG!
I make grilled sourdough sandwiches with them.
The packaged ones are always to mushy.
Yes, please come tell us about your strategy map!
Social media must be on there somewhere....
Yankees game!!
: xx you have an iPhone too now.
Honestly there has to be cool things we can do then.
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes.
Moody, but just enough bleepbloop to be fun.
Check them out via
I think everybody decided to get a hair cut this morning.
ah cool, that will be awesome when you do!!
ewwww traffic on the cape is gross
I am truly addicted to television.
we do a great job with corporate coupons
i was hoping you'd represent!
i still haven't seen that
Now u know , i didn't mean it like that ; Huuuuhhh!
So glad you posted this; he really stands out as someone I enjoyed working with
Hiring on managers of analytics?
Morning world
naively tried to get to the Rally to restore sanity by metro.
No such luck.
Came back home to watch over the web.
Stewart it killing it!
oh I ain't even know she was there.
lol
My mom went through eye surgery where they thought she was under, but wasn't.
Pretty traumatic.
Thank you!!
I'm jealous of the people going to the midnight premiere of the avengers!
The Big Bang Theory 3

around 3 weeks.
I may be only here to tweet BTR  1D a few times, but that's it.
So yeah, tweet you all properly in a few weeks.
x
lmfao no u dont u had enuff at school
just watched the performance on youtube but I've never seen the movie, do they end up together?
I don't play Hard to get...
I play, Never going to happen ;
My GPS says I went a little further...
BUT I'M A HALFMARATHONER!!
I just finished a 13.7 mi run with Nike GPS.
Nice purse, hot stuff!
vicarious jet lag?
Want to be my sunshine?
Awwws If  and  150,000,000 km, then stay away from me.
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday...
;
I do not have the new iPad no
my mom wants me to get a job so I'll definitely apply and we can work together!
:
When God opened the window of the Heaven He asked me:What is your wish for 2day I said :Please take special care of the person readin dis x
Getting the grill ready !!
follow me.
I will be truely grateful.
it was like living through On The Road.
Eclectic.
Psychotic.
Genius.
which ones have you seen!?
Happy Cinco de Mayo to our favorite people!
Celebrate!
HUGE fire across the street from my house on ocean parkway ..somebody isn't going to have a good christmas :
I always love the part of the QA when one person hijacks the meeting w/ a public official to discuss their pet issue.
Anyone on here use eBay I bought something and it showed up in my purchase section for awhile but is not there anymore?
What does that mean?
It's not impossible to be perfect, where's the comfort in that?
schoolmemories jacking off in the school bathroom in 7th grade.
I didn't look at your bio I looked at your name duh....
Not everyone wants a casino in their backyard...what one Columbus suburb is saying about the proposal..all the news, traffic and weather !
People continue to find creative ways to spell my name; just today I've seen Hilary, Schuller, Shuler and Schular...all from people at work.
what happened to the brawlers story?
:/
Mother nature 
why panic over something that should have happened two years ago
If you do not like numbers, then check back later for encoded images rendered as of the Maya sculptures.
Coming shortly.
I'm gonna start Pinterest today!!
Yay!
Nw terminator 2: judgement day..
I hate the flat faced semi bc of this movie..
fuckin creepy
Why can't it be both?
That is a wonderful saying.
Thanks
Thank you Sarah!
RT : FF new friends!!
RT : Carnegie has initiated a 1time grant prog.
for journalism schools to undertake science journalism curriculum projects
making your way into Mordor to deal with that whole ring issue
No doubt man if u in the area come thru RT : good.
Let me know if I can help
hush your mouth!
I hope your having a wonderful time haha
I should really get started on that essay.
I'm goin need a follow back y
Lmao Only Thing i Could Think of...Remember.
if You Dont Have Haters, Then You Arent Doin Somethin Right :
Just when you though the thermostat couldn't innovate the world: www.nest.com
Bacon with a side of bacon.
: What's your favorite Saturdaymorning breakfast?
Created a monster.
No I just changed my ways for a bit lml I'm back tho
Can't wait to see mayweather kick some ass this weekend
I'm loving the new organic kale salad in PB produce section.
Thanks!
Can you please get more organic doctorssing?
Not a GMO fan
FINALLY googlereader got an update to match...
but is it really better?
:/
I don't know :.
Feel like this was a hush hush show.
I agree.
Thought what was missed was the power of how the story was told.
Artist Tweet
: Ok why am I up so early?
Oh well, in 4 hours I will be busy looking at the.
1940 census!
woot!!
Lob City should've won
so much love in the air
RT : TEE OFF AT 10:10 AM: Fog delay has been lifted at PGA.
Play starts in half an hour.
I'm trying to add three dollars.
: Clippers need a good night sleep in their own beds!
Agreed!
With a good breakfast, eggs and BLAKEON!
TimeOut CLIPPERS 6 Grizzlies 5 with 6:25 left in first quarter.
psychology work without detzel 
Hey guys, add us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/fromapathy
doesn't hootsuite charge these days?
Damn, I can use one more day off!!
Ever since the Feds busted megaupload, I haven't been as excited to look for some of my shows that Hulu doesn't carry.
Like Nurse Jackie.
If you're on Facebook, we'd love to chat there, too!
Lots more info/photos to come  because sometimes 140 characters just isn't enough!
I'll be at the LAFOB on that Sundayas long as my leg is willing.
:
Heading to the coast with my sister and grandson!
It is a good day.
Thinking about motorcycles again.
Epic trip boys, let's do it again soon !!
And this is the reason Paul Martin is hated, pinching way up the ice..leads to a breakaway.
Luckily JJ choked.
ok, sounds like a plan!
Also, I would like there to be a doctornk called the bosley...
make it happen :P
What did you learn about the History of Article 9?
What'd She Order?
Fish Filet?
WANT TO GAIN NEW FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW HES TEAMFOLLOWBACK AND HAS 46K FOLLOWERS U CAN EASILY GAIN FROM!
RETWEET  GO FOLLOW!
RT: I adore More specifically, my client services rep just rocks.
Love helpful, responsive vendors!
a mere 70 years of quantitative breeding optimized for corporate imperatives quadoctorpled what all previous civilization had accomplished.
He's pretty darn cute too!
Don't tell but I have a crush.
U know they have cajun Happy Meals down there right...lol!!
Got u homie
Harriet Fulbright College would like to wish everyone a happy holiday and a wonderful new year!
who's got next game?
where's the goddamn signin sheet?
whatever!!
I choked, twice!
lol well its been a brutal season and seems like all the Sox fans have gone hiding except me lol
Boston bound...
Home sweet home
thanks for following me.
WOW they playing Black Dynamite on PeachTree tv....
RT if you agree that Austin has a nice body!
RT : In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
Unknown
THIS.IS.AWFUL
Today's Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame luncheon was a success.
So many journalism legends in one room, I'm left humbled  enamored.
There are rumors that if that doesn't get done, they may make a deal with Norfolk.
franseno da beast over east is now the new host of the hottest hip hop show on the planet streetprenuer.tv
You're so welcome  glad to get you feeling better!
LOL!
That dude, man..
Manchi needs to chill with his primo more often.
Yes, rhetorical analysis, but with a twist.
Call it an interface analysis.
Also inspired a little by thinkaloud protocols.
I am the author of my life.
Unfortunately I'm writing in pen and I can't erase my mistakes...
i was built for the bread...
happy bday kyle 50 is cool
Dear Haters , I know everyone has there opinion but seriously why can't you keep it to yourself for a change .
Crossfade, COLD...some people can be so fucking COLD...tell ya they love ya and shit on ya
Singing it forever
awe I wish I could always be there for you like you are with me everyday lol
EVERYONE TREND ICONicBoyz worldwide tonight!!!
RT
That's more like it.
And your magical singing just reached the west coast.
I think you caused 1,000 pregnancies.
What about Hillel: In a place where there are no men, strive to be a man.
I don't get it until Wednesday!!!
So excited!
That would be awesome if we could organize a ride!
Hahah it's not about you if that's where you're going with this.
My mom asked if I wanted cream in my coffee.
I said moms on this body??
Make it soy
OnceYou get attached, you're screwed
3 what your about!
very inspiring!
:
Corn dogs is my favorite food group.
So very dissappointing!
I'm losing my steam, enthusiam and optimism.
Power is apparently a bipartisan intoxicant.
it still works.
Autocorrect win!!!
Game five
looking for more work for my portfolio!!!!
dm if your a photographer and would like to get together....
Touché.
We make the world more interesting.
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
Zig Ziglar
A girlfriend/boyfriend who holds you down, in spite of what happens 
I was hoping the people of Twitter would save me some has money.....no such luck.
American Way!
haha !
my chick bad, my chick good.
my chick do stuff that ur chick wish she could!
hahahah, I have no idea!
Text me!
Night a: going to bed that sucks O.K bye
Swag,Swag,Swag ..On you ;
HELLO THERE !!!!
Movies would be so awkward if there wasn't always background music.
youre in Houston sir?
Welcome!
Any more shoutouts?
I taught a friend how to take screenshots w/her phone  now I'm getting pleas to help her get unstuck in WwF
No lie  everything in this tweet is gross other than DONUTS : TheJimDean inspired me to try Dunkin.
Not bad tuna sandwich hey
I have a great idea for the Today show.
Let's send Hoda  Kathy Lee 2 a kindergarten class so they can learn listening skills.
I am excited for you all.
Experiences like these can be so enriching  eye opening.
Compassion in Action!
I can't stop thinking about how tired I am.
very nice pic with Morgan McMichaels ;
Just tried to bust the water bump with a need on my belly ring  it hurt .
So if sum go wrong y'all that's wat happend
Follow me because I'm following Christ
but so many have Ps3
Steve is presenting at SCOPE today in Miami.
SemTech to revolutionize clinical trial data management and analysis!
thanks for the follow dude
Let's do this right!!
:
What's happening tonight pgh?
I might see you up there then.

Construction worker rescued from trench
Love target ad alouette!
I'm glad you will be with Big Blue for the long haul.
How are you feeling?
God Bless!
this weather was fuckin up my hair nshit 
Google is like the virtual god to all living things.
Photo shoot with today!
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 35:30 with Nike GPS.
lmao!
I doctornk pickle juice...
The shitty part is that everyone knows who I am because I look EXACTLY like my mother.
So I feel like a jerk.
I have 200 cousins!
Not fair!
love it...
Thank you.
i hate those ;P
The band fun.
reminds me of Queen.
CONT..
and are hiring these women to work for them and pay for sex right across the street.
He will make a great Day of the Weeks.
He was voted best smile in HS!
RT : Matt Moore is the truth
stress can kill a man listen to your inner body
They say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me.
Young love murder this is what this must be.
There.
Guess that makes me rotund...RT : On our way to Bakery Square!
See you at 2:00.
Be there or be square...
: TV  mags for chefs isn't abt egoit's pride in your craft, and the success of your peers.
We got a great new product mirrored illuminated windshields with led lights.
Check it out.
www.darksideshields.com
Hey there, you're actually already on it :
It's a chilly fall day here in NYC but I hear the midwest is in the 30s?
Nighthawks Saturday Night Baby!
I always buy you things.
Just come back to nyc
RT  The Cleveland Indians lead the AL Central by 0.5 games...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in music because they shill us better than any other label would
PICTURE ME GIVING A FUCK ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL.
FUCK WIT ME DOG!
Round 2 in the MWC Tourney!
The Aztecs game will be shown at 4 pm PST on CBS College Sports.
Want to bring your family where FrankSinatra always sat?
Then bring them to Twin Anchors  see why he loved us so much!...
blah Blah BLAH!!!
Sitting in on panel abt student journalism at day 2 of SPJR9 conf.
Familiar issues for me w/
hes like a racoon always diging in my garbage.
mother fucker never goes away.
TeamMindless all day, everyday

Message Me It On Facebook Then , Lol .
nothing but the best
Morning ready to hit the ground running
Thanks for info, shame it wasn't able to be finished.
Looks like they could've finished before any real weather got here.
Oh well
Before something happens in the world it must first happen in your mind!
thanks!
they were well received so maybe I'm onto something
working with the FANSHOES crew at the office!
45 min walk at 7am in hong kong and I need to change my shirt....should have brought more clothes
glad to see you finally moved out of your parent's house.
AWE TEXT 4RM SCOOP ALL SMILES BEFORE MY GAMES
How bout a knuckle sandwich?
maybe you rock a purse.
finally got your braces off!: now their free!!: Btw: you have a great smile and perfect teeth!:
Today sucks.
I want to go home.
no.
The backlash from the vote tonight minor compared to possibly taking state in November.
and I made it.
So.
Tired.
this is ridiculous, I'm freaked out now, Luck now mates
i wish i can get these songs
So are you Sabo's bottom half?
apparently Mulder loves the hippie chicks though.
Love at first sight.
Think P.I.G.
thats my motto.
P stands for Persistence, I stands for Integrity, and G stands for Guts.
Linda Chandler
lol was it that bad?!
Well if u banked w/boa then I could order you a new one but no CA boa is on a diff system anyway lol
Awesome weather today!
lmaoooo i know im never on here anymore : lol
Me to Bad decisions make great stories.
response I have a lot of great stories
pink courts yes.
seems pretty stoked about them.
i am not; though can't define my antipathy in 140 characters.
You are 100 ON TARGET!!!
thanks for the tweet!
too many people think that SM is the answer to what ails them...
I think it's much more American to defend the wealthy than to defend the gross poors and support their moochism.
Thank you
Come try out our beer pong tables........or play a game of ping pong.
Tiger Beer bottles 2
Last Tweet i just did read it cause it
If Cliff Lee doesn't get the W here, that means hes not very good, right?
I wld love a croquemadame from Morels French Steakhouse  Bistro..
now!
putting it into the universe
Step it up,
And this  RT : This  RT : Everyday I discover something more about Columbus that I love.
follow back ?
BF on the other hand is completely apolitical...
its why we work I think :p
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONSS
Today turned out to be more interesting than I thought :
Merry Christmas everyone!
omg haha I was pissed and confused!
Mane dang lol still with them
Only I could run into a Giants fan in Minneapolis!
TRUST calling me mean wont change who iam....you might get an Even Bigger Asshole out of me
haha you know I don't.
RT : Nicolas Batum says on a scale from 1 to 10, the pain in his knee is a 5.
Says he just twisted it.
You should come by....RT : Everytime I see a photo/think of , I immediately want a beignet of theirs.
10 i love being by myself, being followed by friends all the time is annoying .
Pretending to not understand my dyslexic boyfriend.
And God saw that it was good.
how bout you blame the knicks being plain ole trash and bulls being the better team.
:smugfavre:
hi : hello good morning....or good afternoon : love you 3
shut up
what a beautiful sunrise this morning...
Another day to give and be thankful.
congrats on the Masters.
More importantly congrats on your son.
i am hoping it's an aug.
light machine gun on the wall would be awesome!
I dont like this new twitter.
dislike dannah
is done with his project for Colonial Williamsburg!
Not sure what's more fun: sending in the finished product or sending in the invoice?
I def feel that.
What are you doing tonight?
Boston bett me up today.
Too tiered!
1 person per area to increase their visibility and recognition by running their local city's business network.
Here local business grow!
Volunteering at the FlyingPig bright and early tomorrow morning!
Off to bed :
The only thing that is stopping me from switching to Netflix is watching The Bachelor live...
Pulitzer Ctr, The LAMP, Baruch, CUNY Jour, Stony Brook, News Literacy Proj panels all starting now.
High school students everywhere!
brewers are too much awesome!
North Dakota are coming over on Friday to finish the EP!
4 songs are recorded and almost ready!
3
if that's why they left you, do you really want them?
RT : If God leads you to it, he will lead you through it
Thanks for the FF Chris!
not yet tweet it to and follow him he'll followback
: does annyone know some other great songs of JimiHendoctorx ???
Yes: Room Full of Mirrors, Machine Gun, Message of Love,doctorfting
love u of course we can't forget bout
u usually jus walk by or do u chill under the heating lamps as well?
Chateau playing for ART Moves lunch hour entertainment  now in our building at 25 S.
Oklahoma Ave.
jesus i belive in u ur the reason i belive the reason that i breath for all i am...
Writing the first doctorft of an article on our Kickstarter experience.
We'll let you know when it's done!
where yall at
he just followed you O.O
Happy Friday!
Looking forward to discovering uwsocial's presence!
If you don't change what you're doing today, your tomorrow will be no different than yesterday.
Another night, another win
I know exactly what I want and who I want!
The men who been here my whole life 1.God 2.Washington 3.Lincoln 4.Hamilton 5.Jackson 6.Grant 7.Franklin I love dem niggas man
Finding the right dog is hard, sigh.
Applying to rescue groups sucks, more sigh.
Good Morning Tweeps 
That's so sweet of you to offer to ALL of your followers.
Haha!
IS IT IN NJ??
Alb bands are to poor to have me film them and put them on youtube.30 bcks is cheap.
Nothing against Dylan Bundy, but striking out Mark Reynolds is by no means an accomplishment
You guys just have no idea what we have in store for you :
It show is some ugly bitches at ace like omg
Help!
Yard smells like cucumbers.
Do we have copperhead snakes, or is that just an old wives' tale?
Thanks for the QA!
Yay !
Great way to start a season.
lol, i don't got no workshop.
hehe : mines almost done anyways.
you guys are the best!!!!
Thank you for my flowers Awesome surprise!
nobody jus felt to tell u dat if it was i wont ever say nun esle to ya
LMT is longest movie title, something I just made up for no reason.
Now you try.
Don't forget to hashtag your entries.
I am listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show on Rewound Radio
astdoctorcDenison Bill Neale:  there is a fine line between vision and hallucination
7 Tips to Get Started with a Website Redesign
i like how things are going
Love DEN teacher appreciation week!
Thanks for trying...
Been snacking on and I love everything, especially the veggie chips which seriously satisfy my potato chip craving!
Now it looks like Port Cmsnr Ann Moore will make the presentation to the council Oct.
25.
unhappy, sez we need to talk now.
What39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan39;s Thoughts
Out of class early.
Nappin on the futon in the studio.
Aww,thanks.
You too!
:D
Hard to believe they thought that was a good idea.
Ha, ha, I am a Rick Perry expert.
What about you?QUIZ: How much do you know about Rick Perry?
wapo.st/ovt4g6
is my alltime chill artist.
Just turn his shit up on my ipod  I'm set.
man, you are lucky they don't tar and feather people anymore....
hay girls
Really don't want to be dealing with this shit right before prom
hey!
Avengers in eight days!
We're at commerce if you want to meet up.
what a day what a day it has been!
ah well at least i know tonight will be allot better well hope so.
cant wait till i get off.
train harder, faster, stronger!
Lol
just barely makin it back home in phoenix from denver!
long fuckin doctorve, im ready to crash out for a lil'while!!!
KimBeezy
s/o 2 my homie Fina RELEASE HIS NEW VIDEO: Wat Cha Kno Bout Me
coffee soon?
appreciate the mention and sharing your art.
Exciting day at Faviana today, we are shooting E!
for our Oscar doctorsses.
Tune in to E!
News tonight at 7 for all the coverage.
I love him, so I have to let him go..
Grand Opening this week  clearance priced Greek apparel!
Stop by today!!
Yeeeeessss...I have now perfected the technique for salon bouncy, soft hair at home!
It's
Do you know of a tasy recipe for sweet potato pancakes?
/ Not at all necessary, but I will DM you...
Lets see today I had coaching from 10am till 4pm.
Designed 2 ads.
Then off to a client call with a new friend in England.
How was your day?
THE GAME is definitely going on my list of songs to buy from itunes
how're you bby
Good Night!!!
DO IT!
I have never tried but beignets look great.
RT : You may have us there!
What is your favorite dessert?
Kiss you a
doctorgging desk chair across portland to new office, like a homeless
Just went and bought ice cream with my dad
RT It's not easy for an Aquarius to bad mouth you, but when they do, be careful because you'll wish you never went there

the distinct difference between green and blue, leaves against sky, birded
Just learned about the movement called Social Entrepreneurship  we can all do something!
It pleases me you're exercising, Ms.
McIItrot.
Keep your chin slightly tucked in and your jaw relaxed  doctorpped open.
Don't raise your chin for the high notes.
Sing in front of a mirror.
congratulations on the book's publication!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life.
It goes on.
Chicago is DEFINETLY having a signing.
:
I'll say it again !
Why does bad things happen to good people ?
This heffa really thinks she can hang wit me?!
Man you haft to be doctoraming!
yes I am an actor.
I'm just getting my feet wet with if Hough if you know what I mean.
I got a great coach and had various parts
someday, somebody will love the fuck out of you.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
nowplaying Segment, off Rainbow People.
Steve Turre.
Nice!
hi bye!
if I didn't have such a cannon for an arm I'd use that next year!
Don't wanna hurt you guys lol!

There is a Tornado Watch on campus this morning, so expect pop quizzes in all your classes.
Do u ever find yrself wanting everything all at once and being frustrated that u can't have it all??
RT : Another peeve: a personal invite to event w/price that's a mystery until after submitting name  email.
No thx :
Coach Congrats to you and Coach Mitch both!!!!!
GL in the NCAA!
Right!
And put the content where the users are looking for it.
Films/audios to YouTube, etc.
Nicely done
Serious bummer, man.
Was hoping UW didn't have these kinds of problems.
Should have known better.
Praying with you for her safe delivery to you all.
MOST OBVIOUS PUNCHLINE!
FAMILY GUY!
NOT!
M had a good meal :
Kroger has 2.99 lb.
top sirloin.
Go get it, I'll grill it!
Today is a day to recognize the teachers in your lives.
Be it InCollege or UnCollege.
We learn everywhere.
This is how I walk.
Like mister.
Ragsdale, my Kindergarten teacher.
Maybe she was in painI just thought she walked like a zombie...
I, too, support the basis of the OWS movement but the message is getting diluted, hijacked and misused by these folks and others.
There are so many directionators at my school and i just ...
Cant deal with them 
Ceaselessly intrigued by the angles of the human face  how they always persist.
Always change
Abe Lincoln Vampire Slayer, can't wait
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude.
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
The public should not be allowed to use public restrooms.
Been here since 545am its now 523pm...
off to my jefitas house for dinner!
BOOM!!
Long time no talk man hows the shoulder?
It was that feeling of being special  'worth it' that I think everyone felt empowered w/ yesterday.
We're all beautiful humans!
brandon marshall to the bears, cutler back, mario williams possible?
NFC North might be beastly next year, hope Lions can keep up
I just saw one of those greenpeace chicks with hairy ass legs.
Way to NOT convince me to help change the world.
You know new those songs you discover and listen to on repeat for the next few weeks?
For me right now that is Some Nights by Fun.
LOVE.
I forgot How awesome old REM is, IRS years.
Thank you spotify
I work full time as a sales director in oxford england have you ever been to the UK ?
How's the Big Apple without us?
Friendship fail.
At least we have Park City.
The pursuit of perfection focuses on what is not good enough.
Instead think dedication, effort, and commitment; which focuses on growing.
when u are just reaching out for someone to be there for you but they just leave.
The Hall of Famer, Patrick Ewing, is on the list as one of the 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All Time.
I'm spreading the joy 2day 
Best coffee in Portland  thanks for sharing and Happy 2012!
so proud of you brauny!!!
rule2 honor thy buffalo
The Senators have passion ...
we could use more of that in the House
:o what about thor?
I think that's his name lol HIS BODY 
u already have a boo
forreal though?
lol you're going to die because the baking time is like 50 minutes.
wtf is the world coming too!
Even though we hate each other Happy Birthday
This is especially true when you nurture it
please follow me i love youu
I will cut a bitch!
Done it bfor n aint scared to do it again!
what video did you just shoot?
Thanks Tracy, it's been fun...and I'm glad you appreciated it.
Marking our calendar for the upcoming culinary events.
Look forward to seeing you there!
Need a Motion Graphics/Animation artist to create a tutorial/instructional video.
Potential to go longterm.
Freelance.
Offsite.
Who's in?
really thank you!!!!!!
3 But you will need to tell me why exactly she had to unfollow you ..
Wow mom is settin me up car next month then truck in 6 boohh ya: oh and new HTC phone in 2 months for birthday: lifeisfreakingreat ...
lmao Thank you!!
Xo
Super stoked to be 100 cleared and DONE with physical therapy.
It's been long a battle, but well worth it!
have fun!!!
o.
well you should go just to see my beautiful face ;
Weakest walkoff sac fly ever by Braun.
Morgan was out.
But Brewers will take it.
Yeah buddy!
oh my.
Is that a bad phonetic spelling of Kennedy?
Forget that...
I'm not giving anyone the pleasure of my death via shower.
I can't see shit.
Watching My brother freaking out about a YuGiOh contest.
.
KU shows some life.
Have wonderful wheek!
Gay marriage could be wedge issue where Obama looks like flipflopper but his opponents look abysmally wrong.
I just want to buy shoes  clothes I need a sponsor!
Any takers?
:
You guys remember when Austin left me in that store in Nashville??
Yeahh that was a terrible day.
/3
Wish I had a tennis partner right now it is crazy nice out
At the Double Quick in Clarksdale.
Time for some Pickoolas!!
constant shuffling of the chairs isnt doing us any favours.
We missed our chance of a generational leader in '07
My girlfriend sucked 37 dks.
In a row?
i know right i hate that stuff
Born in the 919 until they change it to 252..
Ya know
It's deep,It's street,comin' at u in 3G speeds,Welcome to RockVille!Where anything's possible
bout to call Maria ;
Thanks for the review Justin!
We appreciate your support!
The radio always play a song thats been out for like a year now and calls it NEW MUSIC!!
...No
Versace and Robin Jeans linen today.
What's everyone else rocking today ?
Early morning work flow blues...
I feel like absolute shit.......
Gosh.
I sure do a lot of overtime.
Oh well, at least it's fun.
I think that's probably the case
I have an issue with women whose areolas aren't clearly defined.
Trying my best to live right cause I want God to hear my prayers when I pray!
Are we going to be inside or outside tomorrow?
Forgive  forget, bitch I already forgot .
have a reality TV show style competition.
Obstacle course, confessional booth, cockroach eating, vote off ivory tower
Gay in here be thinking its American best dance crew
what a perfect space for a museum!
I feel you..
we'll definitely cut down on that.
thanks for the support
been watching slightly in phone ....now on TV ....no offense again??
Good pitching by them???
It doesn't matter if you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
Anonymous
Time to read The Hunger Games!
I thought the Adele one was pretty good too, but what do I know :
Happy Easter everyone, and also happy birthday to
Besides working at , what is your summer doctoram job?
PT
I'm as baffled as you are.
It's bizarre.
wouldn't that be great
registering for jcdl2012?
i based my funding request 2 months ago on the 2010 AUS cost.
:P
Mark Madden, wherever you are, me and a bunch of others are gonna make your article a dead issue.
We are the stars, watch us shine.
I luv that ur a living brother!!!
Lmfao ;D
RT : Couples massage at with the wife!!
I like how babies always look doctornk.
Even after only one beer.
thanks!: i thought you would like it!have you heard young the giant?
we have talked to Digitaria before.
Great guys.
We have been working with MJD on our web revamp.
Like them alot.
I messin' with ya Truths!
How many IU win by tonight?
Heading off post but they won't tell me what we're doing.
Only supposed to be 63 in Fairbanks today so I'll be bringing my jacket again!
forget about golden girls what about mary tyler moore show?
loved her in that
He said  what do Chief Keef put on his Tacos?
...Sosa Baby!
LMFAO
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Seneca
David McCollough, almost as cool as Robert Osborne.
This is a great time to start dividing your perennials.
If you do it correctly, you can have several beautiful thriving plants to enjoy
LOL!
You Pepper Ann and Pippi Longstocking are a crew huh?
I lost to myself which leads to both jubilation and selfhate.
Some people just will not change and that is terrible.
Just his shadow...RT : any sign of Peyton yet?
getting business manga started.
lol yea he is
photographing?
When do you leave?
Should def be a double high five.
Yes, exactly!
I always have bacon grease available.
Seared cabbage in bacon grease?
M.
Stupid people need to stop and think what am i about to say before they speak the retarded thought that is about to leave their mouth
No school monday, Richmond today, get to go in late tomorrow and thursday.
Can you say best week of school ever?

why who are you
Well, at least Ben did not get injured tonight.
Or at least could walk off the field.
It's been a rough season.
Disappointed they closed the store in Ardmore PA  why aren't there more stores in Philly area?
Thank heaven for VCRs Cuing up week 1 vs.
Saints.
Aaron was spectacular!
To do list: 1.
Hustle 2.
Keep game tight 3.
doctorp Swagu 4.
Make that paper 5.
Run this 6.
Go from the window to the wall 7.
Brief rest.
Thanks for following!
Look forward to your insights.
Boys are so difficult, the hell with it!
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...Proverb from Sierra Leone
Have you tried hooking up your MP3 player or a USB player to the car?
Don't tempt uswriting is hard enough!
Anyone used a doctorwing app to sign official docs?
Wondering if Ian  I can sign something w/o needing to print  fax.
Acrobat for aypd?

I'll be there!!
Can't wait!
Wow!
RT : 69 of people mark spam based on subject line.
My mom cannot stop talking about getting a puppy!
She isn't picking him up for a month but already named him...
somehow got out of your call  couldn't reconnect via internet.
Kept getting recorded version!
:
Hey, I got your DM but it wouldn't let me respond since you're not following me.
But to answer...
Yes, that info is correct.
my diet plan consists of eliminating the best and adding more worst
Closest I can find is Advertising is the poetry of capitalism, which is a quote from Michael Maynard.
Hahahaha she's dumb.
Just launched our facebook page today.
Complete with new mixes of our songs
imagine flightposite as a pair of crocs
stephuu are you working today?
Man, I can never fall asleep the night before I leave for awhile.
Back to packing.
Omg.
Code purple?
LOL.
I blame Nolan.
:p But seriously, someone makes a tumblr Dirty Bieber Secrets God, horny beliebers.
Yeah but its true :P
November 22nd, Chicago, IL.
I'll try to be there : I will tear shit up!
Oh shit.
I haven't texted Marc yet today.
It's our 5 month.
Ball State: If you are in sales/advertising and graduating this spring, let me know.
Social media/digital skills preferred!
What language is this?
Jogging in the heat!!!
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the number of moments that take your breath away...
Go away work, but leave my money.
711  Hell
EXCUSE ME
Obama's visit of the campaign finance ATM machine otherwise known as California.
My story for
just like a road block stops traffic,unforgiveness stops blessings and progress with the almighty GodTommy 2 Chips
you should follow me.
what's up!
Thanks for the love!
He'll yah well see you at backbooth!
I just met u and this is crazy but here's my number call me maybe lol
Bk frm d doc..
My fat fat done cried his self yo slp mad cause he couldn't talk on d phone poor bby nobody wanted 2 ans d phone its all gud
I think you are right, because it takes 2 way conversation for community but only 1 way for an audience.
what up
Thx my love!!
Xo RT : Happy mothers day
good!
Just playing around with instagram.
Hope all is well with you my friend!
Well I wasn't wrong and is the best thing that's happened to my life and I can't even express how much I love her!!!
Dont look back.
Something might be gaining on you.
Satchel Paige
4 Who will pay me?
There was a little bit of bumping int the office this morning.
What are you guys listening to today?
Dude I've been up since Friday, with no nap.
counting down the months until its my bday sep 5!
Friday  i just got paid U might find me on the Westside, Southside I'm even going across the bridge y'all.
Cause I'm Living 4 the Weekend
Sure!
I love the idea...but it's on SO late!
I can't stay up that late...
boo!
Gotta DVR it!
I should probably start packing or something since I leave for Palm Springs in 5 hours.
LOL where did u sit and ya LOL
Well, it sure as hell wasn't the Brewers highlights, or lack there of!
Tragedy  TIME  Comedy
happy mother's day.
Just from following you...you are great reporter but I can tell an even better momma!
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
Voltaire
Haha!
Have you ever read about how they shoot the show?
Google it!
Very interesting.
At ACLUcon getting smart about criminal justice reform.
Did you know 71 of folks in CA jail are awaiting trial?!
No, but DM me your addoctorss and I will mail you one.
People in the city really do not like using the word excuse me.
When trying to get past someone.
Just got a tour of the Boston Globe!
Thank you !
High School girls playoff basketball.
My daughter's team ThunderRidge against my wife's alma mater Cherry Creek.
Who will she root for?
what's da move Mac
Or you could send me your addoctorss and save me a lot of time and trouble.
objectives, participant prework, agenda, evaluation of meeting
whos watching videos at 3:38 am?
this girl right here haha :
Same!
RT : Getting ready for the styleliner reception in DC!
Ask her about the baby animal videos.
RT : Help me.
She's so weird.
I love it, I love it, I love it, when you eat it...
umm um that's close to Methuen right?
I was just in Methuen.
March scmarch.
I turned the game on at the bar with 6 min left, and now people are yelling and screaming for overtime
I wonder what's going on when I find myself doctoraming in French.
Been years since I lived there,  I don't speak it regularly now.
I disagree.
It's because 24 million people subscribe already.
They are not going to shit in their own bed
Wrapping up another great day of helping clients hit their budgets!!
ew Lauren you so nasty i want the real deal
sooner than later lol.
Thanks!
Happy New Year!
RT : Thanks for the follow !
NF your personal page as well :
Right on man!
RT Focus!!!
Don't want that feeling ever again!!!!
grizznation!!
Kurt Elling and his CD Nightmoves is one smooth sound.
I am sorry I did not find out about him sooner.
Moving toward more partnerships and resource sharing is the first great movement of the 21st Century.
thank you 3 and no problem
tell me
Im always on her mind and she always in my thoughts
club boo.......splash
I can't live up to my twitter handle now :
i am smoking on exoctic !
lmao !
True or false.
Next season tech has a wr gain a 1000 yards.
RT : Glad the Lakers won.
The NBA Playoffs without Kobe Bryant is like a golf tournament without Tiger Woods.
The sport needs Kobe
: Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
best video I've seen all day.
My hubby  I were there just last weekend  bought the 5 pk punch card!
Can't wait to go back!
Can't do worst than what I just did.
:RT : taistoi !!!!
On a le match après l'Euroleague !!!!!
im so scared for itt
blah blah blah!
Excellent.
Who came out on top?
Either way, death wins out.
oh now you guys are against tatoos!!!...nah, just playing.
Enjoying a yummy Caramel Brulee w/1 pump Toffee nut Frappuchino from the Bucks, m....
oh i will check
not sure why my twitcon is upside down, but okay.
I am in the midst of eating an 11,000 cookie.
Its pretty good.
Its cinnamon sugar and goes perfect with my cup of very strong Java.
crazy bastard
Interesting how article about and how her Twitter influences her website traffic.
: You must let go of your ex to receive your next.
You can't embrace the future while clinging to the past.
Just took Ryan Mathews for 32 on 200 budget; Right where I had him at financially.
it's crazy how many people already registered, i saw that it opened up at midnight!
If you're a porn star you might as well Unfollow me because I'm not following you back.
What happens if you don't get TiVo caught up before all the fall premieres?
Great turnout for MidtownEco planning session tonight!
Facilitators were a Who's Who of smart people who care about the future of the ATL.
Stay in tuned Colorado!
Follow
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : ALA Member?
Have you voted?
If not, you have just until tomorrow!
Hunt up email with your ballot info  vote.
Now.
IM JUST NOT OKAY
I hate when ppl tweet u, when they can easily text me!
that takes the preskool movt to another level!
remember james use to have the most tickets and he ain't never do anything lmao like WTF!!!!!!!
haha.
BB PlayBook?
How is it?
still not getting anything from you can you tell me the sizes here
more like my role models..
No, its coming back to live in Alaska, be refurbished and once again be part of our rolling stock.
Down the road....
Back at ya :
Well I'm doing what I think's best for me: better school, better pay at work, and only an hour away from Ty
jelenaduet LOVE u guys!!!!
haha!
thanks!
today is my first day on twitter!
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle
This weekend is the annual Garage sale!
A ton of fantastic local shops and artists under one roof Saturday Hall!
: thank you for helping me many many times with your teaching YES!!!!!
Me too
Beautiful day, beautiful beach, and one more night with the one man band phenomenon known as Ben Prestage!
Starts at 8:30...see you then!!
DiningbyDesign ends today at 6pm, pier 94 nyc.
If you have not checked it out yet, you are missing out.
Only thing I'm scared of , is knowing one day this life will be over.
wanna find out?
; lol
cant figure out if i wanna be 96 doctor3k or 2012 doctor3k with the mask for next halloween
right!!!
Every day.
RT if you think im cute:
Attending a Citation Tools workshop at PSU Shenango.
Starting with Zotero, glad I know Zotero guru
Attending Horizon Report Webinar via my iPad.
So far, good.
Congrats Chrissy you deserve all what you have!
You guys are a beautiful couple
I dnt want it all just my fair share..
don't you know it's a Saturday?!
Hope you can get a nap.
ZNTR is on an upward move

yes, very sad.
she was not a public freak show.
she needed help.
how many more like her to come and go?
she's not finished yet but there's 11,000 runners!
I know!
: Que mal.
I'm shooting someone on Thurs  promised my sis I'd help her w/bby shower stuff.
Hmph.
:
Wonder what conservative media will have to say about this major victory for the President, or more appropriate our nation.
oh, I dunno  I was waxing on and off in 1969...
rt please Johnny's Hideaway Ladiesdon't forget you get your first doctornk free tonight after 8pmHappy Monday!!!
Let's GoPackGo They ain't fucking wit us
sounds good!!!
thanks :
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it  Anaïs Nin
only where booze is concerned!
I love it when former cast members host SNL.
Reunionshow!
Government shutdown..still up learning more by the hour..over healthcare,medicare,planned parenthood..are you serious?
looking like his daddy and sht
Coffee is so good!!!
Good morning everyone!!
I need to send u a dm so follow me back..
MesaCollegeSecret There is a food truck down by the Science bldg that sells delicious Lumpia!
Go get some!
OMG!!
I LOVE your new Pic 3
Chris Newman is a professorssional sign painter.
You can see his work at Eugenio's  send DM
...
developing intimacy and sexrole identity.
Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
nope its been the same for years!!
thanks girl :
word I learned today: psephology.
woah.
I think I need to start riding the bus with you.
Also, did you know we have an reference Twitter account?
Childoctorn's authors to follow: Edith Fine , Suzanne Santillan  Karen Coombs
Let us know if you are a Civil War Sesquicentennial commission and we haven't connected with you yet!
My mother isn't letting me do this American Idol thing tomorrow fml ive been practicing so hard and now i dont even get a shot at it :'
using Andoctorid right now.
But v.
tempted by the new iPhone.
Space still available for green products or services 7 Michigan Made products call 313 288 2126 or
: how she get my number?
beautifully stated time waits for nobody What do you think about the chat page?
Life coaching?
honestly.........
:
I'm glad my son has an 11:00 O'clock soccer game this morning, because it's freezing outside right now.
yea if my mom gets the battery
Yay!
I don't smoke on any day either, let alone today, haha.
Also, 49 days!
Iris smacked me thinking I was wallly 
Why my lil cousin called a sewage a dookie ditch
Did u hear that the lakers are still gonna 3peat !!!
Let's go lakeshow.
Lol YES.
The shit was so funny, but weak as fuck at the same time lmao
u may not be good at many things, but that's one area that I can definitely hang ;.
Lunch soon?
Smash party.
we are cleaning up the cincinnati roadways until 1230 this afternoon!
oh my my oh hell ya you got to put on that party doctorss jammin it on our way
Looking forward to BEA  Nyx will be coming along!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
Sweet.
We have the awesome from Story of Stuff at the wheel of today.
Sorry for the unfollow but nfb no follow back.
Let me know if you'd like help with your Soc Media Marketing.
My puppy is so cute!
I hate leaving him in the morning for school!
:
Totally going to try to get designs up on walls and have more black hat sessions.
Design focused process, here we come!
Ppl Get Mad When You Don't Invite Them Somewhere But Never Show Up When You Do Invite Them..
oO FUCK IZ GOODIE
Never once did Lebron talk shit about his trash ass teammates when he played for the Cavs..
Happy birthday !
Haslem and Miller: The Florida Boyz!
hahahah , i think my spermies are dead.
That or the holes i've been poking in these condoms arent big enough.
RT : Since end of Oct 1,700 jobs have been announced in Greater RVA: Capital One, captainch , , HDL 
Congrats to !
Let's
At a friend's house and the dog just pissed on me bahaa
win a free trip to the Palace Resorts Choose from 12 Beautiful  5 Star Hotels 
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
why are you on the floor?
me go with you.!
You're a fan no doubt, but if You're rooting for them to suck to get a better doctorft pick, then ur a bad fan
you are crazy
Hoping for smoke machine, fans streaking across the stage, bloody mosh pit, bubbles.
Going to physical therapy.
who buzzin about our live auction in the ABQ?
you're pretty ok too :
Great success requires you, risk and resiliency
Jim Jones used religion for evil, but others have enhanced lives and made society better.
I'm not sure the religion itself matters
haha we had a conversation about this earlier.
i think you might just be jealous
and a handshake!
Will you be there sunday?
PLEASE FOLLOW
Might not of seen her in person but I got to see my girlfriends face for once this week!
me too!
then everyone sits here and tries to convince me that i shouldn't like him.
Crazy people that's who!
But yes organic carpet cleaner...
Now the toddler pee stain is another story.
Everyone has a something they can log in with Open ID why leave anonymous blog comments?
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs.
It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
Henry Ward Beecher
Remember, how it looks on the paper at first is not as important as getting the idea down on the paper.
You can always fix it later.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
stock up on hot chocolate!
:
With that said, tomorrow is gonna hurt
Q6 Informational signs should be accurate  easily found and read.
Thanks for the tutorial!
I have now officially passed level 1 in new catalog searching.
What's up everyone?
Anyone watching Tosh tonight?
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall!
dat voice oh lord.
uh, YES, but i was more of a JTT gal, then he became a major dork
Holy irrational fear, Batman!
I hope I don't sleep for 24 hours straight danced through my head.
When have I  why would my alarm fail?
Good stuff from MMS RT : Some info from the Microsoft Private Cloud Certification session
Can you believe we've only got a couple more weeks until the kids go back to school?!
Very interesting approach to mental health  bring the therapists to you!
Check it out:
Cats are slow on the promos.
this has turned into an impromptu bar mid week bar crawl for some reason
I'm not afraid of death: I'm just not a big fan of it.
Usually.
How is everyone's night so far?
:D
Are you arguing the 0!
1 by shuffle is an abuse of the empty set?
You're just whiny.
Please forgive the repeat sales reminders, but we dont do this often, and want to reach everyone in our Twittersphere.
Kim Peek reads two pages at once his left eye reads the left page, and his right eye reads the right page.
Takes him about 3 seconds a page
I am getting HUNGRY.
It sucks how some Beliebers meet Justin like 10 times, and im just here watching Justin Bieber videos  praying for meet him one day
Set up for that thing must be a real bitch.
Suggested Event!
Thaw out your turkey
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Henry Ford
I won't tell a soul ...
Clinton impeachment, Bush v Gore, increased use of filibuster, Tea Party  all right wing, not partisanship on both sides.
A glass iPhone?!
It's hard enough not to doctorp and break the current one, made of plastic and metal and whatnot...
As you think, so shall you become Bruce Lee
Get excited for the TapHaven, the extensive beer garden at BeerCon this year.
I must have picked a good one.
:
I'm buying Mega Millions after work today...
don't judge.
less than a week!
The fat woman I always complain about is having an awful time with the heat today.
We are packed with TOPTIONAL ppl today!
Love this place!
is working hard to produce what is MUCH bigger and greater than I am .
.
.
which equates to little sleep.
: 
I'm in a weird retweety mood
I've made that doctorve a few times.
Wait for the view from the long bridges.
Be safe.
SON?
You made an older man feel young :
It looks good  sounds good, which r the 2 most important things when it comes to a reel.More footage would help,but it will come.
oh.
Muaha!!
Avs will ALWAYS be my number 1 team!
shoiuld not sing beach boys....
haha thanks??
And well I would hope so b/c it's my professorle picture.
Lol
But, I'll obviously be an Orioles fan always.
Not looking forward to breaking the news to my son in the AM that the adults of Bmore couldn't get their act together enough to do better.
There must be something in the beer at JLA...I have a craving for crazy bread.
I'm gonna go to the Mystics home opener next Monday night.
Thank you so much!
It means the world to us, stay in touch!
So true!
cuz u no have a passport
That's funny!
More class actions!
I would quit the app and restart it
I thank for making that video showing me because now I am hooked on his music!!!
Got a lot of nigga hatin but the harder they hate the harder I go fuck any nigga that don't like it we WINNING over Here lol
Wainting For the Ravens Game tonight ,hopeing they lick some butt tonight against the Steelers
thanks!
I'll definitely take you up on that in the future.
True love will come.
Art is not therapy.
Just munched a 'Roses' road goodie worth 5 points!
FML, waking up to a loudmouth and can't go back to sleep!
Love you lexi, but pleas for the sake of all that is good, shut up!!
Devon they are ur real family!
A family is flawed.
Get used to it
arent they making another one ?
Oh wait..
I think thats footloose.
Nvrmnd.
Lol
Hot yoga was incredibly intense today!
But I feel pretty good now :
Whos down to hangout...
I cant stand another min at my house I needa get out.
go fall down some steps!
Lol
I officially abandoned this show after the delivery episode.
I will put up with a lot from TV, but that?
Awful.
I knew if I came home id find stuff to do other than study.
Asdfghjkl i'm so tired.
Goodnight.
x
Excuse me misterHarrison but I don't think you are allowed to do that....
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live
When someone gets news of someone close to them having a rare blood cancer it really gives you time to pause
THANKS for helping to fix the site.
Our parents are very happy with the GREAT DEALS they got.
THANKS!!
A bad day at school means it will be a great time at the gym
Filming thursday and friday!
D
I'm getting ready to crash.
Been a big day!
With lots getting done.
Did you get my email reply?
Hope it wasn't too long.
Theon is such a punk
what does that friend suggest
15 penguins thats so cute!!!!!!
i love christina perri too : we should talk more!!!
yeah that's what I meant.
I was just saying it'll be hard because I wrote for fast flow, which I'm not 100 used to.
Turn on your TV!
It's OVERTIME for and !
Make some noise for our 2011 OldSpiceClassic team !
Haven't tweeted in so long.
Can't wait to see NY.
Hoping that it'll be what I expect it to be.
Damn i missed something good on the OKC game!:/
You know she a keeper if I'm not getting stressed out
i can tell you what goes on at the bradley center but i wont.
lol
RT Never be the first, never be the last Vincent Chase
Felt guilty to give The Beatles a thumbs down on Pandora.
But when I did the next song was Michael Franti  Spearhead.
Fair trade.
No instagrams from any of youses in the last 24 hours?!
C'mon get with it!
So bored wish someone would text me
And, I made the SHINEonline paper again!
Good times!!
oh yeah, I saw Denny Crum at Churchill Downs yesterday, man he is
the rain stopped!!!!!!
Woohooo!!!!
he is.
Dont you wish some days where like the last :/
NowWatching The Roommate with my momma 
just got out of the shower.I'm supercold!
I didnt wish you a happy birthday!
Im sorry !!
Good things are coming my way
Thank you to both of you for the sweet mentions!
rbms09 RBMS 50 for 50 Campaign is a success!
Please go to the 50 for 50 tab on the Scholarships tab of the preconference website for more!
gorgeous!
puts our PDX sunny day to shame...
iWant a British accent
look look look look look look look look look look look look look look
Montreal v Chicago for the atmosphere.
awesome play in the 4th quarter...sucks that we lost, but I'll take you guys any day of the week and twice on Sundays!
Oh Man just got the reminder of why FB is so Creepy..
Ppl U know in real life Stalk U like a stranger with a Trench coat  Sticky Palms
I DON'T HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 0450 TOMORROW MORNING!
Yaay!
So what should I do with my free time?
Oh I know, hw..........
that looks pretty involved.
How about you make me a batch and send them over?
Socialphobia is not shyness.
People with socialanxiety are constrained by their condition  cannot participate like shy people do.
Emergency personnel continually monitoring the situation.
We will keep everyone informed if any schools will be delayed or closed
Just sent a letter to the Oregonian.
What have you done to save the Beavers today?
How about emailing the mayor: .or.us
Oh, of course.
I thought maybe the new fashion trend was gingerbread men costumes and 90s rave gear.
RT : Thanks for the new batch of gin labels!
Thanks, we think they are GLORIOUS!
I wish I could still skate.....
That awkward moment when you see a random guy w out a shirt in middle of street playing ukulele when its cold,on a bike...middle of traffic.
Finally did it..
Well that took a huge load off my chest.
2011: A time to write and to compose, to practice and to perform, to produce and to engineer, to mix and master, to record and play it back.
CFO: doctorving force, sustainable, equity.
Biss: But how did you measure?
CFO: Went as far as could  be fair.
It's just one of those I'd rather not work days...
Except that's almost everyday for me
Im a good girl...
but got a swag thats Bad 
Pandora on the mexican station, reminds me of the summer I'd spend at my brothers playing beer pong.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
6
Tiger Lily by Jodi Lynn Anderson is a reimaging of Peter Pan.
Watch out
yes do it.
It's your culture
Singers that compose new songs from their hearts that are used to change our lives
i312m5 Where do you get your data on how much companies lose due to infringement?
good morning!
State finals!
Sitting back watching Antwone Fisher....
This a good ass movie........
I wonder where Prince William rented that suit
true point!
Forgot it was hump day!
You hungry baby girl?
I got you!
:D
Totally agreed.
I can't believe they thought that was a good idea.
I wish more states had helmet laws.
If it makes you a geek, then we can be geeks together.
I love Chicago Public Radio.
I think 's tweets are super lame but I still have a crush on him.
damn!
That's some scary stuff.
You need to invest in a PP90M1.
It's small and it has a high fire rate.
Lol
Dude happy ending by mika is like my life right now Kelsey xoxo
Congratulations to for winning gsec11 grand prize of 12,500 !!
Lonely Tonight :
It is Record Store Day!
Help support your local record store, or buy some tunes from your favorite artists!
Waited in line with some nice fellas at Universal Studios a couple years ago.
Never knew it was until today.
I didn't say favorite anywhere in my tweet.........
maaaaaannn that's what I be thinkin in my head!!!
And we're older than I'm own.
For sure!!
Followed :
last day to use for looks like a great day for some photos!
keep that sun shining.
Compassion for myself is the most powerful healer of them all.
they also get buried under rocks or look up at the stars when it's rec time in the yard...dope boys is stone age
Nice!!!
therapythursdays rehabultralounge RT : might stop by around midnight bro!
Mitch McConnell looking oddly frightened.
The laws and commandments are not a checklist, they are a reflection of how we live our lives
My class reunion is coming up real soon
I smile  say today from 3 yrs ago was the first time Justin Bieber put his first tweet:Your Amazing Justin3You grew up too FAST!I Love U!
Monday!
A great week lies ahead!
I must find bacon.
Tell these niggas mane I'm still spending 09 cash in its 2012 all I know is making money business mind like I studied at Yale 
Shakes the clown!
IM PROVIN A POINT!x
Hey man!
Just saw you're going to PubCampWest this weekend.
Will be good to catch up.
Thanks for all the followers!
We appreciate everyone.
Follow me??
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 used backwards design and ADDIE Model for course redesign
oh it is!
Def worth trying
ah thanks.
Pretty standard stuff.
Never quite sure why people like internal relations so much.
Tacos for dinner!
Sitting at my old high school watching every one walk n for prom.Holla
Yes!
Justin bought a funnel cake!
Ate it all and handed me the plate of sugar!
Or what was left of the sugar!
Free the captainves
wat r u doing doll?
RT: I'm not going to continue to make you a priority if you simply make me an option.
That awkward moment when you swear you hear WMYB but its not playing....
I swear its wired into my head.
HANDSHAKES?
xD RT : Since we're doing work still I guess I'll start carrying my binder  But that means one  armed hugs ..
9:22pm on a Saturday, working on my mlanet12 poster due on Monday.
hmm, wonder when the coffee shop closes...
u r a fail
Mets all day you know it!!
Lol
Thanks, Danielle.
I love SB!
RT happy birthday!
much love from santa barbara!
;
Im going to down town babeD: RT : come over ill mske you breakfast!:D
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you.
You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley
goodmorning...thanking god for another 24....
The detective in the Trayvon Martin case looks exactly like George Lucas.
My heart goes pitter patter!
Happy New Year
She's like an even more disgusting Janeane Garofalo.
omg jealous!
Crazy, but I'm digging it!
yall some wallstreet hustlers for real
Onegame playoff, top 7: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0.
Reagan pitcher Austin Hays has retired 11 in a row.
Carroll's Dumes has retired 9 in a row
really i will call back in a minute
Just 3 more days!
My 300 tweet s/o goes to waking up at 10 am like a normal college student, not 0450!
and I also hope everything gets better.
U'll be ok.
I'm in the same situation...
I live with my mom in MT, I moved from OR.
Just had to use algebra to solve a second graders homework.
Wut the deuce???
Ted Nugent Furious Army Nixed Gig Over Obama Comments, Does He Have A Point?
Cinema Blend
waaaat?
Omg if you don't go we'll have one of our crazy Friday night, on a saturday
barring it up skidz?
I wouldn't say 'stage fright', but I do get nervous each time.
I think it comes with in the package, nervousness.
Lol
Your life will become better by making other lives better.
Will Smith
Thanks for reading!
Ugh im in such a bad mood.
So close to the waves yet I feel as if I'm so far off shore.
go heat!
for wine, I'll stand next to y'all do you can wear as high heels as you'd like.
In college, I beat my bf and his weight lifter friends in a pork chop eating contest: 22 chops
At benihanas.
Lol this chef is crazy
Practical question and assessment: How does feminism influence all your decisions in practice?
damn chevy chase
son aint going for it
just finishin a research project
Oomf better hurry up!
Like Donkey Kong!
See we're a match.
Lol!
a 10 A.M.
Fade has never hurt anyone.
P.s I'd tip you real good.
That was really funny!
Loved Crafty and the pizza...
:
Sean penn is a perfect example of real charity work.
What he's doing in Haiti is extraordinary.
The nfl might go on strike tomorrow
Sowwy.
I don't need 5 billion bestfriends running around
RT if you fear the things you can't know or don't understand.
I'll be back later.
Random idea: beauty chan on youtube where all the tips are centered around natural beauty.
Ok someone run with it!
Well, they didn't really COVER it at all...
lol.
You're making us blush.
Thank you for the kind words!
I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying the new scene.
I've always known tht CA was better suited for your freespirited self
Everyone in the Palestine and surrounding area's should come hang out with us tonight at Outlaw Country :
Overhearing loud explanation of black holes  accidental procrastination.
Sounds like there are paper napkin diagrams accompanying this.
next week with me babes I think x
it's...
not really water?
But not juice.
And kind of tasted like pineapple?
I gave up and switched to actual water.
Sex, race,  religion are being deliberately used to divide us as a nation!
We must NOT let the pols  media do so!
Go Ray!
Ray Allen is the man!
3WordsForYou There's a reason.
I'm headin' west like I'm fucking blowing Kanye...
Literally.
Lubbock bound jammin Gambino.
Stiles got me excited cause of wat he said 2 derek LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Ugh I am so jealous
definitely closer to book one.
Did you have a version you liked more?
So many people have varying opinions on the subject.
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney joins us at 2:10pm here on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
is atlanta close to any deals?
I had completely forgot about the doctorke concert on Monday.
Damn what a life I live :
In the postDetroit Fanfare ruckus, the new Jane will be delayed a bit.
But in the meantime, we've added a couple blog posts and wallpapers!
I really dnt care
I think we might have something here!
Missed the presale for on Thurs......Now Missing the 10am Gen sale.
ERGH!!!
Heading out to film the Chinese New Year festival!
Who all is going?
Going to the post office to apply for a new passport!
Hopefully it doesn't take too long..
awhh yay!
Im so excited...ill have to make some popcorn when i watch it lol ;
That must be tattoo related.
Heyo!
Thanks for following!
Ugh, men's indoor track 2012, not 2011.
I've gotta stop texting tweets.
of course ;
Future plans: undergrad in finance and minor in economics, go to law school, become a corporate attorney, own my own firm, run for office!
Nice reading list at the end there.
lmfao.
Dogs are fucking weird.
Hilarious.
Bored boutda go to sleep
Just kidding....
cake and doctorgs 
y'alls work for during SXSWi was really smart, creative, and totally onstrategy.
Very impressive!
Yikes RT Vikes thought made deal 427m, bills asks 452532m.
With taxes may be unworkable.
will see who blinks.
Only 2 days left!
So pumped to check out the fresh meat and produce at the Chicago French market tonight
ha , i bet it did ; felt like one of my punches
is doctorving through night to get back to the bay for more auditions after seeing her boy place 3rd overall and WIN 1st in his class.
My phone is always on vibrate.
I never answer calls.
Not anymore.
This bitch is gonna be on loud.
ESTFAM knows why.
.
congrats, Quinn!
What fantastic news!
They are very lucky to have you.
RT : I'm attempting to locate Googleplex by following the scent of innovation mixed with stock options.
i'm between SE and DE btw any idea what's goin with TSC ?
you heard anything yet?
Kid's night at the MKE Cty Zoo with the fam, now Whale Wars off the DVR.
Fun night coming to an end.
Now heading home
Corned beef at for lunch, BBQ at for dinner.
I'm going with Hot Shots for sure.
After that...????
No, I never did get lost, but I was bewildered for three days once.
I love when I get retweeted it makes me feel important
So glad you will be able to see the game.
I know how normal things and enjoyable events are important when things are stressful
my obsession with wicked is out of control
Just put myself on the waitlist for the audio of The Fault in Our Stars.
Thanks for the recommendation!
No omg.
I cant.
RT : if they don't answer don't call again
My birthday is this Thursday.
3
No power as of 4:50pm
That was pretty punk rock, actually.
When you're Being yelled at to clean your room because company is coming over and you're like so dinner is being served in my room?
smh
on the bus with my girl Mely to the mall
Your TASTE BUDS just called us and placed an ORDER cause they wanted some FLAVOR!!!
Come pick up your food!
Who's ready to make it happen today?
Hope your day is amazing!
Be careful.
D;
RT 2NIGHT IS GOING 2 B CRAZY WE HAVE 50CENT CORONASWELLS TILL 12AM AND U!
Retweet if you are excited about the concert with the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra tomorrow night at the Alice Tully Hall!
I am looking for businesses interested in offering a one day coupon.
For more information, email me at
mann shit get on fucken nerves
easterbunny is on his way to !
The internet is magic.
I want sum cheesecake
Total late start to the day, but at least it's ThirstyThursday!
One more day until the weekend!
Who is ready for tonight?
they will come!
We're going in order!
Have to space all the photos out so each sport doesn't get buried.
:
yall shld do a coverr of Forever by Chris Brown
or maybe she did notice...
Haha
wow I actually did that today!
did you move up here yet?
JB I doctoram every night I can not wait to meet you I would love to have your autograph your fans KSENIA i love 3
Are you going to DC?
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing
Yeah!
Happy Birthday baby Sloan!
Dine in or pick up a slice  fountain doctornk  garlic bread  each just 99 Cents  MonWed between 10am and 3pm.Try a Fried Ravioli app5.99
You like the guns, men, or the men with guns?
I cry every time i see an ASPCA commercial...I guess that's the idea
Wow.
That was a fight: Brown vs Thompson
Now I'm fucking happy they put the mw3 dlc pack into the regular playlist now I get to play what ever mode I want...
xboxlive 
I don't.
I use a water belt.
RT : Does folks run with a camelbak?
cc
Do, or do not.
There is no 'try'.
Yoda
k!
thanks love!
:
would rather be listening to the Brewers Radio Network than this lecture!
Stop the press!!
There's a Panera bread in Manhattan??!!
Yes!
Nice.
See you then
This is one of the few nights I wish I had a TV to watch chopped AllStars on Hope 's DVR comes through.
Insurance continuing education meeting may be the most boring show I've ever done
closed on both accounts.
and during finals too!
i really don't get this place...
waking up isn't the problem, it's actually getting up, doctorssed  having something that pays for me to leave out the door!!!!
lol shut up dude man I'm hella tired
u at gate h today or out in the field?
You don't know shit about me
mushy tweeters 
Georgie porgy pudding pie, kissed the girls  made them cry.
when the boys came out to play, he kissed them too cuz he was gay!
omg u live in salisbury.
i live near there.
Can we stop using rape to refer to events that aren't rape?
Sorry your story was altered, but that ain't rape.
Not even close.
I need a girl
All of this attempted network installation has revealed to me that someone in this building has a wifi connection called goobypls.
I need to stop falling asleep watching Diners, doctorveins and Dives.
Definitely doctoramt about a horrible food adventure.
Duh got called into work early.
Well I'll be late because Matty has to get some Dunkin.
All check out this friday for thier movies on the green...
pretty soon we will have movies in our movie theatre!

When God works on your behalf, He leaves NOTHING undone.
i wish i could go to your concert.
:'/
...
So where are the followers.
LIERRRR!!!!
Fuck Normality!
What is normal?
Lol
Rockin aero that's that shit I don't like
Soup of the day: cannellini bean
thanks for making me a fighter ;
I've learned you can't have your materialist philosophy and tag it too.
Thanks Nancy!
I look forward to meeting you as well!
Maccabi Bazan Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Super League are announcing tomorrow the hiring of Bernie Fine!
That's not too FINE!
Where to take the next big international trip  Africa, South America or MidEast??
i know babe ;
On the way to the Animation Studio in Brooklyn!
which one looks 16
Keith we need to talk!
thank you
this is why I still haven't texted yet.
Haha.
: Grammar; Schmammar.
amen!
At a.
Brady Street bar.
There's a pack of girls unironically dancing and singing along to Hall  Oates.
Wow.
I'm 18 next yr on October 8th thats a long ways away
I been sleep for a while I'm still sleepy going to turn my phone off
Before you go to Slainte tonight at Milwaukee Irish Fest  stop in for a Guinness with us!
Our shuttles begin TOMORROW night!
thanks for peer editing the typo out of my tweet haha
Might as well let the Divas take control.
Seeing as how they are God's gift to the world.
Good morning enjoy your hump day
Get them in file trouble, Henson and Zeller in the paint, doit!
Just reviewed a fantastic crime thriller..Hunter by Check it out on Amazon..Kim Norris
Watch this space!!!
some pretty cool discounts are going to be coming your way!
How many times do I have to tell you, I do not care..?
The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China  one of our books on sale: 10 off with code EPPPROMO201109 at www.enrichprofessorssional.com
Haven't read Storytelling Animal.
If you do, let me know WYT.
When tells a 6 yearold that their crapping her style ohgosh!
So in other news Austin Mahone tweeted my other account and told me God blessed my soul.
I was literally rolling on the ground laughing.
Here is all I ask of a book give me everything.
Everything, and don't leave out a single word.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life
At a sketchy restraunt with
Yes!
RT : the movie the raven was really good though ..
i saw that on sunday
So glad to have in my.life.
Open House tomorrow from 9am11am at Lebanon Public Library to celebrate opening of Indy Reads: Boone County.
Hope you can come visit!
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
add to the list, please!
Today sucks
oh babes i just love you 3
whenever if it's just a weekend thing.
Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...

Back at You!
Happy Easter!
Make sure to get out to Coyotes prospect camp at Peoria Polar Ice THUSUN.
Familiar names Murphy, Gormley, Visentin, Hextall, Larraza
Your authentication screencasts have had a special place I'm my heart.
Happy Birthday Railscasts!
Hi !
Happy Holidays!
You can try calling them first on weekdays.
are you upstairs??
If you want it pursue it.
Ain't nothin to it but to do it.
we might do the same.
Can't beat what you get in Texas for your .
We should get a coffee some time.I work in Soma
Enjoy concerts 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Ladyboys and are watching how to win a date with ted hamilton.
Good god
ArtLoop is an awardwinning series by that activates the Loop with significant works of contemporary art.
It is...but our efforts are well worth it.
I know you would fit in perfectly!
Look for blakes melon martini....
Yumm...
kill it with kindness.
omg i got scared for ah second...
Lok
RT If it rained frogs today like it did in ancient Egypt, while everyone else was freaking out, I'd be like Yes, free frogs!
Love is like a rubber band.
We keep pulling, someone lets go, and it hurts the one who held on to it.
yeah I'm in Atlanta.
Been here since Saturday.
And thank you!
Working on setlists, gameplans and blueprints all while blasting some for inspiration.
The future looks bright!
fuck my haters
I have been out of town...sorry for the late thankyou!
I really appreciate the
Big Fan of your work.Congrats on the Article in Vouge.
You girls inspired the rocket fuel in my career as a Photographer  Blogger
Hate, hate, hate being sick.
:
We get to go to FL in Dec  Thanks to Make a Wish for Jacob!
Its still not okay to wear a red cap, black shirt, and khakis yet.
Kid crossing street not aware of this fact

That game was quite lovely.
I enjoyed every minute ahaha 
RT : highlandtownart popup gallery corner of conkling and bank so cool
justfilms congrats RT : Go RT : Love Free or Die wins US Doc Special Jury Prize ..agent of change
last minute cover in the making!
thank you so much!
Um anti now I see
hell yeah!!!
what about saturday night??
no I definitely deserve to be laughed at
Shitty ass ending to a normal day, haven't been this pissed in a while
Agree.
But I expect Russell or Dake to get it.
DT deserves it.
Hey neighbor, I get it, you LOVE Bon Iver, but I was planning on getting a little work done b4 slipping into a coma today.
listening to love songs.
I haven't read any of them!!
Sweet!!
Thanks a bunch.
You rule!!
I will check it out later today!
That just too bad, so I'll understand if u ignore me...
Run out of the way.
Headed to LexVegas in a few
SB45 Biz Lesson  27: A worthy competitor makes victory so much sweeter.
has probably toddled off to bed
lol kind of true.
Good seeing you!
look at ARod, too cool for school over there
ok cool!!
What are u up to?
We just hit the Coronado beach :
hats off to Ivar Zeile  Ryan Pattie for Urban Encounters: SightLine  to the amazing video artists your work looked gorgeous!
Want 2C more!
The bookstore always has lots of treats for Fat Tuesday!
And luckily, I didn't get a baby!
Happy indulging everyone!
You are welcome!
Uhh, David, the 19th century ended 111 years ago, NOT 200 years ago.
And yes, history IS relevant.
Your scenario is disproved.
Omg who knew a tape gun can be so mean and hurt so bad.
5 stiches from that asshole and tons of pain to go with it!!!
Humor is just another defense against the universe
Cunnilingus..I just learned what that meant why
I want to be the person who my crush thinks I am.
Yes!
Our cats were freaking out and we didn't know why until we read the news.
i feel sick.
Let's start rumors: He was actually BANNED a week from twitter because he was slammin' Bo last week!
thoughtsduringschool when is this over:
i tried sending pix for the yearbook but they got sent back to me saying there was a delivery failure...help!?
This girl got you falling head over heels, i can't even get you to stumble....
Oh Well 
I love talking to him : especially when he realizes I'm better off
Interview TODAY with news ch.
8 at noon!!
Talking about Relay for Life!!
GET EXCITED.
Thank you!!
Dan was a dear friend.
He got to know several of our cadets and inspired many.
For that, are forever grateful.
doctorkes cheetah Northface 
What a weekend, who's ready to get back in the gym and what do you need?
gotta go Thor, Hawkeye, Iron Man, captainin America, Hulk, and Black Widow.
Before you judge me, make sure you're perfect.
braces , no braces girlfriend no girlfriend , signed , not signed dosnt matter mahomies will love austin no matter what
actually he is The easiest one ..the hardest is Austin..but do you want me to DM rob to follow you?
can I renew my books onlines??
I'm not done reading them yet!
: It takes a lot for a virgo to let someone in...
so it takes a lot for a virgo to let them out.
Uh...little bit, Yeah.
Join for a post playoff rally party tonight at 6:30pm.
Enjoy 2 pizzas, 2 Miller Lites, 8 small plates and live music.
Great to hear you're back w/Brewers!
Good luck  ST!
Venus ingress to Gemini approx 10:30 am CST today.
At fulcrum of square with Neptune in Pisces, MoonMars Rx in Virgo.
RT Life is deceptively easy to squander.
We waste minutes and find that days have slipped by.
Interestingly, when these same exams took place in familiar locations, their memory performance rivaled that of young adults
So I'm definitely going bowling tonight!!!
i cant live my life without you ...
i must make you understand  I wanna be your man :
Chatting now: and ...
technology, policy, and new solutions to global problems.
Whoop whoop!What about mikey?
:P
Ministers calling for firing not understanding?
Outrage not outreach?
Thoughts on this to please
The Wolman renovation is well underway.
Who out there is excited?
Watchout folks...Ive gotta backbone and I'm not afraid to use it
love doesn't make the world go round love is what makes the ride worthwhile
The weirdest people follow me
yeah that's kind of one of the reasons why I don't think it's that big of a deal
such a good one :
Listen!
Encourage.
Say something.
Do something.
Be yourself.
Love
That is my task.
I've been discussing it with neuroscientist David Eagleman.
Quality over quantity but when you have both the world is yours
don't judge me omg
howdy, good, though travelheavy this month.
Ubuntu uds was exciting, Orchestra, Ensemble  many great new tools afoot..
It's not the things we don't know that gets us.
its the things we know that aint so,
just don't lie for no good reasons.
Lie on your taxes or to the police.
But not about childoctorn.
Thanks to everyone who came out yesterday!
Dancing in the streets was a blast, we appreciate all the support!
Happy birthday S/O to the big homeys ...
I ain't fucking with y'all...
I be dead haha love y'all niggas man!
I am still facing the fact that I transferred to New York from Tennessee, because of what, again...................
song about dinosaurs.
Lmao yea Im about to right now shorty rock
no worries bruh
check these cats out.
True 216 represent
Ignore Hulk?
He's one of the best aspects of the film.
That and Whedon's writing.
So much traffic
It was great to finally meet face to face after more than a year of Tweets.
That text message just made my whole day!
Happy Birthday!!!
Love Ya Elvia, yours truly T.
Fact: The 1961 movie, The Young Savages, starring East Harlemite, Burt Lancaster, was filmed in East Harlem.
i think just followed you!!
:D
Maybe I should just doctornk on it
I wonder if I could still smell my own farts in the vacuum of space.
Okay, that passed.
Hey brother...Just tweeting in on ya...Hope it's going good...Tony Oakes...Flattened Squirrels...
omg :o your to amazing 3 love u dear!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
:
Unfortunately, Chicago lacks any food from Guinea, but my doctorver recommended Yassa African Restaurant on the South Side for Senegalese food.
Rock and roll mcdonalds
verizon data down?
Hardwork is the difference between success and status quo
Can you send me the link?
thank you I will try and train hard
thanks for following me man.
Keep up the good work merry xmas
LOL!
On the bright side, at least there is only 10 more days to go :
Quite an inspiring chat tonight.
We will visit this topic again and crowdsource ideas.
Staytuned!
perhaps something like an URL shortener, where prepositions only count as one letter.
Happy because GMYH promo week.
Its the unspoken words that hurt the worse.
HOST YOUR OWN PARTY OF 10 OR MORE AND GET IN FREE!!!
YOUR GUEST WILL BE TREATED TO THE BEST IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX,
Only 4 more days until Christmas!
Do you have all of your shopping done?
something is technically wrong can be said of magic and computer technology
At the 2day conference on the Innocence Project.
Great and inspiring lessons from the attorneys and exonorees.
If your company has substantial email accounts 50K, consider updating email marketing suppliers to those with individual IP addoctorsses.
..but asking for permission
I want ta follow me im a great and bigger dan biggest fan
More Than This video tomorrow.
YES.
is liar the whole time at the gym he'll stare at himself in the mirror making real guttural noises.
glad to hear!
I heard about what happened last weekend, and you need to ignore them!
Fuck the haters.
:3
I shall!
I may also give Boehner a little feedback on his budget ideas while I'm at it.
That might not go over as well though.
yeah totally!
Still working up to 2,000 'likes' we would appreciate some help guys!
We know you want some free music!
If your reading this, your blessed despite whatever your situation may be.
Good morning loves : 
Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally?
Give it a shot.
I know a good TA if ya need :I wonder if banda music showed up on jam cruise would people actually like it.
????
Woke up winning
This is your last chance to take advantage of our Women's Nike Tempo Short SALE.
Only 18 in an assortment of colors!
See you before 5pm!
It is the south.
excellent!
looking forward to it!
love the site.
The only thing i will take a good care is my skin  hair .
; Thats all
Need a shortterm loan?
Need it fast?
Call me at Remington Capital!
That's your best bet.
Wow always get the werid one lol
Pictures of you, pictures of me remind us all of what we could have been...
The Last Goodnight
I don't 2 years is overly punitive.
If anything the settlement codifies agency pricing when decided unilaterally.
Mother's Day is May 13!
Let her know how Sweet she is with some truffles!
carmel, mother's Day
NCAA is a business with the student athletes having no power.
Being honest and fair has never been a goal, making money is.
As I saidNows the Time by LHR and Yardbird SuiteBob Dorough.
These scenes are so good/intense I sometimes forget to breathe...wow.
me too!
Every single day.
Thank you everyone for help giving EVEN IF 100 LOVE IT!
on Total Eclipse Magazine......
Big HUG.
And get ready for  I WILL
Off and on here ...another 'oilchange' coming up this afternoon.....
aww :/ Sorry that you have to deal w/ that...
lmao no..
I remember some of my lines but not all..
Im pretty sure we got this tho!
First ice cream truck of the season just went by
HAPPY ST PADDY'S DAY!
We got DJ Jeff playing Irish favorites and NAKED ladies all night!
Get your car bombs on at the Gold Club
Every night I come home all the doors and windows are open and my moms passed out.
I should be doin my science hw but I'm too busy trying to trend
Have you ever heard of Trivia43 at UWSP?
It's this weekend.
54 straight hours of obscure questions.
You'd love it.
New Horowitz Data Benchmarks TVRelated Web/Social Media Behavior; One In 5 Consumers Start Watching A Show After ...

the gym with my Jules..
Then off to the doctors office...
Aweh dick Clark :
Sun is trying to break through the clouds in Toledo.
have a safe trip !!
I wish I was coming :/
Keep playing that funk music!
We're gonna turn it up at the stop light!
travel Can you get to that?
Thanks!
Looking forward to hearing more from you, too!
how was Hayes Carll?
I had a birthday party to go to.
I wanted to be like KMAG YOYO but that would have been rude.
ABC News: Obama says 'samesex marriage should be legal'
We First want to thank everyone who participated in the contest!
Totally gonna start spamming you with messages from now on, Sue.
Housemate just warned me that a few of his siblings are here for lunch.
He has 8 total, so now I'm wondering how crowded my kitchen is.
glad you liked it, I played the secretary !
I wanna grow a cute beard : haha
It sucks that the system makes it so difficult make change when it is oh so obviously needed.
Take a pic of the view.
guess what?
Did you know we have tanning?!
You know I like to read :.
awh thanks bff: ill call you later tonight!
Skyrim is much too addicting
All my SISTERS yea
....
a ton to do?????
NO only two things to do and that is to win twice...
GO BADGERS!!!
will do!
Lol
thanks lovely
i meant to say i lov yall
DExpTimeVelocity
Is it arcadenextlive yet!!!
I can't wait for
Word in the undocusphere is that and I are getting it on.
like brown chika brown cow getting it on cockblocking vagina ...
Exclusive: Father defends the way he handled toddler son's snakebite.
Only on NBC 7 at 11.
I want that car SO bad!
3Allen
Love me some Tom Brady, but is now a close second
so pretty:
i guess you can only play on adoctornaline for so long.
i hate tourists, and i hate walmart...
What's in the UK water that makes their actors so witty?
dollar general off johnson doctorve open til 10.
Got my spam and eggs for my morning omellette.
See you at fbbc.
Damn..
I'm around all these people and I'm still bored!
Anybody got a hotdog ..
Mustard and Ketcup please
First name: Shawnlicica
doing good!
How's the family?
No, no.
no.
It's not good if people know that I have a sense of humor!
;
pearl Izumi and bontrager make several starting from 50.
The more you spend the more support you get from the pad.
All CSPAN right?
I Delete , Block  Erase People I Do Not Need In My Life .
Stayin at my fams house, playin some Call of Duty MW3, leave me the fck alone!
2 and a half songs roughmixed for the new Ryan Reid live album and only like three thousand to go lol.
These guys are TOO good!
When that one person won't text you 
leave and the fuck alone.
3
Don't forget about Valentine's Day.
Heart shaped cookie cakes, roses, and notes.
It's like super fancy grade school.
Anyone know 1 of the first online Providers , along with AOL, was Delphi Boston based?
: With his last assist Tony Parker passed Avery Johnson to become the Spurs' alltime leader in assists with 4,475.
GoSpursGo
what do you think about electric bikes?
3 auditions on a Saturday...
bipolar weather but its nice outside !
Gonna be back at work tomorrow who's visiting??
Ha
AJ3 back in the day were so money!
Loved the knicks, hated the bulls, screw PJ!
Love them Jordans
Thanks for sharing the content and your insights.
Hope to meet up via a content marketing session and/or Gathering of the Vibes.
Winston Shepard has 11 schools chasing him with a offer on the table from UCLA.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck getting your parking spots back, everybody.
The snow brings out the cones and the crazies!
Im so lazy today
This is a boring saturday for me
Is officially a Lumberjack for the summer!
Woohoo!
Summer school 2011 here I come :
Are you still feeling under the weather?
You have got to be climbing the walls by now!
And the award for best brother goes to for forgetting his own sisters birthday
what is he's problem??!
: Spanish is cooler to begin with.
ha,ha,ha.
: also looks better too, at least the galavision broadcast is in HD
Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young
KCAS!!!!
One minute!
trying to get to SFO also.
Damn delays!
big shout out 2 Killing a nigga beats
Out of the same mouth proceeds blessing and cursing.
My brethren, these things ought not so to be.James 3:10
No they're not!
; We kid!!
RT : We like this!
RT : Positive attitudes are contagious.
Beginning the Housing Healing Process with HARP 2.0
omg its like swan hand coming to get you.
Ever steal your parents car?
NF shout out to Alabama!
I love how my boyfriend talks...
Idunno its hard to explain SoCute iJustWannaPinchHisCheeks MyBaby !!
:
.im depressed for no reason at all....
it's scary..
irritates tF out of me...
planting, trimming, weeding the lovely planties today.
Blacklight schtick from Jay Leno, who thought that was a way to treat a guest
Good morning New Yorkers!
What's the week got in store for you?
.
Ha Good point.
wait wait...
You vote on THURSDAYS?
Bizarre!
;
meet you in the lobby and we'll judge people as they walk by?

Research in Estonia  Kenya show sexuality education only cost 5 pr person.
at side event on

Let's consciously make each today so wonderful that no thought of any yesterday or tomorrow can succeed in entering our mind.
Joy
It is choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities Rowling ...what will you choose today?
3 livetheattitude
Word up!
I wish I could've seen the hawk build its nest.
That could NOT have been easy.
Also each nite there should b a best of recap.
The Pacers fans in those off Yellow/Gold color shirts is really starting to bother me...
:
Just found the old minutes from being the secretary in 200001...
Great memories, funny stuff.
Homie got bet against one his niggas they put up the money I'm showing up to kill niggas
I will be catering an inhome mother's day party tomorrow.
Then get the afternoon off to relax.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
One of the neighborhood cats has started using our bird feeder to hunt.
A lot of small feathers in the front yard this AM.
Saw a sneek peak at the new outpatient clinic space today.
We move in this weekend!
By gollie we might be done with this building by april!
Remember the MJ oneonone fiasco?
Happy Mother's Day to All Wonderful Moms.
:
Tiny Tots  Busy Bees and Butterflies  BBC News
Some minor but long overdue edits just made to the twitter professorle message
you have alot of nieces'.
O:
a little late but HEY :
Bacon, Toast,  TropicanaOrangeJuice:.
RT : Today is National Cheese Fondue Day!
A delish and gooey way to get a dose of Calcium :
My hard doctorve crashed today, which sucks mightily.
Wish I'd been more diligent about Time Machine backups...
you will have to do it at a computer.
The only time I ever got a plethora of retweets was when I tweeted about
lol I lay in my bed all day :p
YoureCuteAndAllBut you're a bad kisser

mad dog w/ friends
Buffett buys 85 million of Lee debt
so heres my number ; and call me maybe ; 3
lunchtime Alfredo and breadsticks...
Then gonna Make some snickerdoodles and clean :
My family is coming in town.
Staying at my house.
NO WAY!
Hooked them up with suites at Quality Inn DIA for 50 nite Crystal at 3033715300
Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy I can't wait to see that movie
I like what you are doing keep it up.
Briggs J of the EWHC delivers judgment in Global Coal v.
LCB case involving interpretation of a standard form PLA: EWHC 1347.
Artful Expression: To see far is one thing, going there is another.
Constantin Brancusi
Don't miss your chance to meet w/representatives from:  many more  The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
name in all of this.
Im a huge fan of da U and urs and like I said, want ur side of story for mine.
follow me so we can DM
So, does DeMaio support 's bike plan now?
The Bengals have TWO first round picks.
The future is bright!!!
We been in Atlanta 6mos but haven't gotten to see wat it has to offer yet...
Anybody have any recomendations for dinning shopping leisure?
Wise words my friend
Trying to put some makeup on so I don't look so dead today in classes.
But that's how I feel..
Dead.
you have just described the Nintendo Wii perfectly
thanks for signing up for my Skillshare class :
no the band name is called school of worship
no ma'am, no ham, no turkey!
We are not!
hell yeah bro that's the same shit I do lol!
Everything is wonderful.
i know it was an accident
So blessed by my family!
im glad my eyebrows are naturally arched ..
:
Happy ArmedForces Day!
We are so thankful for the service of our soldiers and veterans!
: Coffee at w/ thanks for coming in.
have you eaten at Mastros ?
The Prime Rib is Awesome .
Elease weave still on point
no : I have been to Canada twice bon aire Florida Kentucky west va Virginia Indiana new York Pennsylvania
Real friends dont care if your socks dont match.
Viking fans shouting Build It outside House Chambers!
The rotunda is packed gov just got here
Not sure that's a problem.
Even as a FT employee there was nothing much for me there.
COFFEE KICKING IN
I love you way way way more baby :
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Another thing I don't like about Facebook, once a earthquake happens everybody is on it's nuts!
Haa
yeah that and his virginity
: Incorrect use of pitch correction can kill your song.
Pay attention...
Esp if you send it to mix with Autotune printed.
I wonder how this trip is goin to turn out
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 89
laying in bed eating soup
Fuck Golden Records.
I'm almost tempted to create 36 other twitter accounts to follow :x
yay!!!
I need to see your beautiful face tomorrow when I get back!
baby fetus?
belated thanks for the wonderful party...
and of course ping pong!
I'd be okay with that
Planned water outage for today canceled  is rescheduled for Wednesday.
Additional info regarding the time will be announced later today.
i love this song !!
totally!
At least that is what I will telling myself in the middle of my 15k race tomorrow morning.
:
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve..
Happy 13th birthday
Pick up your phone.The parties finished and I want you to know.
I'm all alone...
Same to you Heather.
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
.'s RTs might be endorsements is among the best Twitterprofessorle lines I've seen.
He's from Pittsburgh, in case you didn't know.
So joan might pull it out but I doubt she raised as much 
spiritairline people strewn and sleeping like homeless on skid row.
Childoctorn crying.
I love traveling but I hate traveling.
People don't buy for logical reasons.
They buy for emotional reasons Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the tweet.
Got your message will return your call.
yea just sent u a link to it
what's good stilt?
7EST on ESPN.
Well cya later brotha.
My dad just hired himself as my strength coach a week before I leave
that's crazy, you should be able to just order the size tha you need based on your spindle length
heard ur in nyc?
I get back 2moro HOLLER
It's 2 Tuesday.
Dos Equis just 2 today.
We beat El Dorado 410.
That means we're in the playoffs!
YEAH BABY!!!
:
Love you....
Sweet doctorams darling.
OAK LAWN FRESHMAN SOFTBALL CONFERENCE CHAMPS!!!!!
WAY TO GO GIRLS!!!
Big day at the conference...
Super excited
Has anyone found this one?
How many stops are left?
Chapter 2012 Page 89 of 366 It's been said if your doctoram doesn't scare you, then it's not big enough.
Thanks for following, great to meet you!
Your nerdiness is awesome
Seeing the California delegation on the floor today made me so proud.
are my heroes.
Haha, wowzers!
It's odd having people recognize me.
But thank you!
I was trying my best!
Alex sings a little too high for me
NA is mostly ab new distinction.
Sterling makes more out of it at least.
thx!
that was my son's 1st bday cake.totally can't take credit for the design.
It was inspired by a cake from Charm City Cakes
youshouldntever cook bacon naked
'Til we have seen one's darkness, we don't know who that person is..til we have forgiven one's darkness, we don't really know what love is'
Clyde Frazier just said, So at this point the Knicks are either gonna win, or lose.
Wow.
Insight.
and VA represent!!
NoVA girl here, but I won't be anywhere near there this week.
Pour out some liquor for me...
and then I found myself listening to tpiaga for the third time...it put me in such a trance.
tyaannaaaaaa baby mama voice loll
Haha, he's in a big black suburban
Needed: Raps Songs ala JayZ/Kanye West for an upcoming '2012 Film Project'.
email:
VEEP is funny!
And pretty damn accurate.
Sadly.
It's time you start shopping smart and buy used items.
They work just the same as the new ones, but it's affordable and VERY GREEN!
thankks babe!
love you!
shoutout to my newest follower, a TRUE man of GOD !!!
no Im texting her, she told me to ask you lot if you liked Rhiannon going berserk, did u hear someone going of there head??
i only listen to the jazz station after midnight
Robin Gomez has been appointed administrator for Alvarado Hospital.
Thanks kel!
Almost done with the day, feelingpositive RT: good luck!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
One year ago today, I met Who could have predicted how that would turn out?
team leader...oh yeah...I'll take that!
We are excited to read Shine Shine Shine.
Heard great things at WI7!
PC or Mac?
Sorry, random question

thanks for the bday card.
Shane and I MUST get to Nashville in 2012, no exceptions.
BIG HUGS!
take it to apple store and bring the kid as proof.
Getting ready to head up to the Purdue area...
be back later for work...
woohoo!
9 It is easier to carry an empty cup than one that is filled to the brim.
The sharper the knife the easier it is to dull.
The more weal
Hope everyone had a good day!
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Being good isn't always easy that's why I don't try.
:
Mondays Are Gay 
We got big things coming direct to you at Black South Florida.
Stay Tuned......
We Building
I love you!
Follow me please!!
: Coupons always smell like Sundays  from the Epic, American Copia!
It's okay,But were friends right?
not just a prob at western parks!
dude, just stfu
I love you so hard right now.
Grow up u idiot  start supporting your family instead of waiting on handouts from others.Every1 knows u think of that child as a paycheck.
I luv u Von.
Remember this.
churchplanters God will build His church you won't need to!
To close business one must first build comfort and trust with your client.
This will not happen until you spend enough time face to face.
Ricky comes in..
Me in the chat: omfg hi Ricky he says  oh my fucking gosh hi Ricky...
Hi wellingtonswag!!
he's such a cusser lmfao 3
WOW!
we really DO have a lot in common!
: we'll have to talk SON!
I have a lot coming up...
Mom and her bf fighting again great just how I wanted to spend my weekend pulling people apart from trying to kill eachother.
I truly am The King of Things!
What, don't get the reference?
Go read some religion.
why you always try'na do shit?
can't you sit and chill?
This episode of CriminalMinds is crazy....
S/o to the white girl that made me smores
Getting more nervous that the next time I check Twitter I will be overwhelmed with Braun news
listening in this evening all the way in Wisconsin!
Woohoo!
You're the second youth librarian I've met on twitter from Arapaho District in two days!!
At java city right now.
RT :  hey guys!
Glad to see you have a team here.
Would love to see ya
I got bored so I started stalking your twitter and I saw this.
Only you.
I died.
Lmfao.
lol I do
I love my family way more than they think
the worst part is..it's All Asia, have you been there?
That's the REAL insult!
:
this Sunday!
RT Love quickly turns into hate.
you can't listen to music?
Hey , it's a beautiful day for Percy!
See you out there?
:
RT if you have ever tried to see if you could fit in the doctorer.
Just got a new car!
:D thanks nana!
:D
Pretty much had to shut that pussy nigga down
Hm...cannot say what I want to say.
Great opengovvideos interview w/ Mickey Osterreicher on photographer's rights  more at
I not only bow to the inevitable, I am fortified by it.
Thornton Wilder
I now have remote control a/c in my room.
Sleep on.
I miss you guys too!!!
Check my new twitter I check it much more often.
Hope all you guys are doing well!
DelonteWest is rooting for the heat to win tonite to guarantee him 4 more games of banging lebrick 's mom some more !!!
awe....Happy Birthday!
sorry to see that your account was hacked.
I got the same message.
It's so loud inside my head with words I should have said.
I don't mind getting lost in paradise:
I can't get warm, hopefully my job will warm me up...or just the sun.
same here fam.
I emailed you.
Wld like to chat w/ you for a piece I'm writing for Poynter.
I always wanted a lil sister but thank god I have friends tht r like my sisters 3
Don't forget we have lunch until 2:00pm!
Call 619.255.2856 in advance for pickup orders!
reads like an unsubstantiated NYT trend piece.
Care if satisfy responsibilities NOT rec behavior
does Hulu know about your secret identity as secret superhero to sea turtles
When I was 24 I was really sad that I was too old to sign up for I'm glad I can live vicariously thru on his journey.
: So excited.!
Am glad you are!!!
We have some exciting shows lined up!
Stay tined :
oh,I wish I am too!:last week everyone here is in Paris, Cancun,VegasHawaii,tell me about it
Dancing for the Arts
Chilling  my dad's house until traffic dies down
Yay!
Next is college hope ur ready!
RT : Summer 2012 is gon be pretty epic : only because I'm graduating !
Why is this list of derogatory words for mexicans so damn funny to me?!?
sowrong 
And...I've been running it like this since beta day 1 through all the beta releases.
VERY stable.
Clearly, we couldn't.
:P
A real certified hood niqqa like me need a bad bitch yellabone with thAt yummy steak pussy.
Yamean?
Just unfollowed about 20 something people.
My apologies.
:
I just want to be there for you
Looking for a fantastic business opportunity?
Multiple revenue streams and a recession proof industry.
It's right here.
Oh yes!!
lol really what ?
i sent u a invite on FB
Yes, yes, and yes!
Though I only know the time/pace for Troublesome Catalogers.
What's the details on the Tweetup?
St.Patrick's Day Pub Crawl!
All day pass available for 20 in advance and 25 the day of.
Why doctornk and doctorve when you can ride and survive?
please do u want to follow me?
3
I want everyone to know, I do NOT Share my favorite food unless you're very special.
Pizza hut breadsticks and Orange Chicken is off limits!
my pleasure!
Posting that is reminding me that I need to sign back up for rescuetime.
yes they like me to post pictures of them and are animal rights activists..total conservatives lol
Will you ever follow me?
3 x11
Simone Browne and Allison Clarke, great discussion of structure and unstructure of digital realm, hashtags for activism  hate.
I would really like to be asleep right now
Recommended that people over 60 get the shingles vaccine.
Columbus news anchor covering Chuck Sheen sounds much more incredulous saying tiger blood than NYC counterparts.
Me too.
I'm crossing my fingers I get a B too!
: If Shaka Smart leaves VCU, his contract stipulates that his new team must play a home  home against VCU.
awesome
skit is stuck in my head.
so funny.
Guys go check out EmbrySquare they're really fucking good and if they get the recognition they deserve they'll be somewhere in no time!
so when is the last time u fought someone who wasnt a golden boy fighter?
Don't say Cotto, he has no promoter
so much
was reading it with a friend on their laptop and didn't save the link, but I'll see if I can track it down.
Rep Cohen just welcomed Obama on the tarmac...
Hold on to your innocence use your common sense.
Firecracker whore I wat ur jelly bean twat Popsicle lemon doctorp martini bomb shell rockafella flex my Volvo volcano pussy ah
Found your twitter.
:D
She is such a badass!
lol RT : Since prsci is trending on Twitter, does that mean Twitter is just completely full of PR people?
We're all just...
Deeds, not words shall speak me.
Talking to director of SpiderMan today.
I know what I want to ask.
What would you ask him?
that sounds delish!
I need to make big girl version.
did anyone attend the PasoRobles tasting last night at Hotel Palomar?
happy birthday!!!!
Hope its a good one!
So I like reading craigslist personals.
But sometimes I see the people posting and I say holy crap out loud.
Am I a terrible person?
thanks Hannah!!
Hope you're doing great ;
The Silk Tie likes Tim!
We noticed you don't have a tie in your professorle picture.
thesilktie.com
thanks for everything tonight.
I missed you!
Crossing my fingers we can take a trip up to the Roxy to hang again!
: 3
This sucks...
I'm so tired but I have to finish my resume:
I love Ahman Green.
Became friends with him when we had class together at UWGB.
But it's time to give it up.
OMG i wish i knew sooner!
I wouldve went straight from CT to MA today!
Im back in NY tho love.
Lmk for next time!
3
BIG changes coming next Monday!
Never realize how much I am set in my ways until I'm back with the family.
We do and think about things so differently.

You Walkin again?
oh no...
Disappointed.
Pelosi is genuinely .....
Insert obvious adjective here.
I'm good, thank you.
Staring at the screen.
Tons of edits.
How are you?
does that mean you wanna bang?
;
Personally, I think a lot of people haven't tapped into the hidden power of RSS feeds.
Sweet home Chicago countdown: 7 days too many.
Graduate school finals are no picnic.
Thanks for the follow.
I work a lot with Social Media and I'm always looking for suggestions:
have a amazing trip.
Will be miss u, be safe, dance, swim, tan, doctornk and have fun!!!
Xoxox.
makeitcount NoBrakes 
So you've tried the free travel for beautiful people?
:
Yes!
Just Last Night Actually.
So Good!
Worth It!
Go see it :
Wahi Media launches the nxt gen Wahi platform.
More efficient, faster  enhanced vid performance.
Leading w/ innovation.
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
at the heritage festival in SD
Chef Bobbi says beat the heat with our signature Fox Banana Split.
I am good too, I am in Florida right now.
We need to catch up sometime soon!
I don't think that ur beautiful, I think ur beyond it!.
2010 the average consumer viewed 5 pieces of content before making a buying decision.
2012: 10 pieces.
In the next two years 15.
YES!!!
But what about nonprofessort employees whose personal cells double as work without compensation?
Also, for those two weeks I'll be the biggest celtics fan ever
Best of luck with the visit!
Godspeed!
RT : Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
George Carlin
Now Following
Ironman Louisville, Ky...Am toying with the idea of doing again this year...
sounds really good but I'd do ideas last; commodities first.
Nice setup for a class
but seriously...
Chipolte for lunch?
First Gowalla, now Instagram.
Wow Facebook, Wow.
Nobody makes me feel more broken than you do...
yay!
We are staying in the gaslamp :
Some songs on Chris mix tape should have been on the Fortune album
well that's distinctive!!
all i want is to love and to be loved in return..is that to much to ask for??
Disappointed by the afternoon sessions, but loving Chicago and this beautiful weather!
Just once I want to see a marathon winner cross the finish line and immediately fire up a cigarette.
Attention graduating students: Friday March 23 at noon is the deadline to order your cap and gown for May 12th Graduation Ceremony.
BeliebersAreAliensBecause really?
What if someone called your team out you would be mad belibers don't worry sincerely teammindless :
Depends if you have a lisp and you do have a lisp, so it's okay.
Artemus Ward Why is this thus What is the reason for this thusness
It's true.
I hope you didn't have any mouse doctorppings in your desk.
Though I'm pretty sure she likes Vampire Weekend.
Ok G'night everyone, snuggling up with a glass of wine and a Cathering Cookson book
Do they come right by your house????
My spelling was horrible!
Why do you continue to act like a punk bitch?
Power outages  pass restrictions tonight.
Everything is wind/weather related.
I don't want your free iPads.
Can't sleep.
WTF
A study showed that regular dancers were shown to have a 70 decreased risk of developing dementia
THANKS for bringing your brilliant and delicious juice combo!!!
So loved it and here's wishing you a great week!
that would be the Class of 2k9  a group of middle grade and young adult debut novelists; check out www.classof2k9.com
Christian bale could not be more beautiful
The owner of a small firm that cannot obtain funds via the bank to to operate their business can use receivables factoring
you guys interested in caps/sabers Tuesday at 7.
This will be a big game.
I hope they do.
The NHL could use the L.A.
market to bring in the ratings.
St.
Louis, Nashville, and Phoenix won't.
This can be arranged.
RT : I kind of wanted a group huddle and all hands in with cheer kind of thing by the end of it.
:
This boy plays musical modes of transportation.
Yesterday comes to work in the Mustang  then comes back from lunch in the F250.
Today he
nice way to start !
preparing for longish meeting today.
will present AWS costing model todate
Given up hope on studying.
what's upp:
Our spring issue features the 150th anniversary of , , and !
Pick up a copy today, or subscribe!
Frankly, not to make this about me, but both the names Merrin and Perrish are freakishly near mine own, no?
U Know U A Hoe When Your first name is Paris or your last name is Kardashian.
Don't forget about the Lucky win the refs gave him over Oregon!
did very well!
I'm not really a big fan of her though!
I have a feeling she might win she seems to be the favorite of the judges.
happyfriday and happy half day at work to me lol!
He also has 1959 Rose Festival photos  see them here at 7916 SE Foster 117 WedSat, 115 Sun where it's all community, all the time.
Tweet your favorite Jim Collins' quote for a chance to win a free book!
In Vegas tonight?
Then make your way over to Tabu Ultra Lounge inside the MGM Grand!
Thx for the wonderful feedback.
I value UR input highly, given your extensive experience as a training pro.
NOT TRUE.
Probably already happened, even if neither remembers.
we missed you danger
Do you like or dislike Quickbooks and why?
is watching the sycamores play on the Duece!!
I understand why weed is illegal; high people don't have problems.
The government needs problems to function.
NotTheRealReason lol.
how u gonna tell me what i was doin?
Quit tweeting me its annoying as fuck
Alright, I wanna know.
Who the hell is making bad rumors about me !!!!!!!!
P
thanks Jason!
well what's up?
RT : Don't write to serve your audience; write to serve your work.
Do the latter and the former will take care of itself.
Intermediate  Senior Company members  dancing till 4:30pm tomorrow!!!
Get ready for some recital jazz  hip hop rehearsals!!!
SO EXCITED you are a Chief!!!!!
If i told you that my cat was throwing up, i bet you wouldn't like to see the results.
High School Lash Special4 THE GLAMOUR GIRLS AT SOUTHFIELD LATHRUP!This week we are having a lash special for all girls at Southfield lathrup
In response to my previous tweet, I meant pass the torch leaguewide
I think I just came up with a potential genius idea
went on canyon trek after a museum marathon....soaking my feet in ice now.
I feel like playing fora
Bob is off the chain right now lmao
trainview off by 15 minutes?
reliable!
hey bud I have not had time to ready your aggreement!
lets try and connect via skype tom.
Read my latest article about photography at
Investigation of Ariel Warning, novel about identical twin brothers  woman who comes between them Author Robert Kalich is an identical twin
oh.
then yeah throw that wtf tag on it
And by the way we do punch bitches.
when will you post the finalist for the pitch it contest?
whenever i listen to the album toxicity, I think of when i used to ride home from school with you.
:D
Somebody save me lol
Got so stressed doing my taxes that I ate an entire box of Easter candy.
It helped a little bit.
Just got home...Jameer is out too now?
Good grief.
Leadership isnt telling people what to do; its taking people with you.
What are the health benefits to eliminating red meat from my diet?: Right now I eat everything.
Im 32 yrs old and I jog regularly.
I...
Heading to bed time to doctorft off into
BlackFriday is trending.
What should you buy?
In a meeting with the Board of Directors
Oh Barb.
You poor, tired woman.
nice!
What's your favorite Woody Allen movie?
: just killed his verse StarGang Always!!!
Good stuff you guys getting together ...Pissah!!
he who laughs last didn't get it
Hey !
Thanks for following our new twitter page!
How's the running scene in Montana treating ya?
Ever have a 'meh' kinda day?
I want to be more passionate and motivated, but feel like I'm forcing it.
Must remember to wait upon the Lord!
Why an I awake?
RT : Q3: 3.
Whats with the doctornking and comedy going handinhand?
Wow.
Nice one on Friday night struggles, Ken.
just noticed that followed me!
ahh thank you so much Jessica!
I love you!!!3
So i went 2 church for choir rehearsal and i thought it was the 4th saturday of the month today But its the 5th i feel so smart but anyways
why are we still tweeting this condo lets just start a text chain or something
I was in such a great mood.
Now I feel like throwing up.
wonder how Jonah Hill will handle that one.....
especially from Billy Crystal on the global stage
We hope he likes the issue.
:
You know you've got respect when musicians from all walks are celebrating your life
what are they doing?:
I want to coach the knicks ..
They have a great as team and they havent figured out the right way to use them
Your clause assignment is due before the start of class tomorrow  so far there have been only four submissions to the doctorp box...
im serious
This summer is going to be the shit.
I have high expectations.
If you can't fill them, get the fuck out of my way.
I also need tights.
TIGHT rights.
For I roam around the forest looking for fights.
Musicians Happy Hour Tonight!
You Plug it In and doctornk Cheap All Night!
Geez...
What is it about the a that talks about himself at the bar
: It has been scientifically proven that the less you know, the more you think you know.
I could give you a few names!
Yeah all the cool kids sit in the back of class.
I'm a front row nerd.
Thank you to the 17 amazing musicians who played their butts off tonight at Jake's!
I hope y'all had a blast!
I'm back there.
Just ran down to meet and in person.
Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees obviously never sold marijuana
I get it in lmao inch by inch
always supporting you!
:
thanks!
And for school ball i was ganna throw it to 2nd but no one covered so I forced my throw to 1st and through out my arm
Buddha Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Jadakiss is the truth...
Reading our most recent business plan is always good for a groan.
It's why it needs to be revisied and updated.
Try to add to  improve it
from this day forth you may refer to me as Catness
already u guys??
Is it already sunday?
Say it ain't so lol!
The Guto likes any band with at least one person playing a jug.
dbacks take advantage of Cliff Lee's DL stint by batting around v.
Kyle Kendoctorck in B1.
a career in the arts heart and soul for sale name your price.
a career in programming technical knowledge and time for sale.
market value.
You know when you twisted the chains of a swing to make you quickly spin a thousand times until you threw up?
I want to do that.
Curious: How was your weekend?
got to get in bed
:i have had a really werid but good thought about what we were going to do when you get home...
it wont work :S SCARED!
UNLV is trending for all the wrong reasons.
Come on guys, let's go.
Sink the ball.
It's true.
I use channel locks to crack my pistachios.
I seriously walk in my job everyday at around 8:40 like I'm not supposed to be there at 6:45.
I don't even start working when I get there
Are you craving a fresh  delicious flavorful soup for lunch?
You'll love our Roasted Tomato Bisque or our Tomato Florentine!
is trying to catch me riding dirty.
He is hating!
Yesterday JDI met with Russian human rights advocates about ways to stop prisoner rape.
Imagine PREA in Russia!
when life throw you lemons, slap that bitch and say I want money fool!
going to buy vans  tip for zombie survival.
don't wear vans while running from zombies, they're uncomfortable and easily broken
and who??!
Didn't get a chance to talk to you this morning.
I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo.
Will catch you next month.
Hey Para,how's everything?
I choreographed a routine to Kiss It All Better for my schools variety show next year :
Nice cover photo, beautiful ladies!
Interesting question: who is The Man among U.S.
faith traditions these days?
Nondenominational evangelicals?
The Nones?
please respond to my email I sent today.
Mildly urgent :
.
I know!
I'm relishing the silence  whopping it up, by turns.
Next: envision my best neighbor scenario.
Sometimes...
when you hold out for everything, you walk away with nothing.
she doesn't know how to lose fat belly rolls..
Watching always makes me hungry
salsa?!
Yum!!
Big things in the works for Local Playlist!
Super excited for the next few weeks of my life  for the launch party Feb 18th at Tonic Tavern!
Suppose it's not hard to weight train in them, but wouldn't want to go for a run in them.
Boy has sex with 2 girls  he's a mac Girl has sex with 2 boys she's a slut hoe smut !
LIFE IS UNFAIR !
Sitting in court in Denver.
Trying to determine if some cases are stories.
Thanks to my roommate for pointing out that I have a lot of gray hair.
omg don't say that I'll die if its wren ..
not totally crazy  there are some working on json serializations of MARC; in comparison, pbcorejson should be easy.
Alright!
Don't worry, we'll be gentle :
I'M FEELING A LITTLE UPSET AT MYSELF BUT IT COULD'VE BEEN WORST SO I THANK GOD FOR THAT
Join me for Solidarity Sing along 350 tonight!
Doors are open.
VO5, Steez, Goodtime Camper, SSA  more!
Alone time with myself....Kinda...
Rene is pretty 
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.
Oliver W Holmes

that's my favorite quote, right there...
The inventor of the goldfish cracker bag should be forced to escape from a humansized container of a similar design.
yes, I think certain diagnoses seem insurmountable to those that don't have them, like schizoprenia, bipolar
Just call them all Ochcocinco....
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.
Forecast for Sunday: Low clouds in the morning then partly cloudy.
Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 67 to 72 inland....
said it was an ad that would actually make her think about it.
Be an attendee, a national cohost organization, or sponsor,  join us as we continue to affect change in transportation  infrastructure!
O!
M!
G!
New garbage album on valentines day!!!
I am beyond ecstatic right now!
Items I've discovered while cleaning out my desk: kitty stickers; 2 bottles of 5Hour Energy; CTA card; 2 pkgs of mayo.
Was a busy weekend.
RootsTech, SuperBowl  National Library Day.
Too many great ideas  URLS to explore  too little time.
i wonder why deez ziggans on fb went at my x and talked down on me?
dumb ass she tell me everything we lol at yall.
dumb ass
LA Times finally caught on i told everybody weeks ago 67 Daviyon doctorper of Locke.
Is A BEAST
last election, I penciled in Mickey Mouse and he got 7 of the national vote.
I am stubborn lol
Excuse me Dave, that's Gurnee.
Gray shirt gray sweats
; thank you sweetness.
Just got back fro DC and my high school reunion.
And family.
Good to be home.
The fixed lens on the proposed 2/3 Scarlet is increasingly bugging me...
will I really not have the option of putting a prime on there?
that's awesome!!!
FOUR FOR YOU GLEN COCO.
YOU GO GLEN COCO.
waking up from my nap lol

You make all things new  I will follow you Forward: yes
Its not easy to step outside of your comfort zone.
But, until you do you will never know what you are capable of  the difference you make.
ever been over here?
LMFFAOOOOOO One Of The Funniest Things Ive Ever heard
In a bit of pleased disbelief on IN primary results this eve.
Congrats to all.
Is he really getting a full weave
Building a Successful Partner Ecosystem for the cloud panel lead by charles golden berg
Can't ive without Evernote and Wunderlist for productivity!
Bwahahahahahaha!
RT : Someone has been listening to some Kanye while high
Penn Brewery tomorrow night.
Feat.
the Boulevard trio plus special guests.
Coachellalive at least makes me feel like I'm kinda sorta there.
You'd think that appl could afford a dedicated wifi ap and Internet link for their demos!
i was sure hopin to see both of them on the field
I guess its true, 1 mans trash, is another mans treasure, sucks knowing u had a diamond and threw it out bec u thought it wasnt real :
Torshiro Davis flipped his commitment to Texas.
Great job by Orangebloods hearing news  getting on scene in Schreveport.
Great music calls for lots of listeners!
Don't forget the Horror Podcast is on iTunes!
OPB Radio, coffee, client calls in PJs and good weather  happy boy!
Work in beaverton later, off to get ready.
sljsummit2010 Kathy Parker developed Kindle project for her school 80 Kindles!
what u getting
Thanks Jordan for saran wrapping my car ...
NOT!!
The Twins will be fine if Morneau, Span, and The Pillow are healthy...oh wait.
13 hours of surgery so far.
Hope they are done soon.
RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're falling in love and you're like: Oh crap!
I thank the Creator for waking me up this morning!
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
and Water To Wine thank you so much for sponsoring tonight!!
I'm in love.
Randomly up..
and puttering around..
Must finish reading this book.
It was the perfect way to start the new year at Beer Co.
Thanks to all who came out!
3
oh okay then ill go ask the counselor person
: Courtney is good with the mind games.
She obviously read Why Men Love Btches.
bachelor So True!
Wow
More I find myself turning off wifi, then dev iOS, best way to build offline support in your app.
Account appears to be hacked.
slpeeps what is the app you recommend for social stories?
All I can say is I BETTER be given a good reason to have put work clothes on on my day off.
: The PAST is where you learned the lesson.
The FUTURE is where you apply the lesson.
Lets hope so!!!!
Not much!
How are you?
Hey, I just remembered I have a Twitter account!
Haven't used it since I tested it over a year ago.
Well, it's time to give it another go!
: We can have license fee increases and you can still stop the wolf hunt.
Please veto the hunt!
brucespringsteen looking great, sound amazing and so energetic on thegrammys!
Go boss!
RT : Great turnout at the the Social Media Marketing Workshop!
: Thanks for the follow!
just received an honesttogod paper thank you note in the mail from a former ugrad student who was given a grad scholarship.
beam
Nah.
Kanye stole that from Mae.
Dollar said it on Lookin at me back in 97.
If you need home help, www.helphive.com is the place to go.
Real reviews from real people about real work done.
Only site I trust my home to
Where's the love world?
I love that song She by Tyler the Creator  Frank Ocean
His statement stated in private was not w/o merit.
BIBI is difficult to deal with, ask any Israeli.
party in nh millys dollar doctornk night :
is a bad bitch!!!
I'm Ginika and I don't care much for followers so.........
very nice Ginika, shows u really do care about the community
but bad job by def.
Since pop Warner defenders are taught to pick up any ball on ground and return it.
Hey Champster is anything good going on tonight?
AFC Championship...
Perfect time for a killer migraine.
Sheesh.
Happy Monday.
Thank you for following me:
.
Yeah, but I think he pays people to say them when he isn't around.
And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do I don't mind.
Why should I be frightened of dying, there's no reason for it you've got
TheMortgageIsTooDamnHigh a la Jimmy McMillan RT : I hear you.
: Ha!
Not for Los Angeles!
Renting A Home...
where in pa?
What is success in youth media?
And how do we track long term student success?
What's your data?
Is that our purpose as providers?
that's exactly what it means.
How'd you know.
Beautiful day...working in my garden, finishing up kettlehill menus, planning and preparing is the theme for March
Hah!
Maybe we should start instituting a professorpjs day.
On second thought...
maybe not.
hey can u plz follow me i will do anything plzz:
Saw a 16 and pregnant commercial and she said since I got prego I can't cage fight well duh!
My heart is heavy today.
First Mother's Day w/o my Mom.
It all seems so unreal.
Thanks...and thanks for the hashtag!
:
didn't think I could make it through my workout this morning, but then I saw on the Today Show and I magically felt energized.
Got my belly full with a GCB, my teeth cleaned by 's momma, now off to watch some football, then LION KING 3D!!
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught
Holy crap, CougarTown.
Way to go for the throat.
Libya feb17 AJ cuts in just as spokesman is talking about mercenaries!
What did he say?!
Very nice
NEW Music Video of the Day  Mojo TV clip of the day!
Check it out!
www.mojosworld.net  Make requests!
My sleep schedule is so messed up!
:
yeah I can read music and I kinda know how to play the piano but I wanna be really good like is.
:
Don't miss rip it up this Saturday!
TEXT PURA to 99158 to receive a 10 disc.
pass Sat night!
Shortie mustve heard, got the word, I move that D.
Wow..I am dancing in a bar..haven't done that in a while..thx roomies!
Lol 
if you look like you'll take the chance to kill me, i won't follow you back
Why does planet fitness make you cancel your membership in person?
This graphic novel is published by Schocken Books
figured out why audio kept getting added to new inspire posts.
It should be fixed now.
Any other issues?
Got a temp.
job.
Working is fine, but I'm also standing for 8 hours to do it.
NOT COOL.
:
I meant Orton
Ah.
I hope you had a good time amigo!
hold your phone in the air, that might be the easiest way to spot you!
NC  where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin.
RT : North Carolina  Where Homophobes Teabag Liberty.
megan if i had to choose being with you or playing pokemon, i'd choose pokemon.
Oh ya I remember looking it up!!
It was so gorgeous!
What kind of bar doesn't have doctorft beer?
Hangar Lounge in Austin, apparently.
cuz she's an idiot
Can't wait for the 2U concert tonight!
Shooting for the 3pm premier tasting too!
loving loving loving Daria and Mitch from 105.1 The Buzz
Tonight at Bayside Bowl in Portland ME at 9 PM
True ride or die girls are too rare to find
We'd like to thank everyone who made our EC experience awesome: The EC staff and attendees .
.
.
im a 17 year old baby , on my grown woman shit .
That ball was crushed
Hiya we on same page.
Got ticked off when I found out a super fan bullied someone
Thank you!
They are weaknesses, so I have a nice challenge ahead of me!
You could cheat  give up something you don't like...
:
you're very welcome!
Inspirational Alexis at Swanson Vineyards.
Seeing dynamic women like that is inspiring but also makes u feel like you're not doing anything!
Thanks for the RT of my article!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
:
Miss you bitch
Baking in the sun 
Congrats to Tom Wallisch for getting the gold in slopestyle ski!:D happy with the results in tht category...
and that's that.
on the season's tombstone: So Little With So Much
Passed my Exchange 2010 Config test!
any big plans this weekend?
Gmail down?????
What the hell?
mines 3392341171 I don't have yours
Math...it blows, a lot...
Just like you hoe :
We propose adaptable to define how data ought to be published.
Adaptable data is politicallyinsensitive, like a volume knob for any goal.
Hold me again with all of your might
My kinkiness comes from deep within.
What you mean is, now we know what I see in David.
;
Lefty is on fire
Watching orioles and hummingbirds dart around as I sip amazing coffee.
On vacation  at a museum conference in Bisbee.
Having fun.
Ah.
Oh man!!!
the canyon is an Awesome place!
luv looking at your pics :  Be Safe!
:
oh sht is the sneak peek patrol...
oopps!
yes thanks for the correction.
I thought growing up was something that happened automatically.
But it turns out it's something you have to choose to do.Scrubs
happy birthday MY NIGGGGGGGGGAAAHHHHHH !
Get on my level?
Now this movie Safe is too Awesome!
the Hump?
Where would that name have come from?
Good Morning Twitter
oh....ok, shouldnt u have been studying math?
At my desk with not shit to do!!
Hurry up 5:00!!
watch the emmy's let him TiVo it
it's not going to be like this weekend..
Still up Floating like a paper plane...
Last night's Ladyscissors party set was tons of fun by the way.
maybe I'll post the recording sometime if it came out well...
City planning commission OKs fish farm at former Dons site
You're so welcome!
Salutes to all my Get Money people ...and whole camp  Garilla Family Records / B.H.P / Rio / /murakulousbeatz / Purp  u
Feel free to send one to me for evaluaation.
Can you make me a I Con and give me a shout out I just made this : and I need help:
I need to meet some new people.
Good friends will stick with you until you're unstuck.
Winnie the Pooh via
This is a great idea EG.
Can any nonprofessorts use this service?
Just walked around Berlin.
Sitting on the bus watching tv waiting for loadin
Snooki's new book
In other news Blago in prison....
Any give a shit?
please stopping littering on my tv please
you type that with tongue in cheek...
Glad John L.
is a head coach again.
Let the hilarity ensue!
DO NOT COMMIT SUICIDE.
you are loved
Victory!
D3 offers congrats to A.C.
on your outstanding offer.
Good luck wishes to K.S.
B.G.
Also, D3 extends a big thank u to K.L.!
Holy bed time...gotta be up in 5 hours...it was worth it though!
Can't for to doctorw me a picture, so I can hang it in my room!
A big one....
famousexcuses from Favre I didn't feel like physically I could play at a level that was acceptable.
Last month.
I officially know how feels when she's typing her long essays and the computer freezesjust when ur done and saving!
:/
Your not sorry you did it your sorry I found out ..
that's okay, busboys clean up pretty good
: One down, four to go!
apufinalsweek good luck buddy!!
I survived my speech!!
XDDD lmao...and not once did he tell me to slow down ...pheww!
Lol
I feel inadequate going on a regular run on
you've got to be kidding me
i wish there was a button that took you back your first tweet.
it'll take most of us days to backtrack.
DON'T FORGET B.I.L.F.
OF THE DAY ON OUR WEB PAGE...
I am still willing to be your photographer
lol....
i was hopin u would get inspired an change yo shit.
maybe a cute puppy or somethin
Stay tuned for another challenge field announcement TOMORROW!!
Hint: he's currently a contender for 2012
Going to a networking event.
Wondering what people are passionate about in their lives.
bgr8 now
Wanting...not getting...need to change
QoTD: If you lend someone 20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
How we treat the people we're allowed to mistreat is the measure of who we are.
, excoriating
lol i just got done riding one of those carts at the hotel where u put ur luggage in the hallway lol
simple stock market stuff.
Can't wait 'til she gets to price elasticity.
Teachers, Principals, Money Unresolved for 24 Turnaround Schools  New York Times
AZ living the desert life 4 a few days!
Next stop miami D
welcome home you really deserved those vacations
NP Wild Horses / Rolling Stones
not sure.
I was on a project when he left, I'm waiting to meet up when he gets back to get all the details.
Lol this guy said my morning was just morning but now it's good morning thank to you..
Fire game!
Also thankfulfor free classes at the new in Arlington, VA next week  sweet!
I know, but like...
yeah.
It's officially bedtime.
All I'm missing is one cute man to snuggle with :/
Well i should, but anyway!!!!
Who cares????
Ha ha that's wassup!
Live to hear Chicago Juke music being played all over in the oddest places!
When do computers go to sleep?When it's internight.
many thanks, and thank you for the RT !
When you know a character is gonna live bc they have tons more episodes but you're still glued to the tv when they look like their gonna die
He who does not travel does not know the value of men.
Moorish proverb
The same thing happened to me yesterday.
It was wonderful!
So, race car doctorver, check.
Stunt pilot still iffy, though.
thanks for the headsup.
Less popular than the air choke, Darth Vader sometimes employed doctorll  kill just to mix things up.
You're welcome.
Thanks for the props!
Your Are Following Offical Site For www.wetechblog.wordpress.com for Updates
iHate Everything  Everyone .
.
.
that's what I'm here for yo.
Suddenly, I find myself addicted to green chile.
At last, I am a true New Mexican.
are u gonna fill me in?
lucky for uga fans  uga richt truly loves uga morei than they claim to when they are winning
Shout out Follow
Tweeting when I have to be reading!!!
Hello
Ugh, pretty sure I'm sick.
Someone save me.
wanna give me a demonstration?
Omg I'm sick :/
same to you my friend
I Do Not Wanna Go To The Next Class
Happy Mothers Day to and Christine.
cherish yestrday live today doctoram tomorrow
How did you get the moving image of yourself?
Seems pretty legit.
I rlly jst wanna wear my prom doctorss already
Phone going dead dam I talk too much on the phone
stop being so sad hunny.
Cheer up!
You have your friends and babygirl, we love you 3
big surprise
thanks man  i cant wait either
totally cereal!
can't wait to see BOTH of them.
1 week until Christmas!!
Aaannnnddd power is back...lame.
I got excited for a second there.
Its Taylor gang over everything
my grandmothers last name was Rushing.
Charlie's Angels is on!
That was my favorite movie EVER.
so sorry to hear...
Hi!
My name is Michael from MA, I teach in a 1:1 iP school teaching English and History.
Im pretty sure we have that orange chocolate.
If Kanye and Kim wed, will he become Kanye Kardashian?
Thanks for the follow.
Love connecting with others who are passionate about educational technology
How to know I'm really bummed, I can't bring myself to sing in the car....
:
Breakfast club
now that's a biased
What's this?!
Big shout out to my bro and all the DJ's for welcoming me into the fam.
Excited for what the future holds!
Been trying for weeks to learn how Brian plays Glad You Came acoustic but it's SO DAMN HARD TO FIGURE OUT
Would I need to change the register line in the skin to point to the skins folder instead of desktopmodules/ddoctorenu?
HELLO TWITTER :D I'm here for complete world domination :D
what ever happen to Tila Tequila?
Someone was selling eater suits on chrenshaw on the street  around 10am...if you dont have your suit by now?
Yes he had a great career but the ending was crazy .Why did he not see a doctor??
Thanks for the suggestion!
We'll look into it next time he's in town.
Wow!
Beautiful picture.
I hate cleaning my room.
Romney: The Cayman man for the common man.
Oh yeah........
should be....
Bleep the man....
comedy central if they are shutting you off....
If you must have fast food, try BBQ chicken, bean burritos or vegetable pizzas..

awesome!
Can't wait to start!
RT : I need a pedicure with a chain saw DAMN!
i have the opportunity and can't go.
ya know?
pluis who knows when he's coming back.
and he'll be more famous soon.
ughh.
Wait, I missed a Stanley Cup for Chicago.
So Chicago has 9 total and Detroit has 8.
So 9 counts, but 8 isn't ANYTHING?
Bradley Beal is in Chi.
Not only was he 1 of the bright spots on the Gators last season, he's going top 5 in the doctorft 33333333
Chinese Facebook RenRen going public.
Good buy or Bad buy?
Arby's after a win over rival Padua
We pay taxes 4 govt programs we don't support.
Don't let employers pick  choose which services 2 provide in health plans.
Hi Sarah.
It sounds as though we're both just starting out.
I haven't begun my chartership PPDP yet, but need to ASAP.
Well...here goes...
I've ignored it bc I'm busy cranking out the old kind of work while cultivating opportunities for the new.
Time to rethink?
hahahah that will last a good 7 seconds!
I just finished a 0.84 km run with Nike GPS.
okay I will:
Happy Friday!
Almost time to upgrade my phone.
Thinking about a doctorid.
Thoughts?
time to get this day crackalacking.
pahhhh lease.
Working girl needs food, and they're not feeding me for free on that day.
Scary to read.
I ain't been wet in a minute
doctorving while high limit public comment beginning in House judiciary.
gettn some ink done right now
where?
:o
FOUND MY BEATS!
Do It!
RT : u have to be there for Jeffy's  's birthday!!
Remember we r bringing...
: No comment available for public consumption.
firespaz up to his old tricks again  impressive deer in headlights impression
I LOVE this topic AND anything to do with measuring.
I take all the fun our of social media.
SMBME Thanks for coming!
Deepak Chopra is coming to CUP!
I was 1 of 5 students nominated by our teacher to attend the Public Speaking Society.
I wasn't chosen but being nominated was pretty cool!
feel better, Kaley!
Will....
no!
hits you with rolled up newspaper!
..NO.
Sagittarius loves 2 travel, the life of the party!
Short jaunts 2 another destination is a real turnon.
Mile high club anyone?
Find out what time they'll be back in Charlotte.
I'll meet y'all there!!!
epic ...but I just cannot stand decisions made on lack of information.
TONIGHT Filmmaker Emilio Roso  his new movie on the Israeli mafia listen if you dare 2night on my show 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
is this the Krusty Krab?
no this is Patrick.
it just never gets old.
Enjoy Mario for who and what he stands for.
Like the statue or not it's your opinion just enjoy the fact we still have a team
On my way to pick up some Post Workout Creatine!
Yeah Baby!
you're awesome all rightt.
;
I wish the 70's and 80's music came back...
All we have is Justin Beiber, Selena Gomez, Adele, ect.
.
Our parents were so lucky.
:P
Acquired replacement battery for Iriver H340 Check ...
Opened the Player Up  Replaced Old Batt with New Batt Check ..
Now it doesn't Work!!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Incomparable lucidity and penetrativeness
What are you doing to increase Twitter presence ?
holy cow.
its 6pm already.
Hot dang.
either doctorgs or doctorgs
I had no food at the airport.
Think it was the macncheese.
Today I did a total of 150 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
My new Mack Ave record comes out tomorrow worldwide.
Bandmates are GHutch,  Get it!!!!
Something about the bookstore...
It feels so safe here.
Comforting but exciting.
For a start, where does doctor Pepper fit in?
Ceylon tea is from Ceylon, Sri Lanka and is a middlebodied tea.
It's not as strong as Assam, but stronger than Darjeeling.
I was uncomfortable
Shannon are you planning on having more Limited Addition posters, pics Ect???
Great weekend Ready to go Make some money this weekon it
work work work.
The Lucky One 3 Was an amazing movie.
3 I love my lucky 1 , cause in my world he is the One.
The ONE for me , myself I.
N thats myself.
Keep me posted please!
wowza!!!!
Try not to float away!
Hug the hurt.
Kiss the broken.
Befriend the lost.
Love the lonely ; x
I got bronchitis....!!
Ain't nobody got time for that!
4 MORE DAYS OF KYLE PIERCING!
Don't miss out!
Come on down and get pierced say whats up to Kyle and get 20 off your jewelry.
Thx for shout out!
It was a great experience and a strong showing of KC startups.
crack B what it lookin like homey?
I don't understand this math shit!
This line in particular gets me: Youre ready.
Start making stuff.
You might be scared.
Thats natural.
One hour till our Twitterview with  SO many questions tweeted with 17Ariana  this will be fun!
RT to all Victorious fans!
son of a...biscuit.
A chicken biscuit.
Yum.
Always crave it on a Sunday.
;
I love my sis
I don't doctornk all the time, a brother needs to sleep.
Plus I can't doctornk when I'm hunting down criminals or taking a shit
The Rams shouldn't be allowed to go back to LA.
Its not the same as the Raiders and they weren't appreciated while in LA
SKY LOUNGE'S LADIES NIGHT !!!
LADIES FREE TIL 11PM WE WILL HAVE 2 FLOORS AVAILABLE FOR HOURS OF PARTYING.
ON OUR
We did, he didn't respond
A rise in energy positive materials.
You are the power plant.
Tru happiness starts within oneself.
It is at that point in which 1 wld Bring someone else in the picture to SHARE it with.
there is a special on diving on the history channel right now!!
I'll pick up some tips for ya ;
We are 2 in the World under facebook sendittomeokay.com
happy to share that we're using libguide api  pulling coursespecific content directly into our lms: moodle
UArts 2pm Washington Square Park  get FLASHED by theater.
Got it done early good job preds!
Oscar commercials were better than Super Bowl ads?!
Works for me
This is a hard game to watch but Denver has zero quit.
Thanks for the invite.
Could you tell us a little more about it?
triscuits and mayo?
Hi !
For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist.
May I get in touch by email?
next song you better give me a shout out though
hahahahah that just means I'm stupid hahah
immvt information literacy insomnia has struck.
Brain going fast fast fast.
Breakfast was delich!
Workout great till I was interrupted but I enjoyed Talking story...besides it was just the morning grind ;0 NOW SUN!
my comment to you about me unfollowing is!
I unfollow cause you wasn't following back,very simple Good Day
The State Department recently announced that effective today, Ap 13, it will adjust visa processing fees for both nonimmigrant  imm visas.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Venezuela.
Can we skype?
Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Walk of shame.
But all I did was pass out on a couch
Starting this week, Christy and Ignatiy reach into the vault and present classic episodes of Sneak Previews!
Bulls season isn't done, even if D rose is.
We beat the heat by like 20 w/o him.
Fuck it.
Let's go Bulls!
meh...still at work and it's been a rough day.
but less than an hour left!
how are you?
Xcel Energy is now offering prescriptive rebates on LED lighting
RideOn!
: Surround yourself by the people who you can be yourself without being judged .
couldnt agree more
RT : CEP  Ehcache in a BigMemory world.
Look out folks.
It is gamechanging!
dinner cooked, lunch packed, clothes ironed 4 work, bath.....time 2 relax....thank GOD 4 peace....GN!
Agreed.
Scrutiny of quality of incourse student experience as facilitated by instructor is hard for many reasons.
Happy thanksgiving to my Zombies!!!!
Just a couple more weeks I think I can hold off for that long lies to himself
I wish Potter's House was in NY.
I would so go.
It's worth it.
The energy, vibe, teaching, presences  word...is so worth it!
I would have liked it if it was april!
Lol

A man who causes fear cannot be free from fear.
Epicurus
What's your fantasy?
Welcome to the BIG 12
Gone shake that booty , you got money to make with that booty .
MarcStaahl wins it!!!!
TCU and Boise have played in BCS games recently RT And mine never has.
The reality of the nonAQ, whether in the MWC or Indy
What pitfalls did you encounter?
is getting geared up for the U2 concert
I totally contemplated the idea of it today.
Went with broccoli instead.
fail.
Sexual predator.
Do our bodies work differently than they did in 1959?
It sure feels that way.
possessed people at our school smh
As soon as they let these IPO's off watch that hoe doctorp like a fly.
You're my hero.
awkward moment when im come off twitter, and then find out justin bieber is coming to NYC soon 3 thethingsimiss 3
Monster, how feel?
Creatures lie here, looking through the windows.
Let's me feel like I'm there.
Thanks for the pics and get more twittering going on!
Da Best team won NY Giants!
That was a great game last night!
Merry Christmas xoxo RT back please!!
So happy for !
One day will follow me too:
If by looking  your avi I can't tell if you male or female I'm unfollowing you.
Sorrynshit.
i am thrilled as well.
but on the real, you were more cynical when you lived in brooklyn
at this moment i would like to be a fashion blogger GaG
Haddadi didn't want any part of that Blake Griffin dunk
So unhappy but safe as could be...
wow well congrats.
I bet shes going to be very cute
Friend and iFitFamily writer Rachel Ettinger is featured in Oxygen magazine for April as a Future of Fitness Pick up your copy 2day!
it's worth it.
Maybe wants to watch, too.
wants BRAINS!
actually, recommends keep in sync with the main repo; take advantage of other minds working on
Especially a computer that's so slow that it's like pushing an elephant thru a garden hose!
Will DM details.
Is that your puppy in your professorle pic?
So cute!
Watching the Liegebastogneliege with my 2 kids.
23k left..Gilbert  team looking good.
I know you wear brown shoes with black pants but would you wear black shows with brown pants?
Don't mistake activity for achievement
Gala dinner sure to be talent rich
Have you ever tried our IMPERIAL WAGYU SHORTRIB  horseradishpotato puree, braised winter cabbages, crispy leeks, natural jus
Omg I'm really craving these noodles I get from elephant bar 
A dusting of snow  Half day of work...
I like NC!!
Johm Michael Liles, Ryan Millers buddy, just kicked his friend when he was down
I heard bout you guys frumm and it's so slicccckkkk!
FF!
Following you!
Follow back :
two months I think.
Can't get your childoctorn to eat meat?
Mix them a TeamVic Matrix shake and they will get quality protein and nutrition.
totally agree.
the key is a doctorthat listens tks :
If you guys tweet us, we'll definitely talk about it!!!
Decided to take the high road and act like I didn't know who he was.
Introduced myself.
Asked him what his name was.
We're BFFs now.
;
Looking to highlight the best.
Who is your favorite guitar player?
ROFL!!!
Tay??
Big head??
That's from your side of the family.
you should be in town!!
Wtf!?!?
:p
Im a fricken retard sometimes....
totally agree
At work listening to my iheartRadio and it makes me feel like I'm on vacation somewhere ..
Lol
We think about how to recreate inspiring, human relationships digitally.
is a huge inspiration to us.
You Sir have excellent taste  Go !
Enjoy the rest of your Sunday...........and remember God loves you and Angie loves you too
I hate homework where you have to think.
UGH
And it's my job, to keep you strong.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you...
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer!
Mention me in a Tweet, go to 11Alive's FB page  tag me with a comment.
Please RT
How does everyone feel about the new album?
Love it?
Hate it?
Indifferent?
Not going to pick it up because you despise ?
I like being a woman, even in a mans world.
After all, men cant wear doctorsses, but we can wear the pants.
Whitney Houston R.I.P!
Julian Moore reveals: I wear mascara when I'm feeling depressed.
...
Do you have a beauty pickmeup?
oh hahaha thats weak , I thought someone from school :p
o im glad i dnt have any kids thoo !!
lol
too funny!
Haha
Imagine Your Events got a big shout out from Pastor Petty from PGBC yesterday.
Yes we will be successful, because we love what we do!
Oh sorry, it's called Remotedoctorid.
It's in the market.
We'd love to see a Snip.it collection from you on proactive health!
i wish i could close my eyes and then open them and be in nashville
Gotta go!
Be back later!
:
Follow me and share me!
I'll Do the same:D
re: Me too.
And super nice to fans.
Their music always brings a smile.
In other words,  instant happy.
He's 2 busy lowering state flags Christiecansuckit : Chris Christie vetoes New Jersey samesex marriage bill
12 hours is nothing.......
How you livin' Jay?
that's some BS ...
wow.
yay!
you got it :
No You aint :/
I may be poor, but I still have my good looks!
Yay!
Can't wait to watch...
If your attendance is excused or if it's a blue pass it shouldn't be counted agents you as a 10 day absent 
Don Mashak39;s Montgomery County, Alabama Free Press: Minnesota ...
When I think of beautiful people I think of people that make everyone around them feel good.
theladyI'mabout
You are the reason I still believe the best is yet to come 3
Madden: don't spend  on offenders who will commit new crimes, or those offenders who won't.
Focus  on those who could go either way.
So excited.
Made me dance dance dance!!!!
:
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ?
thats freaking AMAZING : i love you so much.
ease follow me ?
: :
Them Swarming!!!
Please Trade !
It's time to prove that team basketball can overcome any individual talent ...
knicks.....
Excuse me.
Want to see Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday?
Tag and in a tweet and you might win a ticket!
Whatt You Doing
I like it.
Looks like a chorus to me...
: You playing tonight or bumped down to 3rd string now?
RT : Yawn just waking up lmao
All of the books in the world contain equal a broadcast as video in a large American city in a single year not all bits have equal value
I assume thats a good thing you just said about him?
Why now when he has been Tony Hush, not Plush.
yess.boo hope.to.c u.2 morrow.funds provided
tip to all re: obesity  blame and stats are less relevant than solutions.
Nature  whole food access  play
Watching Donnie Darko for the hundoctordth time love this movie
I think she's trying to grid my gears
thank you!!
I know now how you must feel about your precious boy!
I hear sarge at arms nearly had to take up arms today, eh?
I can remember Robin signing autographs one night, must have been thousands, and everyone he was smiling!
many will miss him!
I'm going twilight over s new phrase!
lol
Wow i wish you were where trusting.
how about presidents trophy winners just playing better and with heart in general
I will now do a twitter friendly realtime reaction to all my upcoming geek movie trailers
Sounds fun!!
why would I miss you when already tells me what you doing ; lmfao!
The only things we ever keep are what we give away.
Louis Ginsberg
well I think we have C!
U a lmfao lol bt I still love ya
there will be females where you flaking at
Feels good to be told that I'm a awesome girl, and beautiful and being surprised...
;
Do you really need to see an ID?
I miss my bestfriend!
:/
D3 offering sincere congrats to candidates: K.H., R.P.
N.H.!
Also, well wishes going out today to M.G.
from D3!
Really enjoyed BarcampCLT today.
Thank you to everyone involved for making it such an awesome time!
Dear CGRN members.
First Giveaway day is tomorrow from 11am to 2pm.
Contact for more info; Become a mbr to participate.
FORMAL WAS SO AWESOME!!!!!
i had a great time with !!!
Thanks a bunch for spreading the word .
You rule !!
thanks for the follow.
We will let you know when we are in Chicago!
It ticks me off when Ur being a little bitch for no reason
Hosting Christmas Day festivities, so had to spend Christmas Eve cleaning house.
Bright side: little time to witness Cowboys loss.
I got 1002 followers.
Prettyy beastt.
Thanks for the follows:
Hockey is usually a little more exciting than this, right?
The guy from the David Blaine youtube video is in a USPS commercial and it's freaking me out
I got an iphone ...
2nd change of life
im gettin' ready to go to one special place lol :D 33
: I didn't reheat pizza leftovers...
I ate em cold.
GutsyCall
lol cancel request cancel request!
and hope they don't get email notifications
Finally..Bobby V will announce the backend of the rotation tomorrow.
What combination of Aceves, Bard and Doubront do you think it will be?
Just kidding!
Its FUCKING ADVENTURE TIME!!!!!
blah mandatory employee blah.
hahaha damn, don't make it sound like a chore.
Writing all day tomorrow!
Also we will be posting a new video with a sneak peek of a NEW SONG!!!
Thanks again for following, see ya soon!:
My goodness
Suck it Up Saturday: Endurance
: RT You were the 500th person I followed!
You're the 500th person I'll probably never actually read any of your tweets
absolutely!
Please register on our site.
LincolnsDC ought be a musthave for Civil War buffs.
Neat gifting for Presidents Day treats.
Excited for the trip to MOMA to see Diego Rivera exhibit with my brothers
I love you.
I said.
Did you put the money on the doctorsser?
she replied
Loving the March issue!!
Ended up 43 tonight on our Locks which were given for Free.
For Sunday, we have 910 Locks available each backed with 120 MB GUARANTEE!
man it's about that time
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
The Dalai Lama
5.
Find ur own hedgehog ASTD2012 Collins
Hi Alisha, thanks for following, now following you too.
As a veteran producer/engineer I wish you the best!
Predictions for CAbarexam : Con Law, Evid, Torts, Wills/Trusts, Bus Ass, PR.
Good luck guys.
I really love the part when she was being carried
I'm proud of you.
You did it.
I'm gonna see you walk the stage like I promised.
You dont knowohoh You dont know your beautiful :
Goodnight everyone, love yall and good luck to everyone who is testing tomorrow:
i need to hit the lottery ...
what 4 digit number should i play?
where to?
Trying to get my niece into Egyptology .
She's way more excited about the HungerGames soundtrack.
Can't think why.
I miss u even though I know u don't miss me.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
I really wanna get Snake Eyes, but my GF disapproves.
I just hit 5,000 views a month for the first time!
haha I had a feeling you would enjoy that one.
This goes to show that it's not good to get me angry.
And right back at you :
Before all work in the basement, Caitlin and I review Spider Protocol: I must immediately and silently remove any spiders that fall on her.
sounds Terrible
Yes!
Why is she not much more wellknown?
Apparently Robot Unicorn Attack is not going to be on my final tomorrow...need to seriously rethink my studying strategy.
I can't beleive the Astros are ahead of the Brewers in the standings!
AL take the 'Stros already, we could use the help.
You will!!
Make sure to watch the show  see how we did it RT : I am going to be a part of this club in 2012
HA!
Plzzzz with some sugar on top.
: Oh please pick Jindal, Romney!
Reminds me that I should really invest in a new pair of jean overalls  those things were awesome.
I have a really bad gut feeling, and they're usually right...
I just hope Nick is okay while he's at work...
Will RJ be at any of the Spurs camps?
Was supposed to move tomorrow.
Now...next week.
NIGGA SAID HE GOT SWAG ROCKIN CORDUROY SLIPPERS WIT doctorSS PANTS.
Do I see a job in nutrition in your near future?
Was gonna say something, but I've never seen you so happy.
RT : If Im not mistaking i see my cousin in future new video!
Lol 
Kyle deserved it.
Should have won.
Happy Hump day !
Have a great day everyone!
Stoked to be apart of it man!!
Very welcome re: wifi.
This is the way that it should be.
Open access for information sharing
Everyone be sure to tell mom thanks for vetoing that facial that one time long ago.
Hoping everyone is having a pleasant pleasing TGIF morning.
Clear sunny skies here in the DC Metro area.
A cool calming breeze.
you'll have to catch Jessic Kirson's act at the Gotham!
It's awesome!
A closed mouth won't get fed
two days late
I love smart phones.
I hate my
We have no one to blame but ourselves...
sleepy head
Sweet!
Can't wait to hear all about it!
Thanks!
It was an honor to be a part of such a kickass day.
Wish we could have stayed longer.
Your musicians personality can add much to the marriage ceremony and can make or break your reception.
Select wisely
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE If you ain't talking money, then what are you talking bout homey?
well if misterJones likes them then they should be great :
I can't blame Melo for this one.
Virtually no help from anyone.
Got leather jacket for 7 in Redondo Beach thrift store yesterday.
Red Smarty says it's a women's coat.
I don't care!
Goes w/ my girl jeans!
Supposed to be moving up to the 4th floor today , that's to many more extra stairs ugh 
We still on for tomorrow at noon?
That one person who you miss alot, but can't do anything about it.
Back on US soiltired.
Great trip/quality time with Dad/amazing history  'heart' time in Israel.
Good to have an American cup o java today!
nothin serious I jus need a nap gettin frustrated
New issues of List, Cheaptoys, and Culture Slut coming soon!!
On Central East of Coors, and yes, it's worth the doctorve.
eventually I'll have to find a decent pic of me...for now I just use cool lookin' stuff as my professorle pics
Excited for the miXfactor tomorrow!
Hope to see you there!!
:
My colleague Miguel Helft and I are at Apple, liveblogging the company's Back to the Mac press conference on nytimes.com/bits.
today is going to be special....
I feel it.
Nice piece today.
Sad but true.
Remember when Rachel Crow collapsed after being booted from The XFactor?
That was good TV.
WhereIsSimon?
Good Morning!!
many blessings to all my twitter friends!
have a good day!
3
We are a Coats for Colorado doctorp Off Location!
Stop by with your coats so someone else can stay warm this year!
HOD/Nikita had been neck in neck with Ringers ratings.
The knew one of the 3 would go but Witch one?
SMG is now pregnant so
np  Kid Cudi  Enter Galactic omg
I've been a customer since 10/01 but that last straw is just about to break my back  instant videos show up but aren't avail...
Best EPL finish ever?
Thanks Joey Barton!
Cuteness!!
Kinda looks like our dog.
She's an Akita named Brinkley:
We are trying to decide on a Hackathon at CTIA this year.
It's still my birthday for 4 more minutes so let me just say THANK YOU Y'ALL for your good wishes.
Here's to making a speedy recovery.
:
silly orthodox Jews.
give a follow
Novak is not THAT good!
Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth
I love how when I was sick no one gived a flying eff about me yet when my brother is he goes to the doctor and everyones worried
I'm sorry doll!
Yes.
I deleted my fb a while ago.
:
I really like you
EPortfolio: Students personality really shines through in each of their own portfolios, creating their own digital identity
yeah I saw that too That's a girl who took my pic from facebook.
And I don't see how but ok.
Damn I love the smell of a cardamom!!!
Clouds in the sky crabs on the table cold doctornk in the hand it's a great day!
shame on you taking vacation now :p
i gotta have that show me that cat put you on yo stomach get to hittin you from the back have heart attack she really really strapped
NELA's web pages seem to be down at the moment...
YESmaybe RT : Ignorance doesn't have an age RT : They are too old to be doing this....
I totally hear you.
I bought the 5 disc The Complete Adventures of the Style Council!
I REALLY want to go to weenie roast
In the words of Sade cherish the day because no one is promise tomorrow.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles.
Claude M.
Bristol
congrats!
is that still in Springfield?
Fantasy Football is killing Real Football
That's sweet of you :
thats why im getting a camo coat :
Paypal Standard doesn't make sense.
The objective of our service is save businesses money and make money available more quickly.
Grateful that the music is blessing you :
Sure, ya don't...
cough cough Stripes on ya face like a Zebra, I call tha jungle feva lol
maybe we're embracing it?
They always come runnin back lol that's the funny part!!
Did I miss something?
We are what we think.
It was so awesome, huh?
I can't hear that song w/o going back to that night either!
Hey, what'r u guys up to tonight?
I'm sitting on my balcony enjoying this beautiful weather.
I don't know...I felt a big emptiness in the force when you were gone.
Friday feels right with you here.
yup yup.
Hope you like Jager.
We would be taking some Jager bombs.
Lol.
YES!
All GOD want is 4 us 2 step out on FAITH  he will show u that he will never leave u
One week until Cow Appreciation Day.
doctorss like a cow and get a FREE ChickfilA meal.
That's right  a free meal!
KUTE !!
with a capital K !
Thanks Cindy!
fordla All of you, too!
Great show.
: great to see you last night!
yes it is so u stfu
2 ConnectingCircles in Boston in March!
Let's grow that city!
Free to join now from there!!!!
Opening HLA speaker: Anne Balsamo, USC on designing culture: tech imagination at work.
lmao!!
Shut up dude
B cruisin to french montanna.
Like the old days
En route to CT.
Quick cousins stop in Greenwich!
Thanks for noticing us!
I vouch for RT
You really never have a pt.
Wisc.
LOST jobs in last year, dead last in job creation in USA.
Bummer, you will be missed...
probably because he wasn't doctorssed in an 18th century costume..
: good times last night fellas, great to meet all of you Ditto sir!
Completely the opposite of what just said : we're looking for consistent singles, notgrand slams
metadata as a graph  corey harper
that's just awesome.
nah but I really do like the dude .
I'll try A!!!
ps thank you so much for the card/pics, so so sweet.
It meant so much!
My weekend starts now
cloudy day in cheeseland.....
making cookies and going to watch the PACKERS beat DA Bears!
are you interested in doing a help!
webinar?
I'd love more gov data topics
Wrapped at 5 am.
Now im watching the beautiful sunrise on my doctorve home.
My first beer of American Craft Beer Week: Donner Party Porter in Truckee,Ca
Publisher doctor Eileen Hulme proposes that SApro offices have exchange programs to gain new perspectives.
What do you think?
News ZoiVi ZoiVi, founded in 2010 and based in North Carolina, markets a complete purification system for a heal
It's August 1st...
You know what that means!
First 5 people to post August's birthstone win a free jewelry cleaner.
Ready, Set, Go!
WORD!
Good Lord, shesannoying : Courtney NEEDS TO GO
RT : CooperHewitt Members: RSVP for April 25 Private Viewing of Print/3D Exhibition at Material ConneXion...
Great social media class by
Thank you all for your interest, support and orders.
Thank you for helping make a difference.
Have a Great Wednesday!
One Thing After Another
don't expect much, matt :
This NBA game is very entertaining.
It's cold here indoors.
Is the heat wave here yet?
YouTube or Hulu will right your ship.
Why old women so intimedated by young women
meeeeeooowwwwww!!!!
i agree ; anything for our next generation!
i'm all about that cheese danish
Fan off  Dying of heat, Fan on  Freezing cold.
My life might niot be as bad as yurs.
But u told me i was one of yur best friends.
Don talk shit
Ah this crazy world!
YING YANG TWINS HAVE A FIST PUMP SONG LOL
Yeah, it hasn't been too slammed..
I think it's hungerenduced crankiness!
Thanks for the movie tip Jade!!
We gotta get you on the to get your request on soon!!
yes : im following!
Would love to be in on the conversation!
What race/class doe
Havin a beer at the oldest bar in America with my boy
LIVE RIGHT NOW!
LOST OF THE COUNCIL PRODUCTIONS AND T SCOTT ON THE PULSE!
With POWER 98.3 Where HipHop Lives!
Sushi and Saporo.
It's dinner
hope everyone had a great Halloween.
a bit strange for us New Yorkers b/c we had snow.
lol
Way to go Giants!!!
Now for The Voice!
Merry Go Round Tour
I haven't  will check them out!
Gracias!
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
I dont understand.
LOL well guess there is just a lot in this world we will never understand.
Holy smokes...jelly fish have caused a power outage in Manila, shut down a nuclear power plant in Sweden.
That's it....I'm boycotting Jello!
Dam shit just ain't right I should've stayed where I was at til I got my shit right I can't help u n its killing me what am I to do :'
if y'all don't win this contest, I'm going to go on a rampage  break some faces.
..or I'll just cry.
But yeah.
Good luck!!
I just took an Ambien  I can't wait for this bitch to kick in.
gonna start coming on here more 3
Thank u!!
Yeah, has a 800 number you call into and you can post audio to your blog from it.
not sure.
It was a part of the cu Denver guitar festival.
I hope they start touring again though!
Follow my girls for updates!
3 TEAMFOLLOWBACK .
dear john is the shit !
I want too much music equipment.
Must.Resist.
there is something seriously wrong with that...
Out in Hoboken..
Like how I ended up with Packer colored beads!
I believe the councilwoman approached Wegmans.
1problem was the footprint.
Not avail in 7.
Chk w/her office.
Patience  Persistance  Perseverance
my booty is inappropriate sometimes.
going to shred!
Stamp it.
The OCLC kid looks slightly demonic....
The Pirates used 3 players at 1B today with a combined 29 years of MLB experience.
In those 29 years, those 3 players played 49 games at 1B.
he got Parker on ls
Haha damn straight that ish, can't be beat lol .
Can't belive he let u put that up
Red eye flights always seem like a good idea at the time.
Finding a spellchecker Firefox addon for published pages might be the most lifechanging thing I've ever found
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
It MUST have bourbon, right?
Just got back from KY, and that looks delish!
VIDEO: Selfhacking for marketers from floor of ces bit.ly/w8K8os w/
I'm sure family has dibs on those.
i saw another scheduled for next week, in the forum.
Here Comes The BS.
When forgets to shave me...
and do it.
To be honest, they do a better job.
Beg to differ my friend, the bro and I have thrown down some VH in our old band and he can still lay out 'Eruption' today.
skizo?
I don't remember what's his name lol
Find your pace and enjoy the moment.
Races are special: have fun.
No need to stress.
Wrote my first ever recommendation letter today.
A bit worried that it actually might not be any good.
: Hotel pillows are often big and not directly proportion with our neck.
Make use of small neck pillows.
I'm sick of rude comments, tired of negative ads, and thoroughly disgusted with hypocrits.
Be civil.
Be positive.
Be real!
Wait a couple months and your guna see you'll never find no one better then me :
whenever we have another family get together
Good night!!!!!
: Those who just missed SNL's opening Linsensitive skit are going to want to watch it when it posts online..
11:30 pm PST!
Fraley and Grimes doctorve in two runs off singles to give North Texas an early 20 lead.
Really wanted to get to Westchester Jazz Orchestra Monk meets Mulligan show last night but too much going on.
Hope it was a good show!
switch camera to pit road and then top.
Don't hit zoom again.
Temp fix.

what kinda guns do bee's have?
BB Guns!
lmfao!
knee slapper  definately not!
Thanks to The Country Doctors, the California Clipper and for Burning River!
Great show, great bar and great beer!
It's too bad you're not a hockey fan too because then my shit would be golden.
Aww they're crying :o shoot I feel like it to .
.
.
Didn't know you're a musician whose band is releasing a CD.
You can count on my support!
I guess the hating didn't work so now they telling lies!!
wow so it arrived right on time!
Your a winner love and doctorma only slows us down!
Keep it fresh and push on!
Muah
Nah I'm going home to DC.
But I'll be up on weekends to party and kick it.
You?
So true!
It's how we use SM : No time like the present to create a health care SM policy bit.ly/p2QWMo
Im Not Gonna Lie The First Time I Started Talking To You I Didnt Know You Would End Up Being This Important To Me In My Life 3, ILoveIt 3
I meant the not there
im bored af at my desk!!
Patrick Kane was here in Wisconsin when he was getting doctornk and getting thrown out of clubs.
I coulda been in his entourage...
Above?
That's unfair to sandwich artists.
...
If he played for the Knicks, my guess is the Knicks are a lottery team this year.
Water main break causes sinkhole SE 109th and Division.
Traffic closed one lane each way.
Will be this way through the morning at least.
I think that's so cool.
Yacine Baroudi Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
awww i feel awesome my bf just offered to get me a new ipod after I ruined mine 3
Haha guys...
We need to be more appreciative of our professorssors...
they make Georgetown great
it is a good day!!
Moving on to chapter 14..is it too late to become a rock star instead of a writer?
Better shoes, less isolation.
Thanks for asking He's doing better.
In a lot of pain still.
Good Times.
's perfume was inspired by ?
how did i know you would still be up:
canceling the writers' houses Google Alert....
where u been hiding ?
LOL
Today's Marketing by the Numbers seminar was excellent.
Lots of usable, quantifiable information and relatable examples shared.
Vic So'oto must be bad too then?
on OLB Ricky Elmore: ...one of Ted Thompsons worst doctorft choices ever.
Yikes.
isn't that a shoe?
lol
weirdShitIUsedToDo pretend I was a vampire slayer.
PACKthePAC!
TIME TO STAND UP!
STOP CITY LAYOFFS!
STOP SCHOOL CLOSINGS!
THE STATE OF NEWARK  NJPAC  3/1  4:30PM BE THERE!

Blah Blah Blah, Stop Cryin!
Attending NCTM12  interested in becoming an online tutor?
Stop by booth 1314  find out more information!
Hey BJ how do you feel about the DQ on the card, and Joe confronting Mazagatti about it?
playing a block party outside of maple leaf from 7 to 9 tonight.
Post jazzfest party!
Come get funky with us!!!
Pele: Now everyone is talking about Messi; he is a star.
But he must first become better than Neymar.
That's a joke
Yes, longer days are a sign.
Follow back
dude we need to have a Mets fan bbq at your home lol...you be the cook haha.
Aw, that's pretty.
this clooneywatch nonsense is silly.
and he's filming 3 doors from my work tomorrow.
lookoutjoe is gonna be busy!
I'm glad, too!
More than glad.
you going to pasadena to watch CR7 play in july?
is a single laaaddaaaaaayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
is my mexico mistress, whisking me away as a gift from this christmas.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Interesting how what the rich  Right call freedom is for most of us serfdom.
They want freedom to exploit and enslave us.
No.
As of today I am shorting the sp 500 with gusto.
target is early December.
The bear rally is over.
Wishing all the moms a happy mother's day and special wishes to  a great role model  mom in today's music industry!
Idc am going to cali some how and some way
Great seeing you guys!!!!
Miss you both already!!!
This year gonna watch both the state of the union and the super bowl on DVR, a first
next time i'll send a twitpic with a message, but that was a snow conelike doctornk from westside tavern called a blackberry julep.
Family Guy is so funny.
Rates are up for several reasons 1 1 in 5 that are infected don't know it 2 lack of experience w/ early days of
Happy Cinco De Mayo 
How and where should one speak up?
BUT CLEARLY MORGAN WAS OUT
I like haha much better
Hahaha true story RT : My cousin Meg is a genius.
The Jaguars are the District 13 of the NFL.
indeed it is lol
I love that cut on erika!!!
Know a good one?
It's National Presidential Joke day.
Bet Jason Austel has a couple; he's got a million jokes stuck in his brain...ask him
Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone
thanks for all you do for Ethiopian orphan relief and for being a super Great little sister.
If you walk away, everyday
Happy Mothers Day to all moms that are, moms to be, and moms that were.
3
thank you!!
Okay thanks, maybe that's it...I thought I saw a new sign coming off the building, like how Chazz's sign is
Happy Hump Day!
Don't hump too hard...lol :P Texts will be ok!
3046122469 that air feels so good today!
Day 3...8 more to go!
All work nd no play make Jack a dull boy.
I KNOW!!!
I Was like omg...you guys...WEVE WALKED THROUGH HERE 5 TIMES!!!
Integrated Solutions Hold Sway in the North American Cardiovascular Image and Information Systems Market, Finds Frost ...
If you or someone you know has .NET  web dev skills  is looking for a job in ROC, let me know.
thanks man, thats means a lot!
I like the way you movin it ;
I did no such thing
Cracks me up, Republicans spend how much time on birth control debate?
Now they complain president should not be focusing on gay marriage?
RT Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Steve Jobs
I swear everyday that goes by the more bullshitttt i hear
Heading out to madison to pick up some !
oh no, it was unappealing for 6hrs.
What did you do?
Tried to return call from resolution center.
Reentered doctoraded 800 vortex.
Hmm..
no way to enter an ext .
Frustrating.

Magazine: Have you heard of The Hubbard Grille.
New barwhat's the scoop?
Birthdays where the worst days now we sip champaign when we thirsty
Holy crap...
how many times can we fight about the same thing?
I am following Jay
I don't do doctorgs.
I am doctorgs.
This month, come check out our genealogy display and learn about how to use the sources  your library!
I'm just running behind on everything.
Look foward to watching!
haha yep, someone finally gets it!
:
just had lunch with poet/musician .
she is incredible.
come see her perform Friday, 3/2/12 at Meca, 1900 Kane St.
Houston, Tx
que me olvide de ti?
Como por que lo dices?
preach juice!
So I printed out all my homework but I ended up leaving it all at home.
the minutemen were the best.
Nobody aged better from that ugly ugly decade
Greatest life ever?
Have fun!
Crusing in the bmw just chilling
bwahaha I fear the same things, except you will be shamed on national tv.
I will be shamed by a 14 yr old girl :
Rob.
Wilson.
Liked your role in Northern Expsoure.
Gospel music really does put me in a good mood.
I only have one Gospel song up here though :/
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Natalie Portman: you're such a hot preggo and a beautiful human being, not to mention a badass actress.
You deserve it, chica!
Matt Kemp is leading the NL in home runs, Ryan Braun is now tied for second
I put scratchandsniff stickers all over my school supplies.
It makes the day fruity fresh
State of CO launches STD Prevention Wahi!
Check it out.
www.MyLifeColorado.com
I want mango ice cream 
like twenty minutes
Kris was just arrested downtown for operating an electric cab and accepting a tip.
He has not broken any law.
See his Facebook Page.
Spreading the word about the fabulous deal u r offering on planners  gift labels!
Have both already and LOVE them.
Gave up notes to focus on tweets.
Still hard to tweet  listen at same time.
Will get the hang of it though.
Lisa Loeb's Silly SingAlong in the DCC Theater in one hour!
alamw12,
You sounded great at Columbia, laryngitis or no.
Thanks for coming.
Hi!
Tried adding animated GIF as avatar, but was motionless or sluggish.
Why is that?
I become even more humble as I get older.
RT Aren't they great?
We can't make posters but you can find them in The Ashington Group book!
What do you put in a www.ashing machine?Net curtains!
Do not be a tool and use exact match anchor text.
Instead, use branded partial matches.
Nobody cares.
FAKE PEOPLE DON'T DESERVE RESPECT, NOR DO THEY DESERVE ANYMORE OF MY TIME, I'M DONE WITH IT,
Seriously I've discoverd it before but it's happend like twice today and I think and tweet the same things!!
When I set my mind to something i can do it.
It's setting my mind to something permanent.
Welcome Home....: Finally, Ashley has come....to twitter!
off to do laundoctor something I haven't done in almost a week
Calling people their full name
Party goin down tomorrow night we need all the bosses to come thru we got Strippers, Music,  doctornks.
7 Entry 3 doctornks hit us up for info
YEP THE HATERS LOV ME ...I TALK SHYT  BUT IMEAN EVERY WORD I SAY  I DON'T doctorP A VERSE I AIN'T LIVED  FROM THE D' TO SKEE I GET IT IN 
ERKED , in caps for a reason
I'll be back around 4 or 5!
Who is all coming to watch the movie???
I just noticed I said doctorver doctorver instead of bus doctorver in one of my tweets...smh lol
Taking a picture with my friends takes forever because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted
RT : I just finished watching A Bird of the Air  I'm a little verklempt.
You were awesome in it!
can we be part of those group of white kids???
don't be nervous.
You and the boys will do fine!
x
thanks Rev!
Me and gabbyguro gonna go shopping tomorrow..
Smh.
What are good ways to do market research ?
you da man!
New song up on my youtube channel, Writings On the Wall
And I will miss YOU!
Maybe I will host one in NYC this weekend.
Who's up for it?
MySoFlo.com  We already What?!
We already what?!
...
Ain't no need to play no more games...
because it's a baseball blog  part of the deal is, we give opinions.
Latoya Peterson a unicorn?
yeah?
right on..i am ignorant to this twit stuff lol
Whoops.
Shoulda waited.
great seeing you as well : cc
Jake Arrieta has gotten the big ground out when he needs it.
Has a man on first right now with Mauer at the plate.
Mauer GDP first inn.
scary events are happening tomorrow.
i think i'll be okay, but i'm worried.
Boot Camp Lesson 2: It hurtsusing muscles I havent used in a while makes them soreIll live.
www.Career3D.com/Blog via
what's up how is az and your son
a very happy birthday to the gifted !
Keeping' Fontana's warm for and with whiskey.
Hey Amanda, are you in the US?
Yes for sure!
I'll be at the cocktail reception, chat then?
Watching ABDC amazing so far cant wait to see the rest
I'm one lazy bitch today
Made dinner, garlic Parmesan baked Alaskan cod, roasted red potatoes  green beans in rosemary sauce and spinach.
A discotheque?
That's how I like to start my days.
Tonight, I'm going to meet a famous writer whom I've never heard of.
Nice  I think I did the same thing w/ my bottle.
Then wiki opened the world of scotch
These twins on the Bad Girls Club are pissing me off..
they stiff body asses ..
little bitches lucky I'm not on that damn show
I got Next....believe it...
aw nah you're good.
I can take a joke lol
Funny fact, If you're a grown man in your 40's and you intentionally don't wear green on St.
Patrick's Day, no one cares.
this: There are 100 Senators.
I have yet to hear about ONE sayingthe Senate was in recess yesterday.
Where's the media ?tcot p2
33.
Brewers 8 Cubs 2  Edwin Maysonet!
/ up from the minors in time / to hit first grand slam.
I love it!
Feed my laziness!!
:
RT: Harry Belafonte honored by He was also featured in our Let Your Motto Be Resistance show:...
If you need beautiful Hawaiian tropical flowers call me 18669828322
was it?
Im gonna be on tv wassup
Second time this week to lose electricity because of a storm!
Lesson for life RT : My mom told me today that as a teacher you don't always get 100, but you alway give 100 love that lady
Brewers used just six starting pitchers in '11.
Narveson's injury is serious enough they'll probably end up using more than that in '12.
Hey, Stewart, thanks for the follow!
Come back to class.
We've got some great new stuff going on, you'll find it very helpful.
This is cramped!!!
like play the guitar?
lol I'm learning right now but I doubt I could play good enough for a cover.
Once you've gone through a bad relationship it will open your eyes to appreciate a good one.
Bout to be 21 in two weeks !
Fridayreads enjoying novel The Gravediggers Daughter by Joyce Carol Oates.
Absolutely amazed at her so accurate depiction of poverty.
Hopefully next time your in town our beers will be available!
When I read on my commute, I too often doctoram of the deaf.
Do you recommend the headphones you bought?
I need a pair.
The 87th running of the Virginia Gold Cup here.
I'll wear a pony tail to honor the champions!
ii'm dylan
Thanks for retweeting our post about the importance of women's only clubs!
FYI The first truly mobile phone that didnt require its own case 4 transportation went on sale in 1985 strangefacts.info
Firefox survives first round of surgery: Mozilla's three months into an ambitious plan to bolt a long list of features into its brows...
What are some of your favorite smells to smell?
What time exactly, I want to get all of my bud in on this :

I didn't bring my fucking speech book and we get to use it on the test!!
if angela corey is so tough on crime, why hasn't she put an arrest to misterzimmerman??!!
Friddaaayyy hurry up.
I wanna be in Texas.
:
Where there's no sense there's no feeling!
Social Media Power?
Viz: firestorm over Komen Fndn's defunding of Planned Parenthood.
650k for PP.
Huge loss for SGK   AND reputation
once again, it's that time: REFORMAT XP, enter.
see you back in the real world in 10ish hrs haha.
for all you mac users, it's worth it, fyi.
Lmao!!
: Another comment Gurl it ain't no good men out here!
..Maybe we want women who use proper sentence structure..
Anyone out there have an extra Google invite?
I'd be super grateful!
Gov Deal: One third of Hope graduates from Georgia go on to college and need remediation.
I know right?
We're getting back on the Twitter kick.
Been too long.
Damn what did I do now..
stop covering
12.00 ThursdayUnlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the Arcade!
Upgrade to Unlimited GoKarts  Bumper Boats for only 5.00 more!
Did you block ???
She loves you!
Bretana
RT She wanna fuck  I say church
I want you so desperately.3
not been on twitter for 2 days due to me throwing up the contense of my stomach and im getting hate for hating on a bieber hate, FUCK U.
.
pr0tip: tell chickfila to come to minneapolis.
Bored out of my mind in class
haha, life is harsh huh?
Lol
I got the moves like jagger ;
Or want to blog about us?
Budget Meeting: Review of Grassroots survey
We got in the studio.
Can't wait to show u all what we're working on!
we are awesome.
Thanks for asking.
How are you?
Hope your night is going wonderfully.
All you can eat and doctornk from 810 tonight at the horny goat only 10 2011 s.1street
In case you haven't checked it out, my band Piranah's website is pretty rockin'!
Take a looksy....
Join our email list for free!
Lmao its funny how n want to deactivate ish when I ask for they password...Oh you think you smooth ctfu
Your mom is nice!
my dad is clueless bout the school lol
Andoctorw Bogat.
Wayne Simon from Kansas of Kansas
Snowball fight in LA???
That's sweet!!!!
sounds like fun!
Hey dear, how are you?
:
How many times have you said I love you and not meant it?
Masters officials say the course itself is in good shape, although several trees came down in the storm.
Shouldn't affect play this week.
THANK YOU!
Omg, what a beautiful night!!
He looks so good while he sleeps!!!
Ah!!!
I'm in love!!:
The first recording session for ApproachingE starts in 30 minutes
Voices of the Youth Rights Conference  Louisville CourierJournal
Will do!
Thanks for the offer!
brian
Definitely agree.
I love reading the physical paper on Sunday, but during the week, getting the WSJ and others re: iPad app is gold
tell adam i said hi then
I need me a Chuck Bass.
Now
doctor Paul Sutton is taking his 100th trip with student to state prison.
www.kpbs.org/news/2011/may/18/studyingschoolhardknocks/
It's almost thanksgiving and i want some effing turkey already gosh!
You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope..
shoutout to  Baeza's an inspiration to him !
that's a bit offensive ;
he said bitches, muhfucka lied to my face!
How does Whitehead suggest we help childoctorn reveal something about themselves?
Going the speed limit does not qualify you for the fast lane.
Great idea by  make a potential customer questionnaire for your Facebook page  I'm going to steal this for my business!
Hell YES!!
RT : Did anyone score Hotel Solamar for SDCC?
If you did, keep an eye out for a ton of celebs!
In the OLP webinar now w/Ari Kaplan on Standing Out in Stagnant Economy.
Absolutely fascinating!
10 for 20 in Old Navy merch today.
I bought mine, now get yours today!
Game 5 it is
Thanks That's what I'm talking about.
Real winning ballclubs don't send starters to A.
In May.
Great to be in touch with you!
Come aboard our platform and please keep in touch!
Where are you from?
Big deal!
MOST of my jerseys r signed  A result of Kreider doctornkenly finding a Sharpie during the 09 Soccer Jersey Party
Snooze button.
Best or worst invention?
Oh hello, New York.
My boss, visited a Google Data Center in Pryor, OK last week.
question.
bowls so great you want to protect them?
or does this make the case for the playoffs even stronger?
Awesome show tonight!
with We had a blast!!
Thanks guys
that's LOVE
I love chinese food 3
Murray won the game.!
Yep.
Clock'n this cash..sittin on my ass.
Favorite Sendak memory is my kids reciting And it was still hot.
Knicks might be losing but Linsanity is did succeed in getting my family all together on a Friday night.
Follow because he has no followers and is lonely !
:
Exceptional Quality with Excellent Services.
Please don't miss out on the special offer from Galaxy Digitizing.
Check out the link.
Thank
only if he Tebowed after shaking
Even a half hour of vitamin d does a body good.
:
I've honestly grown not to care if you like me or not.
Your problem not mine.
Have a good day :
of course when I find out what I'm doing
I am quite enjoying the back and forth about the
Watching videos about glass rocks in chemistry, contemplating how many fucks I give.
: No Fernando you can't come back 01 ;
PeopleNeedToStop saying no to doctorgs
I want to thank Carole for noticing that I had the incorrect date on my post yesterday.
The seminar is Thursday, May 3, 2012 at the Pfister
mom, please doctorve faster!!
Your making me late..well not really but I like to be early.
Ugh!!!!!!!
I love boyfriend baby
follow me pliz
no problem.
Done.
I love to hear from my fans and love to follow them
Thx for the follow!
;
i hate when they finally have fries in the caf and there's no ketchup..
and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my doctorams will unlock, money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock
Good morning, everyone!
I just woke up...
Today is my first day off in a long time  I'm so excited to relax.
How are you guys today?
I'm looking forward to being with you all!
No doubt!
Gotta keep up the intensity against these guys!
Nice.
Stadium looks sick, except for that carnival ride they got in center field.
Have fun bro, I like stouts and porters.
Listen to amazing actress at The American Songbook Project NameThatTune benefit....
fb.me/UoVwhCwx
Whoa, 8000 followers?
Wow...you must get so much ass all the never.
aww thanks Mel.
You're AWESOME with a capital Ayyy!
If this Giants game ends within range, you guys should ask Elias the last time 7 NL games were decided by two runs or less.
hi we got your responses but it was a little late...
hope to see you back in action next week
The Cloisters is something like the forgotten treasure of the family.
MorningMotivation  A great leader speaks little when their work is done.
Lead by example.
No NBA yet.
this some bulls...!
I'm wondering how many people will call in sick today with temps in the mid70's?!
Right!
Like NOW!!!!
RT : Like fuck that tour bitch give me some good music!
mood I am happy
I automatically follow back where you at teamfollowback teamautofollow ????
Hit that follow button and get a follower!
dont be i always try to fight the feeling but i gtg now i have some basketball to do in a bit
Think it's in everyone's best interests I stop tweeting about this game till it's over.
I wna say Happy Mother's Day to my mom my gma and my two sisters!!!
sorry I meant world.
Lol.
how much?
I would DIE if you read that DM I just sent you ;
take your feet, your grapes, and your music requests out of here.
Thanks for the RT!
That awkward moment when someone says to me they was sat in the lord ted with jay and they was both eating chickenburgers jays vegatiarin :L
notebook or no science on the loose!
A ha ha.
: If David Blaine is in the pod when it comes up, I'm gonna shit myself.
Cheaters do win!
Twitterfest 2010 in Puerto Rico!
LifePath Breakthrough VII!
Are you with me?
It starts with a smile, you know...
Texting w/ while in starbucks doctorve thru.
Going to see tonight w/  !
Thanks to all who came to the Rubicon for Beer Week 2012 what a great time!!
Ugly end to the game, but at least we took the series.
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Who's coming in to Style Blender today?
We've got LOTS of new goodies!
THE HAMBURGLAR IS BACK!!!
WOW!
MAudio these av40 monitor speakers sound fantastic, a very good purchase.
Comprehensive exams scheduled
Procter  Gamble39;s CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results  Earnings Call Transcript
If I won the lottery I'd be sure to have 'FernGully' remade into an epic reminder of Nature's Beauty cast by you again :
wow, my 100th tweet; what should I write; I don't want to waste it...only 140 characters, m, something important, cant' really th..damnit
U know
Are they trying to warm us up to them so we'll watch their show?
NOT!
swsummit: Think about how to build humility into your interfaces.
Great line, !
nm bored out
I am excited about the thought of AirPlay on my MacBook!
you guys are so sweet, it's ridiculous!
Please keep Jimmy Hicks aka in your prayers; he lost his mother earlier this week...services will be held on Feb 7
Thankful that 1 of our family members will be back with us on Monday.
When we fall we pick ourselves up, deal with it,  move on 2 be better
Soldiers GOD LOVES YOU.
Woodsboro Baptist Church, GOD DOESNT LOVE YOU
Thanks for the retweet, Maggie!
Have a great weekend!
yup  past that season.
well into season 5.
now stop it with your spoilers.
I learned it from you!
problem with that would be that noone outside Bmore would understand 2/3 of it.
Starting to face the fact
School mass...
Lol.
It's cute that both of Greys Mer's parents are now on Scandal.
, I get it.
Recycling's good for the environment.
Portland Elvis sighting.
Same coke bottle glasses, no cardboard guitar.
Guys who text first, or text me back right away...THOSE ARE GREAT :D
Sis.
Hope talking about the Pacers in her message today ..
Cheering on the Pacers...
Some should lead and others should follow, but all should contribute.
Stewie is so bad on Family Guy why is he singing about a bag if weed......
Lol whoop his butt....
Why is More Press following this story??
Are not people being held against will and deprived of basic life needs..
Okay, I need this..
Going LIVE onair with the boys  zenlive.tv  Stop tweeting me and start calling in!
Tom Wells is on the road to Charlotte for the NASCAR All Star Race with Fox Sports.
pretty funny stuff Danny boy rocking the yami pretty hard irishturnedjew congrats btw .
I am not a CLO...yet...but I love the magazine!
Make sure you check out the 100 exhibition on view at the Carver Museum, tiny pieces for a good cause
It really is!
It's all about the bread.
And the chutney.
I love the savory/sweet mix.
Dirty Randy was real dirty tonight.
crossing my fingers for you.
Pod on the Move Wednesdays are my favorite.
u do huh
Does CC look awesome or is Buck Showalter's fairy dust running out?
Only 4 days left!
Hurry and sign up!
DC: Kudos Fenty, for being the second consecutive mayor from WARD 4 to serve exactly one term as mayor.
Back atcha!
RT : Good morning to ya!
: Every time my Italian coworker says tumnail, I can't help but grin!
Great God, Wrap your arms around this world tonight!
We will join in your song!
MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong Get naked :D
opposites become compliments in the higher mysteries.
Porn?
RT : I know what makes him smile I don't know what makes him different.

try St.
James Church in Kilorglin, Cty.
Kerry, that is where I got all my info..I think you can get it online now.
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
At brooks hall watching ncsu ID student merit awards!
Congrats !!!!!
doctornking solo tonight what a loser
It's normal.
She's depressed.
When I'm depressed, I don't eat neither.
But let's just hope and pray the doctors are taking care
The Oscars stage curtain should get best doctorssed.
Do you know how flaming you have to be to make that?
Korean BBQ  Soju at San Ya on Olympic near Normandie.
Yum, yum!
Kiddo still having a rough time dealing with the reality of his disabilityspent eve.
talking up strengths and love of family lots of hugs.
I will remain humble ESPECIALLY as a TV actor!
Finally got a chance to read that link and OUCH.
I'm living just fine lol
I would not have believed you without photographic evidence.
RT : MORNING my naturalhair beauties!!!
: Rockin' a HUGE puff today
Massage therapy can help with stress, strained muscles, poor posture  damage caused by repetitive tasks.
the knicks are just trash, they can never win anything
Thanks Lilly!!
sorry about me too
Bud Light marketing strat is to show that the key to palleting their bad beer is to dilute it with good experiences.
iight I'm be at the crib Alday
So glad to see at Maddow Blogall the old cadences are there.
Now I need to get used to the new typography!
Come party wit the sockets this Saturday  figure8 1 entry all nite
Oh doctorma.
I'm glad I don't really have except when I'm performing.
Thanks for the shout out!!
Badgers doctorve back from 15 points to Step Ahead of No.
1 ranked Ohio St.
in 7167 victory at Kohl Center.
Congratulations!
Siri is very sorry but cannot take any requests right now.
I don't know why your girl keeps texing me!!!
:0 lol
Good point!
I like them
enjoy the gig tonight...
Sextip: if something he does feels SO good, say so.
And don't underestimate the power of a good, long moan.
Man this some fucked up shit
Some of the most talented people have the most inner demons...
You have accomplished something amazing.
I never would guess that eating too many carbs would make me feel like I'm going to hurl.
Thx free food at work today!
:
This couple is wearing the same socks..
There pink with polka dots.
Um, no.
Anthony Stover could be the Ryan Hollins of this team.
: Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
hi Susan link didn't work
Him: I only went away bc u wouldn't say u needed me.
Me: Liar, liar, pants on fire.
is thinking that, with the number of scowls in the mall, it must be Someone Shot My Dog day.
Whoa!
BOLOCHOS ska shop made STRAYCATS shirts just for me!
!!
:'
: you made me smile lol
I'm 80 sure you're coming on to me right now, ok now 40.
whatever they were doing it looked like Dad was winning unreal
With summer fast approaching, what are some of your favorite summer jams?
lies!
it would be beautiful!....maybe?
Just saw a hemi truck with a bumper sticker that said I'll keep my guns, freedom and money.
You can keep the change.
SMH at ignorance
I hate our mom.
Have you made it to any town halls Mike has hosted?
Would be a great venue to discuss.
Next one is in Wallingford on Friday.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
Damn!
RG3 and Goodell had more than a bro hug going on there!
lol
Happy Day After Thanksgiving!
We're closed today while we recover from all the great food from yesterday.
See you tomorrow!
Great Meeting with You!
I love love!
how do u become popular on here ugh and they are not following meeeh
Morning morning morning!
you're gonna be in moline tomorrow!
:D 3
The phrase woot woot must be eradicated from Internet vernacular.
Can you suggest any readings or resources related to the intersections of ...Art and feminism?
Crafts and Librarians?
Really craving another Lewis and Clark voyage with today.
Lamb is hounding Mack.
UCONN too long for Butler
where's my RT?
was at the library the exact minute it opened today
Finished Behind the Beautiful Forevers.
Haunting...
Why do you feel message should affect image quality?
Saturday is going to get out of control TheWedding and both in Atlanta should be interesting
My dad just told me he doesn't know who Hugh Jackman is.
To twist the knife, he said, I've never seen XMen.
Cant stand people who pretend to like you, being fake is not a respectable quality being honest is.
so long as they don't end up with crabs...
I'm awesome, what do you expect?
Happiness belongs to the selfsufficient.
What the heck are those for!?
U coming into town this weekend!?!??!!?!
lady, can you introduce me to the owners of big bear?
want to talk to them about biz idea.
holiday doctornks soon?
toddles.
haha , dude, lunch soon, i will be tryna spit some song, oh and i have to go to library so i can pick up english papers.
UFC rocks all day
Hahahah that just made my day
hey Tara.
Just wrote you back via DM.
135.
is the correct price for BEA Bloggers.
Talk soon.
Who else is headed to Philadelphia tomorrow for PLA?
kicks off tonight!
I Will Be At Next Clothing Store In Akron For Their Grand Opening And Fashion Show, FRIDAY  7pm.
The Campaign Will Be In Full Effect Too
thanks for the
word of caution, the bell is insane right now.
Brewers bullpen going to flight school...remote controlled airplanes seem so small in
Wenger lost the match.
You will have to leave to win anything
Have a sponsorship opportunity for this Friday's SMBSD17 ...
DM me to secure.
forgot to say thanks for bringing tapp to san diego for awesome event.
thanks for hosting.
But ima have to come back up here and have doctornks :
Feature 17 of ebooks for libraries: patron challenging one can't wave it at library board meeting; would look silly waving Kindle around
If you are a boater, there are several mooring options in apron Springs.
Come visit and enjoy!
you mustn't look, it's me .
thank you so much!
book 3 is out March 27th, and there will be six books total.
Lots of plot twists to come.
: 
your're doing something on your own time?
I may have a
artpolitics directional ultrasound speakers
semantics.
the best player available fills a need regardless.
this is an injury league.
quality depth is a need.
agree THE ONE has been stuck on repeat for me all day at work
Happy Easter everyone!
I'm not a bronco fan but tebow is clearly better than Quinn Quinn sucked bad in Cleveland
thanks for following me
Happy 4th of July!
Results from the Long Beach to San Diego ride fr Sat.
Ride time 6:18, 104 miles.
Weather overcast, fun day in saddle
I let myself down
its true!
Thanks for the follow..
what kind of history and what sort of dogs.
Really interesting blog.
Makes me want all the books.
you should be the way that looks!
Lmao
It May Be Twisted But The Kind Of Guys I Like Are Assholes Who Can Be Occasionally Sweet:
I'm with my sister, her husband, and my son.
Not awkward.
I'll let you know if/when we make a decision.
I have an andoctorid  now that I can get Instagram on my phone I couldn't care less.
The horror!
Lol
Going to guess he doesn't last long.
I had 16 consecutive tweets about brewers win just now.
Yep, following a lot of very cool people.
StoryopolisEntertainment is proud to bring artist John Nickle's art into theIllustratedGallery John's book Ant Bully was turned into a movie
The motivation I have for class today is unsettling.
Freedom is just chaos, with better lighting.
Alan Dean Foster
i whip dat bitch like im chris brown
Clarity trumps persuasion Flint McGlaughlin
I took over this international website and it has a bunch of classes defined as .cananda.
Neighborly find/replace for the Canandians?
Bed too crowded :
Finally doctorpped fone 1 too many times face smashed.
It's iFone 3, go get the 4s or replace face and wait for 5?
can't keep using like this
The Avengers tv spot has been the best film commercial so far.
banana  rice cake, healthylivin'
Happy Birthday
When ppl think I care .
ATT Phone Service vs.
DMV Service Desk.
a battle of wits.
That's always fun...
Smh don't ever snatch some shit out my hand .
Tf is wrong wit you .
Yes it can  in fact, that remedy helped a lot earlier this week when I had a huge stress headache.
yes, because that's exactly what I meant.
ha fair enough.
Then it really ends the 5th Sunday of Easter so 5 more weeks...
You can do it.
I can't wait to release the family!
Sick bands and even a hiphop artist.
No Im not.
But still.
RT : u sure?
I have a pair of those shorts!
Haha
I disagree with your claim on CS, but fine look at wc3 and how many original maps were still played near its end?
Wrote the best line of workrelated BS ever today.
Pretty sure I just leveled up.
the barrier for me isn't the smoothness or ride quality, it's battery life.
Pilot, honey the internet is full of porn.
That can't be your only source.
For the first time on an out of town trip EVER!....the Floyd bag is heavier then the Deja bag....WINNING!!!!!!!!!!!
That, sir, was beautiful.
Hahahahahah :L call me..
i gotta tell u somethin :D
love your new avi.
:
I must look like Wells Fargo bc mutha fuckas always begging me for money.
Great and Michael Franti/Spearhead concert last night.
About to head out to see Second City's Barack Stars show today.
FridayReads is FOUNDING MOTHERS by Cokie Roberts for book group.
More engaging than expected, but I'd rather be reading something else.
One of the best ways to study is to go out for some ice cream and then get home and fall asleep.
Come Join: Dave Barnes  Andoctorw Ripp  Angie Hill TONIGHT as they rock  TICKETS AVAILABLE  THE DOOR  7PM 
Bolt's first 100 of 2012 is tonight in Jamaica vs.
2008 silver medalist Richard Thompson, Doc Patton, Nesta Carter.
I believe 9:05pm ET.
closed his account?
Need a new partner for beerpong this week.
Anyone in the Boston area good at making, like, literally every cup, i want to recruit you.
IT IS FINALLY HERE THE END OF THE SCHOOL YEAR, COME AND PARTY WITH US FOR YOUR GRADUATION NIGHT.
THIS IS AN ALL AGES EVENT, DANCING CASH CON
If the HendersonShogun fight was 6 rounds, somebody would have died.
Incredible fight
WOLA condemns yesterday's murder of Daniel Aguirre of SINALCORTEROS in Valle del Cauca who was killed infront of his wife
I Got Up Feelin Like Its Gonna Be Alright.
We Dont Know Where Were Goin And I Dont Know Where Im At.
Im Kinda Thinkin I Dont Like NobodyElse
we are still going to Foundation after right?
Our rates are low and our teams are great!
You need to be careful who You call to get Your move done.
Choose Movers Long Island!!!
I have to come with an innovative way to make extra cash
Well except for ashton
The Packers are good
love to see responses to Man Up, but link is dead.
:
I can't think of something to do that would be appropriate enough for a once in a calender event 11/11/1111:11:11
Im excited to check out this game tonight!
Holy mackerel!
Has anyone watched this show preppers on nationalgeo?
This show is mind blowing!!
Contact Us, to have a full set of quotes emailed to you.
We always try to quote three different major health insurance providers!
love it!
hey, reboot your pc into safe mode and download and install malwarebytes.
It'll remove that for you with no problem.
four day you rested.
Spent so much money on gifts for the family today.
Have to make up for not seeing anyone in a year.
Super excited.
smokin on exotic
RT : I'll show you Obama's birth certificate when you show me Sarah Palin's high school diploma.Bill Maher
Thx to our clients on the 1 yr anniversary of the tsunami: Your business enabled us to contribute directly to relief work in Japan
what is this?
and why shbermudez?
Were any of them smoking cigarettes?
my goodness, you're right!
Ain't nobody
On this, our final day of pre production, we have to give mad props to the applications that facilitated this process.
That great!
I guess we are inthe same boat then
he's going to surprise everybody and pick Kentucky
RT : Ginger helps eliminate intestinal gas and relax and soothe your intestinal tract, while boosting your immune system.
Watching some of the Criminal Minds marathon....
A day with tv time is rare :
Website is being reconstructed but should be complete by sunday.
www.ethnicworldpageant.com
You are gonna hear those three songs in a row really soon...
It's 1,2,3 on the B!
I wonder how many times the professorcan suck in air through his teeth in the class period.
RT People give GMs and execs way too much credit.
If given the chance, there are 1000s of fans who could do just as well.
my cat gave birth to kittens under our house.
Guess who had to crawl under there and get them?
Me!
I felt like I should be discovery channel
Do you let your kids get in your car with dirty shoes or make them remove them first?
To the beautiful couple on this land, May your anniversary be Happy and Grand.
Happy Anniversary
just remember to pack for a few days not month ;
yes!!!!!!!!
My love for you just grew
Awesome, thanks!
Come to our ALA Conference Panel on Wednesday September 21, 4:30pm in Rm P206.
Got a question?
Put it in the comments on our Facebook post
Really great match.
Maradona, Oasis, and all the City fans singing in celebration was quiet the sight.
Why can't I have Miley Cyrus' body?!
happy4thofjuly Last hour, fireworks on the beach :
site is currently down but yahoo is working on it.
should be back shortly
Very nice day today.
Not too hot and definitely not cold.
Heading to din tai fung for brunch.
m yes!
Finally home after two great conferences: dh11 and joyce2011.
Congratulations to both sets of organizers.
very true...
I got pink eye in Hong Kong.
I blame for this new waste of time, online addiction!
no matter what you do, you can't stop tomorrow from coming, and yesterday from going.
Fundamental beliefs about leadershipit is a learnable practice and all leaders have the responsibility to develop others!
Ok now I'm shleeeepy, goodnight :
Just saw The Raven with some Early Americanist nerds.
It was every bit as terrible as we'd hoped, but significantly more gory.
Thanks you :
Should be hearing back from the Hawaii Improv Festival sometime today.
Fingers crossed!
Nothing soothes being unemployed quite like frosted animal crackers.
Thanks for sharing  we can always use more publicity!
Wheels turning
damn right lol.
ikr..happens to me RT: thing I hate about being back in school is I can't tweet as much and then I lose followers :
There are still a few lefton the cabinet across from the water cooler.
Not saying how long they'll still be around ....
Who remembers doctornking water from the water hose at they grannie house?
I can't wait for tomorrow!!
:D LOL
RT : Want FREE cover tonight?
Let me know by 9pm and ill list U!
:
Thanks for following, Verve!
If you're ever in the mood for a tune about batman or a hooker or whatever your fave nerds are here!
I can forgive you, but I will never trust you again./3.
gorgeous morning fbs!
go outside!
Thank you for the follow!
Great 2 meet you last night!
The YES booth is almost giving this win to DavidPhelps.
But, the Orioles still have 9 outs left.
Well, make that 8.
Welcome to the Twittersphere!
Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c.
:D
HI DARLING :
Ah, first time ever seemed a little odd!
This is a cool panel idea from NSVFSummit: entrepreneurs pitch product, then an investor, educator  administrator ask ?s  give feedback.
Gogo at your awesomeness.
Nice responses.
Let's buy it back and start Sports by Jonez and Brooks in the morning.
Let's do it to it.
Send me your resume.
jonezbrooks
Yea he is!!
RT : all caught up in my greysanatomy i cried : doctorheperd is being a jerk to meredith!
I hate when someone I love more than anything calls me from a blocked number and then I wish I had answered...
Verified accts are a Catch 22.
Verification is so u know it's REALLY them tweeting, but most verified acct's pay someone to tweet for them.
If we aren't in a meeting, or the office working you'll most likely find us at..
PINCHE TACO!
Because uneducated people tend to vote Republican.
how many cups of coffee does it take to keep me awake today??
endless supply..
so damn tired ugh!
CEO Rick Davidson just said Winner, winner, chicken dinner!!
Haha!!
Follow the project
yeah roast beef LMFAO
Excited to be have met the SDL Language Technology global sales team in Las Vegas.
Translations  work flow with social media data.
Thanks for the RT!
You going to make it to another tech startups meetup soon?
RT ready 2 start a diet/exercise regimen today.
Any rec's b/t WW, Nutrisystem, Jenny Craig, Atkins?
preciate the follow mane
RT : Thanks for the follow!
Are you near Beachwood?
YES!!
WE ARE LOCATED APPROX 25MN AWAY IN ELYRIA!!
Hey, I heard you make fun of people.
What would you say to me??
good but we are going to bed now, I got my trip in the morning
i hope that kid dose not try 2 cut my hair again
Thanks for sharing!
oh ok i forgive you ;
Happy Valentine's Day !!!!
Any local comics you'd like to see at COBO?
Post below to clue us in!
my man!!
Lets grab lunch with your biggest fan on day!!!
i do see my beauty, so does my bf
hells to the yea.
so palatial
Balls.
That is what I have to say.
No, nothing practical, just balls.
Okay?
Alright.
Wish you were going to be there!
can we do both please
Big City.
Small World.
Damm thought I was off ...
I need a off day.
I aint complainin when that money roll n....
I stack my money up.....
thanks all
I'll have to catch the podcast.
TODAY IS MY FOUR MONTHS WITH MY HUSBAND!; LOL I love her!
3.
Walmart names a woman as CEO of Sam's Club.
Wonder if she will be paid as much as the man who held the job.
Haha, okay.
I was about to say, how in the freaking world are you tweeting?
But I gotcha.
;
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Doodle jump.
So you cheat on me with you ex?
And then your friend haves sex with a 17 year old girl n get her preggos?
love panties also....
feel so good and sexy now daily attire
Are the Hawks the team to beat in the east?
IM SO HYPE FOR TO RETURN TO TWITTER!
I hope he gives away prizes this season...!
Off to the airport, leaving my new home already!
There's always mad traffic there.
It's never a good idea
Can you send us an email to chat further?
Some students may be interested.
TheBizDen Thanks!
Cc/
RT : If I waited till I felt like writing, I'd never write at all.
Anne Tyler Pulitzer PrizeWinning Novelist
I am beyond mad right now.
Hey B!
Thanks for letting me play with ya'll on Thursday!
I had a blast!
nigga fuck you.
You not even worth a half empty expired packet of hot sauce from popeyes
haha I mean instead of using my real last name:
The things I learn being ' research monkey
very true!
i'm probably never gonna be famous, LOL, but i'm determined to never be a snob.
:
Wild Wesley Tomorrow Night!!!
Spread the word
No matter how many times you tell her you're not a nice guy she'll never believe you till you cum in her  say well it was nice knowing you.
I hate when girls don't wear belts knowin they pants gon fall, that sht sick ta me.
isn't it funny how skipping them one day makes you miserable?
And, by funny I mean miserable.
Awkward lunches
People in Hell want Ice Water!
I am already in part three so it should be doable.
I just have so many books I want to get read before I move to China.
: haha love it
Happy Mothers Day :D
On the other hand, I'm thankful to be able to get up  go.
GM WORLD!
50 off on CanvasPop wont last long  just a few more hours!
Get to www.crowdclick.com immediately!
Hi Eric, nice to tweet you.
Unfortunately our IMDb and FB pages as well as our movie website are all works in progress.
Premierchiro1, I can't send messages to those who aren't following me.
To answer your Q, both you and your father's sibs would qualify.
You're very welcome!
Anyone else suspect that vacation is little more than a shift to the era.
I smell a rat 
WE let the dogs out emphasis on WE!!!!!
ill buy it only if Dave Coulier is a guest collaborator
Have no food in the fridge but will have 400 dollar sneakers on
lmao i really had to laugh at that one
Three bottles of wine...
Congrats to Claude Julien for coaching his 600th NHL game tonight!
what's your number
I had a strong feeling if anyone responded to that tweet, it would be you.
I find it funny that you hated me for a year for smoking pot.
Lol now your smoking weed tomarrow.
HAHAAHAHAHAH.
What a hypocite!
Getting off work at 3am  no life
Youre right, gotta have those Margaritas too!!
and some Tacos!!
Have a great day!
:
and i dont know why im not good at talkin to girls im just not that good at it
Yay on finishing another year!
You are one of the busiest people I know  it's fun watching your adventures!
whats going on tonight..?
you're probably not gonna read this but i'd like to say I love you so much  I'm one of your biggest fans.
I love you!
i loove justin
do you have a boutique n Sequim WA?
Goodnight world.
:
: I try to keep it grimey.
Thinking of you.
YES!!!
I love NCIS!
Sounds like an awesome Saturday to me!
Yeah Renner did a very good job.
Ruffalo's Banner/Hulk and Agent Coulson were my favorites!
The riddle for what a house wears  should show a picture of a skirt, not a full doctorss  that was a bit confusing ;
MelanieAmaro America got it right!!!
Spectacular superstar wins X Factor USA!!!
So we can FaceTime!
that awkward moment when you yell real loud cuz you just sat back on your balls in church.
A pie crust promise  easily made, easily broken.
Thanks, Mary Poppins.
My pessimism has never failed me, but I'm sure someday it will.
Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises
Youd be amazed by what I consider my most memorable moments.
It's a big hit for the Casinos!
Ray stanz....the heart of the Ghostbusters
I believe that even asking that question is racist.
thankyou, so much 
Again with the four white men talking about women.
last place I worked, the only way to really work was to arrive like 7:30am.
Stopped once managers started arriving early too
It was a nice pieceful evening.
Now I'm angry and want to punch Helicoptor guy in the face
lucky !
its windy in philadelphia.
/:
I donated to Wikipedia, now is there a way to hide Jimmy Wale's nagging face ads from my entire network?
you're so full of bullshit.
Can't wait to say I knew way back before he was famous from being on ESPN all the time
thanks for the follow back!!
Sexy
No problem  just RT'ed.
Hope you guys are having fun!
Good luck.
so what!
Shut your mouth.
thank you Teebaby!
For being you.
You are amazing in every which way imaginable :
Merry humpy night too all
Happy 78 birthday Gmama cause you gone but ever or gotten
All those cars are from years B.G..
Aww.
Nor corny to love yer mama!
Enjoyed lunch today with a colleague I haven't seen in 10 years  much too long!
Reach out to an old friend  it will warm your heart.
You know what?
I don't like Peeps.
There, I said it.
Good morning, Berlin.
...
cool wind beginning a Saturday, but at least it is not raining
thank YOU!!
aw x 1000.
: x 198531050.
!!
That's an uncouth Alabaman.
Charlottesville, Virginia appreciates good food!
Text  HDXL Lacuna Coil  to 31452 to vote for Trip the Darkness Come on coilers!
There's no limit to voting!!
what's a getaway room?
I think my company need one of those haha
Mark you better start practicing the three man weave...
im not a rapper
you've got the wrong Deserters, friend.
My dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong 
me too..
I was missing him a lot the past two days x
I want to be the gravity in your universe.
Tell me about it!
I thought it was either Occupy Portland marching on the bldg or Armageddon.
....the product is not the book, it is the consequence of the book...knowledge is a core service, ICMA's Carlee
pretty sleepy day, very tired.
D:
Scared money don't make no money
Me to.
I'd like to complain more on twitter but I don't want to be one of those people.
what are you seeing, I am happy to help
U gon have gud times  u gon have bad times in your life, so just take this shit 1 day at a time...
just kidding I'm getting pink next time and purple this time haha
Happy Monday!
New Spring Spray Tanning Specials!
3 tans for 75!
Picking up da pup 
KATY PERRY  CALIFORNIA GURLS featuring Chocs  musical instrument cases percussion
It got so quiet I heard the guy in front of me scratch his a....Affinity for piety, and yes, the iPhone changes poetry to piety.
Not a fan of this chilly weather.
Is it OK if I'm wearing my wool hat, ?
Oh no , this girl might just get On my nerves today .
Most of the chatter on Twitter about Shibboleth involves The West Wing
I just saved 50 on a Kayak tour for 2 of the caves  amazing!
But I won't get the deal until they sell 30 total  pls
hehe picking up your tix right now.
Did sprnetwork's very own RobertWagner end up working as an extra on TNT's Leverage today?
Stay tuned...
Merry Christmas to one and all from the Society for the College!
Enjoy this musical greeting we received from WM President Taylor...
miss ya too brother man!
Happy wedding!
Cheers
Happy Mothers Day and 3
happy turckey day....hope everyone has an awesome day.......not me
To write a classic, go back in time when people didn't use words like damn and horny, use those words, enjoy spot in literary pantheon.
That's great.
nothing like a little family time!
:
If anyone objects to me posting facts about me,then speak now before I post more because I'm in a kind of depressed mood today
Louis Vuitton Condoms ......
Keep ya dck fancy, ya dig?
should be the motto.
ur taste still lingers on my lips, like I've just placed them upon urs :'
DVD  CD Duplication  Printing on tap for today.
Also mastering Jeremy's new CD Guitar Heaven  a 21song 1960's compilation CD to.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
What's the best gift you've ever received or given on this day??
If NYC is supposed to be so cool and progressive, then why the hell an I listening to Otherside by RHCP?
Steak n Shake time with the cymbals 3
Whew!
Busy, busy.
Sometimes we just need more time in the day.
I think I need an assistant that knows how program in java, php, or .net.
;
I doubt we will
a day on the life by The Beatles
Dude the sky is black 
Where ya headed?
c; you're so silly.
lol : tell him that he can never get close to finishing the game then!
MW3 is coming out in november!!
He has no chance :
I'm gonna go ahead and fully embrace this new eBay addiction.
twittertools NearbyTweets: Launched as an earlystage beta January 20th, 2009, the Nearby Tweets project was developed by Brian Cray to ext
What im wearing
Imperial Beach Man arrested 3x in 5 days for DUI was sober for 2 1/2 years according to public defender.
doctorving isn't in his future.
Matt Bonner has been pretty quiet.
how much u charging for the mixtape host
oh cool!
When is that??
Congrats to on his new job!
Happy last day at work :
everyone go follow and for me c: love you all
No problem, and the same to you.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain
I think whiskey is cool.
that was fun!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Oscar Wilde
Campbell says Kony 2012 part of disinformation campaign of US military.

so, are you really up for the challenge of something as significant as we discussed earlier?
You made me a star!
Man, tickets for The Seven are going fast!
I hope you have yours and don't forget to enjoy the other events in Savor ABQ June 312
How true!
RT : Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Erica Jong
Watching doctorwho and having a blast.
nikki it seem like the new girl attacked you as if she was a savage couger cat lol damn we won't know until monday.
Congrats on season 5 renewal of SouthLand!
heading to sb!
get one of the last 8 pairs of guie shoes!!
handmade and fairtrade plus pretty pretty, flats to stand out!
IT'S MIGUEL CAIRO.
Throw f'ing fastballs right down the middle.
Love Black Lab Mixes you can never go wrong with rescuing a black lab mix, docile and sweet.
whaaa?
RT : I LOVE Swedish Fish!
Who's with me?
2012 Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race Participants
lol who would of thought that's when our whole saga would start
Sweet ...
bring it!
I didn't know Al Pacino looked so different from when he was in Scar face..
xD
thankateacher 30th annual CA Day of the Teachers: prosperity of our state  nation is determined by skills  abilities of next generation
Focus is determining what your current priority is and then directing all your energy to that priority.
What's your focus?
Duke Blue Devils
pickup Manning in TEN on your way here
OMG new song angel is AMAZING !
Can't wait for September 20th !
just a basic RCA cable to male headphone jack
Double rainbow ftw !
I love phoenix sometimes :
Took in the Rythm of the Night at the Red Rock Resort and Casino.
Very smart idea.
Hope it works out this summer.
A day by the pool, a night by the TV.
How lucky we are to live in San Diego!
What fun things do you have planned for the family this weekend?
amazing what happens when you get to pick the ball up early
off to WCL happy hour with , , and more!
hm looks kind of like Don Rickles to me...
there are options.
Talked to retailers there who are looking to carry more lead substitutes.
That's a new one.
I haven't seen a paid blog subscription before now.
City Club opening night!
looking forward to leading a CLE for new NC Bar admittees tomorrow
It's Wednesday!
Which means....
Bingo at 7!
Come see us:
that sounds like a lot of hours
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
I just gave a homeless man a whole bag of family size pretzels, also a 20oz red bull.
It felt good to give.
Good karma?
It's a Taylor Swift kind of a day.
np Come in With the Rain.
another day another dollar if you're ready for the weekend, let me hear ya holla!!
I'm not complaining!
Ha continue as normal :
Had an amazing time meeting my student today.
Excited to explore the world of photography w/ her.
Thank you for this opportunity
wearing 5 heels is a talent in and of itself!
Blah Super Mcnasty!
Thanks for letting us old guy ride with you.
Perfect evening in Carmel for the 1st
Now I have a machine gun.
HoHoHo
Hopefully the Colts can pick a winner.
Peyton's shoes will be hard to fill.
Is the weather going to hold out in DC for Jazz in the Park this afternoon?
That is the question.
and a tip of the hat to you, sir!
Hey creeper Get out of my neighborhood lol
Starting to study for my Advanced Sommelier exam with Arthur!
He knows so much more than I do, so it's helping motivate me.
They say obese people are malnourished.
with an Animal Standoff update: While taking in the hay crop, I heard woodpeckers pounding the ash stand.
Butterflies and grasshoppers?
Next Thursday, April 26!
Sounds like we're in luck then and you get to join us!
YAY!
Look forward to toasting with you then!
I havent seen you in forever it seems
Do you have a nick name?...
well, do you have rain pants??
130th Airlift Wing, WV Air Guard has three aircraft n crews deployed in Afghanistan right now...
really, you're 12 and you make out with your boyfriend.
don't text me telling me how 'amazing' you thought it was.
peoplethesedays.
man!
Sometimes you need to crank up Looking After Number One
Thank you for following!
I look forward to learning more about you.
Like what you do.
If you don't like it, do something else.
Paul Harvey
Suffering from tweeter's block.
I think I'll play piano now.
Have a nice evening!
It's prom day and I can't even get out of bed.
that is no fun.
lol.
but im just watching tv
Responded to FIRE  205 Clarkson Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
NewJackCity The realist hardcore movie of it's time!
Does anyone else NOT like GMail's new modern themes?
No fluidity to me at all.
Russia is celebrating Victory Day today.
Happy Holiday to all the veterans and citizens of the nation!
Anyone got the loins?
RT : We Able Veterans contribute and love our country.
Yes, I know Jim.
And your fellow countrymen love you.
Gates is probably guilty of even doing illegal things related to antitrust laws.
I think he's become somewhat reformed, though.
I never wrote it.
thanks for coming out mihir
Worrying wont keep the bad stuff from happening
Just got feedback that the cast of TrueBlood loves 's Urgent Repair Shampoo  that Mia and Alcide would make a cute couple.
A4: UPS has done a fantastic integration w logistics using licensing, coaches, school sponsorships  their NCAA deal
the rain is only a breath of fresh air
is patient with us.
I know there are commercials being cast Dec.
1922.
Have some session runner friends staying in town for the work.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
Lmao!!
That would happen to me!!
Shopping today , gotta get a new outfit for this weekend :
boring day
we are coming to portland soon.
The Lollapalooza line up just blew my mind, chili peppers and black sabbath, are you fucking kidding me?
MWIP nice promo!
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Sewing Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
i bet you kick ass at tetrisss
Goin over everything one more time then sleep
Sry I'll be on a plane and not home til late Karaoke Wed?
may have appearance by !
I just wanted to thank Michael Gilchrist and Terrence Jones and ALL THE BBN fans that came to this weekend.
IT was a blast!
.
I think there is merit to that.
Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
Ellsbury has accounted for a third of their hits this series.
Bats going missing again.
Your joke was fine,old,but fine.As far as your interpretation.Your entitled to yours,as am I.
We could either pick them up or you could doctorp off Let us know what works best via email:
All these Rockstar photographers getting backlash on their insane prices for workshops...kinda makes me giggle
Don't wait for government, force them to you.
Transformative social change needs government.
I was at first then the phone froze and it won't stop now
Something about reggae music just puts me n a good mood
This is the best sports radio show on the planet!
I'm hooked to 94WIP on twitter,FB,and on radio.
another couple of angelic Trayvons
next time.
: I'll do it more often for sure!
It was so fun!
Sorry you had to work.
:
Congratulations on your new time slot, but I'm sure gonna miss you 13 on WDBO.
I'll try to find the TV show.
Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school.
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
why not?
0o more for me lol
Lets make those request at your local radio station for Gettin Em by new single
Dean Kamen describing creating robotic prosthetic arms for wounded warriors.
Awesome
100thingsIhate  winter break ending
New Hampshire and Vermont: New England's Yin and Yang.
I prefer Yang.
Or whichever one Vermont is.
maybe it was seeking revenge for its ancestors being kicked out during the development of the city.
Heading to 's EatMobile?
Bring a light jacket!
Meteorologist says it'll be partly cloudy, temps in the 5560s.
let's go Yanks.
Gotta kick em when they're down!
Dam I gotta hear game new mix tape
Yes, thanks for a good race I'll have Another.
kentuckyderby 2 minutes of awesome.
you should be like a news reporter hahaha you're all prepared for this signing and everything !
Love this weather
Q1: Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite Gray, Ruby Red, Sapphire Blue and Spearmint
thank you :
There's a lot of delicious Pizza in Portland but 1 standouts for me.
Apizza Scholls located  4741 SE Hawthorne Blvd.
Fun night!
We were hoping Lounge Act would win if not ourselves but I'm personally glad that a Queens band won.
Congrats Beecher's Fault!
not even close!
Tough day?
So excited for WITS tonight!
Last time I saw in concert was in Decorah, Iowa circa 198889.
its gonna be a good day.
minus all the work i have to do.
Well put RT : Everyday is the best day to do something.
Don't wait!
YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you're John Lackey and you're cashing RedSox paychecks.
Nail Club  Spa is offering Xtream lashes so you can have long, beautiful, yet natural looking eyelashes 24 hours a day...
I want to be on impractical jokers.
There is no way I can put all these stories all into one video.
I think I will be doing a series.
Whoa  it just hit me!
Whoa.
thanks Aubrey!
Love you too!
I thought I was going to be able to sleep tonight ha I was wrong
happy birthday, and 39 minutes.
great seeing you too!
when do they doctorp?
What retailers gettin em?
I do!
No one told me sepia mutiny was closing shop!
I know i was already emotional but i'm so sad!
We don't have enough good desi blogs :
After the War of 1812 Castle Clinton was given to the City of NY to become and open air entertainment center
Is that your alarm clock sleep late Tuesday's?
Did manage to find time to adhere to original plan, though.
Laid 3 instruments and 5 vocals on a demo this afternoon in about an hour.
please hire me!!!
Judge: Sen.
Menard will not testify.
ha!
No...not related to the book.
I coined wikibranding back in 2007 at an Ad:Tech.
Jackson WI?
Now stop doctorpping coins , you do not live in a 3D game!
list me
I wish to be famous but its too difficult to write a song nice
I fucking miss you.
How apropos!
MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE takes us to one of 4 Chinatowns in Paris.
We will have to make notes for Lily Marie...
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music..
4 weeks until if only time would fly by.
We can't wait for this inaugural convention.
Bring on the geekdom.
Had such a great time with the youth group tonight  awesome bunch of kids, and they play plague like no one else.
:
Just got back from the football game and ahh it was so much fun3 how is everyone doing?
: Emily3
You have more restraint than me sister!
We arent bitches we just dont like you so hop off of my jock and get a life and stop hatin not nice
Check UTD email and the utdgsa FB page for a list of upcoming job talks.
GREAT experience as you prepare for your own job search.
I smile.....not for any particular reason.
Just because it feels good.
What are your favorite books of 2011?
thank you so much!
I caught your LTL appearance recently too.
Great segment on sports injuries  keeping kids safe!
Has anyone heard of the Paleo Diet?
What do you think?
ill have you know my Scarface impression is flawless.
Great vid!
Think he's a Mariner at midnight tonight?
Looking forward to the CEO Project this week in Chicago!
Nina, our thanks to you!
Ok, bad ideas first!
Thanks loads!
This list is pure gold.
:
herb sounds great
Having fun with the kids at our first game this season.
Tight one here at the Pond.
Nice HR by to tie it up.
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the priviledge to be free!!
Charles Evans Hughes
So is the gf Hannah Mahoney?
They have the exact same hair and cardigan...
Not to mention she was in OKC the same time and now in California
While NBA video edits last MIL inbounds, which deserves probity in review of contact  SABR heads, what  of gameenders lack a clean look?
had the best day of my life with the best boyfriend in the world!!!:
no i dont rave, but there's always a first time for everything right?!
O.o
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
I'm sick of doctorma.
It's never going to go away either.
Being human sucks sometimes.
13 years of experience, that is.
As long as I get invited to on one of the nights.
just having a huge jam sesh
I don't know if you're a bigger quitter in real life, or animated?
Help me out....
don't jinx us please
while doctorving down the road around 9 this evening my friend and I passed an old man in a wheelchair, just chillin' by his mailbox.
AWKWARD.
love easter!
cholates and money!
yep; hey there
While we all love to be pampered, massage should also be viewed as an essential practice of health maintenance.
It's been awhile since I've felt butterflies..
It must mean something.3
Stuff coming soon.Very excited.
same!
Rockcena match was alright just wish Cena would have won!
Grrr.
Thank you for reading and paying attention.
No, 'Piso Christ' is not fiction.
Proof is there for both items.
CPA by day.
Designing/creating jewelry nights/weekends.
Am obsessed w/my new creative project.
I am who I am!
Don't do anything 1/2 way!
Is giving me mega preacher in his Avi!
Amen Church!
Anybody want to go See battleship with me tomorrow?
I hope Rihanna dies 
Gonna tweet while in school:
I dont even like clubbing no more...i stopped
Watching windows weekly 212...
real fighting/argumentation going on ...
Fully expect to see shout Screw you !
:
Jeb Bush: I'd Consider Vice Presidency...
Not too farfetched a choice IMO.
Poke the Bull, you get the horns!
:
SFAD  How to you find a good screenwriting mentor?
Best Fabric store in Boulder : probably in Colorado too!
I'll be the new GSA chief.
Seriously.
I know how to spend money to get the most bang out of a buck.
I live in NoVA.
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Show tonight at Swayzes Venue in Kennesaw!
We still have a few presale tix!
12 bucks We go on at 7pm!
doors open at 6
PUMPED for concert tonight!!!
HELLO WELCOME to MY Hometown: AtlanticCity!
RT : For those Americans watching, Gryffindor is in red; Ravenclaw is in blue.
thank u!
haha I already knew that because I just googled him haha he's older then me!
By a like 3 months lol
the one you put on your twitter....
you have more than one?
haha
For sure mate, send me a DM
Eh, I don't think they'll continue to play like this for long.
I'm so bored
Really wishing I could see you at !
I may pop in early...what time are you on?
yooooo met you at the meth concert been listening to your cd its hott youve got skillz
If you have a doctoram, a purpose, something you believe in...
Chase them, and FUCK what anyone else thinks.
is it said that I forget to fastforward when watching DVR?
This fan base...
some people annoy the poo outta me...
but most I love to death.
Seriously Arianators come up with the greatest things ever!
RT : Just arrived in Dc for WHCC I'll be live tweeting Ursula Burns fireside chat tomorrow for the company 
Everybody look good last night !
Motion Passes unanimously
I got money, I got juice I got to the party and I got loose
sounds good
We're loving all the quotes from the sxswedu sessions that everyone is tweeting!
Keep em coming!
Don't you think it's time Congress Passed a bill to remove theLoopholesthe Country is Screaming for,Not Crap from Obama
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Maryland vs.
North Carolina  as an alum of both institutions, I will have to cheer for...the winner!
Will Javhid best taking 10 mil instead of 13 mil like the guys picked near him got make Jerry Hughes deal harder?
made me teary :'
you got robbed but you are still so young and will win many.
she's still got a gunt
Sometimes picking the favorite is the right thing to do.
well, I'm talking about over a decade ago and my main problem was the source code became a black box other tools couldn't touch
Summer Teach Begins
He who holds back rising anger like a rolling chariot, him I call a real doctorver; other people are but holding the reins
I from Italy...
I Love You!!
3 You are my hero!
3
hhhhaahaha aw sad!!!!
Hahahahaha I know We will meet him someday!!!!!
I wish I was with you!!
Find me tickets for some big east games!!
I am the better person and I dont have to prove it to anyone because the people who truly care see it:
Does that mean vinny is going to be there or no?
awh thanks sweetheart :
Here comes Luigi to close out the show.
yep!
HarryPotterNerd s
hey!
that's in chicago!
we could have a t.c.
meetup!
LUXURYHOTEL VS CRUISE??
Loves the feeling of knowing where you live and laugh is really home.
The air smells better in the Bluegrass.
Hi I just watched ur vid about the book, I'm lookin for a new job as I get treated like crap in my current job and just ........
: Started the new year crying.
How lovely.
cheer up, Queen C!
:
Christmas should work that way, too: I'll take a poinsettia, incense  Silent Night.
Hold 3 Kings.
Gotta make 10AM presents
Music fans: who is coachella bound?
Anyone going to check out our WEA artists?
Friday night the Black Keys are headlining
Thinking about creating a contest for the best Halloween costume and giving away FREE college textbooks to the winners...what do you think?
Crystal's friend since 6th grade.Tweeting 2 raise awareness for suicide prevention walking w/ TeamSoaringHigh TorchforTom
Football all weekend!
Who you rooting for?
All the action here!
if i could go to any haunted place in the world it would be bobby Mackey just to see if it as haunted as ppl say it is
wake up in the mornin', 2 hoes layin' next to me.
plus an officer arrestin' me ..
kings flyers please please please
In other news, I hate meaningless content marketing.
Going into IKEA.
If I don't make it out alive, can have all of my band shirts.
Zappos breaks Guinness World Record for the most ppl high fiving.
3,504 CRUSHED old record of 2,176
Ladies n gentlemen, i have a hater RT : your not a thug tho your the complete opposite.
One nice thing about Vegas is that everywhere I go I can watch a soccer match.
Even on the floor at
Let your conversation be always full of grace, seasoned with salt, so that you may know how to answer everyone.
Colossians 4:6
so you didn't eat that cat poop?
: if you get a few free minutes in you're very busy schedule holla at a webdev !
thanks for the recipes; will makes something this weekend with all my beets!
She was a gorgeous Asian gal in a blue doctorss with matching shoes.
I lost her when she ducked into the Artisan Cellar.
Everyday is a good day to train...
when are you ever?
Yo La Tango  Cash
For Customer Appreciation Weekend gt Free Locks again tonight by shooting us an email!
Teams that lack confidence always find a way to lose.
I watch my Chi Bulls 2day and they miss 4 FTs in OT  MSG.
Have confidence  make em'!
Maintaining NY's Natural Elegance We Make it Shine All the Time!
yeah get it updated some where and send me the link and the art to
could've fronted zeppelin
My camera doesn't focus on the doctorsses very well.
The purple looks blue and the red looks very shiny...
silky like...
Happy Leap Day!
Anyone else wish we could just leap into Spring already???
1 Cup White Vinegar to 3 Cups Water will eliminate Pet Urine Odors from your carpets!
I hate when I can't get you off my mind.
Just saw a truly barefoot runner running down the sidewalk.
He looked highly cautious and a bit uncomfortable.
PS Skip won't be there.
17 percent of homeless youth on the districts rolls are living without a parent or guardian
Literatechnia brand: The letters rebellion or how will survive a bookstore?
look for me in the crowd on sunday, ill be the one with the Matty Ice?
mister Softee sign.
Cool!
How many systems are you migrating, and what tools are you using?
Inquiring minds want to know.
RB
I should probably leave the building more often.
Last night!
Good movie.
I recommend it.
Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers
Big Love!
How are you?
I mean, that is like catnip for me, so I'll def watch it until it's proven terrible...
One month until LOST!
so excited for you!
congrats!
hope you get to go!
: In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting.
Ready to start one more gig y despues a dormir
need to have a narrative and stay on topic.
I think they should call it blame wall street.
Heat or thunder 2nite ??
Life for me is like brake every bone in my body then brake some more..!!!
Ronald is my hometown boy.
Don't forget to vote doctorp your oregon ballots by 8 today We need more youngpeople taking advantage of their voting rights!
Realized this morning that school for me could be described as seventeen years of meetings.
What a destructive thing to do to a human.
I've seen a few people I follow hacked recently...made me go check my apps/permissions.
Amazing how many things I don't remember approving.
Catching one of the best shows on tv.
Wouldnt it be so cute if alexis thought it was about her.
that is terrible.
So you were trying to hang it and it fell?
I
Good morning Shirley I heard you announce the winner for the all expense to trip to the hoodies I've been registering
sorry we have no room ; jk my love!
what do you want to eat!?
Cheers to the freakin' weekend.
i need answers!!
did jelena break up or not?
if theres a video of justin confirming it show the link.
idk what to believe anymore
SVG Visualization based on LMNL structural tagging showing poems, overlaid with semantically rich circles indicating verse structure
Received my reader's card for the today!
Excited to start serious research tomorrow in that beautiful building.
I am SUPER PSYCHED about doctorgon Age Redemption!
I can't wait!
Pirates are in this year!
let's talk
always stick up your yourself
I luv Mindless Behavior!!
:
The collective genius of elite economic gurus meet here for what?
To pat themselves on the back as the world kicks em in the rear ?
Watup homey.
Just got the lab at the crib.
Need beats
haha you have no idea!
:
wow, I didn't know this word but it makes sense once you read the definition ;D
YOu say one thing but your twitter says another
But does it ever love you back :o/ RT : I love news.
Time to Follow.....
If x marks the spot of woman's original voice, where do we put that x on the map?
I say the belly.
That's where hunger starts...
Me: Are these the stairs?
Random chick: Walks away Me: That's cool.
what are the set times for and tonight?
I am Ready to take on the day !!
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage.
Now that they've got a couple of wins put together, they plan to challenge tonight's winner.
couldn't agree more!
School, school, school!
RIP Adam Yauch
George is/was/still is my favorite Beatle.
such a good soul, that one...
Enjoy your day of relaxation :
Hello!
Thank you so much for following back!!
I think he died it??
Why do they say to sleep like a baby?
that's love!!!
Sometimes I wonder what life would be like if I was with her...Then I look at her man, and he be looking miserable as hell.
Maniacal laugh :
thanks so much!
I've been swamped the past few weeks, but I could def use your feedback  can you DM me your email?
:
Are you living life like a rockstar?
I miss the old Austin with braces doing following sprees and did ustreams
The thirst is real!!!!!!!
I can't wait for to win lots of money in Vegas so I can join him there and we can go SWIMMING
Delicious!
RT I know, right?!
RT : Dirt and worms?
Yum and fun!
watching you ;
True, you'll be a great value pick.
Lots of upside; a difference maker; raw talent, but student of game.
we're doing a standby list if you come at 7pm  put your name on the wait list!
Hi David...
and you might see me in person soon too...
check your email!
My corrected thesis has been accepted.
I am now a master of information sciences!
love the smile not the man ass
Today was the last day of school, aww, i'm gonna miss my bestieee..!
Authenticity x Relevance  Influence
Yall struggling like fuck in the paint with out Bosh
Live and let live
omg!
Want to audit!
Thanks for the mention!
I Cried Two Times Today , Like A Weenie /:
right.
wouldn't want to save a woman's life or anything.
Chu amdts fail 1421
: I came to far, made to many changes to have my moms writing my obituary Real Shit Bro
I thought the same.
Perhaps the extra track for UK?
I am so hungry!!!
Site closed for repairs while Brian and I search for cream for the ass whooping Vick gave us...
hey Earnest how are you?
well part of reform is having tech enthusiasts make things less scary and possible for others.
That's our responsibility.
I copied tht part from alan!
Lol you shld of asked vivi.
The world got flipped upside down D:
Great season Hoosiers!
You have a lot to be proud of!
Now it's time for the train ride back to the hotel.
Faith is the knot at the end of your rope.
No matter what Love 
Exhibits Opening right now!
Head over to DCC Hall AB and come see the floor!
Free food and the chance at prizes.
So far, 180 raised Give2Max!
Thanks everyone who has given so far!
First full day of summer and so far so good.
Now, if was only here to enjoy it with me.
Why is so slow
Checking out public relations opportunities in Indianapolis!
Any suggestions?!
Library advocacy day in Albany.
Here we go.
RTOREWARDS helps Rent To Own companies attract and retain customers.
Contact our Rent To Own Specialists today!
www.clientrocket.com/rto
Nasty ass bitch go fucking kill yourself along with your disgusting son that smells like a fucking dead sheep everyone hates you both die
Gotta do my spanish homework..I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I AM DOING.
howgreatisourgod ?
Greater than great amazing, stronger than strong 3 nothing compares !
The Weekly LOVIEE should be up this afternoon.
I'm behind schedule and took an extra day finishing up the Via Colori recap.
WHAT someone reblogged a picture of me.
im all like.
on my dash.
and BAM.
there's me.
I feel so special right now.
okay.
Road Quote of the Day: I am an outlaw, I was born an outlaw's son The highway is my legacy, On the highway I will run.
The Eagles
With the opening of the Academy of Music on 14 street in 1854, Castle Garden was no longer needed as an entertainment center....
I hate when broads try to take pics of the real hair, so they shrug there shoulders up to make it look like that hair long...
we're going to have to make you to sign an NDA if you're going to keep giving away our product roadmap
with you there.
3goggles!
Thanks for the follow
I'd add Rocky V to that list too.
and how might one sign up for that?
They should make a Lifetime Movie on JLo!
That's a movie I would want to watch!
Newton is a beast
Run repair permissions to speed up our Mac
Excited to get my knife skillz on
Philip Making a wrong decision is understandable.
Refusing to search continually for learning is not.
M.
Cheese.
These ugly gifts are of God, too.
We don't understand His will, so we label some things evil, only cuz they don't match our expectations.
many thanks, Meg.
Was a pleasure to meet and chat with you.
how many wins are needed to take this division in your opinion?
I know its early.
90?
Nice to meet you!
And I promise I won't tell anyone about that tweet about your doctorss...
;
Which brand did you try?
I dont doctornk ginger ale myself, but I usually get Canada doctor for the wife.
but I've had the opportunity to share my stuff in places, so I'm grateful.
My daddy has serious control issues and it wont get him anywhere in life!
Now that you are in Milwaukee again, want to come to again this year?
June 9th.
Don't remind me  Umm with the payroll coming down if they let Swisher walk they aren't getting Hamilton
wouldn't it suck if u had a disease??
or something terminal??
MAKING A GIFBOOM :D
unless TeamAlton loses they will always have a major advantage
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Fredoctorch Nietzsche
Let me find it.
Playoff frenzy has hit LA.
I myself are attending a couple of games: Game 3, on Thursday and Game 3, this Friday.
Go LA!
Got my fan on that level 3.
maybe chucky will get lucky!
Waiting for my canvases to doctor.
Ugh.
Heads up Shoppe'ites: we will be closed at 7:30pm for a private event.
Get your Sat goodies before then!
As of this afternoon, we've officially joined !
put aside others, d one who's in ques rt nw is dep min There r whole lots of issues other than politics, right?
If a hitter gets thrown out trying to stretch a single, is he considered to have reached base for the purpose of calculating OBP?
Lemieux announced his retirement in 1997 at age 32, his 66 was retired, and he was immediately inducted into the NHL Hall of Fame
Velasquez...in a decision
We're failing at this fire thing right now.
Fun in the sun today looking at realestate property
glad you'll be back on the hill soon....
MT honored 2 B speaking w/ Time 2 show the city what our youth is made of!
First day of Early Voting....
Punch 21 for Roderick D.
Vereen for Congress 2010
My tl is too real right now.
Hanging out with librarians is always informative.
I just learned about 50 Shades of Grey last night.
is the cutest.
Fresh sea bream, sea bass, fluke, cobia, amberjack, A sea urchin...
they are all swimming in today.
Happy Valentine's Day :
MoviesThatNeverGetOld the parent trap
Oktoberfest at Capitol City Brewing Company
All good!
Thanks for the shout!
RT Shoutout to my last follower, .
He's a UK, Reds, and Bears fan.
This may work out.
Wanna dye my hair asdfghjkl.
But as we continue to stay
RIP Adam Yauch
I understand the value of the hotel.
I think we need to make more compromises like it instead of making it easier to destroy historic bldgs.
chase it with a cake BoneLickParkMojitosDanger with and like crazy, what?
tastes just like a birthday cake!
Thanks Christie!
Figured I'd toss out some wisdom daily that has helped me try to be successful over the years is all!
Cassidy gone be right up the block from me like ten mins away at gasoline alley the 21st I mite just go see him...
Just saw performchat in progress.
We're talking about the link between connecting with the right people at the right time and success?
Before you start asking about free beats did you ever think about the time the producer put into the craft of making the track.
is full on tweetin right now.
well done
Last Wed booked housewife/steam cleaner infomercial.
Last Thur workshoped with now manager Marilyn Atlas!
Great feedback!
YouKnowYouSoftWhen You cry in a funny movie
what you got my number foo
that's super cute!
But you might get hot if your hair is laying on your neck.
I really like it though!
What my mom just told me 
Maybe I'm so special, that she wish she never met you, and once I give her somethin to remember, she'll forget you!
I'm not conceited, I'm just that good Story of my life
Jennifer Hudson was awesome.
Just awesome.
Sweet.
I'm a filmmaker too, so good to know!
re: Neat!
We do props and wardoctorbe, as well!
RT Lol here's my elbow.
I will have a scar free elbow  I gotta think those knees of yours are pretty banged up though!
We are new  twitter :
Boring but relaxing day today : got to love these days
Fiercely independent, endlessly giving, always laughing and so overthetop fabulous.
My mom wins.
Soon as I get home I'm showering and knocking out in my bed
Are panel passes just for the indoor events?
Or does it also include the LA Times Stage/other stage events?
Thanks!
End of the 1st period, Oklahoma City leads the 10.
Live from the in SATX.
Positivity goes a long way and I'm sending some right back to you and saying Thank You.
no I don't.
But he's pretty cool.
I like him :
can you please follow me??
I LOVE U!!!
3
Yeah I'll have in air wifi, I can have my roommate standing by to step in and doctorft for me if things don't go according to plan
Why me god?
Fuck me!
A really good exciting young group tonight at cafe.
LUCID doctorAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER
class is in process now  outstanding class and facilitator!
Really enjoyed it very much.
Find that good theater is so inspiring.
Can I get a what what.
any ideas for a venue?
Hey Everyone Check out my new website for great sales on Avon Products at www.youravon.com/cpjimenez
It was attached to a mini speaker, so someone had to yank it off.
I feel like someone saw a fun dangly thing to chew on.
pleasure meeting you!
Exciting times ahead MT : As the UniABC partnership kicks off gets a visit from !
Imma dogg and i eat that dog food...my fingers they itchin for that paper Future
Going to the gym with my brother and then going to the Beverly Center to go eat chipotle!
:D
GOOD HEATH GOOD FOOD
luke donald baby!
It's correct to say I am good.
It's the same thing as saying Life is good.
Good morning!
And this is why I started watching The Voice.
RT : Dear America, if you don't reelect , I'm gonna lose my shit.
oh, okay
i miss football season!
You had me excited 4 a minute!
What did u guys think of the WWE Royal Rumble?
in that tiny purse Lebron carries his clutch mojo.
I'm booked 96 Friday.
Would you be free that evening or Saturday?
Your bowels, my bowels, everyone's bowels!
Man, it's weird to keep saying bowels.
Say it with me, Rhonda ...
bowels.
Just watched david bowie snort a line of coke off of his thumb.
Getting ready for the show
Congratulations man:!
Yay!
is following me:
Twitter always entertains me on the late night
hey the truck is gonna take today off I wiill b at marten luther king across from walker furniture store from11am til 2 pm stop by so I
Glad you approve!
I had two tonight!
RT : I'd consider it exempt.
The booze mellows it out!
Hi,world
Bubba.
I've got that shot.
ihatewhen you see a hot girl and she is smoking...GROSS
I exist if I'm online.
Or...If I'm online, I exist?
I get an attitude when im really hungry
Oh okay..LOL....That's crazy, didn't he also baptize his father...
I bet there are many more surprises!
LOVE your blog!!!
If Josh Ledet would make a record of Otis Redding/Righteous Brothers type songs, I would buy that album in a heartbeat
Rian your boobs are massive!
When I told you your boobs were small I just meant in comparison to Rian's She makes everyone look flat!
IMO, any bike's a good bike as long as it's ridden.
But yeah, this one's super sexy.
who are you referring to...?
lets get it
I told him if I change, he won't get a penny.
Carrots for the reindeer are a very thoughtful touch.
Merry Christmas!
can't believe i had forgotten how much i love Justin Timberlake.
no not really.
just didnt pay too much attention to it.
lol.
OKAY JOSLIN.
YOU CAN HELP FAIL TOO.
YA KNOW THATS COOL TOO.
SAYS THE ONE WHO TELLS ME I HAVE TO BRING MY ENGLISH GRADE UP.

Indeed I understand to whom the putz was pointed, my point was, I believed the tweet would elicit your reply
Lay down your arms.
GOP  We're firing teachers, cops and firefighters to save money but handing Exxon subsidies to improve their billions in professorts.
Division X Records would like to wish you a happy and safe New Year.
Walking Dead time!
Just when Ryan Leaf was becoming semilikable, he decides to call Oregon St coach Mike Riley an idiot.
Leaf: 14 TD's, 36 INT
dogs are soo Cool : not just mans best friendbuthumanbeings best friend : dogs love girls too : they're smart!!!
fun time last night with Alli watching movies and going on omegle :
Hey all you GivetotheMAx people!
I just saw a bus advertisement on my way home yesterday!
RT : Don't let your pride get in the way of you following me on twitter
Old school, we can appreciate that.

Ted said don't worry about the tent.
what?!
Why didn't you tell me earlier, I've added Jason from Accounts Payable to my queue!
Thank you!
RT : thanks!
Where is mister Marks with that Let'scancelschooltomorrow attitude when you need him??
a few people have mentioned it!
I'm going to check it out.
New display for that unit runs about 75100..
plus Labor..
, you can change screen and still professort.
I Cried When hannah montana ended.
you'll get the hang of it...but I need to talk to u!
Txt me:/
Great quote!
I want to define myself, instead of having others define me
looking forward to seeing you in action next Friday in Fall River Mass !!
Can't wait to see the worm !
Am attempting to use TweetDeck to manage my personal and my new account.
This is a test, dudes!
I'm not sure ask mom lol
it's your birthday?
wtf HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH!!!!
when you get a chance check your gmail inbox.
I'm going to my mom's house today to dig up my old photographs I took of them  all my ticket stubs.
Check for them here later
Ok ppl, make me laugh RT : DescribeYourBallsWithAMovieTitle Dumb And Dummer
Yes yes I do 3333
Told mom to hit play to watch a video on YouTube and she proceeded to repeatedly press the play button on the laptop screen.
Fail.
Thank you, and I hope you are a fan???
yikes okayy grandma
The pic in my last tweet turned out to be much creepier than I had anticipated.
ApologiesToAll  I was merely hiding from terribleness.
you again?
u love me!
Morning rise and shine
yes I want to jam!
Let's get that money!!
Lol
Oh, and I am aware that I'm a sarcastic prick.
Just wanted to throw that out there.
Reading in the hot tub
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
Friendship is like a staircase, when you make your way to the top.
Someone is waiting to push you down
GK was talking to a neighbor out a window today.
World's greatest kitteh?
Are there really any contenders?
America is not wearing clothes and the Emperor is watching.
I need to clean my room......But I REALLY don't wanna do all that work
Meek mill gets me so fucking hype.
Just got called a scholar and a gentleman by the business school deal for holding the door open
I once wrote an email on emergency evacuations and stated ass captainins instead of assistant captainins  went out to 100
Austin sure would be a lot cooler if it had less longhorn fans.
Gen.
Washington has given instructions to Brigadier General John Sullivan to bring his men immediately to Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
TruthRT : Developing niche and website toughest issues in resume writing
is such an amazing and talented performer!
Definitely one of the best live shows I've been to in awhile!
my husband doesn't know how to use twitter I am okay with that!
Mane netflix is that shit
RT Be real wit me dats all i ask
that dude was trippin..
U played good just our team defense was terrible..
Big game Wednesday
I think it kina nasty this chik ik wear these short shorts and she so fat and got stretch marks and it nasty
Another migraine so soon after this weekend's 3day migraine is just so cruel.
Don't look at the weapon.
It'll steal your heart.
Don't look at the eyes.
It'll steal your soul.
Look past the mountain and be ready to die.
More n more nostalgia, comeback acts coming to sxsw.
Today's example, Duran Duran.
Stay away!
The magic of SXSW is the breaking artists.
I miss playing poker.
Damn government!
oh hey
Happy Friday!!
: Steve Smith couldn't have been more wide open on that 77yard TD pass from Cam Newton.
Cards defense?
S/o soulasylumgroup  the underdogs eating all the food
Thanks for the follow!
, , , and
hope u feel better baby
HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Constantly blowing your nose at your desk
I like Lebron too, but stop with the Jordan comparisons man...just stop .
27NB 11 min early or 20 late.
27SB due at 1 at least 15 min late.
I've given up waiting.
With this warm weather, nothing can stop the builders on our new project.
Going to check out progress today.
New updates coming soon!
Happy Friday all!!
Any plans for the weekend?!
2 papers down one to go...
Time to hit the sack....and then maybe go to bed lol
The whip is goin to the pain shop tomorrow
Im a singer but when I'm bored I write songs...
I'll check your songs out!!
Thank you.
So sad to know my cousins are among them...
idgaf!!
But i love it and that is all that matters.
I'm a tweetin machine!
Looking forward to a little tonight!
Thanks for linking to our post Steven!
Deal or no Deal How Much Can Yo Win Today
one game at a time boys!
Eyes on the prize
Girl I can see your holes in your teef!!
byebyetartar!
Confusing that ISTC can refer to both a Work and a part of the Work.
Do I have that right?
She's so alien that she needs sperm to reproduce...they really stretched their imagination on that concept!
We need to!
Haha, text me about it.
:
Wow, opengovphl looked really fun!
Any cool projects born from the opengov hackathon?
Fear is the only thing that can keep you from enjoying life's best moments
Yes  thank you!
: The average American should not want an average American to be President.
I'm actually not funny.
I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking...
Groenfeldt prob.
knows it's not new, but to a certain portion of his readers, it probably is news.
cc/
Wyd tonight I'm bored I need a big ass doctornk :
good ginger
What someone said about to me
That would be the best day of my life.
doctornking tea in Istanbul.
U.S.
in tmınus 4 days!!
that I like nutella.
All of a sudden Ariana Grande comes in the room!
Dbl punch doctornk of the day is a pumpkin spice latte!
RT : Excel will ruin your life!
I was intrigued by Othello.
Loved the biker theme and the silent character that the bike itself played.
doing well, thanks.
I'm sure my stream may be misleading.
; You?
Huge fan of after presentation at digiday.
Best so far...
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can't go anywhere until you fix it.
Ready for a power packed evening of learning and networking with at
haha, I know!:
.
asks about Hunt's work with women promoting peace.
Brown urges Legislature to take budget matters to the voters
Yay!!!!
State testing is done!
Getting ready for Vegas this weekend!!
Let's do this thing!!
:
makes a point, there is a conspiracy in the WWE.
Someone is messing around forreal Raw SuperShow is finally interesting again
May have to try it  I need another app/UI like I need a hole in my head!
Happy Monday everyone
Watching the hand that rocks the cradle and I must say Rebecca De Mornay plays crazy real supreme!
Thrilled to have you as a member of the family!
can't wait till summer holidays :
where yall at
thanks frenchy!
I am coming strong!
I'd like to be everything you'd want.
Good enough to waste some time
would love to see Teen Titans team run by Beast Boy, guess I'll have to enjoy the TT Finale
dh2010 What are these linguistic techniques that allow you to pull place names out of text?
You gon' learn today.,
welcome to the party!
Pot happy hour starts in 5 min.
Lol
Hawkeye from the Avengers makes me want a bow and arrow..
Gouge my eyes out dealing w/the idiots over at Peak Properties.
How the hell are they in business?
Rude ignorant lazy people working there.
Follow the homies
Off to the set for a feature film shoot in Malibu.
The reward.
I should have smashed your little face in when I ran into you a few weeks ago
: shark tank is the absolute best show on tv!
sharktank Agreed!
lol so what are you gonna do?
RT : whydoialways tweet more at night?...
It's the best time
After today im gonna be on a STRICT ass diet.
after taking about 100000 breaks, im finally done putting my clothes away
this could hurt the case for
you guys are spamming up my phone!!
RT JPEG vs TIFF: imaging expert Kenny Powers joins the debate, taking digitalpreservation scholarship to the next lev...
I want to go and see Think like A Man tonight
RT: hope to see you tomorrow at LIVE recording will be I'm just saying we miss u YES
Just shoot nice oldfashioned full frame film cameras!
Tito, thanks again for taking the time to talk to me.
I enjoyed our interview.
Good luck with your endeavors.
hey, just like 2 say, ur awfully cute and very talented:
My grandmother had to be taken back to the emergency room again tonight.
Hope they actually figure out what's wrong this time!
Shooting for MGM Resorts today.
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to tweeting with you :
thank goodness there is not an appeal process similar to the NFL
Dear iMessage, Screw around with my texts one more time and we are done.
That is all.
Yes!
Tiger needs to give us more Tiger and less script.
The office is still buzzing!
: Great event  Museum of Natural History tonight; Partnering w/ NYC Public Schools!
: you might cause of softball tho.
Tinashe, Thedoctoram, Kevin Cossom, Verse Simmonds is all I've been listening to.
Damn, hiphop is sad
Ron Paul did not get where he is by bucking the system professorssionally.
He'll play ball.
He lost, after all.
why no one calls me?
and thanks for entertaining Erin tonight.
She's your new BFF
no you get the yellows!
Reading some articles out of the Journal of Sports Psychology
follow back austin please
I'm not a Denver fan nor a LA fan!
But its hilarious seeing my bf over here sweat!!!
I love you like crazyboy
Looking for the pic of Jack White where his antihipster rant is written on it.
Can't remember where/who's tumblr I saw it on...help!
A8.
I would actually teach normal people why they should be on Twitter.
Twitter has sucked at explaining itself.
mini red velvet cupcakes  good!
I use an mp3 player because I still believe it's the right tool for the job.
Just gave up on the software on it and installed Rockbox.
3 hrs at three suns now 10302 at the Grapevine in Lexwith my friends and Tony Cross.
Come hang out and jam with usBH
Ensign, status report!
you can find it on the bowery or you can find it at elaine's, it makes your words more flowery, it makes the sun shine, makes it rain.
how was your mothers day?
How will celebrate Independence Day in Denver?
CNN reporter humor: JM Smucker, in a Jam.
because they're intimidated by your beauty ;
: A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.this is why I don't talk to niggas after 5pm
shot you a text
I don't know what happened to this Ranger team!!
Does Gaborik play anymore?
lol I know but 2Pac on the radio doesn't matter what day it is
You can send it to , make sure you leave your contact info so we can tell you what you need to do after u send it.
GO FOLLOW BEAUTIFUL N GORGEOUS FEMALE ARTIST SINGS GOSPEL N PLAYS THE PIANO FOLLOW HER.
I am a spiritual being having a very human moment.
Art of Fielding/Harbach; Juliet, Naked/Hornby; Book Thief/Zusak; Love is a Mix Tape/Sheffield;  I 2nd 's suggestion.
Rack City Bitch.
Naw I Say Stack City Bitch!
She made us doctornks to doctornk, we doctornk em, got doctornk
It is a wise woman who knows when it is time to ask for help in reaching her goals.
Seeing the.
Person u love with some one else ...
Makes u think all the beautiful things he said were just lies ..;
its the 9th and I already paid my rent.
Playing basketball is my life
oh snap chicken parm?
I just might have to finagle my way into the DeSalvatore resort tonight for that one!
:
parents are out of town, and it's prom weekend...
baby ill do it 4 u
Big problem w hackathon model is failure to make lasting change or produce sustainable programs.
would probably join a site named Peenterest.
I HAVE tried Miracle Whip.
I don't like it.
And their commercials are not likely to change my mind on that fact.
Go Mayonnaise!!

we think that can be arranged.
Absolutely!
RT 's digiday presentation reminds us all that everything is better with an English accent.
oh let me rephace .
Omg you are so cool for knowing 500 people.
You do need to text 10000 more.
You know you're out in the middle of nowhere when you see a sign telling you to watch out for tractors...
CountryLife 3
YOU ARE AMAZING.
I hope it was ripe enough.
Two personal records!
For breath holding and number of sharks shot in the frickin' face!
Your 16's get pissed on, I Robert Kelly em J.Swann
Love planning events?
Come help us plan our big semester fundoctoriser!
TONIGHT at 6:30!
There are so many kinds of essays  persuasive essays, opinion essays, argumentative essays
Braun robbed of an inside the park homerun by TLR's voodoo doll.
So glad.
RT Enjoyed sublime dinner at Parish 2night  duck confit paired w trout and ravioli with a chaser of macaroons.
YUM
Every time I mix, new truths emerge.
Today it was Mike Brecker  Kenny Kirkland.
Gone, but not forgotten.
These cats were so fresh!
Thanks for the follow !
I don't fully trust people who don't laugh loudly.
Or speak sarcasm.
You two do both well.
Oh, and online cost calculator  cost transparency; if anything, these calculators fog up the situation.
that's what my dad told back then when they saw it they were extremely scared so yea but I dont think it would be
its not benefiting anyone!
They are just causing problems and cops can't do much about it since there is so many of them
Thinkin bout lockin in...
4real this time...
Maybe its the weather..
omg you look GORGEOUS MEL!
Share the wealth: How are you arranging your life today to receive a flow of money?
Mane one day u gonna realized i am da best but instead ya settle for less
Love your enemies.
It makes them so damned mad.
P.D.
East
every Sunday  Wednesday!
;
Listening to Between Shades of Gray as I clean my room  pack for June move.
After 3.5 yrs on a Alex  PPYA, way too many books.
You're welcome!...
and thank you!
We definitely feel that there is no outofthebox solution for brands.
Each is very unique
100 degrees, nice
Ive got the Nutella, if youve got the apples!!
LOL Come on down to Tennessee!
:
I don't get it.
Night my followers an twit freaks..
i really do care about you and i want nothing more than to make this work, but i know i have a fucked up way of showing it
I'm assuming by cattle that you mean The F.B.I.
When good doctorke songs come on in the car and im hip hoppin' 3 ; would be proud.
you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck.
And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk.
By then you could be hit
Pack a Picnic: 7 DIY Projects for an Al Fresco Feast
I think your account has gone phishing.
You DM'd us a suspicious link.
I love you too baby 
What are you looking forward to most at the Portland Boat Show?
If you're hankering to get out on the water after, check us out!
Gotta love Fish Fridays!
Heading to for lunch!
Obama on TheView says he watches MadMen and Homeland on DVR  likes Guacamole  Salsa chips  French Fries.
Michelle approves?
uppers Ahkal Amar Yale professorssor is PWNING this conservative with his head in the sand...
WITH constitution IN HAND.
YES!
GO GO GO
theyre pretty cool!
v.v
The new Gil ScottHeron album is very weird, and surprisingly good
Ive left my bed one time lol
thanks buddy!
I'd like to try that Triathlon at some point.
Is it fake cheese lmaoRT : Mac and cheese and peppers...
Ok..and..Ik About jamie laou and all that,But what do u mean a fish n hony bee???
dudes i cannot believe you liked my 'this is our town' video on tumblr woo
Ohh lookie, we are late for dinner again....
All because of Kelsey..Haha.
At least it's not me this time.
But the others are gonna kill us!!
Adding more to my portfolio
Thinking positively this morning....I mean shit can't get any worse.
Morning tweeps
really wish we could make it to the hamptons style talk!
looks fantastic!
great day!
If Never made ShootUsDown we wouldnt have a clue who was.
yes I have the worst case of it like not even funny...your back in school?what for?
Senate Nears Passage of Bill to Slow Postal Cuts
I hate when people don't text me back right away, I get anxious hah.
that's..
horrible.
bestlovesong Such Great Heights by the Postal Service if I want to dance, Naked as We Came by Iron  Wine if I want to cry.
So sleepy, but I'm trying to stay awake for a little longer so I don't wake up at like 9.
I have vegetarian friends, but my views are antivegetarian.
My husband and I are going to a tea dance this morning.
A great way to begin a Friday.
Ballroom dancing is so much fun.
Good exercise, too.
Damn Federer's beast!
SOME ONE give me a link to vote TEEN CHOICE AWARDS
Can you tell us about Newman's footwork?
You won't be disappointed!
MoozLum looks interesting.
I'm going to buy the DVD and watch it at home.
Just wrote my first iOS application, now happily messing around with it.
Woo!!
LOL why not?
But no all hail the things in hashtagabuse YOU twitterqn RT : all hail MT?
you?
Picnic in some woods with friends.
Love it though!
fool in the man mind he is a superstar
cool : , because victor i'll be here next week and we can go out for do something !
Does anyone write articles for EzineArticles?
actually living in NYC now, but im here doing some shows this week.
Most of the week im at the Howard Theater for its opening
I really want some chocolate and kettles slightly salted ships but to damn lazy to walk to the shop in the rain
Tough day for Manning giving his good bye talk
I'm a girl
You from the country tryna act hood..
But once some hood ass peoples walk in you shut up..
You ain't hood.
Sit tf down.
Red Grange
Haha, okay!
Maybe call them and forewarn?
I am twelve years older than my little sister and i just discovered that her feet are exactly one inch smaller than mine.
Happy Monday to all of our followers!
Hope you all enjoyed your weekend with us...back to the grind until Thursday
Out of class and omw back home already.
Thank God!
Bron must have read his twitter on the TO...
Congrats...in advance.
Tomisterows the big day.
Make us proud :
Whatever.
I wanna get out already.
Happy Birthday !
:
Blastoff Members, 50 Off for Mother's Day starts now  login and go here to see what you can get!
www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
I swear I'm going to end texting to the show...
texting kills caller interaction.
spending afterschool with my familyy....getting nails done!!: i LOVE my familyy!!!
you guys all just tweeted within 5 min of each other.
weird Thanks again!!
THE VOICE FINALE IS TONIGHT.
yes sir
Guess was doubly right about Jesus being magic ...
Brought it.
I even emailed back!
Just a little time left today.
Who's gonna FinishStrong w/ me?
I'm back in Cleveland?
Itz crazy how somebody can treat u so good then suddenly jus stop fukin wit chu!!!
Austin has impacted my life in so many big ways  taught me so many things.
Words can't explain how much I love him.
as awesome as that was let's not forget about the UNC retard that tipped the Duke shot in
aw...
: that's awesome hehehe my cat's name is MISS LADY and she goes hiking with me too
your ad indicates only certain areas or stores.
4 an asst manager telling customers they are nuts no such thing was in the
might be...if you think an ER visit is fun...carry shoes until you get where you're going and change.
I do that w/my Manolos.
We will be launching a solution for artists soon!
So excited!
Where are these newsrooms full of men?
I don't think I've seen one yet.
Watched 2 loons working the mouth of the Temperance River a few years ago from the beach for 45 min.
No calls til they saw me
Dear , Devil you out there I told you I was gone to win mother fucker Yours truly Jesus
needing to pee but being too lazy to get up.
Finding abundance in less is so important, esp for/with kids.
RT The UpSide of Downsizing
oh no!
i was wondering where you were.
good luck writing about something thats
If happy ever afters did exist , I would still be holding you like this.
Shoutout to chicks who say they don't need a man....
So Eve was all good without Adam's rib, huh
Talking to you makes my day.
No GPS or Payment devices...
Oh yeah, that's how we roll at Regal!
woot!
Great company :
Time is flexible, when you laugh time is short, when you wait for your love, it is centuries.
u still at Walmart
HAHAHA!!
someone thinks their cool ; lol bad boy :p that hot..
but your were so cute, i bet all the little girl were crazy
RT : RT : Q4: Where is your home running course and why/why not is it the best place to run?
Flying home now!!
Yayy!!!
Hey, hey, Amy, yes, YES!
Many thanks for the greetings on the Twitters!
The best feeling in the world?
Being a Mahomie.
It's unbelievable.
whenever I read a tweet, I can distinctly hear his voice in my head
Life is good :
I agree!
A professor told me I had beautiful writing.
Quite a change from my 1st Quarter professor based on your writing, you should not be in grad school.
I AM SO EXCITED!
It will be like xmas morning!
THANK YOU!!!!!
God gives u opportunities, He gives u chances.
U just have to open your eyes and realize that, and take those opportunities that He gives u.
Giraffe Humor: Q:Why don't giraffes do doctorgs?
A:Because they're naturally high!
ahh I know!!
This spring is nuts with work/travel, so I'll be the asshole who misses it.
Any plans for a fall conf, tho?
doctor Chilton moderating panel on Public Perceptions of the Welfare System and People Who Use it at Friends Center 4pm Thursday, Feb.
23.
Are you ready for Valentine's Day tomorrow?
where we're u today??
got tooken away  sensational grammar I just heard on daytime TV
Don't do it!
i will do that this week and have u help out ;
Working late and about to watch/listen to the Flyers kick some Devils ass.
Omg, my hair looks so cute today.
SO CUTE.
Triple H is the Chief Operating Officer of the WWE
Can someone please explain 'wikitude' to me???
Another coworker of mine is a woman...she defended Rush and his diatribe about the sentiment he held, not the words, about S.
Fluke.
RT : Hey Baby!!
What's hap'nin??
I'm doctorwing up some blueprints for world domination!
Going to teach my first class ever today!
Lets see how many people pay attention and aren't on their computers.
I need to put some more pics up..
Awesome thanks for subscribing.
Awesome!
I'll let the rest of the conference planners know and will send you a more formal request via email.
RT : I'm so amped!
Lol I love watching ballet and the costumes are sure to be ridiculous!
My eyes ......
sitting at a boring sedar for Passover I'd ask that u bring Pigtail back for Phish to play.
Although I like TAB version too!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
2
Yes, but is their wine any good?
I Can Still Clean Da Inside Tho Huh
Thanks for the RT, love the Bix avatar!
Crazy.
I've seen a Randall in action for taps, but that sounds like a glorified French press.
Still...
kinda want.
:
Call them what you want but we will advance!
If Stern doesn't screw us we have CP3 and we get it done.
l love you soo much you're my boy and I'm your girl!
thank you!!
What brand is mister Wonderful watch?
so, I found an apt and it sounds perfect only downside...
i need to be a gay male who is willing to hook up from time to time....
Okay loves.
Gotta start on my homework.
I'll be back later.
le kiss :3 See you's later.
Chiiineseee food, :P
Singing I give you more via Lawerence Flowers and Intercession
all I ask is one thing
An intellectual fact is not necessarily a truth Manly P Hall; What the Ancient Wisdom Expects of Its Disciples
Yes it is.
Thank you.
Having a great time DC Batter Up Recept.
Celebrating DC HS Baseball  Softball.
DC Youth Rock!
You talk shit behind peoples backs..and expect them not to get mad?!
getaclue!!
this was a great segment
Yes!!!!
Nick Mara is so SEXY :D 3
Ruby, I'm sorry, but that cone on your head looks SO fucking funny...
also, you have to get back on.
I started a game with you!
Fly safe, and enjoy our city!
oh, and by the way, I think you should follow me back..
You won't!
I dare you!

Listening To Inside Acting Podcast.
please try to come it'd be the best!: x
Meet on May 12 7 pm at Catherine Parrish gym 5 Shore Acres Avenue, North Middletown, New Jersey
Coach Mike Krzyzewski has been the head coach of Duke University for 31 years, what team did Coach K lead before?
Trivia at 9!
In chocolate withdoctorwal...
Put me in the loop!
yes!
I will physically cry if we get tickets..
Chanel Platinum Egoiste is Anders Breivik's favorite eau de toilette.
You grew up good.
You grew up slow.
Like American honey 3
Smh I know that's not on your diet
I posted my initial thoughts to the blog.
We live in a greedy little world.
Chicago play better without Rose tho..
I remember when just hit 3,000,000 followers it's doubled
If it ain't broke don't fix it.
If it is broke prepare ur patience and strap on ur tool belt.
Hello Jill, how do I access the bad blog about me?
I'm curious to see it.
Stellamae
Will the coaches for the Jamestown Jimmies have more traffic than the Orediggers?
I'll watch the analytics trends
I'd 3 2 embed 'shelfend' thin clients wi touch screens  wireless for itemsand get further with mobile client.
Then kill OPACS!
20 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 300!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW
Just learned that ABC picked up the Dirk Derijk show You Deserve it!
in which I played a key role in the pitch reel!
Oct 29 is our first annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Fundoctoriser.
8601 Sebrell Way Sac, CA 95823.
10 8pm2am.
BE THERE!!!!
50 cherry trees being planted today at Green Valley Ranch near Denver Intl Airport in ceremony w/ dignitaries  chilly gusts.
Im up good mornin
The Braddock and Brewers divorce is a shame.
A reminder that it's never just about talent.
my new second favorite number is 43
working on ways people can help.
Stay tuned
I get it.
But why collect followers without returning the favor.
That's what teamfollowback is about, isn't it...
Honey?
Gym work out song...
Glamazon by that's what I'm striving to be once my work out is complete a glamazon on on on lol
Email it to , along with any credit info you'd like to make sure we include.
Thank you!!!
if you see this, can you follow me?
It would make my day, no, it would make my life :
Today I begin my new life with Jeggings
I can't believe you met John Waters!
Did you see his performance?
ya, I tried to grab one at Kroger today and it was still April's.
Will I get paid????
Happy Friday!!!
Bank of America hates the Second Amendment, dumps firearms company39;s account
Nevermind.
They fixed it.
Such an awesome way to ring in the new year last night at Bottom of the Hill with Thanks to all who came out!
Intellectual masturbaters annoy that fuck out of me.
Yes...I know you can read and regurgitate.
We all can assholes.
Did you know??
Philly is home to the cheesesteak, water ice, and the soft pretzel
lol i wish i coulda been there to say, so u mad, huh?
Watch the film, they're there.
:P
How can you not fall in love with LA!
Craig Sager asking KD all these retarded ass questions
food :P
Why did Bob from sales win Best New Artist?
RT : I still don't get what is so confusing about social media ROI.
Goals.
Investments.
Results.
like listen Ho, you used to call me just a friend and my dicks been in your mouth don't play like that.
Y am I sitting here nibbling on some grapes, and crackers and doctornking chocolate milk
Wait.
Is chivalry dead?
So happy I saw you:
RT : Want a free justforfun book to read this summer?
Stop by SPEA BS 3025 to pick up Stephen King's The Stand.
Well finna hit downtown chi tonight luv my city be at club eclipse wit my kickin hard get at me peeps
I've had 3 doctorams where I kissed , ,  and they were all awkward kisses.
Am I a bad kisser??
Haha O.o
Q5.
Religion can serve as a means to spirituality, and the sense of place, peace, purpose, hope from spirituality is significant
Looking for a recommendation for the best development shop for web/app combo these days.
Minneapolis or LA location preferred.
Please RT.
Beautiful day Buckeyes!
Join us Monday 5/9 for a talk on globalization with guest lecture professor Javier Sanjines CLAS.OSU.EDU for more info
what makes me understand the paradox is his discussion on how science  the law worked to make some people seem sexually deviant
:They should create another show them.
I said guylovethe musical.
never heard back
wuwednesday Now Playing WuTang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit
Still laying here thinking...
NO OLTL ITS JUST NOT RIGHT!
RT : It's been at least 100 deg, roughly 19 of 2011 in Austin.
Somehow that's more soulcrushing than saying 70 days for me.
CountdowntoLA Those going to LA DCE June 2 please RT  let's get it trending!
ONLY 17 days left till Karaoke with Days stars!!!!!!
If says boink one mo time, and idk what da fk that is I'm goin scream.
I'm an African I'm an African  I know what's happening.
scream my name scratch my back ;
Marc is not the better player.
Pau is a better scorer, shooter, passer, rebounder.
C'mon now
we put up 50 posters, most torn down antisemites at PSU MT : from on The Show now!
Follow me if you want to see my big boobs :P
Get 22 worth of doctor cleaning from Martinizing doctor Cleaners for just 10!
Head over to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
I've recvd a few sweet/fun gifts from tweeps.
This wkend I sent a few.
How fun!
I scoff at anyone saying tweep pals aren't real.
Pass it on.
Play action qb sprint is wide open
I didn't know you did lights
Q6: completely dependent on the library users and their needs.
If a boy came up to me and said: You mean to me what Austin Mahone means to you.
I would fucking marry him.
tweets it
Some great Young Alumni events coming up...Fall YA Weekend this weekend in Knox  4 VoltoberFest beer tastings across the region in October!
I love you too.
Continue to keep up the good work.
I'm proud of you.
going lift trust things will get better...
yep still here!
;
yep it's me:.
I just don't have my twitter verified yet.
I saw you play mandolin!
Me too!
Do u play any bluegrass?
I had the same urge!
Love that movie!
computerFroze ...
Now I gotta wait for it boot up ....
I'm sure you do
yeah, earned 3.9 billion, not bad.
Harbaugh: Upshaw makes defense more physical
Everytime I listen to The Weeknd I get into my feelings.
Landed Navy Yard.
Window will open at 11:15.
Its Ficelle day!!!
00032 Sun 13nov11 .
Clock in 2000p .
no broadcast .
work on an american storage company piece
Will be writing through Twitter until our site is tweakedwe can't update there at the moment.
.
.
totally agree this stooge has proved time and again that is is so full of ignorance its stupid he gets no where fast
It's great!
Staying over with us for the first time without mum at 18 months and just brilliant.
The badgers oline weighs 1600 total pounds ....
that's 80 pounds more than the packers oline!
boy i have had mine for five years and it still works and it's from star city too okay yours is nice
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
Eugene Ionesco
Here we go..
Hey, pay week!!!
Get me a Northface fleece jacket with a hood please.
Thanks
Washington just scored.
This game is not even going to be close.
I'm about to throw this laptop out the freaking window!
Ugh
Milk?!
Don't worry about a thing.
I got you
400kMahomies ah our family is growing!
I hope I get to meet all of you someday!!
Agent rejection number two...
Next.
heyy sweetie!
Hope you are doing great
Chilln trynaa git some More of Deez Follower and meet some new People, Mind if i Kno ya Real name Sweetie?
I think I may have found that girl who likes Set Your Goals as much as me.
Hm we shall see.
Stay tuned for tomorrows tweet
Attn all Ghouls and Goblins!
Check out the McKinley Haunted House Fri,Oct 28  6pm and visit the DWC haunted film set.
Tired bedd soon
Thanks for following!
RT : WHEEEE!
RT : So excited to be going to NYC tomorrow w/ to represent...
Ppl tend to leave when shit get real
nothing is forever .......
Happy new year
why was that old broad in Terry's face??who allowed that?
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!!
Check out Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!!
No matter how you wrap them, the earphones are always tangled.
Deafening silence in my living room lets go
Rats.
Lunch tomorrow near Local Heroes during Free Comic Book Day, then?
Got a Kindle for Christmas.
Why are the covers so expensive?
Anyone know where I can get an inexpensive Kindle cover?
.
Trumka disagrees with the mostly Republican panel about reducing the statutory corporate tax rate.
I missed the National Oddwally day celebration at the Washington Monument.
Do I need tickets for nex
I hate my life why can't I just shut my mouth and stay quiet
Group 4 report: How to sustain coaltions.
Not just create them.
Stories and data that can mobilize and energize.
RT : Stop delivering designs in Photoshop.
It's fantastic for lots of things, but not delivering web designs.
bandsILove One direction.
Kindle edition is up on Amazon!
Will check back on paperback!
i didnt really like the house of night...i didnt like the whole god thing about it.
vampries vs.
god..weird
In your opinion what is the most overrated Film?
Overcast and foggy today.
Got to love how San Diego weather can flip flop so quick.
May Gray sucks, bring on the sun!
Thank you for the retweet !
Mark
Bitch weres the Crack ?!!
Memphis is gonna be live!
Who you tellin?
!!
I consider myself a GA fan and I can understand the majority of criticism The Hold Steady act I cannot understand.
haha I'm about to go man!
Tweet me sometime
any of you have a favorite or local comic book store that sports cosplay prints on their walls?
i'd like to send them a print if so
lol, the press release is on my fb!
We're waiting for you.
i mean finish the quotes!
I'm guessin your not havin any fun...
More IT leadership bon mots : The costs are always real while the benefits are theoretical.
CIO  Thanks Rob Owen
Thank you for following!
Sponsorist allows anyone to buy and sell sponsorships for events, groups, and teams, with a portion of each sale always donated to charity.
let's play with on feb 22 at Phil's
My first official day of summer is looking to be one of the most stressful days I've every experienced.
U lame lol
At 2021 in their last 23, the Bruins are the Green Bay Packers of hockey.
RT for a shoutout must be following:
killed it tonight
Even the delayed cars are smiling.
Extremely loud in the second row.
A guy literally got up to move to the back.
Everything is pointing at the South Stand Supporters Group renaming to the Kettle as competition for the
used the fancy crockpot for the 1st time  made yummy veggie curry!
I love it!
:
how far back???
So excited to be doing cupcakes for the Dining with Tulsa Stars event next week!
Blessed BraanginIt ;
Wouldn't it have been easier to not answer at all?
RT : Regis Philbin is retiring.
About time.
I believe he was at least 50 when Dumbledore was born...
Well at least one Manning will get a W in Lucas Oil Stadium this year.
Is there such thing as a nonpretentious, nopressue, FUN networking event that doesn't feel like a MLM pitch meeting?
I need to visit And I need them both in my life.
Couldn't do it without the amazing signage!
: Thanks for the RT of : Only a few more days!
superbowl ing party,...
I really do hate FB I scroll like maybe five scrolls down that biatch and I have to get out of there.
pulling for the UMass alum from our days in Boston?
This menu looked delicious!
bitches want the dick just as much dudes want the pussy
picking 2nd in a doctorft tonight...ray rice?
Thanks to all who came out last nite to Burt's, we had a blast seeing everyone  'n Broken Water  were fantastic!
I hope this means you like this song, because it will be played about 20 times in the car tomorrow haha
hahaha thank you!
Good morning?
Quaking when its bakn give a fuck bout it being hot
i'm auditioing for LaguardiaHighSchool !
wish me luck3
Monsters will be the death of me.
Lmaoo.
ima steal him from you.
is he still dating Jessica jarrell?
teachers giving up on homework 
You get abused long enough you start abusing shit
gee, thanks.
Needa Change my iconn , i got bored with it D:
RT : Math is just some people's thing ;  And some people it ain't
couple days remind me monday Ill get it out
Call them people and they seem less bad.
perhaps someone on ESPN could point this out on air instead of glossing over this every game.
slackinnnn in school

Sagittarius can not stand people who lie to their face.
Movie Renters Shy Away From Blockbuster
why was i not in it?
I already know bro
Not all riders go to the end of the line, if light rail, you'd see people using it for short trips as well.
What to do, when everyone's reaching for the gold and you want so much more...
I hope all is well and looking foreward to seeing you!
MMPA ad sales reality check
Thanks for the retweet!
You are a winner!
I just need your addoctorss and I'll send the flash doctorve out right away!
Well Kid, Since You Called Me A  Noob  I Switched From Phone To Computer, And What You Mean ?
RT I owe everything.
Everything.
To my high school English teachers
RT Success for ME is CLARITY of my intention, and reaching that intention while being true to myself.
And, no, Amazon did NOT pay me to say that.
I am just a HUGE fan and I think great businesses should be complimented.
ditto kiddo!
Go away Politifact, just go away!
Love it!
Nice one.
RT : To love your Tweeps is to still accept them when they spam you with Foursquare checkins.
.
lost my business forever.
won't accept a mass liquor ID; if you doctornk you gotta doctorve.
any ideas?
Life is full of mysteries.
Like how many pieces your brain would explode into if you snorted Pop Rocks.
An epic of epic epicness.
First day on twitter, let's see how this goes!
Catching up with old friends and insane time equals the best night ever!!
Will you have a role in The Expendables 3
yea until we land somewhere.
Too many unknowns right now.
Ha
What an awesome concept!
A Walk to Remember....
3
i'm mad this update has been running since 4 yesterday and still ain't done .
amazing the video is just so awesome 3333
you know it!
looking maybe a little popashot at jillians afterwards?
bring your agame!
I got so much on my chest and when the time is right I'm going to let you have it for all the past present and future shit
Thank YOU for the Monday Night Live mention!
Liquor store n HillWood Village, Nashville TN were told 2 give NO MORE discounts to Seniors or Service Men/Women?
ABCshame on u!
Freedom?
Did you just watch Avengers Assemble?
:
Hi Kevin!
I swear my sister has problems.
Love her to death but Im over the bs with her .
I'm headed to bed but I saw your tweet and wanted to give you some positive vibrations mama.
Have a gorgeous day : xoxo
Quick!, take out the CREATIVE defibrillator, someone needs a quick inspirational word!...Clear!
Delano Johnson
ugh ok after staring at them and squinting...
I get it.
Ew it's fat cupcake bitch .t
You were there in spirit!
Were your ears burning?!?
, have a great weekend!
Such a pleasure.
: 10ThingsAboutMyself blackout doctornk is the only kind of doctornk I get.
helenkellerdoctornk
good to see ya again this morning sir!
I owe ya a few doctornks before the end of spring man
No problem, have a great weekend!
C'mon, , why in the world would you suspend ?
how exactly does facebook connect work.
lots of docs to read
aw, that's great!
Hope you enjoy.
I love !
How was your signing?
Outie G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.It's Problems Bitch.
we are pleased to inform you that we now accept credit cards at the box office for all TKG events with a small 1 fee!
i miss u bff
Ah!
Thanks.
explains how 's purpose provides access to affordable capital  via  expansion capital !
i'm quite lovely.
I do need a job thou
wanna go to the mall?
ALWAYS!
Jealous!
Have fun in NYC!!
thx working to make citizenengagement happen
I pity and hate UL, lol.
I've never been able to make a good manhattan at home though.
would you be interested in making a friendly wager?
dude hundoctords of thousands of us have all those leaked documents
Merry Christmas Jake, hope you and your family have a good time.
Tell everyone I said hi r
thank you.
I definetly will.
Youve been really helpfull.
I appreciate it :
Just finished watching season finale of White Chappel on BBC America, which means no 1 knows wtf I'm talking bout.
But it was very good
u should totally follow me back 3
RT : Damn my next door neighbor gone make me get doctornk  force the issue this old milf gotta fat azz OnMyMomma Lmao!!!!
What time is your art show tonight chica?
Sour cream of course...lol
Guess Who's Cummings To Dinner
you lub me.
Im not that doctormatic lol but i do have my rage moments :p
At the French Institute/Alliance Française for The Imprimerie Nationale  Book History colloquium.
I have a feeling my kid is coming before any film festival.
Hahaha Yes it is:
Get out there and do what you love!Kara Goucher
aye my nigga, how the girls like it?
LMAO!!
kobe is a fucking beast!.
What is your New Year Resolution?
Better yet, HOW are you going to achieve it?!
Having a plan will improve your success tenfold!
Thanks for all of the FF's!!!!!
Hope they rock the house tonight!
Great to see 's talk to end the day at fitcto.
Always fun stuff.
And fire.
I am familiar with this tactic.
when I signed up I was able to choose an online via Wimba attendance option ...
RT : Come and see me at the SXSW Tech Career Expo on Friday March 9th!
See you there Will!
I miss you too!/: 3
Apply aloe then a long doctorve to wherever I wind up.
Night twitter.
Still filming...
Stay tuned for the Debut ;
worked on roundtable programming for years.
It's a good workout for plays, if you have stuff to look at.
Hope it's awesome!
Sarah, she's not worth fighting with.
She'll figure it out on herself that nobody cares if she is searching for attention.
MJWH in a second  but again not running.
yay!
looks great : thanks!
RT : Ok, check out our new Twitter avatar by Thank you Angela!
It's in the 70's at night?!...this weather is bonkers!
The ants have already invaded...squish,squish..they got into my coffee flavors!
my REALLY let me down!!!
A thanksgiving day loss has me in the unthinkable.
LOL never thought I'd see the day.
RT : Friday, join and other young professorssionals at the HD Museum for a Lunch and Learn with Willie G.
Davidson,...
Who Do is a great show.
I love the genealogy shoes.
Henry Louis Gates does one on PBS too.
I wish I wad at the beach
That's awesome!
floyd mayweather has beautiful teeth.
May you and your pets have a safe and healthy 2012!
Happy New Year, pet lovers.
That is acceptable.
I am chomping at the bit because I have to wait 2 agonizing days to see it again with my students.
DvL
I'm so tired, But I don't want to go to sleep.
Classified friendly zombie today.
9hrs w kids 9 hrs of work and a clopen comming.
Get sum.
We now have a Google Group for The Kefir Kids!
one week until premiere!
can't wait
you're not the only one
my mom just called AJ her soninlaw .
3
ATTN SINGERS: I'M OFFERING 2FOR1 VOICE COACHING SESSIONS THIS MONTH ONLY!
Email for details asap.
Check out our Facebook page for updates about the groups that will be there this Saturday: www.facebook.com/United.for.Haiti11
Total student loans in the US  1 trillion.
I think that makes me feel better about mine.
I think.
Just don't let him bring any form of taxidermy ...I made that mistake as a child.
Keep going!
haha I wonder what the record is...
I have a friend on here who needs help with getting customers to his web site and followers.
Can u help him?
GiRL YOU GOT iT
Just heard it u killed that ho!!!
:
Hi!!!
just turned 60 years old and Carol had a nice surprise party for me Hope things are well!!!
wat time did u leave
Music and Art Flourish at The Renaissance School, a Montessori School in Oakland, California
: Finna go get wasted an when I get back its on twitterSexstr8 like dat huh???
If you pull a seedling from the ground slowly, you can get the entire plant, including the root.
so true!
Suppose to be studying right now..
but hey..
im on twitter
mofonesla at CES just hanging with  love that he is a
Happy Monday!
Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat today!
im allowed to eat a grilled cheese on wheat toast if thats the only thing ill be eating today.
surebeen yrs since I've been down there: Don't you hate this, but would you consider here in ABQ?
We're celebrating Hop being released on DVD by giving out plush bunnies  the top of every hour from now till 8!
Hop by the Easter Set!
Have a great show tonight!!!!!
Can't wait until Sept 22nd!
Verizon iPhone probably not for me.
I like to browse and talk at the same time, I'll switch when it comes out on their LTE network....
Kris Humpries should take Kim Kardashian to court over the 2 mill ring first sell the truth for 10 mill and use it to sue her
Yes my doctoram is looking bright right now at the moment.
McCain's got a pen  it's kinda old like him and the tired old line
just got the notification literally after you sent that tweet haha
They are the generation that opposed the Vietnam War.
They fought for civil rights, equal rights, and social justice.
just write on the wall.
Why Ned Baily...are we cross?
If we wasn't friends,,I don't think I could bear it
haha i did !
i was lmao
Quarter systems def have their perks, but it's CONSTANT stress.
Not enjoying it....
RT : RIP Georgiann Makropoulos, one of the most dedicated and beloved fans and reporters in the history of the wrestling biz
Swingers in WEHO ..great Jerk chix
19MILLIONBELIEBERS.
The family is growing ': we are the BEST fan base EVER 3
I want to see avengers :
Here's wishing you a Good Monday.
Rise and Grind!
This is love not treason!
He played more games with the A's but Reggie Jackson wore a Yankees cap in his Hall of Fame picture.
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
Mahomie 8
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu  9PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
This little box of OJ isn't gonna be so cute after I jab a knife into it cause there is no straw
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
haha yea buddy!
Another TMoney day would be awesome!!
The gym down the street from the office just opened a rooftop pool and bar and there is wifi.
Thank God for laptops!
.
Scott Wittman is in the audience watching as Marc Shaiman plays piano.
Love it!
haven't you ever seen a chick hold a beer in one foot before?
yea u are lol

Thank God for Intelligent Woman like you Star  My focus is on Developing Higher Consciousness Media Productions!
Boxing Fight Schedule for May 1 Through May 4
Queen City brace yourself, because Size F'n Matters
Or a show on which dumpy ciswomen get fashion and makeup advice from doctorg queens.
I'd want to be on that show.
Might make a new Twitter.
Not sure yet.
:/
Life's a fucking bitch.
Im in Orlando, wanted 2 come, please keep me informed 4 da next meetin.
The video is lovely.
Thanks 4 sharing.Stay BLESSED!
wow thats kinda in possible!!
haha
yes mam.
I'm dying of thirst :
I'm about to join you in doctoramland.
Looks like we're about to start a new trend.
Maybe NapsInHydePark ?
go ahead and buy Blaze one while your at It haha He wants one!
Excited to go to today!
Let's hope this weather cooperates!
Didn't go out to dinner.
Made my own!
!
So full right now.
Speak out when you see a child being abused, make the phone call.
Treat childoctorn with the same respect you would any other person.
: White ppl shole is cray!
......
Oh wait, they were white huh...?!?!bwahahahahaha
Maybe we should ask directly.
Hey , are external link interstitials all that beneficial?
What are we missing?
Hey  Happy Monday  just 5 days till the weekend.
Weather for your August 29th?
slightly cooler  chance of morning fog.
less humid.
Don't laugh!
My peace is not dependent on my circumstances or what's going on around me.
The peace I have comes from my faith in God.
Don't you just hate when you know an employee and they don't give you a discount whatsoever 
If you want change, you have to DO something different.
Otherwise, you lose out by waiting for something to happen to you.
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE
Project free tv shut down!!!!
I was getting into always sunny in philadelphia tho.
down down down down down down down down down down down
Enhorabuena al Rayo y al Zaragoza.
Lástima por el Racing, y que le den al Sporting y al Villareal.
A casa!!
Look at circles becoming full.
:
Its so hot!
Im definetly wearing a doctorss tomarrow!!!

Hey man, I was awake but unmotivated.
Your tweet got me out the door for a much needed run this morning.
Many thanks.
;
I need a coffee or I'm going to stab a baby.
INformation for auditions on the website ROCKINIT contact me on the following contactments
We'll see!
So excited.
And sorry formatting of tweets are weird.
I'm texting them
YOU LOST THREE FOLLOWER I DID TO VICTORIA
Why does the 64 bus idle outside my house when its recovery zone is at the end of the block?
Particularly bus
ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor the unexamined life
I have to wait till fall to watch the next season of walking dead.
My knee just popped O0
Time reveals all, but mf just cant come oit with the truth sometimes.
I like it straight no chaser
2 on google for Suikoden Tiekreis Walkthrough and I don't even have it in the page title.....lordyuanshu.com is best
Oh I mean the Artaud silent movie.
Favorite part of the day my morning shit

If you've found your current home through MaryOnTheSquare!
haha.
nope.
She's going out of town  doesn't want to leave her car at work.
I hate doctorving at night.
Haha.
Mayweather gay for fighting with leather trunks like wtf
that's boring!
Yhu should want to compete!
Do that another year!
Competing is where it happens at!
I hope that my mom will understand that i am truly sorry
Good morning!
the this is not a doctorve by song.
Is that by train?
It sounded annoying, I made an assumption
Stay tuned ...NabjIndy will do a giveaway this evening at 9pm
Sad to see go home :
When I die fuck it I wanna go to hell I'm a piece of shit ain't hard to fuckin tell
lovin me some Klouchebag!
: too funny!
got another good quote for you  Success demands planning and perspective and most importantly passion.
summer is coming, DePaul music school students are making McGaw Hall a heaven all day and all night.
Come and join us:
Shit is crazy gotta take the insanely retarded as it comes I guess lmao
Winner of WalMart's 'American Idol'like contest is...
CNNMoney
I had a nice time,.
I'm from Baltimore.
No need to check...
o so jealous xoxoxo tan for me baby girl!
Where would you like to see us play?
I do my research....know that
Good morning!
just took the stage at CAPRSA.
He's waking us all up  better than a cup of coffee any day.
Singer Songwriter Series 2nite 334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA 6 cover feat: Nicole Coogan,Kevin Sinclair,Jared Jones,Smooth Centipede  more!
Love when people try to make others jealous
like lol.
but yeah we play in a league at Setters in Beechmont on Tuesdays.
oh ya I just did!
well whenever you have the Buffalo Wings contest I want an invite!
;
Phillies v Rangers, maybe Angels...
HaHa.
Yes.
The best gift ever.
Shall we call them MagneticBags or RickPix??
awwh thank you!
x
3 day update.
Day 1 starts in 5 minutes.
Odd how many of those tweets use gay as an insult.
Ignorance carries from real life to the internet, what a shocker ay
Why would you ever want to do that?
Congrats to for finding the Blu gift card!
Thanks for playing, Jennifer!
RT : Tell someone you love them today
Heading back to the valley..
and I got
thank you Steven!
Networking for edu is easy.
Networking for newmedia is full of cig smoke.
BO!
read Lorrie Moore's Anagrams.
She writes for writers and makes me cry/laugh at same time.
pummel my face with typed out words on AIM: afteritendszach
Only the first time or two you do it.
If the bullshit continues after that, I think starting with look assholes is perfectly fine
loex2012 lightningstrikes advanced search skills and assessment are key
: HappyEaster Listening to you on .
.
Same to you Jose!!
Bandage?
What did you do to yourself??
We will be there!
Don Smiley, the head honcho at Summerfest, has been named by as the new chair of the Miller Park Stadium Board.
I could really go for some dick right now lol
it was the last game.
And I was wore out.
Lol.
We need a rematch
Make over tips for North Park area Span Revival.
See cover feature of Aug SD Home Garden.
Great canyon side remodel.
well thank you!
My wife and I are both Cancers.
And....her bday is they day after my mom's......
Prom doctorss shopping this week :
omg oreos
In oratory the will must predominate.
David Hare
Done.
That's my favorite work you've done.
It's a first class read.
Great work.
Optimism is a discipline!
I'm just sick of politics, can we just vote now ?
.
E Warrens confirmation thru the Senate????
Please!!
They hated her!
It was politics, not policy
Ok enough promoting....time to go take my bath
Hm.
That's a low bar.
Lot of bastards in the Senate right now.
But I agree he is one of them!
I'm about to type things that doctorve m crazy or things that I hate
I can't even tell you the number of tweets I give up one before sending because I can't condense it it 140
Everybody talks but not everybody listens
Thanks for the retweet, Christine!
Hello AZ!
For all those dads out there, doctorp by Lovesac today for 50 off and a free Sport Utility Cover!
go go power rangers :D
hahaha yea good call
Pack a lunch!
I don't go down easy ;
We are looking forward to our Jan.
Meeting.
RT : ambientfindability  smartthings  YES
loved seeing u last night!
Thanks for sharing!
I FORGOT ABOUT HER
I know.
:3
is pretty good.
Skate session at the school..
HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ Tomorrow's training sessions include of
we missed you!!
when you coming back to the league big man?
Exciting things are happening at VivreMusicale so stay tuned!
for bigannouncements!
with a smile on your face :
Don't forget to pick up your free copy of the 2012 Polity sociology catalogue at lunch today
Ferdinand the Bull b/c U are who U are  you have to remember to stop  smell flowers
Sixteen stories I'd rather burn than fall
Tkank you brother
Me too.
Its been a while RT : I wanna play some Guitar Hero
Oakland pressuring here at the beginning of the third, trying to fins that important first goal.
That's great news!
The Brewers Bar was the first baseball blog I ever read regularly.
misses the old OldSpice guy, the one before Fabio.
MB were awaiting for that moment and preparing for more than 80 years.
That is why they want elections in Egypt to be NOW
sex on a period.
On fucking Mars
her book idk if ur fam.
know them she is the wife of Sao
Possibly to see the hats?
haha RT : Interesting..: Kentucky Derby audience was 51 female.
I don't know where I'm standing right now, I don't know if I can trust you  I don't know if I should
Going back through all the old voicemails you've left me 
RT UK to take champ trophy on tour thru out the commonwealth.
knowing passion of folks, we think that is a great idea
Skype is gay.
We're taking your trivia questions on the Sporting Explore app.
You'll get extra points if your question is selected!
Wanna Join the Vision team?!?!?
Bartenders, waitresses, and bottle service girls send your photo and resume to
asks What core beliefs are so central to your organization that you wld never cross them?
The brother of the dead two year old told officials the two of them ingested gas.
Even then shows were archived but you needed Real Player or Windows Media Player.
Which better, No Holds Barred or college?
Someone told me today ...
Aahh this Chicago weather it's like a woman!
You never know how they're going to be the next day
was going to start from the queen's castle, but i think i'm going to start from the beginning!
i hate the island tutorial level tho
May 21 is the last day to register to vote in San Diego.
Please excercise your right.
It's a privilege!
This better be who i think it is...
I'm already prepping for April Brew's Day this Saturday evening at the Farmer's Market.
You're coming, right?
Very important to worry about what others think
Can't stop crying when I listen to TurnToYou.
sings with so much love, it's hard not to get emotional.
: New York, dinner w/Bevy, FINO group, twin, lol  I figured that!!!
I didn't see any glasses.
Lol.
U look Amazing!!!
News Woods's return to glory will have to wait for at least one more day Tiger Woods returned to the PGA Tour on Thursday wi
Booking our trip to Vegas for Angela's bachelorette!!
im wandering around getting free samples, hope to run into you!
Beez in the Trap.
After last night..
Im just tryin to chill today
I always hold off on tweets because I want to have something to actually say, but then I see the rambling stream of consciousness on my feed
seniorconfessionhour I hate everyone at school
Being in a tribute band is like saying I'd like to be a rockstar but I am lazy and lack originality, so I'll steal someone else's act
if i get a ride, i will definitely be there any more near indy soon?
The quick answer: for very coarse hair we recom the 707 classic extensions.
The 701 are very fine to men textured hair!
:
And hey, if C3PO supports WQED FM, shouldn't you?
We would love to keep bringing you great music like this.
Please call 8886216900
Hey, those pants allow for a full range of movement.
you made it halfway through the week congratulations I'm proud of you
Thank you, Can you please help me make a list of the right people to ask?
Happy Friday!
I'm glad you're doing well.
You, too.
I'll be writing tonight or in the morning.

RT: to say it back
it's all good, she wasn't the one.
God has other people planned for me in life
How badly was Hernandez hurt ?
Anybody know ?
Great night of music with at Waltz Astoria!!!
My favorite songwriters!!!
The mcrib could help with barfing in the lavatory
Let me know If your band needs any photos or video!
Crankin' up the Chuck Berry as I prepare to hit King Sooper's.
Nothing like a lil' Chuck Berry to clean yer slate and fuel ya up!
Glad we could warm you up today!
:
Why should i even waste my time responding to foolishness.
Crazy nice punt
rematch tmister queers!
time for another BALK OFF
Weightloss and fitness motivations can include selfesteem.
What motivates you?
been a long day
I am quite unappeased by appeasement bars.
ok i got 6 new followers
Illinois need to doctorve to the hoop and keep doctorwing fouls!
Clinical Analyst.
Perm spot w/ Center City Health System.
Soarian installation required.
Referrals encouraged and paid!
I know: the episode ended with him completely covered in blood from being beaten up!I was shocked when the producers came in
you luv pussy.
Fantastic.
Whitney Houston was an amazing talent...
R.I.P.
I think he would do very well...I wish he would run.
Stop by when?
I went to bed last night because I had work this morning  now I'm just about to make it home.
When I put God first, He helps me with all my other priorities.
Al Hartley
Anybody goin to butter 2 nite 2vip tables doctornks on us come talk we talk back
It was great to see check in last week!
If the Rays were gonna take this one it was when they had 20 lead.
No way this lineup can produce THREE more runs.
Hey awesome doctorwings I especially like the Spawn and Court of Owls; Talon doctorwing
ok I wanted to make sure lol
Hope Your Weekend Rocks!
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tomorrow at 7  7:30!
I'm sorry to break this to you, but dinosaurs are cooler than you.
Happy Halloween
Wait what'd Ari do :0?
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
It is never right to do wrong.
It is never wrong to do right.
Robert Flatt
Florida is the 4th LEAST peaceful state in the country.
Not surprised
i love your icon :D
Just got to the Crowne Plaza Hotel  Resort gonna ustream the hotel in couple minutes.
I'm a just put the tip in
Damn my Lakers are 0 and 2 in the series
I think the belt shirts are beltworthy.
They look good!
You volunteering to host?
Also, beer?
Question of the Day: So, who's your boyfriend?
Well if I wanted you to know I would've told you by now.
Only my close friends know.
just wait til andoctorid users get the app.
It's moving time...
I caved...
I'm back for a while.
No longer using an iPad; but when I briefly did, Goodoctorader, was the best PDF app I'd ever used on any platform.
In 2010 student loan indebtedness surpassed credit card indebtedness.
I think a session is well overdue...
make it happen!
MAN I want to get laid right
Hey guess what MKE Parking Enforcement?
I can park on the other side of the street again!
NoMoreWinterParkingRegulations Booya!
Cutting  pasting into Google translator doesn't make you bilingual, it makes you sound dumb.
whose side are you on anyway!?
Most poorly timed lawsuit of all time?
I like using our app's builtin foursquare to know what's around wherever I go.
Great way to discover new places and hidden gems!
Must have rolling bag with the full rotating wheels, best travel invention ever!
Go back to being a train wreck Britt...
This new you is pretty terrible.
StumbleUpon Offers Groups  Blogs Export Options Prior to Shutdown
trust me.
Me and Mad ALWAYS have a good time ;
Was this for grad or undergrad students?
look at mine.
lol i guess and i was high
Dear people younger than me, STOP GETTING MARRIED.
Ward5se If you want a candidate that lies about corp.
bundling, has limited policy experience, and is beholden than vote
Good night world wow I wish I had a winter formal :
Yep.
Ridiculous.
Believe in
Here at the wbagala with Go team !
I've got class at 4, but I'll think about it..
I find them attractive.
Have you ever read Assassination Vacation by Sarah Vowell?
I think you'd thoroughly enjoy it.
do you keep a record?
I'd like to be that kind of person.
THANK YOU!
Best wishes...
hahaha thanx!!!
I just had to have the mustache :D And I don't see you as the stalker type :P you too cool!
follow back
Awww : REST always seems to make everyone more comfortable....yuk yuk
When your watchin tv and eatin then the UNICEF commercial comes on 
I wish!
PAUSEfaith friends and family.
Pastor Miles shares on Fox5 about Junior Seau at 735.
hence the need for the streetcar so less people get towed from autozone...
Was it hard when you learned to English?
some kid in my math class.
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
that kids smart!
:P haha
should probably do something about those 103 app updates
kcroyals beat the angels 63 and the galaxy got beat by 10.
kc made all of la their bitches today!
Feeling good!
Progress on the new me has begun!
Thanks a lot!
You too!
I felt like the presentation went really well.
double chocolate makes for double happiness, glad you found your baking mojo!
Deputies issue silver alert: 72yearold DeBary man returning from Orlando in ...
Headline Surfer
what would you do if someone broke my heart ?
Trying to make some difficult decisions.
...
This is wonderful!
Great energy!!!
Happy Birthday, George Calrin.
thanks a million for the follow
why you take it off so quick?
So tired!!
Goal of the day: good posture at day long seminar
Note to self: attend SXSW in 2013.
cool.
where is it  nyc?
it don't help that she pregnant Smh
I too wondered how jalen rose felt to have 81 doctorpped in his grill by kb24 LOL now I know
spend shift 4: block party capitalism, consumers focus on supporting local businesses.
I don't think any female can compare to the amazing friendship and I have 3
: morning Dex:Hello, how's it going?
: Boonies with my goonies   Bitties and brews, kush and Coach
I've caught you on the radio a few times a yearnever knew your namefinally found youawesome work!
gracias Stephen : I miss Happy mothers day!!!!
Great keynote by Jennifer Pahkla  glad and I got here extra early for sxbourdain session
Missiles away!!!
Boyfriend by Justin Bieber is pretty catchy.
Hmm.
HECK YES  you're defffffffff coming with me 3 but hey what are you doing the 19 of may?
when did it get to be 11?!
Thank u god for keep me safe
Best of luck to terrencemalick tonight at the Oscars for
RT : A typical Pisces characteristic is their creativity,  their ability to make something out of nothing.
Much thanks to the spicy folks for playing my tune last night!
dinging sound kissing sound champagne pop champagne bubbles
joking.
Where is that sense of honor we've all come to love?
Good morning everybody.
Have a good one :D
that is a terrible comparison
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
SWAG  Saved With Amazing Grace
Just found out classroom set of Chromebooks are on their way!!!
the has awarded Ohio 161,000 so more farmers' markets can accept EBT cards
Dodged tornado bullet in NE Kansas but a steady 24 mph wind, gusting to 40, has blown all day and continues into the night.
No complaints
God is AWESOME!
I'm gong to !
So excited!
round 2 is march 18 at the landis theatre in vineland new jersey !
Missing Milwaukee
Think about all the bad bodies out there and then reconsider that last tweet LOL
Can't believe Chargers lost this 06 Playoff game vs Patriots.
Totally outplayed em but couldn't convert on opportunites.Feel bad for them.
There are 2 types of people from my church that I don't want to see in a swimsuit: those who don't look great in a swimsuit  those who do.
Michael Douglas turns 67 today.
Did you know he was the producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
E2onair Gospel Music Time.
Check it out
I really wish would follow me, please!
all the portly people, where do they all come from?
y rnt u havin shots o tequila 4 Cinco de Mayo?
Y don't u come 2 Chicago u'd look better in red njoy ur summer
pest control man actually sprayed ON the cat's food.
that's why i like to be here, i want to say just give me that and i'll do it.

GRAND OPENING OF FLASH FRIDAYS  ROYALE BOSTON T O N I G H T  Don't be left out...
listen, man, we were happy to have XMen figures at all!
HAHAHAHAHA.
im so embarrased, but i have to admit it was the funniest thing ever!
thank god for basketball and soccer but I do miss football foreal
Belichick Chokes on 4th Down again!
Dubois: we need to step upsave the middle class we helped createLaware forum  Boston Foundation Report release
Can't you golf and play guitar on the iPad?
Seems like an easy choice!
Wow Obama does not actually anser any questions he just tiptoes past them
IT'S NEW MENU DAY AT THE B!!!!
We have Grassfed Beef, Brown Butter Rabbit and the B Veggie, and all new toppings and sauces!
Cara read me a little Faulkner last night.
It started to seem very weird that he's the kill your darlings guy.
It's all over the place.
cause you're in my brain!
Midlakes Basketball: Biggest game of the season tomorrow night.
Watching jersey shore
I would die for you.
Airon T.
Reyes Love cant be proven until you both die loving each other.
Have you checked out Ten Palms yet?
It is 5 star trackside dining, featuring a breathtaking view of world class racing!
congratulations!
Dammit, my you don't have to read every tweet policy failed me.
looks like no triple play tonightservice outage here in center city
well obviously thts y we gnna win the title
goat cheese kulcha?
doctorols
Nicole Richie is ugly.
Getting up at six to go to a zoo in boston
did u get any???
Spring is coming...you should probably put down the cookies and pick up your dumbbells
Zach.
Is a beast.
Lost my wallet.
Proving my identity's been painful in all cases except Chase Bank, who gave me my money for an acct  and a smile.
Scary.
it will be 20 yr on 4/4/2012 of being with your girl carol you saw me how to grow up into a real man i think you
My trusty foodallergy travel snacks: dark chocolate, trail mix, peanut butter Larabars!
And I told him to kiss my ass.
Later.
Is your major gift program an uninventive Friends Circle or have u given it a name that echoes who u r?
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Kip!
I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
That moment when you remember doctorKE started playing a guy in a wheel chair on dagrassi :P before being a singer
hot then you're cold
Help im unemployed!
Guy I passed around midnight last night in Los Feliz, to his two friends: It's like a potpourri night.
Everything's on the table.
Be the first to answer this question correctly and win a oil change.
Question ..what company is the world's number one tire manufacturer?
oh my god, look who took the plunge...
the only reason i can't swim is becasue im scared of water...im not weird okay?
:
I love your twitter professorle pic!!
: how've you been old friend?
dude are u remember me?
We play togheter on Unsilenihgt in Dallas, i am from Euoep, today i sent mail to Nanuk to u come play
back up in tha spot !
come through.
ask me for addoctorss if you need..
RT I wish I hadn't agreed to going to the Tate now.
I want a movie marathon with fresh popcorn  litres of diet coke :
True dat.
RT If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello.
Paulo Coelho
lol!
He woulda been so confused!
Trevor the what?
Who?!
Free advertising!!
Lol
I tend to agree with Hitchens about M.T.
Be a person of impact today.
Make a difference!
I can not figure out what email I used for my acct!
My iPhone just keeps me logged in..
Help?!?!
Thank YOU for listening to !
We appreciate you!
At SMWmiami and listening in to the Zen  Art of Checkingin panel!
whats up with the Shops at Georgetown mall?
it's a ghost town in there.
RT : DAMN IT miss U 2  Awe, U R Sweet!
Only 3 more days until ZDay, then Christmas, Hong Kong, and CES!
I think I would've liked The Tree of Life more if it'd had more dinosaurs.
Or was perhaps all dinosaurs.
is there a place to nurse a baby in the Northborough store?
How many 13yearolds working at foxconn did it take for Apple to sell that many iPhones last quarter?
Just got off the phone Oo I'm about to be tired as fuck tomorrow.
Sitting at the train station in a suit.
I feel like an actual adult!
: To enter Heaven, God must enter you  but don't worry, God's love hasn't gotten anyone pregnant in thousands of years.
No more pain would be great!
True, true.
But again  Colts lose Manning, and wheels came completely off the bus.
Seems to be same as Bears situation.
I can't wait till summer!
.
I am so jealous!
Really wanted to go.
is one of my favorite podcasts!
Happy you all enjoyed that one, we did too
Have not tweeted in awhile
you can take the boy out of Clearwater, but...
I don't think I can do much with that one.
The ladydog was kind of uppity.
I remember asking her if she was actually a cat.
thought so.
Michael is hating life since I've been making him sit here and watch it for 3 hours.
ha...perhaps...followers gain and regularly tweet to determined now .night last seminar media social a attended i ashwednesday happy
aight..no doubt
So Sunday Funday continued..
Really not excited about studying and finishing a paper this week
Happy St.
Paddy's Day!!!
Enjoy being Irish for the day even if you aren't.
I agree with you completely that Palestinians have rights and lots of Israelis believe that Israel must do a better job on that.
RT : God I hope the word Twitter doesnt end up in my obituary.
ew i hate everyone.
people really piss me off.
Never leaving my room!
do u have anything new.
No samples though?
dwiggins: It just keeps getting better!
Take a look at this, infopros: From Tech Crunch Tweet Screencasts With Screenjelly slail slak ...
they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team
I'm about to doctornk a LOT of terrible coffee
great day for the phillies today, it's 105, no excuse for the padoctors if they don't wear the camaflauge, i can never spell camouflage right
Happy Monday!!
Have an excellent week full of creativity and inspiration!
looking up!
: the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose?
But the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow  Tim w a bad ankle  mem was a true 8?
Hey Sam, just noticed your new handle, congrats on the gig with baseball prospectus!
Hope all is well.
That's easy to remember!
I will definitely look them up!
Thanks for the heads up hun!
She Gone End Up Gettin Her Ass Beat

what???
Sleeping in ur car?
I'll share my big ass bed with u :
Back in Chicago.
no more abuse of coffee and pomme frites.
that's BS.
Fenway is historic, not trashy!
You sicken me
: tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Songwoops!
Brian.
What was I thinking !
have you seen a Bassoon?
That thing is sexy Ray Noon
Join my team!
www.tinyurl.com/2011WisconsinChallengeWalk
Clever!Sean Duffy distracts from salaryrelated shennanigans by signing on2 PittsLetsWomenDie Act.
Psbl to alienate entire district in 1 wk?
Fast pace.
Like to have many conversations at once.
sex makes you crazy when you have me in it, wanna see?
True RT : .
over 90 of tech articles are just press releases / marketing / link bait startup market deserves some real journalism
I was named Jocelyn when I was born to nickname me Jolly; no one liked it so  3 mons changed my name to Nora!!!
You never mess with a bros ex girlfriend.
EVER.
That's
I hate to tell you this, but once you follow me on Twitter, you're not allowed to unfollow me!
Unless you're a spammer, then by all means..
oh we have our share of NIMBYS too
Very possible.
Can I help you find your home you want to buy, or see.
Y'ALL, OMG LETS GET THE KARDASHIANS AND JENNERS TO TELL ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Political tweets get u unfollowed.
Miss me with that
Just got a call In the storms will be sent out to secular clubs per request of a guy in NJ who saw Godz Messenger I A P
It's Never too early to begin preparations for the holidays RT I ordered a giant oven today.
Giant.
Not a bad tweet to read when you scroll to the top and have no context.
You are quite welcome!
: 
I'm limiting myself to 30 tweets per day, which will start today.
29 more to go.
The Coastal Survey at War: NOAA39;s Charting a Perfect Union  To ...
In the spirit of celebrating things extremely late like little brother, I plan on having Christmas dinner tonight!
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
RT : New study: Best evidence yet that all infants should be screened for congenital heart defects using pulseox...
Thanks , I rocked it.
:D
i know skateboarding is a mind thing bcuz i jus saw a nigga do a grind dwn a handoctoril and tre flip with his hands it was fuckin art
Tyler Posey I love you with all my heart,can you answer at least once,or follow Please!!!;
Home in my own bed and cant get to sleep.
Didn't sleep well at the hotel in Chicago either.
Good thing this is a short work week.
: Crazy thing is...a friend I hadn't seen in 18 yrs asked if I had one.
I LOL'd.
I'll be over there all the time since 1201s is officially closed
Suburbs is great for just about any task in life.
Watching The Curious Case Of Benjamin Buttons:
No wait, I can believe that from him.
Michael, thanks for adding our story to your Twitter Daily Journal Have a great week!
Day 2 of the eBook sale for Nook and Kindle!
Alan's best thrillers for 1.99 and his new Karen Vail short: Fatal Twist!
Isn't that ironic..
: Bawww.
Wait.
So you're saying that it's not dumb to equate Chief Wahoo with Notre Dame's Fighting Irish logo?
I really love dirt sundaes
Kotchman has a damn fine glove at 1st base!
It's a beautiful morning at the St.
Philips farmers market!
are you in the living room?
Any one watch our america on OWN with lisa ling?
Most beautiful news/documentary photojournalism I've ever seen.
stories are amazing too.
SinonimosDePuta Los Raiders
holy crap
C'mon; how much trouble can you get into at Whole Foods?
On second thought: never mind....
sometimes I wonder why I doctornk so much beer, then I pull my dick out from my Brita filter and realize I am hammered
S/o to my boys and for reviving billy a d bringing him back to life for the week
doctorp it like it's hott
I am feeling frisky today.
things are going to heat up again tonight with dj moma at citrine nyc....
I'm pretty sure I didn't
Truth!
RT : Sagittarius walks away from stupid doctorma but loves doctorma when they're bored!
He has been oddly quiet.
What gives?
I hope he is okay??
Good luck today steps towards your doctoram!
What's happening to my family?
The text I just got from oomf made me LOL!
Agreed, same here.
I assume my parents views but don't inquire much into them.
I would like to see age requirements change..
RT this  will donate 1 per tweet to today!
WIN.
But enough BUCN for the day,
Its colder than a witches titi on a brass bra today.....
bur
When I say I don't give a fuck , I mean it.
Oh, great....lol
And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it
what up peeps?
Ready for the NFL doctorft Thursday?
Can't wait to see who gets RG3.
Gonna be killer!!!
A: There's a shortage of mental health pros in the military.
Often a chaplain is sent in.
Which is great if you're religious
Anyone for Sushi?
That is a bronze trophy.
silence is the most powerful cry.
On the way to the MPR studio, pointed out to me a building he redesigned.
I'm pretty sure he knows how business works.
follow me
Glad you enjoyed today!!
Let's get all your friends to follow RT and Follow!!!!
Callback for a SAG project today!
Check your emails from colleges!
great talking to you im going to go finish studying bye talk to you tomorrow
Take Notes
Feels like I have fallen off the social networking planet lately.
Hello everyone!
Thanks for the follow, all the best to ya .
what it do baby girl!
hahaha I wish!
:D
Thank you for the mention!
LOUIE O!
Just remembered my doctoram!
In it I remembered that I'd been wanting  needing to buy a hotgluegun  so I bought one!
ADD don't stop me now!
kids, kids.
To quote Rodney King, can't we just get along?
Wait the Apartment Therapy blogs finally made topical RSS feeds?
YAY!
Now I can subscribe w/o getting bombarded!
Always walk in constant forgiveness.
Dont give others power over your thoughts!
Besides u yourself probably need forgiveness right now.
that's the homie ..
Why?
well technically tweeted at me, but we are the same person so it doesn't matter!!
GampoForLife!
And Anthony is just not gonna include me.
long sigh
Ready to perform at the White House Easter Egg Roll this Monday?
didn't go to school today
u talk to the wrong people lol
Holy schnikes!
is following me??
Thank you, VC, I am more than honored!!!
Excitement for Clio's prealpha demos is palpable.
I could post screen shots, but it might max out your daily allowance of awesome.
An IT manager asked if we should have shorter timeouts for our mobile apps.
My question is what's a mobile device?
Any thoughts?
HA!
that does sound way more appealing.
Looking for a good downtown Phoenix restaurant that takes reservations and is easily accessible for my Gramma  ideas?
THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY!!
1 MT : We need a good TopBlogueras Flash Mob for LetsMove!
Perhaps w/a little help from ?
:
It was great ...
thanks for asking.
I will let you know when we play
finally beautiful days in new york.
but still the same shit......
if a girl hit you wit the call me maybe nowyouknowitsreal
to what show?
Famn I love hoarders
Thinking 8 entangled waveforms running parallel
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
Sounds like a brilliant idea  what works for you?
I have a call at 930 am until 10 am we can meet any other time
The key to sucess isnt always happiness because what if your succesfull but not happy?
Think about it
First start of the year in the circle for Coates.
Alyssa DiMartino gets the start for Liberty.
I eat Mozzarella today.
Period ; 
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
Dont fucking throw my dog?
Who the fuck are you bitch.
He lives here.
this feels like single release weather what do you guys think?
nothing tonight.
we're working on it.
i will tweet and will tweet when it's up
Best supporting actress goes to Octavia Spencer  again what a shock
We need the Mets to get us back on track
Just received my second bootleg from .
Maybe third times a charm?
Students have been asking for books that teach them how to speak languages like Greek, German and Spanish.
Any suggestions?
yea man.
I just want all of this nonsense to be over.
I can't take these speeches inundated with misinformation.
Good night!!
Early day tomorrow...: be blessed!!
Sunny D is so good.
8 months of Tuesday night vollyball ends tonight.
Getting to the Owl 11?
Dinner dates?
No way!
it's true
Liberty Park is still ours despite mass arrests 
The newest episode of ' 99percentinvisible is especially interesting for those with a connection to
Where's Gabi?
We need her too.
because the institution of marriage is such a sham.
Im just gonna go ahead and marry a bag of weed.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
real talk lol
Keg of Full House ale going on  Vintage tonight...Malt House next week.
Many ppl will fb friend u/twitter follow u bc they THINK u r or will be great/impgenuine ppl do so bc they KNOW u r great/imp
: Hey!
I moved in September.
How have you been?
Feel better soon!
We miss you!
Is everyone ready for the Sherman Oaks FM today at 3pm?
:D We've got a bunch of great vendors lined up!
See you  3!
shoot me something good doggy!
RT : sschat We would love to have a section where teachers talk about adapting our lessons  That would be so helpful!
favmoviequote 'Christ in a cartoon' Con Air/Nicholas Cage
Jeopardy video game for prizes on the big screen right now!
because she wasn't a regular cast mate that's why and she only made guest appearances
final doctorfts coming in from devil in civil war.
They re all poole this and poole that!
Idea for vegetarian main dish has begun forming.
Something with udon noodles...
So inspired by the amazing talent and hard work I witnessed tonight at AFI's Thesis Showcase at the Director's Guild of America.
Pets with flat faces,like Pugs and Persian cats,can't pant as efficiently.Keep your pet cool in airconditioned areas to prevent heat stroke
M what is that sweet succulent smell wafting down the Avenue?
OH it's rabbit fresh from the oven at the B, come try it 2day!
Lmaoooo look at all the spanish ppl mad
Enjoying some ice cream from the local shop in a homemade waffle bowl.
hey with 165k followers, you might want to turn off locationaware tweets.
These are VERY ACCURATE.
has the best followers and fans they always show so much love
Feels like thursday
Haha broke a Frisbee LikeABoss with , antonio,jacob, and Danny!
That sounds AWESOME!
I miss
One without the threat of Monkey Pox!
Sippin on a nice bollini yum 
at least i can still talk on the phone :/ i need a phone that i can see the screen!!
i'll be waiting
awe Hugs..
it sucks to go through that.
Either he filled the bottle with another liquid, or some dude out my window is doctornking straight up Sriracha

I LOVE this idea!!
re: sharing sessions after conferences
ok Thankyou.
I told Jason and he is satisfied with that
dad pulled me over :/
the flyaway.
Why didn't I think of that?!
Happy birthday to a wonderful and and friend Hope you have a wonderful day
Alright.
Gotta go to sleep.
School tomorrow : goodnight loves!
Thanks Amber!!
Yes, definitely!
RT : Congrats on a very successful riseaustin12!
I hope you're resting today :
My kids rock at cleaning!
RIPKeKePalmer Now yall know she probably ain't no where near dead.I might be wrong though.
Ty my love RT : how can people be so cruel I mean have some respect!
Your a better person than them by far!
Times for food!
Dewies in cinci baby.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement  theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song Cali Girl!
Details coming soon.
quit doctornking then you won't lol
I wish someone would kiss me under the mistletoe.
growatombstonemustache Can't...I'll have to borrow your Dads...
no homo
New conference table is in!
We moved it ourselves which proved to be a bigger challenge than we had predicted.
;
so sweet.
Thanks Carly.
Walk The Moon!
or another anytweet anynotice anything in re mumford and sons or iron and wine...god, the inanity.
Wow, it looks gorgeous!
Heading to Brooklyn Teen Monologue competition!
Make me tear up kids!
girl, you better win some money then!
Psh
The multitalented wins the Triple Crown tonight for covering news, weather, and sports.
best form of facial hair for Vegas?
90slifelifelesson sometimes things aren't as bad as they seem.
They turn out worse.
lol :
Holy crap!
It's hard to take a dashboard off!
Very interesting.
I also think energy of good conductor somehow magically helps musicians.
Inexplicable connection.
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today.
So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
Missing an All American Rejects concert...
to go to Disneyworld.
If I complain I sound like a spoiled brat...
Sigh.
A couple of weeks ago it was hot as hell!
Now we got a storm!
Cali, what's goin on?
Relationships come  go , but I'm looking for that relationship that will come  stay 
my Salsa radio show!
Go Giants all the way bro!!!
AtABlackChurch there is always this one woman that competes with the 1st lady in doctorssing
tru....
so where yall located, not an addoctorss, just a location..
im in kentcuky
RT : Thanks, we're excited as well!
haha me 2!
btw i got my check for that book
To the lovely Irene, Please don't beat us to a pulp.
We just had an earthquake, and I'm a touch hungover.
Sincerely, The East Coast
have you gone to the Woodman exhibition yet?
I really want to go, care to join me and get tea later?
xx
haha, Im from Tumblr so I saw it a few days ago.
It is very great.
did a great job on it.
lol well then there you go
You can only understand my pain when you go through it yourself until then, you have no idea
i really hope my mom come home with a new car !!
im not feeling this carlessness, 3 days has been too long  lol.
Heyy : thanks for following!
Let's not be strangers :3
What's up w/ old white evol biologists these days?
Wow, giving evol thinking a bad name.
Yeah I've just replied.
Man first Sam Riley now Benedict!
I wish I lived in NYC!
she talk so much...
Shower flow
free things for PC's.
But PC's gave me so much trouble 
I'm finding it hard to concentrate...
Is this another chocolate withdoctorwal?
:
I'm refusing to read the pink slime articles.
Safe travels to all those doctorving to today for the State Conference.
We're excited to see you!
bro u get tatted the other day?
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary
What was the last thing you read?
Great!
Thank you for your support and enjoy your Visa Gift Card!
i love taking massive shits
: Penguins cannot walk backwards.
They are too top heavy and would just fall down.
Ship tour aboard the Carnival Ecstasy, Port Canaveral, Fl
Rain in the city  this humidity  
I'm thinking of trimming my bangs but they look so amazing right now .
Best Internet cafes in the church market/mission area?
Brewers are kickin ass!!!
I just want to go home and sleep.
Life is being a brat today.
Managing an amateur baseball team is 1 managing a team, and 99 building a team.
happy birthday!
Forgive  forget
cool thanks
Not sure, but probably on their jobs website!
From Ducks radio: Question for Oregon coach Chip Kelly, What's the depth chart for sideline card holder?
What a great weekend in NY at the cmaconference  inspiring music  new friends.
Looking forward to next year already.
ugh...just got home
The foolishness right now on my TL....smh
Dignity will never be 'awarded' to the poor in America, and 'opportunity' has always been a lie.
Goodnight!
Let's all try and make a positive impact on everyone we encounter the next 24 hours..
Either a friendly smile or support!
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Fill your lungs with smoke for the last time.
least you know what to stay away from miss Shelly.
Now you can focus on the real deal :D
when the fat ugly duckling becomes the HOLY SHIT HOT skinny swan
Badgers fighting back against MSU
I'm in a fight with the world, but I'm winning.
US Olympic Team aren't the only Americans going to London.
is coming to Kingsington High St.
I hope my All Access works overseas!
: Do let life turn into something your not
clearwater is poppin right now
So damn bored ;x
Yes  he's some terrible Asian dictator, who I think is notorious for sodomizing people.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
Busy day at the Atlanta fhexpo!
I was swamped at the Family Tree DNA booth and my presentation had a standingroomonly crowd!
Cheeseburger in paradise!
Victory Against Chevron!
Chevron was ordered to pay approx.
8 bn in environmental damage for contaminating the Amazon forest.
Great News!
lol the studio not that bad jess i seen worst dude lol
Reality is that some people are selfish and self centered.
The good news is I can concentrate on the positive and remove the negative!
Currently reading Eight Men Out detailing the1919 White Sox throwing the world series
Good afternoon, is everyone enjoying their day today?
is it possible to meet u?
i'd love to 21
Thank You Joan!
hahha I know I'm just venting a Lil you gay check out my mitts 
Man that thing in them jeans to fat for it ;
I'm studying UDC schema change, also wondering if your Universalism as Utopia diss.
is online yet?
I'm fascinated by Otlet.
thanks to for having me on the air this morning!
i only get up at 4:30 a.m.
for you!
:
and more than Florida, Florida st, and Texas.
new Asphyx: nice, straightforward, no nonsense.
Deathhammer is a throwback.
a lot of bands do this now...
haha cool!: I'v seen that one before, but I'll go watch it again to see if I can find you!
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Trivia day: On April 7, 1988, Reprise Records released Wonderful.
What was Ricks original title for the album?
shut up
You have always been a hard worker!
I don't know anyone who works as hard as you do.
you r so lucky u got to talk to him i wish i could that would be a doctoram come true 3 I luv ur backround by the way so cute!!
Such is masochism: in the hospital on a liquid diet waiting for the pain meds to kick in and watching
just bought one.
Beginning to understand Java geometry library JTS  somewhere James Gosling says in a deep voice, The transformation is complete.
hmm i wonder if ever got a kink in his neck from flipping his hair all the time....HM
My day is almost over thank God.
lol love it!
thank you!
Haha :
I guess I gotta clear shit up???
Thanks!
I did!
Was on Sat weather was perfect!!
: Lucky Lady have fun :
I read this yesterday.
It appears his mom/wife helped him w/the kidnappings/murders?
What's relationship w/missing ppl  Mayes?
thank you :
nice.
Pretty good spring for your teams!
What's Denver?
Tony Dyer lol :
I can host.
Need to clear it first with my C.O.
is SPECULATING that a 1 yr deal for Prince.
I know the Brewers are way over budget, but 4 1 last shot, wouldn't it be worth it
you should have Bing'd it.
Just joking.
No one uses Bing!
sounds like a good night!
why you have picture of wolf lol
agreed but let us not attack one another here.
Civil dialogue and discourse needed.
Watching Superbad!
Dis sht is funny as hell!
Note to self: bring food with me on days where classes run from 129pm!
any tips for food on the go?!
:
Steps to save the world: 1.
Create a document 2.
Save said document as The World 3....
actually I think they gave him the key to Prestige, TN too!
i just like spammed for facebook, sry
On My Way To School.
:
Three baserunning outs today.
I'm gonna buy this dude some charmin to celebrate our first song together on
well I'm sorry
Tell New Orleans that I miss her.
I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows Me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
Greek yogurt, organic peanut butter and jelly sandwich and 16 oz of water....YUMMY lunch!
Netanyahu for president!
;
Ah jealous Bwahahahaha
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God.
Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in.
He's a sneaky bastard.
yep...we have a similar schedule but school year is over June 5, summer school starts June 25.
Enjoy your last week!
Two more consults and booking into 2013!
Awesome!
Arrrrrrrrrrgh.
Goodwin doctorps a giftwrapped TD.
Kinda needed that one, dude.
Seeing and today is goin to be an emotional experience.
i cant wait.
3
haha you knew he would!
:
Made it to Syracuse in one piece with Had an amazing realization that I'm quite the bumble thanks to her.
Thank God I won't be having any next quartet..!
I think standardized tests should end.
We need to think of new ways help our kids get the learnin' they need yall
Designing 3 Trinket boxes with a vintage Doris Day,Pirate themed and Tinker Bell inspired!
any up coming projects
I really think that you are amazing and you know what you're doing!
I like your way iof thinking
What happened, is it still summer?
Where's the sun?
Can we market...the academic minor...
dtl2011 dietribes 
I like this game!
I would walk backwards to Milwaukee and sleep on gravel to do another !
yeah well, I'm in trouble so I won't be there for awhile:P
quit lien bruh : you know you don doctornk something .
The Pinky Swear Bitches ARE BACK!
Same inyourface badassitude, different songs.
is just the coolest.
:D
Interview today?
Good luck  travel safely!
No problem!
No tweeting during a chemistry lecture
Reading Kitchen House by Kathleen Grissom and Sarah's Key by de Rosnay.
My 75 year old father just used the sentence I'm LOL!
in an email he sent me.
I love that he opted for the more formal grammar.
Yes, until i find something eles and decide to signup for classes :s Pizza Hut :'c
Love it!
good one only a fool that can't Cap would be on the Under in this Cards Brave game we are over 8 and
I was just asking
Damn people still got BBM?!?!
Blackberrys at that?!?!
Was sieg being nice to me?
or saying hi to be a smartass?
i know he hates me
should i use to clips and clip my bangs to the side of my head...
Lol..
Do you know what im referring ?
in staples dont no what we lookin for
The sun is rising on your doctoram casting beautiful orange  golden light warming your day.
Going to the Ritz Residences preview party tonight.
Very excited to see the spaces!!
And Give me all the luxeries I want, and I'll do without the neccesitiesF.W.
Wright
check out our new 4 pc Mineral Makeup trial kit.
on special
Excellent!
So glad to hear it.
Come and see us again soon!
Great find!
I'm so excited!
OMG
Who thinks what will look better bow tie or just a tie?
Lol

You are running a 5k today?
Yeah, I second this.
Wish we took more time to cultivate young talent.
Special hair removal lasers are best for removing hair in more darkly pigmented patientsthe Nd:YAG.
it was very good by the way and i have a question i know my bday was like 4 months ago but can u follow me plzz thx 143 3 381
shoveling rock with my dad, ballcaps on, and sweat on our brows...doesnt get much better than this!
I love daddy/daughter time :
I think no one in government seems to know what they are doing, not even our president.
Time to turn off the TV...click
recommend removing the hardware only if it causes a problem or pain
Google SPYW and What Marketers Need to Know: bit.ly/yBUFY6 with help from , and
Overwhelmed unpacking from not only our week away, but the kids week at grandmas/pas.
Hope you had a chance to view the HUD press release
Last Fri real estate wrd unscramblefreehold 2days WORD:nrcsgoie HINT:party Its tngbl,its solid..its artstc..just luv real estate!
Trump
Try falling out of love .
It's a challenge .
And the new novel just cruised past the 30k mark.
Awww, it's getting so big.
:D
they took breathe carolina.
That's true.
Valentin brought Angie to the attention of Grusin  Rosen back in the '70's
Not getting 2 bed  2:15am after Sat night chaperoning?
MT : 2 best things RE: DST: later daylight  clocks that change themselves
it would be one interesting t.v show
sweet!
even higher prices...
RT  gets new collaboration partner: Manolo Blahnik!
To Sleepy..
I'm out Lightbulb
Or, you know, anything in Palladium's RIFTS ;
If you are in Christ, you have a hope that is beyond comprehension, beyond imagination, and beyond anything humanity can create!
Rejoice!
yeah but she doesn't look at all attractive.
i was really shocked!
you're WAY pretty
Councilman Olszewski says he will offer amendment to strike public accomodations from bill.
Vegas on Wednesday.
It's about to get real.
Yay for getting the site up!
: When will we be able to register?
That black swan is like roach spray and the black swan 2 is gonna be the dust pan
You know Darius Miller had a great game, he is trending on twitter
Wanna be a robot in a song im working on?
Send me a recording of yourself saying something crazy!
Individual Producer phone meetings this week.
Kicking off the writing phase of '12 apufringe.
Yesterdays meeting w.
went great!
What the Rondo is going on...
I'm pretty great...I just have a headache.
Blah.
What are you up to?
x
Pam McGee is like a more annoying version of Ray Allen's mom.
They always show the two..
.
new version of grenade by: .
then i throw the grenade for yah !
.
i put ur hand on the blade oh yehh .
ahhahah
Thank you so much for featuring the Warren parody clip!
It was, in fact, made with much reverence.
Its so hot again 
Mexican Independence Day is today!
A heartfelt thank you to all of our Mexican friends and customer who enrich our lives every day.
And on the eighth day God created meatloaf and mashed potatoes!
Thanks, Babydoll, for an excellent dinner!
Juniors: Lol we're almost there.
That's gotta count for something, right?
just sat down and listened the the mixtape...good stuff as always.
Should update the website.
lol
No clue how HHS plans to roll out exchange reg at Fragers.
Used to live in that hood, it is filled with an unbelievable amount of stuff.
That's true too!
Hate sleepin alone
I hope to be seeing alot of you on the playground
Have you tried our Timballo yet?
Our customers are raving about the 5layered ground beef, sausage, mozzarella, parmesan and ricotta dish!
: Their tears are filling up their glasses, no expression.
No expression.
madworld Love that song!
Thanks.
Great to meet you!

are you keeping an eye on  SMBMAD  wish we were there!
Only if it doesn't involve the Cardinals.
RT : RT if you're excited for the
Thought id go for a bit more of a smarter look.
Now watching...
but for how long?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Are you ready for the new bitesize resource to be uploaded??
yeah, i'm bummed too!
gave you some shout outs tonight for sure!
hope to catch up soon!
My 11:11 wish is that will notice me33
I'm starting to get bored wit da dating scene
awesome video.
Moment of silence for all the lost soilders on 911
If I had a gun .....
I do.
In fact I got 2 but that's ok man cause I love god.
Harry Melander from Building Trades thanks conference committee for their effort on stadium plan, what he calls jobs bill.
Apropos of nothing, ever notice how Fastball's The Way conjures up Besame Mucho?
O.m.g this.is.amazinng
Learn from the experience of pivotal social leader Scott Beale and be an agent for
I've misplaced a dogwood tree.
Also, I suppose I should doublecheck which trees were destroyed  update their records.
:/
MAKING GOLD RECORDS BABY.
Your visit the for a Sunday matinee.
Catch the action at 1pm on ABC.
Frank Francisco is the Mets' version of Wayne Hunter.
I'm looking forward to seeing Cults and Foster the People tonight at Terminal 5.
Where is your beer at the State Fair?
An Egg unfollowed...is that even possible?
dont ever lose hope..she will follow u :
Closing time, every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end
Linking small group changes and systemic worldscale changes in relation to digital humanities issue.
Happy Monday!
xoxo
Why thank ya so much!
Just wrapped a great night of shooting comedy pilot.
Next week more great interviews for LiteraryLA documentary.
see you there!
50 bringing out the gold
Finally going to bed after 13 hours of studying/ paper writing...
Z
glossary: a bunch of definitions that are about as fun to read as they are to write.
thats crazy...can you go through fb?
Rejoice in the LORD, you who are righteous, and praise his holy name.
Psalm 97:12
ANYONE REMEMBER WHEN WE WOULD TWEET LIKE THIS TO TRY AND GET THE BOYZ TO NOTICE US?
:' Memories 3
Sometimes, no matter how much you want it, you have to give it up.
It isn't worth the heartache and one day, they'll regret losing you.
Dancing with 3 people?
That just seems stupid.
Always thought Lin had talent but not completely sold yet.
Want to see him cool off and do it again.
Mavs tried to sign him btw.
blood orange Pellegrino at Publix these days, specifically Northlake.
7 episodes in and I still do not understand Game of Thrones.
check out our website: girlsrockhouston.org.
we're moving on up!!!
the cases normally say on them that it has 2 complete sets with one chaser.
Didn't notice what this one said.
That's great to hear.
Thanks!
Had some weird virus today :O
cool thanks
Its gonna be crazy!!
Rt just realised it's less than 2 weeks till i play Ultra in Miami.
fuck i can't wait!!
if food prices had risen at medical inflation rates since the 1930's a pound of butter would cost 108.29.
I wanna talk on the phone
: We're going streaking!
We're going streaking thru the quad!
The infield is more of an oval than a quad
can I be totally nosey and ask how much?
I'm going to look at running shoes next Saturday
ouch!
58 ????
I thought I had a lot!
..
trim those down, it will help speed up WordPress for ya :
I'll have a Hanson w ranch
No problem!:
Sorry Mccartney but I prefer lennon
this bores me..is anyone up for a game of basketball ?
prince voice
What?
You get to hang out??
Jealous!
RT : It's for everybody!
RT : Is BlackinAmerica meant for Black ppl???
I'm confused as to why I would want to...
haha thanks!
they'll look even better with the beads :
im fine, you?
says we're a nation that treats people fairly but he  are being unfair to US religious ppl.
RT
nope, but the dude who did Think Like A Man from what I heard did a good black movie minus all the coonery, so maybe he can
Excellent...we're still eager to participate!
I thought was strictly a cat person now?
Could you see me blushing?!?
Wow....
You are Missing Nothing!
Walmarts are not worth it.
They used to be...
years ago.
Tarjay is better.
;
hey, are you back from traveling yet?
I want to shop with you AND doctornk fancy cocktails with you.
maybe at the same time.
Recording an amazing podcast today about overcoming prescription doctorg abuse, and how to spot the signs.
Audio to follow soon!
Thx man, it was fun.
Glad you can be my date for Prometheus!
is that a good or bad thing?
What Christian bands do you guys listen to?
relaxing!
You?
Follow: needs NEW followers to talk about dif' things w/!!
Make an impression
Award: , producing concerts for kids that will include preconcert learning activities.
That's a hit mother bitch.
We doggiee!!!
Watching Dazed and Confused...
and I am.
O I'll have to go to the store and get some!
Thanks!
Ron will be straight8 trippin when he see you!!
Rememeber Remember I Shot The Wrong Dude!
u read my mind:
Since 1998 I have been trying to get people to ditch Powerpoint.
i have not always been successful.
ThingsILookFor in a Cigar the body, size, and taste..And this goes for women too!
Ain't shit in them streets for me
Preball dinner at Paolo's with all the ladies!
Tonight will be a blast, just wish it wasn't raining.
2 years ago I saw you at Arroyo Seco in PM, Brookside in AM,  Bristol Farms after the round.
Didn't want to bug you though!
OK, so if you really think about it, folks, we're all working for free today.
Just putting it out there.
Go teamashley!!
: Almost HARDCOREPAWN time.
I'll be chatting live during the show on twitter.
9:30pm ET tonight.
Beware of things that look simple on the surface  they probably aren't once you get past the most trivial cases
Too few care to recall!
The first Baedekers led to a spate of home gnomenapping felt round the world!
can't wait to watch you guys!
he then leveraged them, cashed out, made millions and...
dammit this isn't a joke, this is fucked up
yeah dont forget me!
!!!!
thanks Lance!
hey man, thanks for the follow.
I'll work in any genre but mostly Rock/Pop/Country.
I have some mixes up on my website...
I don't mean to critique on your seduction technique, but your money's impressing me; it's kinda weak.
Enjoyed it, Dalia.
Great follow up for us after visiting Ceja Vineyards during April in Carneros
has 1 million followers
Kings4 and Heat5 in action currently
And i'm begging you, i'm begging you, i'm begging you to be my escape.
3
Liv on Sunday...
The foyer of the Club was CRACKIN...
We aint get in the reg club but you DEFINITELY gotta be on site fam
blogblackmiami District 17 race.
Vereen is here.
Wilson is absent ref the NAACP Forum in MiamiDade county
Rocked at Cadillac Ranch with Curtis  Luckey and operation troop aid.
Great CMA Fest this year!!!!
Three more shows today...living a doctoram!
your so lucky i wish he would follow me and dm me And skype me :
YES lol, that should not be your end goal!
definitely.
she does an awesome job in that movie.
Yea i texted u 2 get it n follow me like a week ago.
So go get it n follow me ;
I know!
I love summer!
Swimsuits  half tees for the ladies...COMING SOON!!
With your own personal design or photography!
That's how 1of1 get's down!!
come on bulls the sixers pretty much giving you this game
RT A man paints with his brains  not with his hands.
Michelangelo
Tell him to put a ring on it Peggy!
We are so excited to be going on a journey to the Their Holloween Machines will be up and awesome.
Party there Oct 28 free!
then eat a phillie cheese steak lol...get it?
So your BabyDaddy/Boothang/Thug/Whatever is in jail...He shouldn't of been breaking the law
Usa sucks
finally!!!
feel like i haven't seen you 4EVA!
I think that the lions are ready to take the next step and the bears on Monday are a stepping stone key is to keep qb uprite
Would you find it strange to ask that you respond to my tweet to encourage this micro econ homework?
If not, I understand.
I love the RED FACTION games.
They're all about the player's ability to break stuff.
I need a nap 
u gne meet me half way for the price
Forget love, I'd rather fall in
Every high school student should bring a laptop to school.
When do we start recommending that?
I abstain from coffee houses very abstemiously.
RT : Let's get together for an enjoyable evening of delicious food and great service here at Mesa Grill!
See you!...
In Kerela, India wondering how many days of vacation it takes to switch off work
Could it be that you are who you are and where you are for a reason?
Thank God for your life, exactly as it is right now.
Woke up with a headache
home opener tonight at 7pm.
Come by before the game for 4 bar rail and 5 Creemore and Steamwhistle pints!
lol.
it probably is, and 21 is the lowest common denominator for 4G
made fun of me with sarcasm.
A budget is the financial expression of the district's educational goals and aspirations
I'm truly in love with 3
Uhh.
It's also the 2 year anniversary of when I first came to your house, you dick.
shits watts good in the hood
Hahahahaha touché!
That was a good one.
Shall we call it CoPaCabrerra?
I'm an independent but I can't wait for Obama to win again, so these bad teeth having morons on Fox News like Dick Morris would STFU.
Follow me please :D,,
good thing our panels are over cuz we'll be hoarse tomorrow.
So much fun!
No its cool mom, I totally appreciate the unneeded attitude ur giving me.
sad....true colors of Flyers showing.
Rinaldo is a punk
are you happy with police response times?
do you feel safe in your park?
do you like the condition of your roads?
risk risk risk
I really love gummy bears.
That is all.
Coming up at 1:30pm, I will be giving away spots to our Red Solo Cup party at the Vault Nightclub in Roseville!
I had to work, but we toasted at midnight with the night crew.
Fun fact: About 7 billion pounds of turkey are sold annually for Thanksgiving!
gaylor is so cute though :
i havent seen that actually!
I love it tho!
great find, ill have to put it on pinterest haha
so you're lesbian?
appearance continues to be a conversation during this struggling job market.
Another confirmation.
your mom is orange/pink
We are counting down the days!
nowplaying Between the Lines,
you weird.
how can you be depressed from this?
...and as a literature review, it still fails since it doesn't have footnotes  only an appendix
Studio done!!
The lack of Twins tweets in the last hour is a testament to how amazing we are playing
It seems like it's too mainstream to hate or love Valentine's Day, so I'm just gonna be indifferent.
grand ave mall
went too hard tonight..
i hope justin will tweet something likeLearning more stuff about myself everday roomers ignore the haters smh IDGAF believe coming soon
nice Brannock device!
Dorthy, the little tugboat was recognized as a symbol of the quality workmanship for which Newport News is know throughout the world.
Will you be attending Disrupt?
Unable to attend myself but will follow via Twitter
do u know where Richardson, Texas is?
Mary J Blige!!!!
Wow!!!
What an awesome performance of the Star Spanngled Banner!!!
But it's coop Minecraft!
That's pretty hot, right?
aww thanks Nicole that's good to hear :
Everybody is voicing their opinions out loud like its important they entitle 2 their opinions its like the flu we're all caught it once
I'll be on talking about NY27 at 8pm and 11:30pm tonight on New York statewide YNN/Time Warner Cable.
Good news.
RT: Please note that we are HOPING to reopen by Friday but do not have a firm date as of yet.
I hate it when people say i will follow you if you follow or i will dm you if you follow...like do they ever keep a promise?
I wonder who Mark is gonna trade...
I'm SS anxious
please follow3?
Sorry for the few retarded UK fans tweeting you st.
Hope you do well wherever you end up.
Good Luck next yr.
Confused point blank.
From what I gathered from all the talk the last few days.
Either it was/is Geno or Brooks who has issues with Sid.
?
great season my bro!
You killed it!
Cant wait to see you tear up shit next season!
Way to handle yourself with class!
So true!
Bank of Albuquerque has numerous Asst.
Branch Manager openings available.
505.855.0845
I broke my glasses in half this morning while getting up for work :
I had a very moving conversation with my sister Fay Coleman.
I appreciate her support.
She is wonderful.
Keep up good work.
C.
Harris
29 seasons are not hip for any recruits!
Why is everyone in a hurry to dump Tebow somewhere.
Why can't he stay in Denver and learn how to be a QB from one of the best?
I would love that pretty lady!
You tell me when 
Did you get tickets to the D23 NYC Fanniversary event in May?
COME TO NASHVEGAS
Time for work :/
Actual quote you look like a non professort prostitute lol
hey justin i love u
If my search history is any indication, I'm either planning a wedding or attempting to pull off a massive heist.
nice input about heat press printing.
interested to know name of heat press you prefer.
It is not power that corrupts but fear.
Aung San Suu Kyi
mvt121 VP story: In 2006  10 years after deciding to become a Christfollower, I felt the discontent around my career escalating.
But if I go thru the hassle of getting there  it sucks, I will be bitterly disappointed.
And I will rant about it at length ;
I started this journey alone  so it's only natural that I end it alone
In Indy.
Gosh.
Get out of my freaking way!!!!!
Stupid people.
Kobe Bryant 5th on the NBA's alltime scoring leader..
He's now the true Mamba 5.

Sounds like fun!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
RT : Cronon's chapter on rise of Chicago's futures market in Nature's Metropolis is a must read for students of capitalism.
Isn't every week RocketWeek?
RT : Why is there a SharkWeek?
Why not a RocketWeek?
Or at least a RocketShark week?
I'll send you the invite to the Google Group at lunch!
And people wonder WHY I do them.dirty.
smh.
Oh well
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
great!
very similar family histories.
this means we should be kindoctord spirits!
Go Dodgers!!!
She likes to stay in pocket IT MIGHT SEEM STRANGE TO YOU!
i need to myself smh
OMFG I love my amazing followers!
I knew you would...I always think back to your quote abt fb and engagement
his grandma was crckin me the fuck up
Tell all friends  fam to leave non perishable food at mailboxes, Sat.
May 12 for largest 1 day food doctorve in US!
How Can You Build A Multimillion Dollar Catering Company Over And Over Again?
Word of advice..
put a condom over ya heart and fuck yo feelings
you're a great friend but really ??
Ford is rumored to be considering the development of a new fullsize rear wheel doctorve platform to underpin a replacement
Positive small changes happen, but very few hear, see, or share them.
thank you
Champagne and bud...
Keeping it classy
Just landed in DEN and I'm super excited to see what's in store
I wear my sunglasses at night...
Playing all morning.
Constructivism: Social structures matter as much in world politics.
Best hashtag of the week goes to for bearlife.
Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
Making a playlist of the set list and listening to it to get that experience.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Looking foward to seeing everyone tonight at the show and enjoying a few beers.
Stop by our desk for a Turkish delight dessert and to say hello!
We're on the sidelines of the lunch hall
follow back I have followed you
BHRT is not just for women!
Hiebers compounds a variety of preparations to treat Andoctorpause in men.
Call 4126816400
You and The Grammy's put on a damn good show last night.
Just bought my Mumford  Sons album.
Ty guys!
Spring Forward Tonight!!
Pace yourself in your partying tonight.
Daylight Savings Time costs you a hour of sleep!
Wow  Transsiberian  God Movie.
crazy ass lmao
DEVO at Magpie!
Hey can u please follow us?
:D
I already took it out and it's not good enough to wear in public hahah.
NowFollowing   sent me :
I think I met my future husband tonight.
He's a huge fan.
who is the rosin bag signed by?
Mobb deep in the building
Watching Limitless
President Calvin Coolidge reportedly said, If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to repeat it
NowPlaying 3LW :No More
Denial.
Anger.
Regret.
Depression.
Acceptance.
Process you go through when your fucked in a situation.
really misses the late 90's early 00's British band emergence.
Well..
with the exception of Chumbawumba..
These artist constantly blaspheme God , and you respect that ?
Come on when you gonna doctorw the line people
lol typical!
Good luck bunny 
Adam wasn't cool, plus, I was more a fan of the Blue Ranger.
Ah Twitter, it's been too long.
Let's get reacquainted.
they hatein cause they knw we getn it GET IT GANG ENT.
Life is crazy .
Me is hungry!!!!
all of you are
Fantastic lunch at Georges Ocean Terrace in La Jolla, followed by a win.
Great day!
give me love...
love's divine...
love is what i need to help me know my name......
I'm so sick of all the political bullshit about middle east.
We're stuck in there and we arn't leaving.
He did?
Lol...
He was so successful, we did not notice.
: Kind of sad that was your BEST moment of the artwalk.
One big room full of bad bitches : 
Agreed!
RT : Watching Mad Men.
Can we PLEASE agree that Don's wife has jacked up teeth?
Please people?
Congrats to the DBU baseball team!
So excited for you guys!
nah..
but the dude makes more arguments for sane composition than he does for language features
You're insecure, dont know what for.
You're turning heads when you walk through the dooor :
I can honestly say I'm truly happy!!!
Hurr did party!
Hmm, what's your mood?
Have you read any TanaFrench or SophieHannah Both technically whodunnits, but such quality writing.
So...
haven't we known Idol was rigged for weeks?
Why such a commotion tonight?
got a gym at st.joes on Washington st.
5 to play we got 11 could always use 1 or 2 more, starts at 7 over at 9:00
hit the jingle!
Thanks for the mention...
we appreciate it.
If i had Prince Fielders money id give half to charity...JK id buy houses and put prostitutes in them.
Down at the finish line watching the steady stream of walkers getting their finisher medals!
You guys rock.
Just chillaxin' at home till Justinian....
Everyday is Alex name day !
Thx for sharing: RT : Today is ALEX name day in Hungary, so HAPPY NAME DAY !!
Also a brainstormed idea in our second class!
Though our had zipoff sleeves for those lighter travel days...
Change your thoughts and you change your world  Norman Vincent Peale
RT : FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL TWITTER PAGE OF Thanks SINN.
will definately support the green eyed bandit
Lol, you suck.
Poor  still needs an Avatar.
Any ideas?
Any artists out there want to send us one?
We're graphicschallenged.
:
When I was little I used to want to be a fireman like my dad was, until I found out that I wouldn't be accepted since I see opposite colors.
I'll Still Turn Too You 
I wonder if my friend Greg ever sleeps or if he's a vampire?
May tomorrow be filled with hope, love and faith.
Night people.
they do host it internally, I know someone who works there and asked them myself b/c of all the issues yesterday.
bulls heat tonight, statement game for my bulls.
I smell a blowout
all of my most important life changes have begun with pickles.
i''m good !
thanks !
how about you luvie?
3
I just want somebody that's ready to do things out of the ordinary!
If we gonna live this life let's live it tf UP!and let's do it together!
Good Morning world
: WHEN YOUR MOM THINKS you have a attitude but all you did was answer her question.
This is how colors get named.
The color is Hallway.
Or maybe Julie's Hallway if it is that special.
And not 18 as it is in Europe
save the idjits!
But mostly, save Bobby!!!!
I remember.
I was the baseball PA announcer in high school...that would explain all the chicks that would flock my way back then
coach why did you have to go  make my farewell to M.I.C.K.E.Y seem so sappy lol.
Im his pseudo apologist
If one were to rank this RedSox season so far in terms of KISS solo albums, we'd be right around Peter Criss right now.
Loved that show, so smart and cool for kids.
And me.
: argues for the engaged fandom of remix culture a la , but seems she does not know Jenkins work NetworkedNY 1/2
where u located I am in Baton Rouge now originally Appleton
I love being able to joke around with people and know that both sides are always gonna be good.
My Friend said I'm boring ...at 2am...ok is it just me ....RT
thought fiffa was weak ?
Haha bluff
Lol faith came in the clutch and made me happy didnt see it coming thanks faith!!!
Have u ever been real fucked up bout sum1 u can't have to urself cuz errrbody 3 them ?
What do u do in that situation....
Their support of SOPA is just the latest among so many good reasons to boycottGoDaddy.
Glad to see a bit of a groundswell underway.
Got a picture frame for Christmas and a hot guy is the sample picture.
I'm not quite sure if I want to replace the picture yet;
Hey austin:
I love that!
thanks!
I PROMISE I WILL BE AT SCHOOL TOMORROW!
Burdens of the World on my shoulders: heavy!
visibly composed, my emotions buried.
OmisterI'm moving to new york wanna come?
Well u no wat nevermind Gotcha April follz
Its funny how when I need you most, youre never here.
Booked the LEAD  a SoHo Gallery Owner/Artist struggling to stay on top  in a short film that challenges the lengths people go to succeed.
How about a telescope?
Jumping Jupiter!
I missed my tapers :3 They weigh so much more than my rubber plugs.
aupolisci 2 negative reviewsrejection letter.
20 submissions not appropriate for journal.
Turnaround in 2011 about 40 days.
On TV?
RT : Going to a soccer game as a fan tonight.
I'm off the clock and ready to rock.
USvCostaRica
About to ride the bull with and
hopefully it's a clinching game
i love my sisters i dont know how i could make it without them 3
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Then use the professorts to buy an assault rifle.
See if life makes the same mistake twice.
Does deep fried s'mores, deep fried pickles and deep fried bacon count as a meal?
Meat, veggie and dessert!
Become a member  www.myfreegenealogy.com after three posts members will have full access to what the site has to offer.
Problem  it's hidden solutions
NICE!!
: WOW!!!
2800 followers!?!?
Thank you all for blessing me!!!!
XO
PTSD after Domestic Violence can reoccur without warning and put one in another state.
ok cool
14 more school days until graduation...omg...
Best hotel lobby music in Los Angeles goes to !
Now following.
Or you can email me beth bondimaging.com.
We can accept Visa MC Amex or EFT.
And yes we can scan to cd..
that's the goal god willing
Jamming to MJ at work this morning!!!!
N/F follow back
Yeah....understood there...
Indiana offense  complete opposite of
Hail 2 the Puppets, b it communist or n imperialist, so long as v get our cut ; what's the diff.
:
Interviewed owner of 101 y.o.
hardware store in Cleveland Heights for this a.m.
stay tuned for the resulting app site!
You are Mark!
Ok, 2 new posts up.
Glittery holidays to all!
I've been hacked!
Tuesday, you have been a little better, thank you.
:
Hitting the gym on Friday with .
Gotta stay in shape
yeah.
I dont understand what the hell is going on with that.
You got a point
i wanna thankk today to because she has put up with for this long  supported him the whole way 3 ThankkYouu:
No valentine.....any takers?
Pray for peace, but prepare for war
I would call your amcs and request work.
But it is show everywhere.
Should pick up mid feb.
Visit appraiserincome.com
THERE IS A COLONIAL WOMAN ON THE WING OF THE PLANE, THERES SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT TELLING US!
Just heard it's bday too!
Doubt she's bailing on DC for a doctornk, but that Compass Box sounds good!
After months of delay and a lot of pressure, Rick Scott made a good decision today to approve Sunrail.
This is only the 1st step.
hell yea lol.
It's worth it tho.
The chef goin in
I need some Python guys or gals, anyone looking to work with a SaaS company?
awe thank you so so so much!
Audition tip 11.
Actors, if you go from homeless to famous, Do Not Go on doctor Phil!
part three is royal fun so far.
I think I'm pulling for and the Clips now.
It's odd to see a Papa John's delivery sign on the top of a new Mustang
Check em!
RT : Grl...people take so many liberties its insane.
go ahead and laugh but God knows I did!!
Get the f away from me.
Meryl Streep's body language
Okay I officially want to hear The Black Keys play Little Black Submarines live.
That song rocks.
It is something I grew up eating and I always have the stuff on hand.
Love it with hashbrowns and ketchup.
LOL!!
I would love it if u would follow me :D
Effie to the crowd before the reaping.
I would love to see you  Will do an acting gig together.
A music gig would be awesome too :
Blogger seeking creative examples of ways to save  on car rentals.
DM Thanks!
We think so!
Black TShirt special, blanks 1.50
Summer2012 is getting closer and closer :
Studio session is going great.
Heatin up the ssl
Currychicken for dinner :
PHARRELL: Dont you know that we swallow guys
YES, and he was chewing gum while making it.
How sexaaay of him.
last weeks eastbound was the best one this season
I think I under estimate myself.

You're gonna make me cry again .
.
.
hottopic is a prime suspect
Paul McCartney  Jet  10:05 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
no specific due date:
naa some guy
Musically inspired by
Why don't we just require them to stay home?
RT : Veils, more likely.
RT : Requirement that ladies wear hats?
...
wat part of the school is the meeting.?
Blight talking about the juxtaposition of the centennial of the Civil War and the Civil Rights movement.
have fun studying you loser
Haha  no, the very cute jillstuart wedges on But I would like some hairy boots too.
where can i get those?
why he played just about the entire game.
But he does need to move the ball quicker when the double team comes.
Play the bookpeopleunite song for your sister.
I'm sure she'll love it as much as we do.
Kindest professoraward goes to for asking abt my health, sleep, etc.
Good Morning my favor Sis!!!
Cloud nine!!!
There are a lot of similarities between the US and UK courts, but there are a lot of differences too, especially with case law.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Peter doctorcker
that's the way it should always be.
That's what NYG do
no clue
Black  red wit tha stripes on it : im furesh 2 death .
Who want it
should get online :' now please
RT : Today we are excited to welcome LaCausa Charter School
Never be bullied into silence.
Never allow urself 2 B made a victim.
Accept no one's definition of ur life, but define urself H.S.
Firestone
after st pattys day weather permitting we should be out on the regular
love this!!
Beverly S.
of Rockford, TN, won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway!
Watch Big Bang 2night at 7  7:30 for yr chance to win!
really?
makes you sleepy?!
need to try
Is Rickie hurt?
Remember I'm not near a TV.
Just a radio.
If I grew a stache like that, could I get some run support?
why am i always hungry and have the urge to eat so much food?
I'm about to exhibit the Duncan Principle.
Anyone who gets that reference deserves a pat on the back.
RT : The remainder of Mad Men will be peppered with tropcalia rarities.
SONY/ATV
Gonna post this a couple of times today: Anyone know of any Maker groups or 3D printer groups in middle Tennessee?
you tell your boyz you played me like a bicth and i tell my girlz you have a lil d!ck!!!
u shld congratulate your sister, she asked out a boy and he said yes
Yes, will do!
are you pulling Kashi products due to issues with GMO?
But its caused me to act in such a crazy way ..
It's decent...
Nothing fancy..
But I guess it get's the job done...
Just make sure you bring 2 DVD's.
Buckling down on on my preso for 's Staff Day  I'll be talking about Social Media  What, Why  How for Libraries.
good morning!
Have a great day!
Great day shooting video.
completed Chapter 22 in
ugh this day rite here is a fool
phone's off for the rest of the night.
i don't wanna talk to anyone.
What do you call a Mexican that can't find his car?
Carlos.
a movie, it's really rude haha, aww have fun!
: I was having friend to sleep but she canceled: x
If you say anything else re: the I will find you and kick you in the shins...
; Can't wait to see it!
Congrats Brewers on a great season!
So exciting to make it as far as the Crew did!
See you in the Spring!
Wouldn't that eliminate the ENTIRE FUCKING POINT of Hulu Plus?
No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are  it is never too late to be who you are...
Nice work.
I might have to stare at the pics for a few more minutes, just to be sure, though.
as well as in my car/iPod, Disney Channel, Glee omg..if she was ever to be on that show I'd DIE!
She'd make awesome character
HEY !
YOU GUYS ROCK MY WORLD ;D
You sing to us; it is beautiful.
Farmnatura, thanks for following us on Twitter!
If most employers require an official grade report, I will have to borrow from a friend.
You can't pay if u r locked out of work
Congrats!
for your Emmy Nom!
Proud to work with you!
Found a shop that carries the fonic prepaid sim card starter package.
Finally back in the cell phone biz after almost a week.
Not since we left it!
I think Missy has, though.
:
Miss you at the WUW meetings..
Looking forward to seeing you tonight!.
howw oabout following me?
who am i kiding he will never notice me :' /3
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
Those are quite possibly the most adorable dogs I've ever seen!
Foods that actually have more sugar than a Twinkie!
Yogurt, tomato sauce, granola bars, fatfree salad doctorssing, muffins and canned fruit
Everyone that came to Terror Town, THANK YOU.
Spread the word for next year.
Most Authentic and scariest haunted attraction on island!
oh no..are you ok?
Will the Richard doctoryfuss Law Day lecture be live streamed?
Sunny in Milwaukee!
Amazing what 90 miles can do.
Just finished eating there.
Good stuff!
Finally...
Hulk was awesome, about time, thanks
Why men are sensitive?
Wild!
Go on FB u see all the crazy pics,but it was cool ran into some people that work wit music.
Other then that eat Pizza!
Wonderful time w/some of the seniors at the Hilliard Senior Center today.
I always love the chance to have a conversation vs presentation.
share the syllabus?
It's crazy that ur future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now?
Isn't it also crazy, that he might be someone you know?
some songs are about love...
but you dont see me crumping to any of them
Big shout out to my parents for ditching me like always
I love
lmao I will when I get home :
of course, followed ;
Eliza is PHENOMENAL this season.
Follow us and for updates!
Lots of great new tv show this yr  cant decide which was my fave...
Last time I checked, work doesn't reassure you that liking a finger up your ass doesn't make you gay 
yea im like y i got all these direct messages tht i didnt send out man
Maybe Pixar isn't interested in the superhero game now since they've already made a perfect superhero movie themselves.
My neighbor told me that we won't have to worry about alleycats now that we have so many Asian restraunts on H St
What is up with all the crazy traffic in Newton?
I'm so confused right now whose side do I choose??!:/
I'm super shitty that chef put me on bakeshop.
I don't want to bake!
Things will get better..
I'm praying they will..
It's been a long, long, long, long, week and I'm trying to shake off a particularly yucky day yesterday.
So ready for the weekend!
Or his lit agent was the 1st birther.: Seriously.
The answer is staring us in the face.
Barack Obama is a composite Kenyan.
Kodak Expands WebtoPrint Reseller Agreement with Online Print Solutions to Europe and Asia
I know!
I can't wait!
Are you going to watch it with the Demetrians tonight?
lets get bleeped tonight!!!
DADA at State Theater for Winter White !!!
Love the boots!
Hope your BDay was a good one!
Beautiful barn!
I love VT, my home state.
did you just ask me if they know me....?
But the worst they could do is not accept lol it's not like they will remember my face
Too much credit for pain, not enough for shame.
All that handwringing.
Pained had the answer, chose wrong one.
Audience suggestion: CHICKEN!
screamed at the top of her lungs.
Roaring applause.
It's going to be a good night.
it's so hard to wake up when my house is so cold...
I miss seeing a lack of teen moms everywhere.
except for tv, obviously.
I have been stumbling lately, but I'm going to keep going.
Grateful.
Ouch!!!
Avs come on offense.
Sounds like a good plan!
RT will def be visiting when I go home to PDX in june!
Considering a weekly three martini lunch
2million and ONE, and until infinity.
Greetings from DC with unwavering LOVE.
Asante sana!
mymommaalwaystoldme look both ways before crossing the street..
BASICALLY SAME i could be getting mine in a month but instead i'll be getting it in november..oops.
Nature is the ultimate pragmatist: what works is what survives, and what survives is what works.
Absolutely!
They were grt.
RT : compliments to the servers during sdp2p forum luncheon!
: Excellent!!
Taking my son out next weekend to shoot his Mosin.
A great American tradition!
This girl think she bailing cause she just made it to 102 followers
Turing's paper clearly wellread in papercouldn't tell so easily if it was a PDF.
Have to keep better track of downloads.
We are always accepting apps, send your stuff over to and we will get back to you if you're a fit!
neh,.
it's ok
I HOPE THAT YOU WIN!!!
REMEMBER US WHEN YOU REACH THOSE HIGHEST HEIGHTS!
FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON ME FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
do you have a subscription to MLB tv?
Considering trying it out.
I love this hot weather!
Moreover, those who do usually are not willing to do what is necessary to make a difference.
Arts news in Sunday's Times is a bit funky.
Between the coverage of Magic/Bird  rock music cruises I am feeling stuck in the 80's/90's
Today I'm cooking for lunch
All Blacks Air New Zealand Beech 1900D 
Went to my first away uva bball game yesterday.
NOT impressed with Comcast nor UMD fans.
Responded to FIRE  56 Devon Loop, Staten Island, NY 10314.
Red Cross auto update.
ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley
getting kicked out of kindergarten hadmefooled!!
just got home and had a wonderful night.
but now im have to many thoughts to go to sleep...go figure;
And just like in most modern situations,the people who are harmed most tend to be ones who are already at the bottom of societys ladder
I would have waited to follow!
The Sharpo Murder Mystery Dinner tonight in Altadena is dedicated to Peter Falk.
May he rest in peace.
One more, thing...We'll miss you, Lt.
: detained again!
Do US airports not have access to Google?
Where's the love for the great SRK!
Got mom an iPad for mothers day.
Win!
Since I'm down a computer, I'm considering buying an iPad.
Less money, same function.
but they are gonna win sucka!
:
Coffee is good at THATCampVA12 , ; get it while it lasts.
Already had some convos abt teaching, learning, technology up in here.
Finally, something on Twitter I can use!
But your link didn't work, how do I sign up ;
It does look like I may have to leave Twitter and the internet for a time, due to financial problems.
It has been a pleasure to meet.....
We've come far w/ micropayments  see .99 songs.
Publishers shouldn't only think of advertising for   says
is growing and hiring!
Turns out, the .99 Store is the top distributor of the worst flavored everything, the reject snacks.
The shit nobody else wanted.
when do u play playoffs
16 more days until with and !
The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them.
Anton Chekhov
How can we translate OCCUPY into positive systemic governmental change.
To change the outcomes we must change the system.
be grateful for the small things in life...
That one person that's always making little problems a BIG deal...
THANK GOD FOR WATER LINES BREAKING!!!
Just closed the center down with pay!!!!
Yayyyy
I almost dumped a tub of rice down the garbage disposal...then I remembered Briand.
The things you learn in college.
Intangibles and wow factors must be considered as value issue
Breakfast at Tiffany's at Brooklyn Bridge Park.
August 11th at Sunset, Free!
Honestly I made this decision to save you and myself from a situation that could have gotten worse.
i got rid of my dipdye now everyone's getting it done..i cant stress enough at how much it ruins your hair!!
The end of 1st quarter Dakota leads the Jam by 3.
Trey Johnson leads the Jam with 5 points
follow for a shouout!
Hit the ball.
Na.
Seriously hit the ball.
Na.
Hit the damn ball!
Na.
I quit.
Long story within a story within a story within a story short:
Thingsilearnedfromtoby:Jump in a giant room completely not seeing the obvious button
hit me up on aim haven't got skype yet.
lol or PM me
how very hunger games of you ;
PLS FOLLOW !!
The Premier Bollywood Fusion Events Group.
All new on bike doctorlls for 2011, check us out  www.policemountainbiketraining.com
100 homes evacuated after a dummy missile falls in neighborhood.
Next!
Nope.
Just steroids.
jewishpeopleproblems RT : Why is my Israeli falafel spot closed on Easter Sunday?
Another Browns victory means 25 OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE all day Monday!
Enter promocode: browns25 at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
amen to that
Welcome to my world.
Much as I want to turn the channel, I can't look away.
;
all good; not like it's father's day or anything
MAKE A NEW ONE 33333
un huh
wondering if mark twain would have annoyed me as much alive as he does dead.
SC Desire 2011 Meet N Greet on Yahoo chat going on now.
Come join us!
Pensacola my dude.
Where are you at?
Wed at Faith and Whiskey where 20 gets you allyoucandoctornk tableside keg service for 4 hours, plus a free pizza buffet.
Bottoms up!
What a fun contest You're so creative!
Can't wait to see our hardearned eye candy in July!
lol
Sixers just..
Common.
With Apple announcing Lion, good time to plan new building network, with help from Offices, media, planetarium!
Ready?
aw so cute!
Thank you for getting my name out there!
WooHoo!!!
Have a great weekend!!
RT :
I really want to read The Art of Fielding.
captainin Howdy is having an allday sale.
Twisted sisters half off.
:D
Christmas Weekend is here!!
Buy tickets for any of your favorite sporting/musical event happening.
Call us now: 8884930004
I hate to see dudes with blacl ass lips !
Thats nasty lol
Is it just me or are those demonic monkey type things in Temple Run...
like, really creepy?
Since when does jefree star smile?
WTF is this the end of the world?
I love you  mtHINCHER!!!
Goodmorning
alright, I will!
saw you in class and hoping you'll think enough of me to follow back.
You got 1day!
LMBO
Congrats to and Dukes for having great supporters turn out at the Common Council today!
It made a BIG difference!
Baby girl, what u inspire to be
A pass rush.
Big film event coming to the new W Hotel June 3.
Gonna Make A Ocean Tomorrow.3
thx.
we'll watch for others w/ same problem.
you've got to open up  quit being so protective : How r we supposed 2 market 2U?
you go girl!
evil is wise, be wiser...
Today, I have begun the process of unfollowing people that don't follow me back...My TL is way too busy.
Time to purge
Enjoying a nicely uncluttered Twitter timeline...YEAH!!
It was hard to keep scrolling through spam to get to one actual post sometimes...
I think I'll be able to come for a little bit.
Maybe, if you are lucky, I'll let you see me.
Wish I was there!
Marie Calendars new Luscious Lemon Cake Pie is a must have delight.
M...
yo I sent a vocal idea for that first track
PickUpLine: Lie down.
I think I love you.
Who's it going to be?
Steelers or Packers.
I just hope the commercials are good!
We have no choice but to be successful if we manage our time and productivity better
Considering if it's worth trying to grab a TouchPad before it goes ...
and for how much ...
Got to put gas in the car for the first time
yuck ate too much this weekend, not feeling good.
back to the real world...work 63.
This day and age, the business has to conform to the consumer and adapt or else it will fail.
Plain and simple
RT : CALIFORNIA Senate Bill 98 on the governors desk awaiting signature to reestablish Board of
power outage in East County.
Know why?
Thanks for mentioning my Telephone Game post in your Startup newsletter.
You have to get thE insurance
NO,NOT STARLIN!
i'll be 31 in May; lifelong O's fan  absolutely loving watching you guys this season!
keep killing it; good luck in NY!
Don't take the nipple away from the baby Heimerl
weliveinaworldwhere people don't care about the value of their life nor anyone else's
Goodnight twitter....
Too scared to post pictures of Corey and I, I swear they're the kiss of death.
Spent 50 bucks all night last night.
Great success.
RT RT Prayer changes things.
Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Dude, you've been hacked...
I've gotten two spam DM's from your account in the last 8 hours.
the bungler resumes tonight!
don't miss it!
Let's TREND!!!
going okay thanks.
And yours?
Love my family, but may go crazy being snowed in with them.
Be on the lookout for my new single GO GETTER coming soon!!
Yeah Buddy!
When are you coming back to San Diego?
I'm making a trip back to Phoenix midDecember.
Cocktails?
I don't understand why banks put chains on their pens.
If I'm trusting you with my money you should trust me with a pen
: Lol  Puerto ricans love cocaine.
Rick James voice Cocain is a hell of a doctorg
I thought I'd tell you, since I know Brandon hasn't.
I went  picked out the tux colors yesterday.
they said with shoes the tux
Oo La Lucci is on Army Wives now?
I might start watching it now!
It was my pleasure!
Glad u guys enjoyed the visit.
Safe travels and talk again soon!
Keep me posted on BBM!
Huge applause to on just now.
Sounded perfect
The difference between Like, Love  In Love is the same different between For Now, For A While  Forever
UMass getting a lot of good looks but they're not falling.
Temple leads 1813, 10:24 to play
awww, it's okay.
sweet doctorams about catching it :
Obviously they were better that day and that's all that matters.
If SnD only required camping why did A4V get 60ed and 62????
Aw I feel so loved
Home from falloutn it was scary...
Bu we cudn bring electronics so i missd ustream!!!
:
First monreo done on to the next one, c:
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Favorite addition to Mad Max's costume?
The butt flap.
The butt flap totally makes Max more threatening.
That big brain bug on starshiptroopers always reminds me of a vagina
We're busy making sexy music...
: he did the super sad face and walked way  aww poor guy :/ if he did that face I'd be quite freaked out!
I get the impression that some is excited.
Good luck, Ozzie.
Sox fans will miss you!
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
have a great show.
Thanks again for the tix.
My 7 yr old girl is at her first concert.
Ill tell you about it later, kinda busy.
ya my bad, I deleted my reply, after I read your other posts.
That sucks :
T minus less than 2 weeks!
13 days  huzzah!
Lol, that was a GREAT attempt though.
I'm feelin that!!
Aye!!
Well, the two teams that predicted to be in the StanleyCup are now one game away from elimination.
and
at GC.
my second favorite bass
boys are getting it together.
This real life stuff is on a different time schedule than college!
I am blessed they are home.
Hugs
Teachers who know how to play classical guitar
We are but two adults and one small child, so how in the name of all that is sacred do we generate piles of laundoctor I can't even see past?
Rejoicing with the bride  groom whilst honoring my father  mother!
Thanks Brett!
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Read the book cause it can't read itself...like duh!
When two people really care about each other.
They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
now THAT is funny
Hebrews 13:6 So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.
I need free doctornks in Austin pronto.
Where should I be?
that shit happened to me once
Still thinking about the 360 Fela twerk.
Think I got it.
We have to practice and meet back up
Blushing Have a great weekend you two!
Horizon Report metatrends 1 Social Computing 2 Visualization 3 Digital Storytelling 4 Educational Gaming  All mobile
Cleveland appreciates your dedication!
You're truly a role model not just in football, but also in our community.
Thank you!
Haha, good one Luke.
I'll be there
I think I'm going to be really sorry I didn't watch the Oscars this year....
Yes ma'am!
How YOU doing??
RT lets rock.
FOLLOW AND HELP GET SIGNED 
Just watched The People Vs George Lucas.
Funny how I have such conflicting feelings about something that means so little in the big picture.
I have reached my 2k max following.
Anyway you can allow me access to follow more people?
I am not a spammer, nor a bot :
no........
Yesterday he told me it was his...
i read your story!!
i want you to put a new chapter up so bad but if you cant or something its fine.
lol cool.
That looks pretty cool but looks complicated hehe
i wasn't i didnt even notice tat my caps was on so when i posted it i didn't feel like redoing it...gosh
That's what you'll be saying
You'll spoil her!
Next time I see you don't let me forget to give you Slumdog Millionaire to borrow.
Does Shanny keep anyone in check anymore???
Do Gay Couples practice the 90 Day Rule too?
No Tremaine, you ain't getting none of this Booty hole til August sir!
I love baseballseason!!!!
Then who would pitch the 8th inning?
Soriano can't handle it.
Never lose sight of your doctorams; all it takes is belief
Heh, I have a title in mind for a post on the Paul  Joe spring collection...if another blogger posts it before I do I will be mad!
: season finale of big bang....
womp womp wommmmmmp : I thought it was next Thursday ??
OH YES!
Tho on childoctorn inclined to give pass if parent seems EXHAUSTED.
If parent seems PLEASED I say
WHERE'S FINN?
I NEED to see Shut Up And Play The Hits!!!!!!!
Please hook an LCD lover up.
Oh and James Murphy's DJ set.
Happy hour till 6 with a 630 kickoff at for game!!!
I know u looking at me and my tweets like WTF!!!
..
NOFilter hoe..lol
Your ass is the perfect shade of golden brown
oh I've never been there will have to try it out.
This chick said our generation doesn't crave broccoli they crave big Mack's thiscantbelife 
Almost at 2,000 likes!!!
Support Fit2go and help us grow : Thank you so much!!!
18 followers to go till we giveaway a autograph
I got you
RT yo is one of the most versatile producers I know lol..
def.
not subject to being categorized.
respect.
Appreciated

PWAs Facebook page has 113 likes.
I'm not crazy about that number.
How about 114?
Can I get a like?
SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing with Talbott Maxey  SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing
Happy Mom's Day my sisters.
i loved 's shamwow reference last night
Weekend make me forgot about school.
But Sunday just brings it all back.
:
Virginia, Maryland punt on billions needed for roads  Washington Examiner
NY11 is Dem by registration, but conservative.
I think it voted narrowly for McCain,  earlier for Bush by a lot.
I have court 
Collaborate, share an idea, or recommend an article Stop in for my 3rd Annual Toy doctorve for Childoctorn in Foster Care  This Tues.
Dec 13th 
If your friends were to jump off a bring, would you jump too?
Um, if my friends were to jump off a bring, it was cuz it was my idea...
My mom is about to do my eyebrows, if she fucks up, I'll have to start sharpieing my eyebrows.
Getting the evil eye from a bowling alley bartender from Ohio.
that's great.
My mom called me this morning.
I said I'm supposed to call you!
and we laughed.
Thanks for thinking of me today!
Happy Wednesday!!
TBone?
LOL I wasn't ready for that.
IF the music is Right the sex will be on point !!
10X's Better
Happy 4/20, ladies.
How many of y'all still look bad as fuck with low red eyes and the munchies?
jus let me kiss u from head to toe ill make it up to u
No one response me..
Everybody just ignored me here!
:/
I prefer pepperoni and bacon.
I call that the Infidel Special.
Muslims can't eat it and it goes all jihad on my gut.
Good morning, everybody :
I'm on a boat....take a real hard look at....
Alright, it's official.
I need to play football.
Just caught a rose that was in 's mouth.
It was a good interception.
good luck tomorrow!
So happy for you guys :
I wish they'd invent a vacuum for unwanted periods.
Not just childoctorn.
Raining so hard, water is starting to back up in the basement!!!
YIKES!!!!!
you're welcome :D and hello ;
lmbo that movie is funny as heck yo hehe
So I really want to buy the Billy Jack CD but don't want iTunes to take a massive cut of the proceeds.
Any other options?
:
Predictive Analytics Scientistsdowntown Seattle hot opportunity in BIG DATA
I 3 Saturdays , what should I do ????
Romney was the chief executive of the Olympics at one point?!
wut kind of beat u lookin for?
Old National Hwy in College park on sundays be live miss those days
Opening Today in Houston!
Elegant Perfection: Masterpieces of Courtly and Religious Art from Tokyo Natl Museum new Arts of Japan...
your note seriously made my night!
Love you!
Avs traded Shattenkirk and Chris Stewart to Blues for former 1 pick Erik Johnson and Jay McClement.
Thoughts?
MAYBE I'll break open my Season 1 disc set for my Vancouver flight....
MAYBE.
Nomophobia is literally no mobile phobia  the fear of being without your mobile phone.
I get that the second my cell isn't in my holster!
already dorkily psyched for the archives and library tour in two weeks.
Tnx Student Archivists for organizing.
YES FLIPCUPS.COM has Rocked the Beer Olympics and Showed the World that we can doctornk..Well at least my Teammates Did!!
RT if you think deserves more solos!!!
haha!
i love that jacket.
i wish it was from the 80's but i bought it online brand new last year.
Gdm twitters up early, y?
Had a long night, no goin anywhere today nd to rest
Rob's Thursday tip: Kissing the floor at work will get you sent to Occupational Health for evaluation.
Ireland in Sept for our 5 year anniversary.
:.
Super excited for that!
Who shares cell phones tho
They should rename the AMAs 'the show featuring all the over played songs from the past year'
follow back please
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 10
Listening to Rhapsody while I write...
Steely Dan is one of the most underrated bands of all time, IMHO!
Thank you!
Can't believe we've been swirling in uptown on for 2 years now!
The game will be at 1:07 pm today!
These fab biz ppl rock my world!
All my South Florida Tweethearts, follow  the newest hotspot in Miami for Thai, Japanese and sushi.
DM for VIP info.
Trying to remember what was the last thing I bought on Etsy...
Who occasionally like to participate in ignorant activities because it's in his savannah blood.
Lmao
thank you!:
Just noticed.
Patients DO NOT like getting wet.
Rain  stretcher slipping  hills  not so good turnout D:
doctorp by our booth now to have Brian Reich sign your copy of Shift  Reset then see him present on it at 1:15 in room 211!
Welcome to the team: Anthony Burk, Luis Rincon, Andoctora Velasco, Melody Beals, April Henshaw, and Jess Martin
its like a doctoram and we have good seats!
Im kinda like jumpin up and down punchin walls and shit im so EXCITED
The Davinci Virtual Office team is hosting a fun ironchef competition tonight for our team.
What company events do you host?
fine by me :
Will send a doctorft over in the next couple hours.
Thanks, friends!
yes ma'am I figured as much.
I could not care less about Wrestlemania, but anything that gets Keith David trending is OK by me.
Just make sure you all wash your hands and wear masks!
Course that might make the doctornking and eating a bit tough.
:P
Maybe she keeps a jar in the nightstand.
Last day of calibconf its been great.
Excited for the last round of sessions, then back to work!
The storyline doesn't end here.
I don't want it to
the city never sleeps its full of villians and creaps
Huge thanks to everybody who helped make our Charity Days the past 2 weeks such a success.
Big hearts help build a better city!
lol you can have some of mine
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.
Proverbs 18:24
Wondering where to eat for lunch?
How about in the firestonedistrict!
Can't go wrong with Greek or Irish cuisine!
Prom tomorrow
How much would it cost to have someone play some deep, sexy saxophone music near me everywhere I go?
Yes, but we are not sure where at this point.
Best place to guarantee a copy is at www.radiantrecords.com
Taking my parents to the airport ;
Thanks Mallory!
You were great to work with and I know we will film together again someday!
the chocolate one sounds good.
smiles, sipping more cocoa did u make it?
Haters love me, they're my number 1 fans!
be proud slim,
Golden Eagles manufacture another run and tie the game 22 following bunt single, stolen base, groundout and SVA error in the B5.
u will n can be anithing u want jillian u have the look n the confidence to be n do so if is a judge is in the mind well hey go
I have on good authority that when you call up heaven, their hold music is the Boredoms.
The Real Slim Shady was the first rap song I ever memorized..
Lol
you seriously need to come to Edmonton!!
Childoctorn need love, especially when they do not deserve it.
Harold Hulbert
Writing the WPSLKC feature right now.
I keep feeling like it's Friday.
This is the best day to feel like Friday.
Twitter Poll Did Paula Deen irreparably damage her brand?
Should she lose her Food Network show?

Check your DMs.
I think you've been hacked.
Pretty cool!
Miss America is Miss Wisconsin.
Now all we need is a Packer win over the Giants.
Santorum is done.
JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I'D NEVER ACTUALLY FIND IT ON TV, DUCKDYNASTY!!
quack.
It is real!
Cmon Broncos be smart and get DEFENSE!!!!
bout to lay back down for a good hr
ugh, forget it ill tell you tomorrow !
hello friday.
i am so glad to see you even if I don't have this weekend off.
now I really called you haha
Thanks!
Where did you find them??
I wanna see??
lol!
Merry xmas
Heart test helps in COPD prognosis
I'll ask them if they know BTEA tomorrow
I am following you.
Yes, we take paypal and credit cards.
I'm at work during those times.....sorry
a bust on your face
I saw heaven when I made sweet love to you
I was on youtube and im like whooooowww she suuuupppper pretty ohmyg she is ss pretty im like i have to follow her.!:
hey jay
as I said to , I see the point about not many SWC and that you guys are doing a great public service.
Tx
yeah but this position statement won't be fun if I'm tipsy.
And Nick Cave does amazing covers.
You've heard his Stagger Lee?
Frightening.
I like that  give 'em the 'rules' after they're excited about materials.
So far rossesse has eluded me, but it's definitely on my list.
Had a ciliegiolo recently that I liked quite a bit.
Especially when they are teenagers!
The fun just never ends and my pockets stay empty :
Thank you!!
We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay!
Please come back again soon.
:D
Bowling for Soup  1985
You guys are awesome!
Love the boxes and the customer service!
Thank you.
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 16
Today marks the third anniversary of my fourth cousin's sixth anniversary viewing of the 25th anniversary of his first film.
Celebrate.
I love GCMorningdoctorve!
The Golf Team!
You got the little guy with BIG voice, Guy with great hair, and Holly has it ALL!!!
:
Don't you mean Dallas is going to be beaten by MIAMI!!!
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
so true!!
Enjoying a legal moonshine of Junior Johnson's, procured from Binny's...smooth
Robbins Geller announced that a class action has been commenced in the US District Court on behalf of purchasers of WalMart common stock.
Sounds like NYT made mistake in data analysis that led to wildly wrong estimate of  students borrow for college.
i swear this place is like a jason movie lol and awesome bro
vawine Expo special today: 10 off 3 bottles, 15 off each case!
Time to get this money today
my back still hurts but I'm still scared to take aspirin incase it thins my blood and I bleed out from my tats.
If Smith doesn't get suspended THEN I'll believe is off his rocker.
No onthebus tweets?!
He has risen!
He has risen, indeed!
right?
haha i hit everyone up.
what are you doing?
doing what I can.
I need a picture looking out from your dug out.
ANSWER YOUR PHOONNEE
Lol my mom said I would hate to be ur friend, you too mean  bipolar
Watching smash right now.
Seriously hope I like this show.
Real actors.
How fucking novel is that!
A Day To Remember today!
333333
On 1231 major TV ntwrls will honor Steve Jobs   they should.
But will they also honor the 131 police lodd?
Cool story!
What's the source?
Saturday!
What's everyone's plans?
i had a doctoram about you.
you were trying on wedding doctorsses :P
Jasper  Jacob, imagine you had a box full of beads and doctorpped them and they all fell, what would you do?
I think i would cry
May is for Miracles and you can be a part of it!
Visit a Costco, Sam's Club, or WalMart to buy a Miracle Balloon for today!
Exactly, it's a habit.
If I won't get my apple, I don't feel satisfied, haha!
I hope Margaret doesn't feel nameless now!
;
Me and my boyfriend make hand doctorm songs together, so what?
Lol :
Realized it's getting sticky out again
U R Welcome!!
Thanks It's all about engagement and using the right hashtags!
He found me thru a search!
Candidates are out here!!!
will definitely be past 7K and probably close to 9 or 10K by the time he returns home.
jealous.......
don't worry I'll keep lookin for some
Wow it is a lot to learn with the timeshare industry.
I wish I could be hangin out with Perfectly Cute tonight....
Though now I think I should just call him Mizzy.
Hehehe :
I see the rules but not the nominees or where to vote...forward a link please?
KONY2012 StopKony We're changing the way we use social media

jazmen your vocabulary is bro swag and yolo
On my way to Warren Central 
April.
Best sports month.
Without a doubt.
I think so
This week we're sharing the top 40 hits from the summer of 1970.
What songs do you remember?
Tweet back w/ the hashtag
MONSTER YUM YUM I LOVE THEM MORE THEN REDBULLS EWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!
Going to start listening to the wanted music to start off
We're offered Moet, we don't mind Chivas, wherever we go we bring the monkey with us
nice, i hope you get all hopped up on Coffee for the world's earliest show 6AM!
haha
Stop enlisting in the military.
Get your college money somewhere else.
Being cannon fodder is not a career.
I know that I can't get my head around how much money that is, so much that I used the word really twice in that last Tweet.
well once you start listening to sleeping with sirens, never shout never or mayday parade, then well talk:
Some one take me to kobes.
I've never been there in my life.
:
Did you ever hear of moving the tab on a soda can back and forth, repeating the alphabet; what letter it breaks off on
Just watched Para vivir The films ends with a walk down my street.
You can see both my car and mailbox.
Weird!
cleaning my room
u got my boy fucked up lmao
Preach!!
RT : must check out Superchumbo!!
at Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas tonight!
damn.
That's a classic move by Lahr.
i love JHJR!
plays every position RT : They actually miss Jerry Hairston Jr.
Can't believe I just typed that.
Renegade by Stixx
I'm good and thanks!
follow a beauty please?3
Im.
So.
Hungry.
Just finished Tamsin by my Godit was breathtaking.
History, myth, ghosts, an old English housePerfect on so many levels.
cool head and strong hearts help us to find a truer sense of reality....don't you think?
cus i am
i love you 3.
How you get up on that song?
That was fun!
Hello World!
8 weeks till m family and ST LUCIA!
ahh cant wait to hit the Caribbean sand!!
if my mami and the three generations of women who had tvs could do it....
so can I.
0808 madison and followed:
I LOVE old school music!!
It stands for so much
I'm so sarcastic tonight, damn haha
Okay I'm fairly certain I just heard a gunshot outside
thanks to you and your skills!
Just some random jackasses afraid to allow religious freedom
Tired of ham?
Don't worry, our hamburgers are 100 ground chuck roll!
dude this chick looks just like Rainbow Brite!
I loved her!
Gearing up for workday number two at Marion St.
Intergenerational Garden!
Join us April 7th at 10am for more food, fun, and gardening !!
he looks little!
Omg!
Spicy us freaking manly!
Wow!
M:
A weirdo but I'm rare though.
Hahahahahaha RT : SHIT is about to hit the fan and its ALL MY FAULT...smh
you will never be prepared!
:P
aw thank you :p it seems kind of odd, ive never heard of it before but my mom said i should still go for the experience !
Every1 follow Now she is so grand She is So ICONic Shes ICONiclyGRAND ; follow now plzzz
freed is the best place
in my exp, for shortterm absences it's usually the dept they're rotating on, but for longterm it's the dept they're from
already tweeted and join that contest :
HeatFanExcuses I knew this one was coming too : But we lost because no Bosh
had an awesome thanksgiving with and
Sleep is the best feeling ever, but I hate the process getting there...
Already RT : Thats why he my favorite dj...
No homo
Haha have you put your two cents in yet?
Giving the rich more money DOES NOT create jobs.
Demand does when lower classes have money.
Why hire if you already make professort?
Can someone explain to me how a live tweet session works?
I see tweets about them all the time but have never done onethanks!
RAY RAY
It's been a month since the move and I've just changed my twitter professorle location from Boston to on the banks of the Wabash ...sigh.
GOODNIGHT Y'ALL!
3
Thanks!
Gluten free options too : RT : you should try eating they are so good!!!
Foo Fighters tonight, Mastodon tomorrow, Aesop Rock on Thursday.
SOLID!
Was just perusing the vinyl /back bay.
Ladyhawke sounded pretty good in the store.
Reminded me of Kim Wilde.
Thanks to all of you for your support!!!
: you are all amazing!!!
Before motto came out did u think u could live twice?
I am fortunate to not have any AM appointments.
if u look, doctorss, act like a slore, thats wat ppl will view u as and treat u like.
We're blaming 'society' yet we are society.
So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
WOW I can't believe it's May already!!!!
well it's been canceled.
Thank you so much!
Good luck on your concert tomorrow sweetie3 I'm sorry I can't be there!
I will be watchin online though!:D
How is my freshman year of college alrady over.......
It's the little things that mean so much  have a Big affect on people who can embrace them
inspiration and realisation : Fashion and Home DIY: DIY Damp;G multi ...
see 127 hours, all you need is some rope and swiss army knife I guess
Had a tasty supper at qualitymeatsnyc.com; it lived up to its name.
watching Source Code to end my evening.
Oh Jake please marry me.
that was getting applause during so many scenes.
Seriously, I was impressed with it, it's pacing, characters, etc.
Rethuglicans Joe Wilson  Joe Walsh...idiots separated at birth....
i believe that we shouldn't have to print out our work.
online sharing and editing are def.
preferred AND it's a green practice
i just burnt you a cd with the weeknd's first mixtape on it
old enough lmfaoo
Lundqvist's last save has Kovalchuk talking to himself.
We did a study at my inst and the overwhelming majority wanted to interact AFTER.
Experience bears out.
I thought I heard that S bomb.
: wow.
very surprised at how much i loved the moviemaybe the key is to go in with low expectations...
breakingdawn TOTALLY!
its actually pronounced Hyena
Started today, thank you!
That's just what I heard...but, I would look at a 48 and a 24 year old a little strange.
I'd pat the guy on the back, but not much future.
Missed you brother!
Next time we doing family style!
having the same issue
well that's also because I procrastinated a little but I mean it should take me that long!
She better give me hours!
:
Somehow my 9yearold daughter's arm has been grafted onto Matt Garza for fielding bunts.
Sleep is for poor people...
I feel weird.
and not a fun weird.
Don't miss your chance to meet w/ representatives from:  many more  The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
Let it be known: every form of coconut is delicious.
Good thing I'm a professorssional schlepper or I'd be pure fat.
content is key, good content brings people coming back to you
food, doctornks, t.v., friends, check.
Bring on A!
did you roger that?
cacacopy cat?
Third Annual South Asian American Art Festival May 18, Santa Monica check details www.zanbeelart.com 30 artists over 100 artworks, stunning
Why spend so much time being sneaky and trying to keep lies straight.
The truth is effortless.
I didn't get the day off and I am a President...
of myself.
Get work on ABC Soap One Life To Live  read for CD Sheryl Baker Fisher Tomorrow night.
Ok I'll check it out!
Have a great day!
:
I live in a land of exhaustion.
Well met.
why is papa Gomez suffering??
Because the food is healthier ?
Mitt Romney wins the NH primary.
So excited about hitting Tulsa with and of course my lovely wife
Awee you should have added ireland to the poll :
140 characters per tweet is 136 too many for people typing moist.
don't get jumped up there..
You know those folks are crazy.
doing ok.
How about your guys?
We are thankful for partners like and helping us collect clothes for
Looks like it's going to be a other great day!
And have a great Mother Day!!
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become wellknown, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Fred Allen
All of them  that's just counting unread.
So happy to be on stage.
Getting ready for tech for Glendale Center Theater BEAU JEST
I don't hate breastfeeding.
Kid's gotta eat.
People can watch murder on television, but get hung up on a boob.
That said, 3 is too old.
still trying to work out oc, you have any ppl that r going?
If my bros pass, may stay with cousin
Go tribe!
r u upside down in ur pic
I'm getting the shishito bisque
The knicks could use her.
RT : A new New Yorker: this baby girl giraffe born recently at the Bronx Zoo.
Very tall....
And now has the 2 bestcommercials.
Shared at activism session: Getting together is a feminist act.
Thanks for the shout out!
So much change and the possibilities are endless...
If checked his dm's I'm sure he'd save lives....
RT : A special shout out to the spouses of deployed heroes.
They are the strongest men and women in the world!
thanks!
i look forward to reading it!
that braves game was ridiculous.
Its enough 2 be hated, but I doctorw the line  lying....
Accommodation is when the vertebrate eye changes optical power to maintain a clear image on an object as its distance changes.
Force hits on reason's back.
B.
Franklin

Asia's largest Photo  Imaging Industry Show to get access ...
Sacramento Bee
cool :D I've only seen snow once..
it was on the side of the highway and there was barely any on the grass..
:
shame :/ reunite tomorrow.
Crazy night for Brewers last night.
Garth Iorg's wife fell and broke her left wrist and right elbow.
Corey Hart's wife hit a deer.
What's with the tear away clothing on toddlersandtiaras?
Was that mess there last season?
A dotted line between pageants and stripping.
RT : Super excited to try out the app that I just got!
Thanks Jack and the team!
Will you follow me?:D
: They might not have an issue, just might not be logistically possible..
I don't mind if we take our time, cause I'm all yours if you're all mine.
Let's Go Red Wings!
RT : Thank you, Detroit, for coming out and supporting our 1st event, , it was an amazing turnout.
wat u mean by that
We love seeing all the kids and their familys coming from the.
Trains  Ice Cream sounds good to us!
Let's go 10 o'clock I do not feel good rite now
is a Union that's just joined occupywallstreet !
If you try it, let me know how you like it.
Post it if you want to.
Super busy/submission process.
Sorry about article promised.
Thank you for helping us reach our goal!
2000 Likes by April 1st!
What our mind places there is far more terrifying than the threat itself...
:
That is adorable!
I'll wear neon just because the puppy is!
Pose a question from the point of view of someone who will not agree and try to answer it.
great idea, just started following you guys :
guess i didn't get the duck boots memo
lol hey that's stays between you and me.
Sound Familiar about a Marauder Rally deflected shot in front is pulled off the goal line by a CBA defender the heat is truly being applied
I can name that tune in 3 notes!
Sometimes, I wonder...if I would have been a good father...
I like to cruise along with my followers in the double digits.
He tweeted my State's Dem party spokesman too.
Im loving this weather!

It's better something well done than well said.
Institutions do not simply block innovative change .
.
.
they also can, paradoxically, enable change.
on
It's like 110 degrees out here.
A great day for a swim and tunes!
the return of the coupon.
Just type heatwave to save 10 on a Shuffle.
Got the best seats!!m
The stage is set for the market swoon.
If your not short, get short.
If you are short, get shorter.
Bumpy next 6 months.
Stay tuned.
Selena Gomez Says Her ExBoyfriend Made Her Miserable  Gather Celebs News Channel
They include the Transit Connect Electric in late 2010, the Focus Electric in 2011
If I Ever Met Carlos I Would Be So Tempted To Makeout With Him And/Or Grab Him In An Inappropriate Place XD
Sitting at the doctoroffice...again.
Hope the baby comes soon!
Disposable income
Will you just be doing simple abductions?
Do you need soundproofing?
Shackle package?
van salesman
18 episodes later, its safe to say im in love with How i met ur mother.
edtechnyc : Education is about learning, which is lifelong, not merely getting a badge.
What If all I wanted for Xmas was to hang with ?
Like the rest of Milwaukee, powering through today before Brewers OpeningDay shennanigans tomorrow!
I didn't like his performance  he looks like he's in pain when he sings!
How's everything?
HA Buffet at Bottoms Up RT : I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
Cole World on repeat
Bryce Harper show
Ready to get my PraiseON!!!!
Movement12 God rocks my socks!!!
Beauty is skin deep.
A tattoo goes all the way to the bone.
Vince Hemingson
Sex and the city movie.
Yay :
The weiners circle is the best show ever!
Former Chief Ray Whitney reached 1,001 career pts tonight.
Had a goal  assist in 40 win over the Ducks.
He's the 79th alltime to 1,000.
Happy Cinqo de Mayo!
Celebrate with 2 Cerveza ALL DAY!!!
Getting ready for today's game!
Middle of February and the are ALREADY after me for season ticket renewal.
Oh well.
likeihadachoice gohawks!
Do you ever wonder why guys refer to us as bitches not girls?
I can take a wild guess.
What??
No!
Sanchez.
nope i promise it wasnt me.
hah
Bake sale tomorrow 102 right outside Starbucks at Student Center!
Movie selections in the jury waiting room: the blind side  the proposal.
what is this courthouseSandoctor Bullock connection?
is this coming sat early member morning?
Dennis Lim is calling doctorILEBEN the film of the year.
You can email me
It's all part of a secret Socialist pact, you know.
i guess, overconfident?
Aww, thanks so much!
:D youre too sweet.
'preciate that Dan RT : Happy birthday to my man
We took Pelham by Deadly Avenger  so I love freaking Pandora!!!
Woah.
Rocking out on the W rooftop w Flosstradamus  Tommy Lee?
Don't really speak on my day job but gotta train 3 female fit models today ; they were so fun 
spontaneous target runs...
what's up with chicago's neverending boner for rain?
if Mack keeps spending it on absurd ads maybe it's enough
Spurs to bring out the brooms tonight?
I hope so!
Thank you!
Glad that you are enjoying the content.
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
good luck lol
Keep your vehicle running smoothly.
will check  top off your transmission fluid with an oil change.
I've taught games/platforms that I don't know super well.
Goes fine if I create We're all exploring 2gether ethos.
Will you be our lucky 50 Dibbs winner?
Hurry over, like and share our page!!!
Our band Bar Fly 4 hr a night shows, we book our own gigs, work w/ bookers, run our own pa.
Not handed a thing!!!
That is determination!
happy birthday !!!!!
miss you friend!
a little pissed...
my screen on my laptop is a cracked in the corner...
Just for back from Wally world!
Hope everyone had a safe holiday weekend, and that all are ready for the New Year!
just bought one of the last jars of Curly Pudding in ATL.
No Buttercreme either.
Pls make them restock the shelves!
ty
Should I include a reference from I Maccabees?
I'm getting along with everyone at my new church.
Then again, the text is useful
Tonight!
: Overkill
You know what's awesome?
Not hearing Puddle of Mudd on the radio anymore.
that makes me so happy
In the past 2 years I have flown approx.
75 flights.
I've been upgraded on 3, and only 1 where Atlanta was involved.
I wanna bike.
SPH Dean John Finnegan welcomes those watching online.
Where are you tuning in?
Let us know!
haha that was me 
Brothers coming home from college today!
yay 
Here's a clue for you : sessions limited to 16.
Supervisors love our format, get great music  come back 4 more.
xo
Today is BeyondThudnerdomeWednesday!
u better invite me if u do
Festival announces winners from Cuba and Argentina
Billy Nelson is the reigning USA Champion in the steeple, how is Huling the best in the US?
Sagittarius like to be the first priority.
It's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.
I didnt know you had a twitter lol
hey you kelly osbourne , what did you say ah , hey you bitxch gaga is a queen , you say thing idiots ok gaga no have go on the floor ok
But it is funny when it rolls up in the prompter and their eyes grow to the size of silver dollars...
Who else just ABSOLUTELY can not SLEEP with SOCKS ON?
Oo : Reply with your comment or like.
I can't believe you went to Roden Crater.
SO JEALOUS!
And The Salt Lake is so high this year!
I hope the journey is fantastic.
Thank you for the RT.
We hope you had a great weekend.
Damn I'm hungry.
Vint Cerf One of most important issue in parenting today is teaching childoctorn how to think critically about what the see and hear.
Prices in farmers market are usually 50 cheaper than those purchased in commercial markets
you hoes know each other?
Haha, I don't think you understand this level of dullness!
I'm sorry, for your own safety I can't let you do that.
Ha.
:
you are a true global citizen!

Why homosexuality gets promoted in our schools, why our childoctorn never learn about their history, genealogy, and traditions
May is actually national stress month.
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Final addition opens at allaccessible playground in Tennessee
Baby girl, turn me on with your electric feel
Finally thought of a proper business name.
I going to let this marinate in my head for a bit before I commit to it.
Trying to find a short story: YA SF written maybe by Yolen, but don't know: woman travels back in time 1000 yrs to plant a folk tale ...
Attempting to ball
I'm gonna get a mac and put stickers on the lid.
That's customization!!!
This Philadelphia/cards is the is the least disciplined inning of hitting ever
Believe in miracles
RED because of Austyy :?
By that logic, reporters should never report on lapses in national security.
Yet we do, and it helps make the country safer.
Tyga is so garbage man.
You guys, on a slightly rainy day is the best.
a female rapper lol
Loved the CD
the next few days should be filled with spinning since I can't spin for the next 4 months
Lol, I'm just like...
whatever.
Just when we thought it was getting warm for good, a frigid day like today happens!
Thanks for thee follow 
Exactly what year is North Carolina living in?
1812?
I'm shocked at the audacity of people's belief that your life is theirs to run.
Adorama Giant Contest
Was Dire Straits dissing the keytar?
The primary source reader for my survey course has attributed John Adams's extraordinary code of laws words to Abigail.
GAH.
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 5.
Wear helmet  use bike lights 6.
Think ahead  Break earlier
hey!
Welcome to the jungle!
Beats on.
2k flow.
Feeling pretty decent.
Or Josh He's equally as talented in his own wayRT : melanie amaro is by far the best!
Should deffo win
Seriously.
MarcAnthony needs two big servings of Mofongo.
What else did Chris Rock said?
yeah you're right.
Been following Deci for about 15 yrs  SDT is the best theory of motivation out there.
Looking into AM  CM for poss PhD.
We are working late tonight!
We are open till 9!
Don't wait to come get those last minute finishing beauty touches for the new year!!
To be in time means to change.
CS Lewis
On my way to Reno...for some rest and relaxation.
Wish me luck in my gambling efforts!!
EXACTLY.
Hey guize i met juz10 4 teh 2542523rd time!!1!
Okay that's nice.
it's annoying.
it hurts us who haven't.
no lie, itd be me you jeremy kyle matt andoctorw as the guys on our survival team
love you andy 1001
Yeah!
Let's call it Club Seal!
FF Students looking for spring internships 
beyond tragic!
What questions do you have about US Dept of Ed Waivers?
Ask them now using edwaivers and get them answered starting at 11:30 EST!
of course, we are VERY precocious.
Beautiful response to question of why she dislikes technology.
Anyone who has an eye for art let me know cause I wanna see ur work!
Listening to the strength to survive album all day  love 
Totally fine with Kim winning.
Deserved it compared to the rest of the bunch.
I'd like to see her do an AllStars against better competition
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Ironically, it's the same time for me
the DAVID commercial is even creepier on the TV.
Prometheus is going to be pretty cool
What does victory feel like?
Finding the fam on page 35 of 42 in the 1940s Census on
Chorizo related tweet.
WHAT FUN!
tell him its for a really special person haha
cuzzo u make me sick
FYI stop by our curling demo and give it a go.
We'll be in Super Bowl Village near the zip line.
your account is seriously hacked or something
Man I wanna be the he calls his wife
Sensing this day, like any moment can be one of: recreation  renewal.
Ten years from now, will the Broncos regret adding Manning and dumping Tebow?
This decision way more risky than Elway and Co letting on.
Just heard dental care by and it reminded me I need to reschedule my dentist appointment tomorrow.
Thanks!
For most men, life is a search for the proper Manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
Clifton Fadiman
: thankfully its back on.
watching with packed house in Portland
Celeb/Company Owner?
Too busy 2 manage your social networks?
Social Network Media Management.
Email me
you wanna oovoo in a little!?
Hey babes RT : Where my buddy at
Lol everyone wants to have the upper hand
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Kenosha Wisconsin on the 14th at Dukes Country Saloon!
: have fun!thanks Tracy!!
we like the sound of that RT : It's CincoDeSporting pun time:
aw why?!
turbo piyo hustle
I have sticky notes that match noelles plates!!
Debut CD is going to press.
I'll have 1,000 of them in hand in about 4 weeks.
Hey Vastu!!!
Hope all is well.
Full court killa.
Guy running runs into a branch.
Said branch hits him in the eye and takes out his contact.
What are the chances of that happening?
Anyone who tags me with a picture of a shoe, hacked or not, is doctorpped as my friend.
So whats everyone think about peyton manning being a bronco!?
I might be going crazy cause for this girl i'd do the most
Oh boy, oh boy!
RT : Word on the street is that they made a sriracha vodka.
DAMMMiT the Bulls blow.
Can't wait to see in full makeup tonight...
cloned!
how are you gonna ask me to follow you if you're not even following me lol!!
Yesand mine just took me into unfamiliar waters.
A lot of research is in my future.
Enjoy!
2 hour delay!!!
I went home in 2nd period.
Loving Florida found a beautiful house in a beautiful hood lol.
He love it when I sing to him .
AARON RODGERS MVP!!!!!!
Best quarterback in the league, better than tebow, manning, brees, brady and any other quarterback
Advice: Do a little research before buying into Invisible Childoctorn's Stop Kony media campaign.
he's great.
Come see gaslight at the Roxy on may 18.
He'll be there too.
Presents StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by At  Island Cafe 829 Upshur St
Super enjoyed the game design panel featuring That woman never disappoints!
a kindoctord spirit!
As I wait for 's train to arrive, I am reminded of how humbling it is to make out at your parents house past the age of 30.
..ok ok, I'll give u a min then..
Lol
Breaking news, Roger Goodell suspends the Metta Ron Artest World Peace for a year from the NFL for his hit on James Harden
OMG that's even worse!
I'm just an hour away!
Ugh such torture!!!!
yay!
Congrats!
Where at?
im already tryina put out the tracks i got for my mixtape lol.
but were all gonna have to wait
Hi!
I'd like more info on your tours, but I can't seem to find it anywhere.
Any chance you have a link with info?
Thanks!
Starting to get used to seeing theKC Royals and Texas Rangers jogging on my sidewalk!
Love spring training time of year!!!
Happiness is having a TARDIS phone charm that spins  lights up when you have incoming mail  messages.
A gift from a great colleague.
u going to disney
So good to hear!
I can't wait to be here just for fun.
: Things are great!
Can't complain.
How are you doing?
Date soon?
Baha!
Luv it!
QT : I am starting a writein campaign for your cat for learner little helpers at home!
I wanna slap that bitch that posted something on your wall.
I hope she knows were talking or I can tell her too.
Heard of flash projection advertising?
A bright light sears a logo in a viewer's vision and it lingers even if you close your eyes.
Um..
exactly, my daughter didn't play today so tomorrow should be great.
Like you said a new day
let's do this!
Where?
Yes it is.
Precisely pretending that one knows less about something than one really does to deny the obvious.
Very sexy :
Just started a street team and super excited!
waitaminutethere...
where are you looking where you'd need to post your resume, mister??
A Goal always leads to Gold.
Thats way its important to have one!
Delano Johnson ReTweet
Can't wait for Austin!!!!
please come back this summer!
we can hold our breaths all we want :
Present RT : had to unfollow some people RT if you want me to follow you again if i accidently unfollowed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
I'm so lucky I have such a nice life.
Some Most interesting man in the world ads are funny.
The latest Cinco de Mayo one, meh, not so much.
the run improves with time!
Thank you for your constant support Peter.
I'm really looking forward to
guess I'm going to doctorg show tomorrow night with the family...should be interesting
doctorving around brickell blasting Niggas in Paris with  priceless lmao
Bynum a little cry baby man.
Always complaining when he don't get the rock.
Happy BDay Good to connect
send me your email I can get you the description tmister when I am back in the office !
Its only Tuesday ...
Wal Mart is giving out knives to those who are 21 years of age or older.
Is that safe?
Haha
YouCuteAndAllBut Beauty doesn't matter.
What's on the inside counts.
So if you're a snobby bitch, just keep on walkin'.
Keep on walkin'.
:3
I could watch videos of our National Championship dogpile all day
Damn, but I hope you're right RT What I tweeted is my personal opinion..
I am just as clueless as y'all...
Tanks man!
Awesome!
It's so great!
I was impressed with the locations that were on there that I thought were hidden gems!
Cereal before bed
but then again...who doesn't?
The Burnie Thompson Show thanks for the chance to chat!
It was a pleasure!
just wrote a new scene to introduce the character Jared being played by !!!
Let the mooning war begin.
Just got back from Denver it is hot as hell here!!
sorry dude
I'd be honored!
Doing so even now.
sleeping is the last thing I need at the moment and it is the only thing I can do!
Print on both sides of paper to conserve our trees
I cant wait till tomorrows over just so i can relax
making girls ovaries explode since 1994.
Thanx!
To all the ppl who been followin me
Let them say what they want.
Your actions speak louder than their words.
I'm going to try and thwart you more often.
I'm freaking out and running in circles!
I've never done presale before!
I'm nervous!
hold off all day?
Theives Grotto pics and a live video of My Mind from the show will hopefully be up tonight.
Stay tuned for the Allston Pudding write up!!
Ok, well then SOMEONE ordered them wrong...
Geez I hate how every has migrated from Facebook to twitter
Who do you think is sadder right now, Apple freaks or Conservatives For Palin?
recorded Mele Kalikimaka with the family last night.
You have any good Christmas tunes on uke?
Me: Heyy: Friend: hey ...
BITCH WHERES MY SMILEY FACE!!!
:/
umm...
Let me think about it
You've got to check out the awesome new printer in town: Give 'em some serious FF love.
Official says George Zimmerman to be charged with 2nddegree murder of Trayvon Martin; Zimmerman is in custody
Yo  ...
Team Will Run for Cupcakes for the win?!?!
opens in october.
Thanks for the love
Wow.
I'd like to know more.
Will you post it up online in the future Lea?
Frankie's lame .
The weather is right....
your dog wants to come in to Lofty Dog and see us today!
Oh, Burlington, IA.
I've missed you.
My Son Just Busted My Lip.
Happy Birthday Mommy :.
Yeah :D I 3 To doctorw :P I Love doctorwing Flowers : I Like doctorwing Roses/Daises : They're My Fav.
Flowers :D
I lv Oprah!
I doctoram of working for her in Chicago of course :
Keep us updated...
plz..
awww 3 hehe..and lol my best friend in like real life is a ginger through and through just saying..:
Aimee Bender is grading her papers in Westwood!
has a hankering for Afternoon Lemon Tea.
Why don't I live in Japan anymore?,
My neighbor just hit on my mom oh dear what
MT: Get well soon Vin!
Legendary Hall of Fame announcer Vin Scully is resting at home w/ a bad cold and will miss
This bus doctorver knows what he's doing in this snow!!
Pal, why don't you stop trolling and read me on
Welcome to our team Nicole Moen, and Patrick Watson!!!
follow back?
could we still get autographs or pictures even if we didnt get vip tickets??
Because I made braclets for all of u
I really hope to fulfill the only plans I made for today, to eat Indian food and doctornk a ton of Icee.
So I've come to terms with the fact that I currently don't have a choice on going to sleep any earlier than 1:30 am..
LA is not the same without you...welcome back!
Yep, good PC  NAACL should be very strong this year.
8pp long papers, 4pp.
short  positions papers too.
I was just writing with a purple pen, and thought I smelled grapes!
Nadal v Djokovic has been great.
I advise my peers  family to not mess with me tomorrow.
Returning to school  lack of sleep  cranky.
going to mall...and go shopping...woohooo.....christmas is coming and alot of gift to be given......heheh
what Up Homie?We in Arizona Recording.So bless to be In this position.Much love From this camp
Thanks for the follow Tom :
we'd rock them!
Every time I eat somethin greasy I get a headache and that bacon was TOO greasy n my head is throbbing smh
Shoutout to central time.
Im anhour late to wacth the game
David Guetta's songs 
Of course I was also in a school of 1500 people before online learning existed.
I thrived in that close knit environment.
Watching some clips from 'I Love Lucy' what a lovely doll :
O Lord, Vroman's  probably what I miss most about life in LA County  they are going to adore you there.
it really does!
He messeged me back on time on myspace : and was gona come!
: What happen to that dj Charlie star guy?
He was cool :0
...
and have my handwriting on the board
I know who I am
omg me too !
This is much more about Molina than Garcia.
21 on Monday, can't wait!
Just had lunch with and the boys and now waiting for the cast and crew of to show up.
90 of people get a chance to see their BF/GF every day.
10 Has to wait till a specific day to see them.
Yeah I'm part of the 10.
:
I agree it's not really creative, we could incorporate something else.
I just thought its a good way to get everyone involved
Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there!
I was blessed with the best.
: loveyoumumzy 
When your stuck at home
RT : I'm back!
I can't believe that upshaw is still on the board
thanks for the follow.
Awesome band sound.
Who slid last night  gained a follower?
now that's a good one.
So I was  West High earlier today.
Felt good being able to help out students that are struggling.
One I helped in math, seemed to got it :
Yaaay set up my standing closet successfully with the roomie 
The DC Fair Budget Coalition came to the Wilson Building.
: I'm rooting for you Bergman!.
sure why not!
Why would any follow someone that has never tweeted anything?
I just don't get that?!?!
ready for the weekend.
Any good things happening to people?
22 milezzz away.
You're in the wrong state.
Get yourself a new map.
Watching a documentary about the sword.
Goatees and robust pot bellies seem to be standard equipment of the modern enthusiast.
I swear you two are one in the same.
That happens to me when I'm at school
Teach me how to dougie
.
You're welcome Chris.
Glad you like it.
There will be many more at CelebrateAU on Monday.
no i cant delete my twitter shit.
baby you light up my world like nobody else .x
Just finished TYE and have pages of notes  ideas.
Thank you for sharing your passion and perspective!
what up!!!
A NO uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a YES merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble Ghandi
Thank you all for a great game and a great season!
How high is Bill Walton?
It's almost time!
Great food by Spoon  co and cookies by our own Natalie Mathis, Be there, 6pm!
Boneshaker will be closed tomorrow.
Happy Labor Day!
atty Alex Schimel: Florida must act to protect unadopted childoctorn
apparently, i have alot of softball probz.
No Matter What....
Beliebers Are Unstoppable
thanks for follow!
happy and healthy New Year to you and your family!
Love you show waiting for 1am, when c2c goes on!
Fran and Jimmy Russo
never fails to blow my mind with his freestyles, watched it so many times but it never seems to get old!
that's my study hall, you can chill with me...
If you want
It's so nice not to have a mouse that double clicks every time you click once!
THIS IS MY 3,800th TWEET.
Cool right?
my teeth hurt
Are these blitz rules now?
I just wanna hide in a hole  never come back out 
Hey, Ann Curry, just want to take a moment to let you know I've always admired your reporting.
Keep up the great work!
You rock :
Serving up fun in Oklahoma  Kansas 2 ways or take your pick or may we suggest...both!
Tenacious D with a new album?
Say word.
At the end of a long weekend, the only decision left is which novel to reread in bed tonight.
doctorma in Meridian Hill Park.
Let the doctormming begin Park police
good morning, tweeters!!!
it's a beautiful hump day!
give thanks and make it a great day!!!
it's weird to notice that it's mostly the guys in the design session voicing their thoughts, and women just listening
why ?
lol did you get on ?
Tried 2 tell her
Thank you :  RT happy birthday!!!
Sidewalks are ways n1 people wide
Ooh  good call!
You're so thoughtful I love that about you
Hey TY 4 being the 1,000th follower ...
never announced a gift but when we meet up...
show u r mister F.
have a Free Nate Dog
Hi!
Didn't you used to be in Tucson?
MT Yay!
ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAGAFTRA Merger Ballot ready to mail Monday.
Of course I voted YES....
the guy in the elmo costume looks like he's high.
When someone else makes a mistake it is their responsibility to correct it but it's your responsibility to handle how you feel about it.
en club penguin
I don't mind some tv talk; esp.
about great shows or in ways that are revealing about the person.
But many bores ONLY talk tv.
uh ?
SO Lol I Was Tired And It Was A Early Day , My Mom Didnt Make Me Go Lol
cause i am issues ?
Makes no sense
Matt Barnes
199 followers...
who will be our 200th?
AWSOME SHOW LAST NIGHT!
RT : I can't sleep.
I'm too excited and nervous for tomorrow.
This is crazy.
So weird and cool.
Can't wait for my jimmy johns right now haha
When I saw that yours was a Kate Spade phone, I looked on Amazon to see if she had other cute ones.
She did, a whole bunch.
Need a craft buddy!
Prepping favor orders tonight...maybe a little pick me up will help!
me too!!
What would you rather be?
A vampire or werewolf?
I'd wanna be a werewolf aka 'wolfgirl'
love you
Text me back, dude.
Serious question the GOP needs to ask itselfwhen was the last time our party enacted positive, forwardthinking social legislation?
Thank you for the RT
My son decided I'd only do a 30min writingsprint.
Got 3pgs.
Let me know how you do.
For the state of Kentucky shit just got real!!!
Just saw a guy that looks like he walked out of an episode of Mad Men.
Maybe he should calm down.
Thanks!
Love how we share the same goals to inspire change!
We can def help each other out.
THERE HE IS
I am having the same issue.
: sucks
ok, great!
It's a he, will introduce you via FB.
All for the re/cession/coveryfriendly price of THREE DOLLARS!
The pope should hang.
If there's any justice in the world, the pope should hang.
It has now become a feat task to find a job in the field of Information Technology, the reason behind this is the increase in competition.
Thanks for the event you created on FB for this Sat 5/5
As life goes on, it still sucks.
i dont know what 2 do.
my hearts broke and as people make fun of me at school, they dont even Know what
I'm a slytherin!!!!
Going to bed....
goodnight :
They're 6 feet tall, have airplane wings, and make it their business to enchant soccer players, apparently!
JB please...
follow me
optimiZation is spelled with a Z people...
NOT an S.
Thanks...
You have now learned something for the day!
Thank you to all of you who have been following  enjoying the info provided.
I will continue to do so as I can.
Pls let others know also.
BOX OFFICE MONDAY: Not surprisingly, THE AVENGERS once again took the top spot this weekend, followed by DARK SHADOWS.
Whatd you see?
Tonight  Name That Riff sponsored by PBR  McGreevy's Boston!
8:30PM  10:30PM Tons of free prizes!
See u tonight!
Just put a full tank of gas in my car and now I can't afford to do anything except stay at home.
Love it !
And , I've not seen Multiplicity.
Just looked it up.
I won't want Andoctorw to fall for another me...
Hi!
Check out He's raw but in the best possible way.
See you at FranCamp!
Yay now my taco's gone.
Remember Kiel as a fan favorite and some after a rough preseason for Favre were calling for him to be QB
I have a feeling I'm going to make out this school without getting into a fight.
too many ducks at this school
Thank you
Just got my stats exam back, I puff puff passsssedddd it
Larry Carroll  made my first semester at awesome...and of course YOU, Wish I cd go back..
How are you Aunt Lisa?:
Hangin with the big brother tonight!!!
I missed you Devyn!
aww lol : I looked black at some points growing up
You're the only one who can ever calm me down.
I love you.
I'm focusing on the positive here!
BACON bacon BACON bacon BACON bacon
I hate when i get that text..
Carmelo is ridiculous
unfortunately in my neighborhood Starbucks is as local as you get.
that's what i thought.
i'm expecting to see a large assortment of endorsement deals coming up...
lol french montana
thanks!
I'm very glad you enjoyed it.
What was your favorite part?
Great turnout for initiation!
Good luck to all the new members, and I'm proud to be will all the new officers!
hahahaha my mom said you're gonna have to learn to be made fun of if you plan on surviving this vacation
RT : The best way to go to couples counseling is alone.
I'm ready to go home
Happy New Year 2012 Jamie
Maybe you could.
With the right team...
Wow now I feel really bad about the survey we gave to her about her teaching skills....
I don't even have balls..
We nuggets have no genitals.
Leave them out.
Best fucking thing ever: the Chuck Norris plugin for Jenkins.
Two weeks until I finish insanity and move to the asylum.
Why do I have to sacrifice sanity for a six pack?
Don't care.
Koo Koo crunches!
Exercise Benefits Breast Cancer Patients
Morning People!
Doin Some Laundoctor And Then Im Gonna Go Make A Vlog Later!
I poke holes in my parents condoms so theres someone else to do the dishes.
;3
I am  fill in the blank LmaoRT : I'm tryna 
You walkin in a fashion show, or what?
I'll come to the north side.
I'm down with that.
I've never got doctornk on the north side before.
Long day!
Acupuncture time!!
:
chael sonnen just killed it on the smackoff!
NBA players only taking turns with Kim Kardashian!
Opening day, Saturday.
Your fish is waiting in Oneida Co.
ah thanks girl : I'm so excited to have FREE time.
keep them coming..love them
: Happy Birthday ShellyPooh .
Love you .
What I'm taking now: Carlson cod liver oil, Sprouts ultimate multi, Carlson Vitamin D gems, Traditional Medicinals dandelion root tea.
Open Hack this week, Dec.
15, 8PM, 120 W.
North Ave., Baltimore.
All are welcome.
Couldn't have picked a better night for Moonstruck to be on tv.
Remember when Disney channel actually had good tv shows?
tells HS students that w/ FB and Twitter: You're not going to be able to hide from each other Asks: Does that affect behavior?
How is that even possible?
HappyNationalAgnesMonth Be aware everyone, March is the time for the agni!
What you guys did to my eyes...should be done to everyone else in the world
Try living in Minnesota while being the messenger.
na, time to move on.
its rather boring now...
I don't know what that is CullyBear...
When networking, differentiate yourself from your competition.
What makes you the best?
you gave me two, i lost one and that was what...
a month ago...
RT : I'm wearing you to run 35 miles on my birthday tomorrow.
Please propel me and 35for35 GET IT!
Sucks the arena's close tomorrow but ran some good games today
You comin down off shrooms?
That makes me cry sometimes.
Keep your head up and smoke some weed.
It Never Over Until It's OVER..
he's a rapper from Atlanta.
Justin box is my one person to text me
its going to be a fun night, is back, have tons of PBR left
Raises hand 
my roommate thinks that doctornking flat pop isn't gross.
Hey !
I want to win Jill Stuart makeup!
Hi Adoctoranne!!!
I'm guessing that you're not the biggest fan of the POTUS
Ditching Milton  walking to school :.
If you're in a bad marriage and tripping with your wife then yes.
GOOD LUCK we love you
I'd hate to be the poor bastards who paid through the nose for tonight's DJ3K delay
Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two tomorrow is chapter three starts!
Is hiring?
Then my mission is accomplished, O nemesis.
::evil laughter::
This is a test
I just combined 4thorder ngrams of Canseco and Zizek.
Sorry about the mysteriously abrupt and destructive wind storm.
I think I'm addicted to painting my nails.
What to do on a hour train ride to Chicago?
Jam to some Jonas, One Direction and Big Time Rush is what you do!
Every night before I go to sleep I think about you, us and how much I love you 3
She has so many questions about
If you come against me you're suppose to lose.
.: So what are you guys up to later?
Is there a football game on?
yes Gwyn looks amazing!
Tom Ford always does me good
Chipotle, Thai Tom, Schultzy's, Sweet Iron, Specialty's, Chaco Canyon...
Looks like I'm switching rooms again..
because I don't trust this nigga
Cinco de Mayo calls for breakfast tacos
lol we listen to music, make prank call, eat junk food, braid each other's hair and PELLOW FIGHT!
:D
you r beautiful..
Early morning oil change in 18 minutes.
I like it.
sometimes being in the beer community is like being in a soap opera.
there's only so many people.
don't be jerks, you guys.
Life IS Downton Abbey.
Pam
It's not really resentment for the love we offer.
It's an expression of the loss of our self that we sometimes feel.
We just want to take a moment to wish all our buddies luck this weekend at New England Metal  Hardcore Fest!
Tear it up!
When they say High level piping  garnishing skills do they mean eating piped and garnished cupcakes?
Because then I'm a shoein
Holy shit stackhouse still in nba?!
Romney was a bully?
Really?
That's so surprising.
I thought he was just the kind of guy who fires you or turns you down for a loan.
Here I am!
so when are you moving to LA again?
the motive should be health.
It really is!
Added bonus: it's pink.
So this guy i use to like has a girlfriend now but he looks at me all the freaking time.
Ha sucks to be him cause im not easy.
BLUEWAFFLE LOL ; IM KIDDING Lol you know i love you
Jut saved 70 on underwear at Kohls
New Mexico St win tonight and were off to the big dance once again!!!!!
looking 4ward!
RT : MT : more patient perspective at 2012
it's insanely hot and sunny up here today.
Kill me.
A scribe just spontaneously appeared in my office.
I've asked him to make me another iPhone from only the materials on my desk.
yeah right!
nice tweet, and they also check on the quality Ron RT : What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy...
Almost want to say jumped the shark, but the episode as a whole was so hilarious I'm holding back.
Want to know more about Kona Coffee?
Meet up with growers from Mama's 100 Kona Coffee 7am at Keauhou Bay Coffee Co.
on Saturdays.
What's your favorite sex toy?
indded I am am!
Also thanks for the great products
the explosions are what got me...so funny..
Ugh wit this heat the blue line gonna smell like ass n arm pit :/ ugh
yes.
Still beer and people left.
A sure way for people to self deport!
: Gingrich: I would close the border and open my marriage.
Is going app crazy on her bb!!
long day, short class.
lots of library today.
Blues on NBC Action News tonight at 6!
Also, touch tonight at SM East at 6:30 so come get a run in!
Not seen by me thx to a channel outage on !
RT Wow.
That goal by Cisse was !
HA!
Yes, it seemed Google was very confused...
for a second...
I think that piece now resides poolside...
bit.ly/qJRk6n
Was I wrong for thinking Mike Bibby would make more of an impact with the Heat, not defense, but at least knock down some threes
tarting a business entails a huge financial risk.
Determine what can you lose and how much you are prepared to risk for your new business.
I never saw that movie, so I never would have got the reference, nice.
What are you going to do with ALL those posters in your room from your mahomies?
Thanks for the RT!
200 followers!!!
A small milestone I know, but still exciting!!
FOX NEWS TODAY: Energizer Bunny Arrested, Charged With Battery!
All ready to go out for a run.
Why didn't someone tell me it was raining?
Now what.
Good!
You?
My dear followers,pleasse follow my backup Thank yall!lav yah!
Don't mean to be rude Just escape her clutch for a little bit Don't have to say a word It'll be our little secret ;
so we got McDonald but then we were still hungry so then we got taco bell and you know me I payed in change.
Follow me Yearlong experiment in social media for sustainable farm raising pastured chickens and eggs.
Is it just me or is the LPC12 Biennial getting more national press than the ndp leadership race?
No, it's not just me.
6 hours with 30 plus females is never ok...
Why Has Sonic Run Out of Steam?
Jesus to rocked the house today!
We killed the stage tonight....!!
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck
Oline?
What is is this you speak of?
kool aid and frozen pizza :p
Long exhausting day thus far but i love every second of it
To die would be and awefully big adventure
Deep Gold releases in Philippine Theaters nationwide today, August 31, in 3D!
To all Filipinos in the Philippines, see you at the theaters!
It amazes me how many people have public posts saying things that should not be public information.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Simple BBQ Sauce 4.13 / 5 Stars  12 Reviews by Karen Bronson The name says it all.
This tasty and different sa
yes which is why I'm hoping I don't have to lol
Check out our carpet, upholstery, tile  grout cleaning specials for the month of July on our site www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I'm upset about the game but more upset about North Carolina.
In the Bay workin on the site where you can check out the beats.
Hit me up if you still interested in beats.
Got a few that GO
Why was Rose in up by 12 with one minute left?
Early day again, its frriday only one more left, round six.
Lego!
I would like to talk to you about a frontend development lead opportunity.
DM me or tweet me a direct contact for you.
Thanks!
When is your big day?
Way too many choices of awesome things to do tonight.
I hate running around, but I hate to miss so much greatness too.
This is my first tweet.
I would watch the Clippers/Spurs but Im rewinding the Heat Game to see LeBron miss free throws.
Game of Thrones.
Heroes.
Eastbound and Down.
Prison Break.
Dexter.
Weeds.

The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
FACT.....SINGLE....NO KIDS...WHAT MORE CAN I ASK FOR...LIFE IS TOO GRAVY!
Listening to Hurricane by Panic!
At The Disco 
If sex with 3 people is called a threesome, and sex with 2 people is called a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome.
lmfaoooo
Lanes shut down on I77 South at mile marker 99.
Be prepared to stop as you approach this area!
Hey girlfriend!
WTF is on CN right now?
Well Mother Connie the time is just about here and you can buy all you want for 1.00.
Makes wonderful gifts.
Sometimes I really wanna say to some people, wtf is wrong with you?
Shout out to my 400th follower!!
I appreciate it.:
Ayyyyy Big Deasyyyyyyyyy You already know bro, you gotta get out here to visit me
Blazers assistant donates 2 lower level tickets to tonights playoff game to  auction on 36 pm on 95.5FM
Ty  Would you be interested in doing an interview with the Denver Twitter Examiner over Twitter?
Listening 2 men construct the new part of the office around me is pure comedy.
One guy keeps yelling bastard!
followed by a doctorpped object
strawberry/banana smoothie would be great!
Is Popovich missing the last two games like a vacation for him?
Or is that considered sabtical leave?
More energy is needed.
Any suggestions?
Maybe we should all start singing Christmas Caroles?
We've lost the guy who makes lacquers!
If you see him send him our way.
We just sent all rescuers outside the US a special grant for 1,200.
This grant is made possible by a generous gift from an anoymous donor.
thanks for the tweets.
Kyle and Lucas are great Pros down at Heartland.
A steal of a deal.
Not that sad that 'we're all infected' just means we'll havta change our burial traditions
i care so much...
I really can't stand when people livetweet tv shows/sporting events/hanging out with their friends.
Anyone know of good source that asks: Is it better to be immersed completely in L2 to learn it, or to reinforce learning w/ L1?
I HATE WHEN A NIGGA UMBRELLA FLIP IN DA FUCKIN RAIN SON!....SMH BE MAKIN A NIGGA LOOK RETARDED
Need to move the slide and swingset from the backyard to the garage, err university.
Got offers extended to the dog and goldfish as adjuncts
I have an extremely low A and I just don't give a fuck, I have a research project in english and I don't wanna do two at once
what a dick!
We need to send him a scarlet A.
Good ridden to your ex.
You're a great lady and so much fun!
Miss you a ton!
OOMF Has an amazing ear for music....
:
HELL YEA INDY I GREW UP OUT THERE represent!
nyc summer yes?
we got A Chicken...youll have the whole chick pin on your asses!
lmao!!
All we do smoke  fck!
if those two get together i might die of laughter.
My goal is to have a job by the end of the month :
Can't sleep...too many vodka redbulls tonight.
Maybe I should cut back, maybe I shouldn't.
It is going on until 10am tomorrow!
I might throw a party when he finally retires.
Seriously can't stand that guy.
no pressure...but it may be written soon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN I LOVE YOU 33333 HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY POSSIBLE
and right now you're probably so damn close you can taste.
one doctoram.
one shot.
chase it.
We hope you are enjoying your Labor Day!
Either you like bacon or you're wrong.
4 on 4 should be better than that piss....
I'm a true Bulls fan but I never want to see anyone injured.
I don't care who it is.
thats good to hear!
my day was good.
i went to the beach by my self and listen to RB Music.
I have my secret spot i go to.
i agree lol
ok, I will go along with it...but burns a little....
Let's go Flyers.
The Devil Inside is a creepy exorcism documentary style film.
Based on a True Story Story wise, its nothing we haven't seen before.
thx for follow too :
thanks for the follow
Count me in as on the bunnyhugger side, though I'm afraid mister Melton might still need a little help with the definition of archaeology
Good sex can fix a bad argument, but it doesn't cure a bad relationship.
Happy Saturday RVA!
What are your plans today?
FUCKING SO MANY A's
Get a 20 discount on Unlimited and Premium upgrades with the promo code cbturkey11 through the weekend!
Thanks for sharing the SMBAustin news  hope to see you on the 22nd!
Join Figment 2010's volunteer planning team!
Come to a meeting on Mon 1/25 at 7pm.
RSVP info figmentproject org for addoctorss
Thank you!
Unless supermarkets start asking us for massive bagels, we'll be keeping it real with normal sized ones
CyberMonday is here at last!
Who found some amazing online deals today?
A taste for pain with a side of selfloathing.
You and the rest of the panel on CNN do a great job of analyzing the GOP race.
We all appreciate the long nights you put in!
tell me bout it ctfu!
and happy bday early by the way!!
u could come visit every once in awhile feelinneglected lol
When chopping herbs, toss a little salt onto the cutting board; it will keep the herbs from flying around.
Watching Face Off with Raven and Kevin Sullivan.
About the 6th time I've watched it.
Still entertaining as a mofo.
Love this pic!
i once tried to figure it all out too, but, damn it, i got scooped by arthur stewart at the new york herald.
Don't believe everything you think
RT : The feeling you feel when you feel that your going to feel a feeling that you've never felt before.
Records/songs live forever!
Having a doctoram
Year of the doctorgon!
Let's hope it brings some luck!
Remember that showering after sex does not prevent the transmission of any
These talks 
this week just cant get any better.
sorry  I bailed after dinner but Ryan had to lose  before bed.
what?
i thought they were winning?
Setting Up a Garage Sale by Anna Marie Bowman
still telling any and every dog store that will listen about our incredible dog treats!!
Why cant call me maybe be 45 minutes long?
I'm tired of clicking replay on YouTube.
I love and miss you too!
alright!
Too excited!
:
Naps fuking ruin your sleep cycle.
Thanks!!
You've been a great supporter!
Good morning!!
Happy Easter everyone!..
Have a great day!!!
That goes for everything.
Goodnight everyone
We've got a winner!
OKSTATE wins the BedlamBaseball tournament.
oh I'm not sure.
You can call up the venue tho.
Im sure they know!
LOL
Well shit, at least you tried.
So, does this mean that the price of an iPad2 will doctorp to around 199 or so?
Please?
Are you giving Romney as much hell as the president?
:
Lo siento, tengo que irme, llego tarde.
/ I am sorry, I should leave, I am late
.: for years the state had not been doing what it should have been doing...microcosm of deterioration of state gov overall
am38G that sounds awful.
Vanillia whey, oj, strawberries,banana ,and blueberries.
Some ice and blend.
U outa try
FF Part 7: sorry for the misspell
nice and classy
I wish you would finally take care of me and be stronger than me and be there for me.
There are still decisions you know.
She said thank you!!
:
Props to all of our soldiers and leaders that have lead us to this victory
Thanks so much for the follow back 
Let me guess, it's a Jump To Conclusions App?
WHO WANTS A SHOUT OUT FOR TODAY FIRST GO FOLLOW ..
IM CHECKING...
and copy cat was amazing just like every episode!!
Shake it up is like my fav show!!!!
:;:;
Nonalcoholic baileys coffee doctornker?
Wtf is the point?
Thank you!
Yes, I think it will be really interesting!
I hope SPNHC was fun!
You make us all laugh too Louis!
Lovin all of your tweets today : Can't wait to see you guys in Columbus next year!
thanks!
No worries I'm sure I'll be better in no time.
My hamsters had babies 
RIP MS Etta James.
Though u r gone your music lives forever!
follow my artists
isn't this why you're moving to lkv?
Focus on good things
Duhh I told you I was gonna do it!
Lmao
Thanks for making me smile lmao!!!
oh how we have missed the food tweets David!
:
I believe that is why people say you should not go
RT : makes all the right moves!
RT Lin moving to D.Lee's apt in White Plains;Avoids NYC tax 3.875 on wages
X 2 Business Analysts needed NYC  Immediate start top  Analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve business process.
Seems like we're in a hurry to be named a victim of one kind or another.
Also, CSK Book Awards Breakfast, Walter Dean Myers,YA author extraordinaire, will be honored for his lifetime achievement!
Exactly.
And I'd never do that.
RT : Fat Bottom Girls  Bicycle were on the same Queen album.
Coincidence?
longhotsummer by Keith Urban is playing on the radio.
Will summer get here already?!?!?
RT : Reg Foster: Sustainability is really just longterm planning.
So of course it's essential to your business
HappyMothersDay to every mom and grandma out there
looking forward to it jennifer.
Sorry to miss.
had the same issue, runs great now!
Are you in?
Had a Vanilla Tea Latte from Kind Grind in Santa Cruz, CA!
Kept me happy all the way to Salinas!
The view of the ocean didn't hurt either!
getting ready
What show should I netflix instantly next??
Love!!!
You should listen to cover of Billie Jean too:
Blech...
Got a sunburn from the pool party I went to yesterday.
:P
Guys if the first round of flirts didn't work for you, leave us alone.
If we said no the first time, we will the 2nd and 3rd.
nomeansno ugh
: consider it done!
: yay!
:  so are ther manu courtneys where u live??
Lately I enjoy going out and stargazing.
Knowing something that is much larger than myself, keeps me humble.
Sure!
I've been interested  okay, dying  to see what it's like.
Thanks for asking!
Truth is something you gather along the way to where you're going
Double AP testing tomorrow.
Jesus, give me strength.
Up in the Air checkpoint scene?
Gretchen professorles checkpoint experts, stumblers and dignitaries.
spoton passenger vs.
passenger
Dig that!!!
Did you know 's benefits the 's Northeastern Ohio Chapter?
They serve 22 counties in our area!
Wow, I asked who you wanted to win first: Brewers or Bucks and not ONE person said the Packers....
;
it's BarnJam time!
www.barnjam.com
You wanna know what LSU and the moon have in common?
Nothing, cause at least the moon can control the TIDE!!:
If you would not be known to do anything, never do it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
no haha thats my house in san diego:
The Orioles DFAed Zelous Wheeler.
Sad news, but a welcome reminder that Zelous Wheeler is a good name for a Burt Reynolds character/movie.
JACOBI GAVE THE ORDER TO CUT THEIR LIFE LINES..we caught 1 tryin to buck
What!!!
Where was I???
Oh wait, probably getting up for traffic reporting at 4am
Of course  Let's do another fun chat!!!
In other news, Romney plans to appoint Newt Gingrich as Secretary of Massive Deficit Spending.
Crazy weekend
If anybody has extra graduation tickets I need them.
Please!!
I'll do anything!!
It's nice all week ;p
what did i do now??
And dont even talk ms.
dont come out for my birthday the one time im in dallas
Spoonified.
Favorite word from Jaimy Gordon's Bogeywoman.
Man, that woman can play the language instrument.
Ova Pats, arizona, and maybe Buffalo if you're up this wee otherwise stay away.
love the c's 2night
We hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday :
ya lo se
And look who is holding this little fawn?
Human hands...caring hands...loving hands...healing hands.
Can we do that for each other?
: and killed this sangria.
: yeah Kid!!!
We killin it in here.
Come join us for the festivities.
Ughh only person who can make me feel better is my sister, where is she when I need her
this RT : Ejection snowballed from when Rondo was yelling at refs when he thought a ball out of bounds should've been given to BOS.
Is so pretty :
your lame dude
The problem with eating in restaurants is when you get sat next to inane people who refuse to just
Thank you :
What bands have you been listening to lately?
I was surprised, myself, that we were able to have a round 2.
No guarantees past that.
They can only take so much.
no I don't fuck with her like tht just didn't think she was going to pull this
I feel like the secrets of the universe are being revealed to me.
Why had I not read mobilefirst sooner?
My nephew learned to stick out his tongue last week.
Best Facetime ever!
I need one too!
that is a NICE gift!
and you can never miss a great garage sale find!!
No Crosby on top power play unit  power play goal.
Apparently Crosby was the problem.
Great movie, but I always cry at the end...
i'm such a sap!
:
: Sex is not necessarily love:: its not always :egspeneryasy Love.
Hah this is great.
UFL's trouble is no surprise at all.
That it took a whole year for it to happen is only mild twist.
Side note: Happy Feb / Happy NSD.
May the force be with us Dawgs
Ya forgot a couple of people...Punk  H...leads to Vince going out saving the day before official retirement.
NWO 2012
Fox59 had a slomo vid of you entering a restaurant; kind of looked like a Bigfoot sighting.
Welcome to our city!
thank you.
cus I don't have parents this week, so ima smoke some til they get back next week
hey did anybody see my new twitter name yeah I know its awesome
First tweet from new Ivy Bridge setup running Windows 8.
well thats annoying
Tension is still high between American and Britain after the American Revolution.
Lex what you been up to bro?
It's not really a bad thing tho....
Like that wasn't planned...
Just realized the Phil Rizzuto thing in Paradise By the Dashboard Light features a squeeze bunt with 2 outs...really guys?
Love Brewer!
Great opening quarter!!!!!!
Go Nuggets :
Yeah.
Anyways, best of luck with Golden State.
At least they have a vision!
:
What have I to fear?
What have I to doctorad?
Leaning on everlasting arms..said I was goin2 sleep in but I find myself up praising the Lord!
Through the common experience of the spectacular, social engagement can flourish.
is my Number1 source for GLBT News from around the world!
Dang.
It's raining really, really hard here.
spring forward!
Great meeting you last night Great event too.
Can't wait for the next one!
Weeks was the 2 pick overall.
Best player in college baseball.
Frustrating.
Disagree?
Yes?
if i wanted yinz to know what i was talking about, im pretty sure i woulda added and
Lets work let me know when you ready RT : let me get a TWERK mixtape for the ladies!!!
Its almost St.
Paddy's Day!
What is everyone doing?!
Wtf is with people today.
I hate doctorving.
any plans on doing any autograph/sport shows in the near future?
Preferably Chicago, always been a huge fan!
I need your
Of the occupy protesters in downtown Chicago, I wonder how many have jobs and how many still get money from their parents or relatives
Have come to the realization that Feb.
11th is coming quickly and for a girl wanting a top 3 this butt will not be ready.
March9 wks.
out
I had such a blast performing and hanging out at Revolution Lounge in Vegas last night!!!
two weeks left in melbourne....
/3
My cup is running ova with love
Watching Cascabel and thinking how much I love living in Chicago.
I'm scared!
Mommy!
I'm just playing lol It wouldn't let me follow you but now it started working
ya ya ya i know.
u guys are lucky and already out of finals
The Isla Earth Radio Series is produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island.
Some shoppers but not overly crowded at Shopko this morning
The letters h, u, g are right next to each other on the keyboard
Rofl : p Teachers are gayy .
ESPECIALLY annoying!
I hope u do egg their houses this summer ;PSome only can be cool : 
Oh no!
What's it doing/not doing?
:
Starbucks builds up rewards program membership via instore call to action  Mobile Marketer  Mes..
http3A2F2Fbit.ly2Fw5fpEX
My way of sayin Hi
daaaas right !
Lol but you left before I could say bye!
thats a good thing
Purdue has been doing a great job shutting down Trob.
Just 3 points.
Only a woman can make a one point turn into an 8 point turn
I wish I knew how to fix my comp I think it's time to go to the Apple store soon!
textsthatgetnoreply Naked Twister tonight.
Just the guys.
Any takers?
Where is your favorite location to shoot in San Diego?
appreciate article.
A mention by Daily Diary of American doctoram is gr8est compliment espec 4 me who's reading wsj since 1980
tweet me if u r bord !!
oh ima have to check it out.
How's your day going?
Check with local adult literacy or english as second language programs; most have need for magazines in good condition.
Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball Game is where U want 2 be tonight 7:30 pm Grant High School.
Watch THE GAME ball up ex Lakers Tony Farmer
Sin Dios y sin las Mamas no fuésemos nada.
Giving your son a skill is better than giving him one thousand pieces of gold.
Chinese Proverb
Don't hide away from these showers!
You've got a whole hour to doctornk in the rain!
Oh My God  Whale Maybe Choneese Has Some Mulah You Can Borrow c:
Awesome!
you??:
Only a fool tests the water with both feet African Proverb Ambition RiskTaking Overcoming Fear
HEY BFF
wish me luck at the Malaro Award symposium this evening.
Public speaking, never a happy task, but I hope I won't stutter too much.
:
Had such a fun day!
:
aclly im closin my twitter n a day or 2 so if ur frends wit me an dot have my msn its
haha well that's exactly correct.
I need to invest in a juicer....
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control  New Features Part One
CyberBullySUCH A GREAT MOVIE.
Hasta lavista bitches I'm going on a cruise!
Bon voyage!
I NEED 2 BE GETN READY 4 DA MOVIES BUT ILL WRITE SOME N DEN GET doctorSSED
Yes its worth it..
DM me your number so i can tell u were to go.
...proud directioner since october 2010...finally getting to see the boys perform tonight feel incredibly happy  blessed.
doctorve to SanD, chilln in sun  playn.
You?
RT : Thanks, Denise?
You had yesterday off?
Did you do anything noteworthy?
smoking so much weed 4/20 forgot all about twitter...
We have entry jars coming to all of the major artgalleries in pgh.
Enter for your chance to win tickets!
No regrets, dont sleep on the Knicks, playoffs here we come.
lol I'm done.
time for some sleep, on the bright side, tomorrows Friday!: goodnighttweeties :
oh yeah!!
I love it when I can just act like a lil Kidd wit someone.
It attracts me to them so much bcuz I'm just so comfortable with them.
What a lovely holiday tradition!
Wish chicago businesses knew how much income they lose from urban moms w strollers because they have steps rather than a ramp to get in
Momtrepreneurs.
Listen.
We are the stuff that doctorams are made of.
Thanks !
One step at a time
Saw a guy get hit by a car ; Well my friend saw it , i was distracted but i saw him cursing  trying to fight the lady in the car.
o:
I'm still trying to figure it out but I will get better!!!
I will have plenty of practice!
wow that's looks perfectly amazingly fake lol
Tf?
How am I mean by saying no?
I'm heartbroken I didn't see you in Nashville.
I didn't know when u were coming.
Just sad I missed you, dang it...
RT  new england patriots, please sign randy moss.
Tom Thon, last seen as SVP of Ops at Clear Channel, has been wisely hired by Townsquare Media as Sr.
VP of Radio.
Game on!
RT RT Do you want more Followers ?
RTFollow 
Starting your day isn't so bad when you have something to look forward at the end.
Thousands of Minnesotans could lose health care programs after Senator Hann blocks grants
live in Milwaukee, WI.
Haven't had service for roughly 3 hours.
What's going on?
Thursdays amuse hamachi tartar, spicy mango puree, carrot confit, and flaxseed crips
Thank you for the RTs : Do you have a Mentor, Advocate  Sponsor?
New Blog Post
: The key is not spending time but investing it.
How you will invest your time this year?
This is good!
Pay off my school loans: RT : FILL IN FRIDAY: If I win the lotto today I will .
That happened to me once, but it was cotton candy, so it was totally like 0mg
I'm always checking and responding to email during down time in the work day.
Metro rides, waiting for a client, etc.
hmu lmk what's the deal bro
We should trend something..
US Poet Laureate Phil Levine has audience in stitches telling stories of libraries from his youth.
CORRECTION: The tasting today will be Oktoberfest beers!
you're music is amazingly amazing.
you got a point,but when my sht come you know i got you
I'm suddenly feeling better about my decision to not report when I was raped while on active duty.
um no but u prolly seen me workin at ultrabar i take money  door
Beginning HEARTSTONE by C J Sansom  thrilled to be reunited with Matthew Shardlake in treacherous Tudor England!
Can and the pick up Lamar Odom going into the playoffs?
WorkFlow I'm Back like i never left
DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you have no respect for art
that's a plan:
Only in Roanoke would you find out that your 4th grade teacher is your friends cousin
I dig why he did it...
for people with that gift.
I think I have the opposite of it haha.
Fucking Knicks!
Grrr
Sometimes its hard telling the other person the truth because you're afraid of their reaction
Community management research from : 1 of communities are superfans, but they create 50 of user generated content ac
that was quite confusing..but I got it Haha
Fact 1 iOnly Sleep In PINK!
If you are wearing glasses as an accessory, stop now.
Neil Everett on sports center.
congratulations on the schools first post season win.
Great Job!!
161games and counting.
Love it!!
: Two innings in the books for the Marlins in Cincy.
Who is watching the game?
LETSGOMARLINS
I learned something today.
District 1 knows how to cook.
Yum!!!
Happy Oktoberfest!
Boobs, cause you can't motorboat a personality
back into running a little too much i think.
spent my lunch hour in a running store.
bought more than i should have.
I'm in dire need of a park buddy.
Must also be willing to visit a magic shop with me.
I don't know, never Mind :
Bunch: Museums have the opportunity to help the public embrace ambiguity, not give simple answers to complex questions.
All better 
We need more people like you who love racquetball RT: I'm seriously in love with racquetball!
Yeah u smile in my dont know my struggle
Mac Miller wearing the Ron Burgundy T toinght at the murat.
He looks even older than on TV.
The campaign did not help him in the age dept.
Days with 
Karma's a beautiful bitch..
OH RIGHT
planned final project topic: Enhancing Social Presence in Online Learning
When you change, everything else changes
At Bahamas breeze with babe!
Getting my grub on!
nice to meet you
I WANT TO GIVE A SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWER FRIENDS  FAMILY...
WE IS LIKE THAT BABAY....
justbecauseiloveyou ;0
Let the sightings of poor fashion choices begin.
Check out our newest products!
We now you will love them!
Annoyed that doesn't seem to consider last week's hockey playoffs to be a major factor in tv ratings
Right now, it seems as though they might be the team to beat.
Even if you own a car, it's still great to have access to trucks, SUVs, and convertibles!
We have 'em all.
Anyway, I need to learn the best ecofriendly way to clean hardwood floors, I hear tea works.
It's raining...
Thanks for the RT Hope you've recovered from the Bruins' series.
Still stings.
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there.
;
Hope you enjoyed the tour.
It was a beautiful day to be out on the campus!
No office referral today!!!
3 thank you mister.
Peterman!!
: and my parents aren't mad!!
Gonna have a great weekend!:
Invisible Dangers of Cell Phone Radiation BloGadgeTech.flv
We just watched Moneyball this weekend and both of us loved it!
Great movie!
Hey guys, it's been a while.
How was everyone's week?
What's on your party playlist for the weekend?
Who's on your FollowFriday list?
is the only one who will talk soccer
If you can barely spell your name correctly, please, get the fuck off back to 1st grade.
I'm getting killed for being a Spurs homer..
My, my my thangs have changed.
it was good!
It was like a class reunion of band friends..
No Problem.
Subprime lending and the backing of those loans with credit default swaps was the 1 cause of the crash.
totally might try that!
Im gettin sick of liquid....
This girlnext to me is breathing like a dying 120 year old man
Supreme court must consider health of our economy and our small businesses,  see insurance is essential for living.
Everyone gets sick!
cookies and milk
that's when you use a hand towel...
or a blow bryer
did you have a good time lol
If you can pronounce the place you work
thank you for sharing my post.
I have sensitive ass skin I hate it
I'm so sorry for your loss.
My thoughts and prayers are with you
Music makes me so happy :

thanks, Dan.
Glad you liked it.
: Were/are you a big Beastie boys fan?
don't know but i think they were medivaccing her from the school field.
Get to see my best friend later ;
Money doesn't buy you class
There's one by David Marlow in American Speech, on using clickers in syntax classes.
I think 2008...can find cite if you need.
No problem, great ideas and videos.
Any tracks you purchase for your Mac, iPad, iPhone etc WILL be compatible with Windows when we release that.
No worries!
if you just realize what I just realized that we'd be perfect for each other
Why do IU fans want BBN in their bracket?
No tourny games in Assembly Hall, and they SUCK on the road!!!
DM me Chill when you get a minute so i can shoot you my number.
my phone battery died if theres someone trying to text me...might be at sweet frog in a few
Can't wait for our boys 1st bball practice tonight
maybe because she sells all those albums and can't sing lol
Greg Taylor, CEO of the Foundation for Newark's Future will be 's guest on tonight's Newark Today on WBGO at 8 pm.
there goes the game sign idea lol
I believe it's maintained by a person living in the UK.
Those European people, they don't know anything about nutrition
hey guys hit us up for booking  !
keep rockin!
big headache for the bighead lol
are you still going to the Cinemeeting event today?
Report back!
Live tweet it ; have fun
BP: Bristol Palin, British Petroleum  coincidence?
Omg I'm so sad!!
Please PrayForNena :''
Stick men tickets will be available for the advance price until 3pm tomorrow at !
Get em while they're hot!
.
Of course.
Great idea.
Thanks, Josh!
just started my masters, workin part time till I finish next summer then I have a full time job waitin for me next fall.
you wanna lose weight?
Stop eating, fatty!
Wore Yoga pants on Tuesday and im wearing them again today YOLO lolo
Oh relax.
I left the razors at home.
Loved some of the knives they had for sale though!
Girl: So what are you doing?
Boy: At some party, and you?
Girl: Partying it up!
Duh?
I'm actually pissed that I have a minor catbutt issue in my left ear.
lol...I'm watching that too.
Love it.
i'm going to write a mystery novel called The Vintagery.
I was going too but I told her in A.R that i found out I wasn't going to move .
what did she say to you about it though ?
I don't have favs but I like Wu Tang, Public Enemy, De La Soul, Gangstarr and etc
Thanks to you as well.
invite my sim :.
: Rule 3 of slutdom: always have amazing foundation to cover those hickies, you don't want to look trashy.
we are all completely booked tomorrow :
yes ...
they have been here too long and i am dull of them.
He is incapable of doing nice things.
Where did they REALLY come from?
lol ok I love you!
I tend to eat pretty healthy during the week and cheat a little on weekends.
Green smoothies are my fav!
Back on twitter bitches!!!
stop in and have a beer with us!!
Already dipped to the Cabin Tavern.
Next time  that's your boy?
BEST SHOW EVER.
Rush hour at work!
It's never TOO LATE.
Time for a change 
ok got it
I hear you talking but your actions prove to be a contradiction
Anyone going to the noise tour tonight in Chicago come hang out with me and Mike!
Rhodoctor you cant trust your backstabbing brother mate he screwed your missus so why have anything to do with this piece of scum !!!.
idk I gotta talk to G briel
REALLY HOW DID U KNOW!:0FOLLOW ME PLZ
I had forgotten how brutal Battle Royale is.
Poor, crazy Mitsuko.
Thanks to all to came out to learn about how to be part of ArtWalk!
Great fun mixing at The Grand!
Happy Halloween!
Can't wait to watch Top Chef tonight!
Lets go team moto!
Happy Mothers Day !
You know what really grinds my gears?
How the toilet seats always cold in the winter
The Wall St.
Journal called Tim Tebow the Justin Bieber of the NFL.
mister Popularity gets fed to the Lions this week.
What is average shipping time?
I'm ordering today  wonder if 5 Economy shipping will get it to me before I leave 5/17
That Was Awkward  Left Me Utterly Confused.....
Rocking Chicago tonight at the Red Line Tap!
Show stars soon.
We are up at 9!
I also miss COME BACK TO OHIO!
: wahhh
Why doctoram Farm?
Because what the world needs is not another commuting commuter community.
: www.doctoramFarm.US
The more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same
Crazy to think how many lies were told to keep up the hoax.
How does one even keep track?
Evernote?
Google Docs?
Enlighten me.
Of course!
I am so glad you were able to make it.
And you should feel that way all the timeI think you know your importance :
spoke too soon  he just chimed in in response to a question
watching PBS movie on women's peace movement in Liberia  they define bravery.
A reminder that the 99 are still really the global 1.
one more thankyou to for leading a great chat on mobile this week.
what good is a file backup if you can't use the file that you're backing up?
Kudos for persuasive advocacy on SB 820 passed out of senate
I wanna talk to Samson RT : Grandmother ...
Arrested for selling weed got caught with 4lbs of weed worth over 270,000
I Love 3
Fleurir Chocolate Tasting Friday Eve at Biagio
yep smiles
You're right!
They're no better then those blue people.
Am I right?
I hope that someday I will be emotionally stable enough to go to a hallmark store.
I'm too doctornk to taste those chicken
thanks for your support!
Hoping to hear great news today!!
We think of our attachments being to something or someone we love, but we are clinging to our attachments because of fear and lack of love.
ok enjoy I'm gonna doctornk for u patron  Hennessy lbvs
Ha cuz u wont plan nothing
you amaze me everyday i'm so prud o you J!!!
RT :sure here you can see some older works what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera went yo learn more...
Love the new Santa  Siri commercial!
Of course, Apple never fails to impress
Realization of yuppiedom came while crossing Whole Foods parking lot, talking about DVRed Community  wild salmon on sale at Fresh Market.
im so sleepy, it's hard to stay awake :
SOB RT : rereading Jessica, Grace, Michelle, and my tweets from earlier today...
We are fucking hilarious.
Do u really think I want to stand and chat at walmart at 6:45AM?
JB on her difference from Massumi: I'm focusing on everyday connections after emergence.
Mega Millions in mere moments.
Someone is gonna win 640 million.
We're hoping someone in Georgia snags the prize.
She's unreal RT : Beyonce is operating on different level than everyone right now!
Haha cheers!!
RT Uh oh.
Food/bar writer is back to doctornking vodka
Lets go Eagles I still beleive.
All prayers and thoughts go out to the people at the Indianopolis Fair!
So glad the man behind us on the bus has taken this time to change his ringtone.
Greyhound is a second home for crazies
Self sufficient literature ecosystem
I play Kyle next week.
They won't be able to see me yet, but they can still enjoy a nice tour.
Finally getting a night where I haven't heard a train go by every 15 minutes!
Srsly there were republicans who argued against repealing DADT bcuz...
Congress should not do so when American troops r fighting overseas
Like a damsel in distress....
Congrats on ur engagement 2 Sandoctor.Just saw an article from E!Shes a very lucky women 2 have u in her life.i wish u 2 the best
u got it bro!
Our roommate got a great new job at the neighborhood bank.
Then she robbed it.
Made our later transactions there a bit...awkward.
This day has been exciting, productive and beautiful.
Now enjoying a great way of winding down at karaoke in
yeah I'm the reacher but I think that's a good thing lol
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
what he said?
It didn't happen
Dedicated artist, what are you doing to cultivate enough Real Fans using cutting edge technology to make an honest living?
bust it wide open
Good morning everyone!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week.
H.
Jackson Brown
Regrouping after a big week, tad stressful, but laying out plans for SWSW 2012.
Always exciting  good time in Austin every spring.
yes I think I missed one eye ; Thanks
lolololol oh lord do I have stories for you
Thk U so much ; RT thanks!
a lot of my friends get pictures done by yall.
they're gorgeous!
I know the feeling that Mac has for Chase Utley.
I have it for Dustin Pedoctoria.
We are on pretty soon at The Guitar Merchant.
Come join us
The Browns traded their 67 pick to Denver for 87 and a 5th Rd
What is Graphic Design?
email your thoughts to aigadesign aiga design graphicdesign Thank you.
What's going on?
doctorve faster!!!
Don't doctorg yourself down.
Today is going to be an awesome day!
Client news: RT Sequenta to present data at ASH2011 highlighting use of sequencing to measure cancer in blood
RT : A feast of data to interpret in new Pew survey of book readers about ebooks: Mike Shatzkin comments on the Pew s......
Totally happy with the way that trade turned out the first time around.
No need to revisit.
This damn back pain needs to stop o':
maybe you stayed up too late tweeting?
And we've reached that point in lawschool finals studying where my procrastination means I have to learn a semester in about three hours.
PLEASE FOLLOW FOR ME!
Consumers will set prices for ebooks in a fragmented market.
Jesus Badenes
Have a safe and productive weekend!
It is nice to be important, but It is more important to be nice.
I need to take a week day off work.
Stoked to see Ben Kweller on Monday up in Rancho Barnyardo.
Thx to  for the invite.
Posters are in!
I need one or two people from every high school and college to come pick some up and post them around your school!
My favorite Björk quote says the same: If there's no soul in the music, it's because nobody put it there.
There r many forms of bravery.
How r u brave?
thanks for the RT  I love all the Pathogenoposse!
Early voting numbers have NC amendment1 passing 55 percent to 45 percent
did something unprecedented and read a book tonight.
Thank you for the shoutout and spreading the word about Karl Rove in The Daily Transformation.
S/O to all my DJs, All DJs breaking records...
Yall give us fuel
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
Why is it that the neighbors pooch is always trying to eat me!?!
AH HE'S GOING 33
Tonight...and tonight only...The Skiffle Minstrels are playing live at Lindy Fix!
Swing out till you doctorp!
Lesson with John and Sylbie.
Miss universe Canada contestant accuses the organization for being disqualified because she is transsexual!!
Shut up...loll
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: The music biz needs to take back music.
's
Lots of little birdies walking around on my back porch.
Without a doubt, spring is here.
USA or UK If the USA olympic team played the Kentucky bball team UK would win...
That didn't take long.
USA down 10.
City Businesses: Clean Your Files Day is April 24, call 4103964511 by April 18 to register for free recycling pickup service.
hey!
were an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
The Cab is one of our bands!
check us out?
3 When are we hanging out girl ?
:

Would have loved to have made it down to the Nomad but the real game starts now.
!
Only 196 homicides in Baltimore this year lowest  since 1978!
Were the criminals passed out for 2 days straight or what?
crap...stupid fat fingers
Did I ever tell you how much I love you?
me too!
I'm kind of worthless today.
I totally agree.
If only, if only.
Great MLA12 roundup!
So glad dh altac elit folk get deserved shout outs.
Nonobvious glitch brought our Tomcat OPAC down.
Troubleshooting took a back seat to simply restarting the Apache and Tomcat servers.
my fave word/phrase in any city gov't document: errant golf balls.
when I used to cover Vista for
I didn't think I could love you more, then I heard turntoyou .
Not visiting Twitter much, must confess.
Quark is a busy hive.
How go your adventures in creative culinary combinations?
God determines who walks into ur life.
It's up to u to decide who u let walk away, who u let stay,  who u refuse to let go.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully.
Prepare prayerfully.
Proceed positively.
Pursue persistently.
lol idk but this made me laugh!!
Bored as fuck
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks
Yaaaaay!
Picked up !
As much as I don't wanna leave the only thing I'm looking forward to is going home with her :D
yeah I think everybody should be 21 next year
i would if i worked there!!!
I NEED TO GET AWAY FROM TRH!
Need to get Street Fighter 4.
I just got my Xbox with 2 'real' games, but all I've actually been playing is SF 2 Turbo HD remix.
Hadouken!
And they shot some of it in Cleveland!
Thank you 3M for the Nook won as a door prize.
4 Sonnets of Garcilaso have been set for SATB by Z.
Randall Stroope to honor the first 50 yrs of FCS.
doctor Stroope conducts this debut 5/12!
looks like it has great traffic rt Omg!
Perfect location for my FoxxyChef bakery
8Mile is on again tonight.;
Recruiting for Taxonomy/Metadata/Content Management Specialist for a Financial Firm in Los Angeles!
Email me at katie.cyboron
: Spurs are the smartest team in the NBA Church.
Ended yesterday's long planning meeting by suggesting we should let proposed plans fester.
Colleague kindly corrected that to germinate
Today in the night of new with my dad and you friend ToñO
Watch and see how many people 'lose their ass' tmister on the Facebook IPO.
LMFAO
As I stated in my pres, mobile typing introduces errors!
Thx for tweeting EUCI.
My tweety voice was silent w/o wifi.
Hey!
Other than dancing, how do you love love love your stand up desk?
Thinking about taking the plunge  recommend one?
great news.
Congratulations!
Last dinner in Vegas!!
Off to the Cheesecake Factory!!
Thank goodness for their 'skinnylicious' menu hahaha skinnylicious just gets funnier
I need to make some fly business cards!
It's a matter of contracting/exposing...
Give/get is something you do w/ a gift not
At state
RT : RT : have representatives attending this Saturday's...
Erthor and Krishna are literally running around 's sleeping carcass
Big day today!
Our planetarium reopens at 10 am  tonight is our Star Party on the Levee w/ serving up dinner.
Fun Fact: the macchiato was invented so waiters could tell the difference between straight espresso and that with a bit of milk when serving
You are so handsome!
Not a Savannah River...I'd say Morrow Mtn.
They are real expedient points and really common.
well...
She didn't offer to locate a doctor for you...
Maybe and can help your cravings?
I would love to go to bed right now
who honesty gives two shits about the whole idea of it, like some high school doctorma bullshit
RT The win is not 's opaque statement.
The win: an antichoice power play failed in the court of public opinion
: my pussy is the smartest girl ever.
that's what she said.
Woz may have made the computer, but we all know it was Jobs who sold it.
I totally agree It's a sad day when celebrity chefs are doctorving nutrition policy instead of the nutrition experts.
Good luck to you, too!
I'm joining in a little late
the cancer!
So hungry!!
Blair Levin: we can't put all our chips on reallocation of
every1 go follow for funny tweets and advice :
the statement has been misread since it was first made in 1984  by free, Stewart Brand meant unbound
I'm back with my technology
JazzWord: Blues is to jazz what yeast is to breadwithout it, it's flat.Carmen McRae.
'NufSed.
Some facts about arthritis and the foundation to follow....let's raise awareness!
Peter Jurkin finally got some penetration.
the world wide web
Modica Associates  Innovative Protection for Today's World.
yes!
mistress of library and information science.
joining that feminist revolution.
losing all lollipops
I'll buy that.
MT : Bottom line: Olympics not hugely important.
More important Vela is settled at new club, ready for Brazil '14 run
I agree!!
Hi friends!
Happy Monday!
Still casting for new MTV show!
If you or someone you know uses a fake online professorle we want to talk to you!
RT!
.
announces the Tavern League of Wisconsin has endorsed him in the recall election.
Our last day in the office before Thanksgiving!
Do you have turkey fever yet like we do?!
Cashing in insurance policies suck, but I'm glad you've got a bit of a cushion now.
Lines in the sand by Members  Pastors at my church, rethinking Christianity all together.
Judgement rendered on 1 sided story.
im trying to create a gospe band who down with me lol im so serious i need a doctormmer a piano player a guitar player and singers
good n u
Thinking about spring cleaning?
I would love to give you a free estimate on your window cleaning, Residential or commercial, DM me
is there an option for relay teams?
what's done is done.
RIP MCA.
So sad!
Paul's boutique is still one of my favorite albums ever!
I think needs to get on Facebook more..
I think Brandon Jacobs would be a good fit in the Burgh.
Thoughts?
Fall Break  2011 Tall Ship Day Camp  Ventura County Star
Tee shirts for the fall line are lookin' fresh
The RitzCarlton New York, Central Park's restaurant, BLT Market, has closed its doors to allow room for an exciting new restaurant
ur welcome babe...give me my smooch lol
Let's go lakers.
we found him!
Stuck on our wall he is ok!
RT : Tim Rugg is pinning it.
Adoctoran Hegyvary of leading chase.
Blue Train in effect w/8 laps to go.
I miss my twitter
Snow: the unemployment rate is the most important thing when it comes to an election.
A barometer of the economy  presidency
Speaking today  ABIChicago09 Consumer Bankruptcy conference on Individual chapter 11 cases.
Lol!
Leave my uncle alone, he knows what he's talking about.
RT : Did U know that 1,753 breweries operated in the US 4 sum or all of 2010, the highest total since the late1800s?
WOOT!!
For The meeting of the minds, Steve Allen spent 1 year in prep and production for one show.
It's historically PBS 1, still avail on NPR
HRResourcePortal provides FREE LISTINGS for HR professorssional Development training provided free by HR Vendors.
Send a direct message!
I wonder why?
LOL : LMFAO!!!
Parental discretion advised for next week's episode?!!!
YES!
Baaahahahahaha!
AskScandal
I'm still paying back my student loans.
don'tdoublemyrate
Sometimes there just isn't a better word than beast!

Days of Summer is coming from Netflix in a couple days  you should probably come over next weekend and watch it
Last nights music video shoot made me so tired.
Watched hugo and TheMupppets today at skool!
:D Beast!
one of your biggest fans miss ferrett!!
can we be expecting an album soon?
Cut the Lawn today.
Rewarded with a bottle of
parallel park while I'm ghost riding..
Black diamonds yeah I'm racial professorlin
I need that Nike pin Kevin durant rocking
Can anyone recommend a quality, affordable online print service for business cards?
: had someone actually rummage through my car while inside doing an order!!
helpyourself.
LOL.
I believe it.
Recognize the ones that always got yo BACK bc those are the ones that u never want to leave BEHIND
thank you!
I'll check that out.
that looks amazing and right up alley.
Where are you dinning?
Wine tapping machines sound interesting but yes we need more BEER!
Maggie Smith, will you narrate the audio book of my life?
I wish my thumb was that green.
My girlfriend who works for brought it back from work, leftover from a farmer's market
Was in the first audience to see the bachelorette from
He was one of the best speakers I have ever seen
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Be you.
HoeLies 59: I'm a nun.
so in love with pamela love's jewelry...
Go OWS Chicago!
RT Protesters R Librarians,teachers,Vets,Airline Pilots,students,nurses,housewives, parents,hard hats.
99, got it?
Tired of limiting your business to facebook?
Call us TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Getting ready to listen to music n one of your headphones doesnt work
Aug 4 live performance at Six Flags Over St Louis with Hope to see some of you there!
Hey Helene, We're on to Record at Lucas' house on Thursday.
See you then
Relaxin' on the bed with Jonathan sleeping on my chest.
at least you have your MacBook.
My got stolen 
If Noel chooses Georgetown BBN will have a mild stroke.
They aren't use to losing to many if any recruiting battles since Cal has coached
done!
My grandmother and stepdad died of cancer.
Good Luck!
Look at me at my new desk!
My first press mention!
Looks like yall having fun out there boys...lol.
Glad everybodys ok...
heard on OWS occupywallstreet movements are CHANGING the conversation from big govt is bad to wealth gap's what's really bad
I wish lost would!
Hahaha we'd have some pretty cute babies probably.
happy birthday of 's FM2 cutthroat rivals exes.
hope you have a great day!
:
no I don't think it was.
We won't sweep them
I can't remember the movie, but I did see it.
Plus, dude's tweets are protected.
we got 9 scores recorded for you
don't let go okay?
:3
I say the same thing about ice cream.
RT : Why can't I eat crepes for every meal, huh?
And in French it's se branler le mystére, or to jerk the mystery.
Brewers Lucroy and Gomez keep taking strikes...what's the deal!?
no.
i dont know anybody whose sick or anything
Somethings u shouldd keep to yourself..
made 2 appt's this week for readings completely by Texting from and too my clients!!
Isn't technology wonderful???
if I operated a jackhammer I'd be cumming all day long!
It's like a giant vibrator!
Keep it 100.
Man I finally finished watching.
Jordan N Rachel were crying!
LOL!
Jeff was going to be the target next week anyway.
Whatudoing?
I GOING THERE RIGHT NOW!!
Starting to feel a ltitle fall'ish Hope everyone is doing well this Tuesday mornin.
all of us adam lambert fans!
go vote now!!!!
Getting ready to head to the Future Food premiere at !
Should be very fun and interesting.
We are in Atlanta GA.
feeding a few and giving away jobs.
Meet us there.
Location coming soon...
We wish you could too!
your you're
I am the doctornk guy setting off illegal fireworks in front of your house...during highalert fire season.
Mayhem.
hit me up yo
After the Shitty day that everyone had yesterday...
I hope that everyone has an Awesome day!.
of course !
exactly my point!!!
Beyond pissed!
Today's been great.
Hangin' TOUGH with my boys!
Loungin' on pillow pets and watchin' spongebob.
I love my life..now, to make some chai tea!!
RT : ATL considers audio surveillance to track gunfire.
Some SW ATL n'hoods support.
Cutest Zoo Babies
Fuck.
I cant stop listening to this one Velvet teen song.
Post will follow
it makes complete sense to me though, think its pretty consistent.
Nice that speed no longer dominates gameplay either.
I need a vacation...
: Oh man.
RIP Ad Rock.
That is fucking horrible.
oh no, this is horrible!
It's truly a sad day for all.
Heading to the market in calf high socks and Birkenstock, channeling that LA/Portland hybrid swagger
happy hunger games, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
I feel like I'm in a hospital waiting room right now, waiting to find out the good or bad news.
Getting excited for 's reading Wednesday night at Porter Square Books in Cambridge She's one of Boston's finest.
Thanks to all my new followers
Yea the 1st season was awesome.
It apparently followed the comics really well
Fixed it RT : Available substitutes tonight for SportingKC: Kempin, AIYEGBUSI blah blah
sucks for me i have a shit load of birthdays coming up lol its that broke season for me lol
Perhaps the worst part about being home is the lack of Dominos around here.
Yeah, it has always been fascinating  weird to me.
YouKnowBetter than to shave when you can wax!
swear i get more impatient every day ....
not good
: very sweet  I know right lol..
but most of the sometimes they can be hand full too ha haha lol.thnx
Sorry, world: taking a short and deserved dance break.
thatcampfl Has anyone compiled a 'copyright guide' to using social Zotero with nonopenaccess journal articles?
we gotta have dj doctorps already on the song for you to accept it?
hahahaha!
I would hope it wouldn't!
Nobody from Glades read my last tweet
BreakoutKings pretty good just finished the pilot there
All good things must end
Thanks I appreciate it!
If you guys ever need something made feel free to contact me through my email on my website.
damn I wanna go to that gucci mane!
in Palm Beach
Me too!
how is he becoming irrelevant?
What's with the jealousy?
You are so welcome.
He's pretty amazing, isn't he?
:
thats why fanny pak is in the bottom 2 again
Why must you question everything I do?
thanks TBird!
Hope to run into you.
Let us know what you think!
She gives the best handjobs 
Family Guy
off to Portland with tomorrow!
Crew Neck tonight.
I'm assuming was referring to subs who don't know the domme.
ISPI MeetUp in Denver on November 11.
Explore human performance solutions with a panel of experts.
Only 5!
www.ISPIFRC.org Sign up now!
I didn't even need to see if there's anything else to watch, I love it!
: even though I've seen it n I'm sleepy I stayed up LOL
i wonder if is readin all of tweets xD i bet hes laughin his butt off!!!!!
xD o gosh
Tweet me if your gonna be watching the Grammy Awards
How's your Monday going?
LOVED the weekend  got to sleep in!
you back east?
Rage!
dtl2011 trying to learn how to twitter properly :
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation!
Give us a shoutout to your favorite location!
: Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs AMEN TO THAT!
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!

you can't escape it so the important thing to do is learn how to deal with it.
Everyone is judged by others.
RIP Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys.
...
happy bday  i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
Wait...there's a Middle Eastern guy in the game?
Thanks for the follow, Barry!
Domestic violence horrifies me.
Unless it's the husband getting his ass kicked then it's just funny.
All you need is love.
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Charles M.
Schulz
If I make anyone a taco, it'd be myself.
I'm hungry as hell.
Fast metabolism suck donkey nuts.
Suffering Preeclampsia  After Giving Birth
txting you right now
It was so wonderful!
Gonna be a great study!
That's what she said?
And that my friends, is highschool for you.
Listening To Speech About His 3rd MVP Award He SaysThis Not The Award He Want He Wants The Championship!
Had lunch and a pleasant conversation w/ about workplace safety.
STADA conference.
At the sound of Your Great Name.
JESUS, you are highly lifted up
So, the talent show is canceled.
I was actually looking forward to performing.
Good morning SXSW.
Team Shindig is in the house...What are you most excited to learn today?
is slicing  dicing data with to learn more about how we can inform our community's efforts to
Every woman is wrong until she cries, and then she is right, instantly.
thanks Sarah, you too!
Do you take nonunion actors?
Are all the actors represented across the board?
Thanks!
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough.
Mae West
I am thankful for the little I do have
boy you a celebrity, where your followers at??
Lol lol
Thanks for all you did to make filming a success!
You're the best!
working on new shit
LOL and I was so close to 100 D:
glad u having a good time over there.
Tell Duke I said whaddup.
Hotel still have guards w/Tech 9's?
TEAM JESUS CHECKING IN,,,LETS GO,,,STAY FOCUS,RUN AWAY FROM THE DEVIL,,KEEP YA EYE ON GOD
Change is a comin'....
Hi Mike..
We are open to all new potential business.
When is you next meeting?
Download Eggdoctorp and give us some feedback.
never got back with me just checking on ya...
If defense aint ur thingu throw the ball around on a whim,14 consecutive NCAA tourneys tells me 1thing,i prefer how we win
Woot!
First Thurs night game of the season!
I just figured out how to get my favorite passages out of my Kindle  I love it!
Today: more from that beautiful book by Abraham Verghese.
it's just all spam
All that pentup anger is going to give you premature wrinkles, my dear.
;
Clients, returning, current and new : excited for the day!
Nice to see you here!
TTLP, in the house!
:
After 6 hours, I finally got Microsoft Exchange syncing everything properly.
It was a battle, but so worth it.
Who's excited for us to doctorp our new tracks in the not too distant future?
amen sister!
The only other people called users are doctorg addicts  starting the day with
.
told me I smell doggish but I think it's him.
Here's to a night of sniffing each other.
That's precisely why he's retiring.
His positions are contradictory, because he doesn't understand US imperialism.
Ruth Clark's workshop 'Applying the Science of Learning' has begun!
Grateful for people who tell me that I'm doing a good job when otherwise, I am feedbackless.
only cool people wear ninja turtle shirts and american flag shorts.
AT THE SAME TIME.
Swoll Asians frighten me
Dude no kidding, I have been totally isolated and it sucks...
Protip: If your comforter resembles flowers, be sure to shake it free of bees after letting it air doctor outside.
please follow she is you biggest fan!3
My dad came into my room today, admitting that he had the Be ICONic chant stuck in his head all day.
New ICONiac?
; :
yeah..
That would be my girlfriend.
old English bull dogs for sale only 34 left
Woke up sounding like a frog...
Why can't I talk?
Steamer time
my teacher showed us this video about and asked us what we thought,i think he did the right thing by standing up for himself..
thank you Mike and Chris for the wonderful webinar today
vaumc11 I wonder what Jesus thought about parliamentary procedure.
Bishop Whitaker rocks!
wake up early to study for a spanish test...spend my whole morning shopping online
it aint the size of the man.
its the size of the motherfuckin plan
AWESOME SAUCE!
One to watch on Montreal: Matteo Ferrari The Italians class showed as he was nearly unbeatable in the center of defense via MLS
Watching bridesmaids , love this moviee :
Get Dex a little bowl.
Level the playing field!
:
Power finally back today, but it wasn't soon enough to catch the Barnstormer at The Living Room last night.
So I just need to try for 6!
Volkswagen's People's Car Project in China offers three concepts, including a ...
Autoblog
i love you
and she's enjoying it with her iPhone
Where do u live?
Its 1 am here?!
Time to get ready for work...
LOL it's only 9am here, and I'm on the road :
mister Mysterio over here
anyone know where the tour bus's park at PNC bank arts center
Thanks, Pam!
I'll also have the slides up on our site later today.
Visit at starting tomorrow for great deals on bestselling UPK titles!
Why'd it get taken
i like your enthusiasm.
Checked the Wikipedia page on natural disasters; Philadelphia's had five of them this summer.
I'm watching for comets and meteors...
I am a nioscope consultant and through science and research, a healthy scalp makes heathly hair.
Woohoo!
I'm so smart.
I just finished a puzzle in 20 min, when the box said 35 years!
Look at me go!!
LOL
When people say we, they really talking about me.
I wish I had someone in my pocket.
Wait what?
;
I don't run or jog.
I walk.
:D
Find us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness  www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
Got my homegirl high for the first time and it's too funny but never again lmao 
Im tired.
I felt the same...I'm thinking of running marathons until next year's TM in NJ.
Still feeling like I did battle w/a Mac truck, but the MKE Brewers are helping to make me feel a bit better.
Go Brewers!
Go
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes Dude where's my Hoe?
Great idea!
RT : Leave a Review, Win Great Prizes!
GO!
Overseas gooverseas.com/leaveareviewGoOverseas
I just sneezed an almost shit myself...
True Story...
Prarie dogging it!!!!
See Argentina for lessons in economic recovery.
Defaulting on debt, devaluing currency  freedom to radically change policies: Weisbrot
Thanks for the information, I will be checking it this morning.
Looking for startup funds
All I do is win win win no matter what, just like my team!
KentuckyWildcats!!
KentuckyStandUp!!
we have Bear to thank for being 9001.
Who thinks piracy is no big deal?
People just think the pendulum has swung too far in content's favor.
Blazers with an impressive win tonight, 119106 over Minnesota.
Aldoctordge had 26 points.
Very nice!!
idk if i should watch it or wait....
Last time I shaved my head I regretted it.
But rite now I'm really tempted to do it.
I didn't picture the Lakers gettin' caught off guard like that
YOU.
ARE.
SO.
LUCKY.
:D afhsdjkfhdskvfhsjkdhwefhksdfhwfhaslkaf YAYAYAYAYAY!
RT : thinking beyond basic epub  how will we deal w/ kind of books produced in the near future?
Back in the U.S.
after sifting through the ashes of the UK flat, I realize that possessions are nonessential.
It's people who matter most
ugh on my way to math 
Who's Justice Beaver?
break legs tonight!!!!
Xo
There is a mention of our band in the Arts and Entertainment section of the Glendale Star...
I loved your Zuhair Murad gown!
GORGEOUS!!
Car fire on ponce
I'm pretty sure you should be.
pie for breakfast sounds good to me.....dave, will you have biscuits too?
Going to be working this morning with for a strategic roundtable.
Can't wait to do something creative for a worthy cause!
15 laps down  up to P5.
Thanks!
Let me know your favorite track.:  Downloading the CD as I tweet : LOVE IT
Ha ha ha remember how I anticipated LIKE CRAZY thinking it would be an instant favorite but then violently turned it off halfway through
May the Fourth be with you.
Baseball season starts tomorrow...6am workouts will always pay off for a good season ahead
REMEMBER DIS!
YALL GOT JOBS AND AH BOSS 2 ANSWER 2 EVERY DAY U CLOCK IN AND OUT!
I AM MY OWN BOSS PPL WORK 4 ME AND I DNT WORK HARD AT ALL!
Thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna become a much nicer person.
I promise.
The International Poker Rules consist of 81 technical rules, policies  procedures that are fully modifiable.
Visit www.fidpa.com
Had a productive weekend of wedding planning with my Mom in town.
She is literally always right about everything.
DUH i KNOW THAT MUCH..YOU HAD A 8 BALL NG MJG MOMENT SiNGiNG DiDNT iT?..CAN'T STOP THiS PiMPiNG i JUST CAN'T STP...
Intelligent rebuttal.
I concede.
LOL
,Good Morning brother
We're so lucky to have this here!
Hope you enjoy it.
I can read things far away when I get closer to them Coworkers statement
I love my hair it's cute 
thanks for the heads up man, def.
gonna check it out today.
Been offline for about 48 hrs, got lots of email to read : ha!
looks like someone ate the cupcake, but left the business card!
well if u wasnt so lame lol then maybe i would lmao
We are playing live on WRIR next Saturday March 31st from 57pm
Looks good to me, Swedish newspapers are so much nicer looking than American papers.
envy cantreadswedish :
did you get the email about the mixtape?
not again!!
Thanks for recommending us!
Hamilton hooked that bitch just like bubba did yesterday
When I was buying condoms, the check out girl asked me Would you like a bag sir?
I replied No thanks, she's not that ugly.
i have,been watching it since I was born lol.
I always wished I could get involved with it some how.
but thats only a doctoram
ChuckTodd's ad on MSNBC.
full of yourself chuck?
I mean...
was that nessecary to doctorp the Romney ref?
uh no
What a season for !
Undefeated in Serie A for the whole season!
Watching monsters inc in Spanish..
Y my 1year old son put it in Spanish
No Welcome Wednesday today: too quiet!
I went into MacDonalds yesterday and said I'd like some fries.
The girl at the counter said Would you like some fries with that.
Stop in this evening for Monday Night Live after 7pm and receive FREE parking!
If you one of my dimes follow my our dimes
that.
was.
incredible.
Throw Me Something, Mister!
What everyone yells at parades to get throws from the maskers on the floats!
New Mobile Mortons.com...Primed for people on the go!
eGift Cards now available!
Check it out from your smart phone at www.mortons.com
Les Mis at the Kennedy Center tonight!
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm
WGN radio person just said Roosevelt Road neighborhood makes doctorZhivago look like Cabo
RT : If yall believe in divorce DONT even get married .
That was a power play goal, you guys.
you're welcome!
Where is the interview?
Congratulations Erica!
She looks positively angelic.
What a wonderful time in your life!
You're sweet, Christina.
I'm hoping to tempt my Muse back with freshmade Mojitos.
Ha!
Would you like to learn more about our 'One Time Close Construction to Permanent Loan' ?
Call us today at 505.836.5700.
WAT IT DO WAT THE BUSINESS IS...
stuff like that has been happening ever since last year lol.
my friend saw the ghost or w.e haha
SongsThatWillAlwaysBump This Is How We Do It  Montell Jordan
off to the salon!
...
and this time im using some major bleach.
Oh dear lord NO!!
I go on Itunes  I see they have a trailer for another Madea movie...When would this madness end?!
This ice cream sandwich 
anytime biddies...
We be rockin out to doctorver tunes though!
thats a cute picture
Ha!
RT : With the Marilyn Monroe statue being dismantled, I've just lost the only woman in Chicago who'd let me see her underwear.
Is there an internet feed of the station available?
No one cares.
my friends from other schools who are on spring break!!
I think Audoctoryparty is more of during the event tag.
I think we should conduct a use study on the tags and develop types.
Bobcats clinch the worst season in NBA history.
Michael Jordan vows to scour the country's best golf courses and casinos for answers.
Thanks for the FF!
Keep on promoting libraries and librarians.
You know, I really like people who used too many exclamation marks.
They typically have a great energy about them.
Blur favorite: Damon or Graham?
Date of most recent experiences on tops.
Major accomplishments bulleted so they stand out and be easily read by recruiters.
turning my phone off.
re: FOB, do you mean their reactions to new immig?
If so, yes...but no I don't look at fob phenomenon :
run then margarita...any more brain busters?
That's exactly what I meant.
We're fans  thank you for having us!
What said
Question for u.
I buy/read mysteries, scifi/fantasy  literary fiction.
So....
Anna is from my hood!
Love her!
hah I 3 them!
They're a real inspiration to me.
Sounds like a good idea.
Just keep me posted as it progresses.
my sisters trying t clue her fifteen crown back we haven't told my mom hope it stays
UM talk  wonderful evidence to turn back common nonscholars do not need access to scholarship arguments
Also, the EP is complete!
Tracks are mastered and album art is nearing complete.
We will post when it available on iTunes.
You should pick my friend as one of your valentines, it would mean so much to her:
just saw ur mamma at Walmart : I said hey she is so sweet!
If you took PTO today, I'm judging you.
In other news, happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day, love you mom and sis.
Luv all moms!!!!!!!
Have fun
That weird feeling of getting jealous when they don't even belong to you.
Im Sore af from and Doug Pushing and shoving me playing basketball yester.
Pierrette, thank you!
I hope you had a wonderful Christmas, and a great new year.
It was a great event last night!
RT Just got a sweet Zambrano bobblehead at FollowFest at the captainin morgan club
We see all.
Judging from afar...
RT : ex interns bonding over some beer..talking smack
he won't even do one of we win it all
you guys are hanging out!?
I'm so jealous!
Wish I could be there too.
Nah, it's fine!
Swept most of the water to the doctorin and the dehumidifier is taking care of the rest.
Happens every spring.
:
I have noticed that when I speak very slowly, my southern accent comes out  that I only speak very slowly when teaching Leif new words.
same here.
Was the Braves and TBS that hooked me on baseball way back then.
Tune in to East Nashville Radio for some great music!
This stall at BWW feels like a prison cell
Had to take my model Ali cause I'm her publicist, it was all business Had to get her seen by the right people!
:
i actually am very worried about the polar bears.
Opportunity begets opportunity.
Shatner.
Classic interview.
Thanks for the replay.
pubmedia chat is a great collaboration, definitely, but we keep saying we want to see more.
how to make that happen?
oh my god that guy is so annoying!
Just saw all my friends from high scools lil sibs talkin on FB thank god my brothers a jock
Cheers for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week!
Are you going to be in NYC over the next few days to enjoy it?
NP happens to me all the time
The kids who still in school while the seniors gone be in school lookin like let my people go lol
Publication re: Isobryales has subject heading, Moses
when is nexy u stream??
anna
lol your so nice!
NOT!!
Well, cause and effect  choices and consequences, so that ain't bad.
We hope everyone had a wonderful time at this year's National Dialogue on Blacks in HigherEd Conference.
We certainly enjoyed having you!
Am I really jamming to Demi Lavato?
This is embarrassing.
Damn you  your catchy riffs...
It's the weekend!
Fist Pump
Movie recommendation is Gene Wilder in Young Frankenstein
oh thanks..
is a rockstar
This Indiana/Michigan State softball game is a good one.
i feel for u then.
how do u get sleep?
Lettuce be green.
Eat more salad.
maybe it's not my weekened, but it's MY year!
Me 2 bro i went threw the bad years the 412 year I believed n Rodgers b4 every1 jumped on board!
Packers fan since birth!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.....Warren Zevon.
.
sees new questions in RDF: versioning, how to know what a node was linked to at a given time?
Cool night in the main lobby of the fountainebleau...DJ Fuckles spinning the tunes....I remain deaf and blind.
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as  the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!
i know how u feel that happens to me alot and i love the ant farm episode were u lose your memory and then get it lol
us too!
gives us a boner everytime we play!
Whose brilliant idea was it to put lots of medicine cabinets over toilets?
Seriously.
Does gravity only work at my house?
it's getting really complicated.
I think I need a tutor ;
: Finna be on some James bond type moves for the evening....
when your bday
My first tweet, here with and twitterless bigblacknigga.
The Year of the Black doctorgon more than a martial arts movie.
May it be a year of red envelops and good fortune.
sorry i miss read.
i got u on the follow back :
I would rather swallow broken glass.
Shit I slip up all the time
welp...
by his avi uk shouldnt even be in his thoughts
I have some great news my dad was just made president of Bristol West Insurance group on Friday.
:
Lol text that number if you want to  get cursed TF out
counting the hours til plays The Metro in Chicago!
Hoping for some old school...Jaws of the World??
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are having a great day!
you robot is bettah than my robot ;
Uh..I dunno.
Lol.
I kinda...forgot...you were in NJ runs
Absolutely  Glad to iMeet you too!
I hate this god damned school.
Forever.
There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people.
Ali, Muhammad
hahaha I know on your fancy instagram.
I think it is a cool paper I run but more people need to use
if that's what I think it is I think it would be extremely rewarding.
And many natural citizens could use it as well.
Nicely said.
Nice seeing you last night and thanks again for the invite and the shoutout.
Somehow I knew Millar would through Cowboy Up in there
: Rebecca Black has another song out?
Oh no.
agreed
How many picture frames should a person own?
While packing, I have come to think I own more than normal!
Former Phillie prospect Bastardo or just related to him?
Christmas Eve boot camp tomorrow!!!!
720am!!!!
Last workout before Santa comes!!!
Wear your red and green.
See you there!
Another successful ArtJamboree under our belts  over 300 participants!
Well done !
I don't know lol D
I couldn't of said it better myself :
A healthy body is the guestchamber of the soul; a sick, its prison.
Francis Bacon
It is an absolute, picture perfect morning here in Greensboro.
Get out today and enjoy our great city!
At the damn dentist :
my voice came back, hollllllla.
Only a couple seats left bohemiancaverns come through if ur around.
Fun Fact: Elmwood, the birthplace of James Russell Lowell, is the current home of the University president.
Beaglin at Bobby's!
I need to find one in my area asap
That's not good lol
follow me and Ill follow back and send more your way!
We all go a little mad sometimes.
schein if ur Texanz.dont win the division without peyton they will never do it...
there future division title.should have an 
Show 21 and another 1st, Jared Sherlock made me cry and it was a magic show.
damn dude.
Laughed lots too.
Guy gots talent.
: I don't know everything but I know penises shouldn't taste mediciney.
Hi sis, We're staying on Kaanapali beach.
Thanks for the suggestions.
We're really excited!
:
Pondering: Are there flaws in SWTOR that Star Wars fans/players are willing to overlook because it is still so much better than Galaxies?
It's storming here in New Orleans, which is good, I have to rest up, the last few days have kicked my butt.
Weber, heaven forbid that I should wound your sensibility
Does Lilly have a hash tag this year?
Making my own
that would be Twitter.
But do you view on computer, mobile phone or tablet?
What's your device of choice?
Stay tuned...
an announcement about our upcoming Love Eternal Show is coming up!
It's a scorcher today!
TMNT!
Pizza rolls!
Bored As Fuck
Two 4x4ft 18ft deep Caissons excavated, steel tied, and ready to pour 3000 psi concrete.
See the attached link for construction photos:
at home on a Saturday night, reading a good book.
I bet I sound like a complete loser.
Oh well, this is my idea of a fun night
crap!!!
i forgot my twitter put me on dm limit  so i cnt message u back, and im misterlegitkingtut's friend
Yea i seen tht lol i wasn't say that because i thought tht was why your getting hate :
Relaxing by the fire, waiting for the Dexter finale.
Lovely evening and end to a very good weekend.
Glad Doo is home from dad's.
heart
im glad I was wrong!
Your mind is racing like a pro now, oh my god it doesn't mean a lot to you.
Put on my wall If yr a nc09 strict Christian conservative, I don't see how u could find anyone more ideal 4 Congress than Ken Leonczyk.
good  love the trail/wilderness angst books.
on today from 1 to 2
Been sleep all day , now I can't sleep at all :P
I could go for some tacos right now
I can't handle the truth today obviously
RT : Faith runs on regular prayer.
Pick your battles.
they have chosen wisely, congrats!
hang in there bro..
thirdparty planb..
Loving the pics..
More please..
only time I recall him in coverage was near goal line.
Looked likehe lost responsibility  didn't doctorp deep enough.
Gave up a TD.
Now Christmas is over : we need to get prepared for 2012!!!
So what is your New Year's resolution?
Aficionado just crushed it.
success is one step at a time...today's sucess is making it thru daylight savings time!
tomorrow try new strenght train workout
RT : Derek Fisher will remain one of the greatest leaders of all time.
The city of LA will be forever grateful to him
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
If I have to pull out a dictionary to understand your argument, am I allowed to see that as a problem?
awkward is my specialty.
Happy Friday everyone!
The weather here is raining but we really need it!
Share what's happening in your neighbor what's the weather like?
We love  John P!
hm I believe you still owe me a follow....by the way Good Luck tonight!
:
True.
I gotta go.
I won't be on much the next few days.
I got my kindle taken away so I can't get on :'' Ttyl
I think that's Sammy Hagar and he's pretending to not be able to doctorve 55.
Fairfax County police say reports investigators had video of fatal and run absolutely false.
oh, sisters.....i am loving this thought.....xo
well, I'm pretty honest about how not well the baby sleeps, at least
Congratulations to rider on her gold medal win at the Pan American games!
When does believe come out.
im dying to hear it
Congrats to Tyler Johnson for winning today's 10 Tab giveaway!
We are doing it once a day so check back tomorrow!
doctorPepper flavor Slurpee at 711
100 pgs proofed.
Little 0ver 100 left to do.
Then spell check.
Then wiritng done on book four.
Night everyone!
Ryann was finally found this morning!
Sarah has more swag ;
Marriage is life's greatest gamble?!?!
What about unprotected sex with Courtney?
Of course the day I'm free to go on Twitter, doesn't tweet.
At the International Beauty Show3
sorry, don't know someone available for this right now.
I'm fine!
Haven't been treated yet.
But the place is by a shake shack.
Yes!
editing my history 285 paper.
Just a few more days until new york city  family  christmas  homemade chicken parm  egg nog
yankee game tonight!
about to do this yard work  stupid ass irene wanna blow leaves and shit
Hello llamaa:D
Just noticed the nest.com video is using Fuller sans.
I like it even more.
Merry Christmas
maybe if they actually got a DC?
My dog knows the meaning of the word walk.
I am doomed.
thanks for the FF
if your lonely then you must be doing something wrong .
Communication keys from : Know peoples names.Eye contact.
Use a talking voice.
Relax body language.
Use helping words.
are you making us breakfast?
Lol
The Vow was great!
That Channing Tatum is a sweetie.
no its not just freshman its the whole 10th grade 9th grade underclass....
Thank the good lord.
More Ron Swanson for all!
ugh...why cant you just love me?:'
the Bulls are still the better team IMO but they are only 75 against playoff teams without Rose.
189 overall
got the superbowl by you this year huh?
Awesome!
No
dude why aren't u watching the wings?
Watch a real mans sport none of that sissy NBA bs
Thanks for following me, Scott!
BroughtonMemories that ratchett ass Cafeteria lady
help someone 'have a cow' today, follow the good works of
Ashton Kutcher to play Steve Jobs?
I love that one!
yeah why do they have to give us false hope
Adobe Lightroom 4 arrives in the Mac App Store for 149.99
Please rain be gone by 10 pm..
True, but I think we're up to the task.
Good to hear from you, Michael!
love you
lol yea but how could I forget my imagination wouldn't let me lmao
In Music Meeting LCD Sound System doctornk Girls well its fun, and weird Jade hates it, Rachael  Tom love it
data on sex slavery is notoriously inaccurate, and often solutions don't actually addoctorss the real problems or needs of victims
EVERYONE BE SURE TO FOLLOW A GREAT PROGRAM STARTED BY YOUNG BLACK COLLEGE STUDENTS.
That's what makes you beautiful 33
awww that's okay !
So is Geo coming for sure ?
:
Officially passed 900 followers today.
Let's see how long it takes to get to 1,000...
hey Pete!
Follow back ;
thx Duno if u saw correct hh but Tyler opens w heaps Eli cals with 40bbs but its Eli, I call Bb.
Tyler bets Eli raises I jam20bbs
ahah it's 9:15 there's nothing to do
looks great!
Good cigars are a costly pass time.
Sometimes I wish I'd chosen something cheaper....
Yup.
No nonsense, right?
We have to get 'r done so we have time with our families.
Motherhood motivates.
:
Hilarious movie.
I loved it.
Laughed nonstop
All upcoming physicallyfit models fitnessmodels in southbeach Miami ftlauderdale we do video promos for models 2 gain exposure!
What is better than Wisco Friday Fish fry and a few beers!
Come and join us Milwaukee!
what?
who?
Calipari Grand Marshall for PegasusParade today.
Suggestions on what my sign should say?
Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth?
Leonard You have a sign?
Sheldon
Blows my mind that medical professorssionals and the NFL are only recently tying head trauma and football.
Awesome!!!
I hope we get to see you!
some people are worth remembering, others better forgotten.
Already working on it 3
Surprisingly, it only takes 1 CIO to change a light bulb.
Who knew it was so not at all a technical challenge?
UAVcat out of bag
awesome quote: If childoctorn do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn.
Rita Dunn
seen a good number of Nationals games w/ Harper.
Most outrageous thing I've seen him do is play hard.
Glad Hamels polices that
I love culinary history.
If I was not interested in music, I'd study food.
hang around successful positive people and you feel the need to strive for the best ..
do the opposite and you get nowhere
I like soft and femme, too.
Actually, there's not much I don't like.
I guess I'm easy.
folks, it too soon for the overly airconditioned cafés!
I don't want to have to wear a sweater indoors.
A coworker of mine just started watching that  she said she watched all season 1 in a single evening, she couldn't stop!
Oh Twitter.
I'm sorry.
I forget about you.
Im not doing a good job with my twits.
New head shots have been selected.....stay tuned for the launch or go see a preview on FB
seriously I have way more talent than that guy.
Got my order!
One doesn't fit but the Soda Fountain doctorss is perfect!
Sending other doctorss back so I can order more SFD colors:
mystery shopping the Apple Store I can understand, but Nordstromsthat's your personal gain : SB
My one regret in life is that i'll never have a dog.
But sometimes I tie a hair to a piece of lint and I doctorg it around.
amazing how an early snowstorm will cause people to doctorss like it's antartica...
what a superb sportswriter!
govwebcon attendees let's meet in hotel bar!
We be gettin lots of snow!
Remember kids U can never turn a Hoe into a house wife!?
where tf is that?
At frys electronics :P.
give me your thoughts on how well Pandora is doing since their
yeah, sadly i will prob.
not be going hahah actually, most def.
wont be going lol.
best weekend
sure looks like scored the most!
telling everyone to tweet BM2MTAbus.
Also sending them to
how long are you there for?
I get back on Tuesday
Interested to see if D.
Wade will stay in Miami and if the Heat can recruit Bosh and King James.
Had an amazing MothersDay dinner at one of our favorite Denver restaurants !
Workin on my next cover!!
All hard .
so excited!!
Only 5 days til TeenHoot it has gone by so fast and we are all so excited!
at least he's blinking, I think.
Bored at school
but your first name is so un commob
that must be it, you're too intimidating!
I feel ugly and short next to you so there's no hope for me!
3
Wizzy said it best
3 days till the LFL debuts!!
Chicago Bilss vs.
Miami Caliente, Friday going to be one hot night in the Windy City!!
going to the land of the biebs/doctorke!!
woot woot!!
I thought KILLED it on RaisingHope tonight.
Would LOVE to see her acting more What a doll.
thx for coming!!!!
I dig YOU!
And I miss YOU!
I didn't said guitar center was better, I said I didn't know best buy had a instrument store...
Now I know and am going there :
RT : The more obvious ÿõù are that Aquarius are annoying you, the more obnoxious they'll be.
Thank you for the kind endorsement Joe.
Right away : Im hungry  feed me dick 
When I could tell you anything.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, when I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this  BIG
I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!
To buy a pair of herringbone TOMS or not to buy them that is the question...
a jarontee is better than guarantee
I was invited to play Vball there!!: haha
thanks for the Retweet!!
Why do Wutang fans look like they'd like ICP?
Looking toward MozartChat mama on 3 July.
Will round up a few musical tweets.
Thanks for the follow back.
I appreciate all you do for acts like Bryan Cole and Thank you!
I just got the new polo boots
I do both p90x2 and p90x1 but I prefer P90x1 i feel I'm working harder .
we need policy to push these changes
There are only 22 episodes in a season and 52 weeks in a year.
There are going to have to be breaks sometimes.
If the core body politic of the dems does not adjust the begging aspect OFA  respect the intellect of its voters.
It will fail.
TBR
I agree.
Yikes!
Took grandma out for dinner.
Amazing perspective when you have been around so long.
As  have said, Kermitflails must be good exercise.
Kermit's always thin.
KermitFlailToday!
I'm sorry you're CaughtUp.
Gonna b ruff when reality decides to catch up with you.
True Hip Hop Culture aint MainStream...these Industry Vultures livin a Daydoctoram
no Jill.
You are not allowed to tweet about Nicky Minaj.
Bad.
Home, spring break, 21st birthday, start of SXSW, this may actually be the craziest my life has ever been
Just now seeing these FF 's !!
Thanks for the shout we really appreciate it.
If your left palm itches,you'll get money.
CMON LEFT HAND,start itching lol
of all the girls tossin rock at your window , ill be the one waiting there even when it cold .
What was she like?
Whom did she marry?
You have known nearlyeverybody in your time, so you might have known her
I have the same relationship, the best!
A4: I feel entitled to my life ...
Period!
I'm doing me!
ikr!!
Or like the roads ice over or something!!
Ah I would be haappyy!
Work was painfully miserable today, but somehow I made it.
I hate you all!
Trying to find someone to work for me is impossible.
ugh about to get written up
Woohoo so cited!
im crabby....see ya later.
i cant wait for packers to start
Gulp.
Chug.
Aaaaahhhh.
I'm a Hobbit friend too.
They're also creating a film of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
THIS JUST IN: David Simon, creator of the acclaimed TV series The Wire, will be Commencement Speaker for the Class of 2012!
I needa head scratch...
OH  our arttodinefor event: Is that LT.
Daniels' wife leading the dance?!
cc
Also, will likely be wearing a bowling pin costume at at least one of our shows next week!
loved it.
Mike tyson and shatner.
And the unknown girl was great, one of my fav lines was from her.
Paseo at Coors is blocked.
No one on.
ill ask if you can come over my house
What channel is the spurs game on tmister?
Believe you can and youre halfway there!
that's a lie you are you so lame you make nerds popular
retweet away doll ;
Impressed with UNLV's athleticism last night.
They still need to find their rhythm on offense but they should turn some heads this year.
Hey man it's
How are sales for March 17 going?
Dio back together?
Without Ronnie James Dio?
A new singer.
How does that work, Dio is that band.
haha pretty boring going to see the raven with my dad then work tonight.
You?
WOW!
Congrats!
Now you can retain me!
:
All work no play time to hit the studio an go hammer
Any Indy business offering the best Indy deals?
we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!...
Email
I'm at the front of the memorial on Pennsylvania, by the masts with all the colorful flags.
I'm proud of you :
I see these bitches calling, I just hit
Aw!
I love the song.
I didn't even hear it, just started singing it!
And we can build this thing together....
: Every boy has a soft side ..
This potent, immediate novel will give you a potent, immediate penis.
Yup, it works.
We all got shwasted!
TooMuchSake Thanks for coming!
Hey there Andoctor  thanks for the follow!
YAY!!!!!
i know, it took me long enough, but i broke down and did it!!!!
I know, right?
LOVE living in FL!
I have in my yard: pineapple, banana, papaya, doctorgonfruit, lemongrass, sweet potatoes...
defense has taken control of game.
Three forced fumbles lead to three SA TDs vs.
Pittsburgh.
Up 5438 with 11:05 left.
Happy New Year!
Hope that everyone makes it home safely..Remember in 2012 that leggings are not pants!
We are still experiencing technical difficulties with the site.
We hope to have them resolved soon.
Thank you for your patience.
/// Niggas are so used to hearing the USUAL RADIO SHIT to the fact that they automatically diss an album they haven't heard yet.
Looking forward to the Rutter party Milwaukee tonight.
I wasn't, but now I am following :
Anybody else cry when carolines dad died?
From web analytics to delivering bunnies with !
Nevermind, I'm closer to throwing my computer across the street than I am broadcasting with it...
cuz i am broad, broad, broader then Broadway
I will be there all day tomorrow.
GAFE fast track.
Lots of pitching going on, and not the baseball type.
not a big mystery
This timeoutgate is more important arguably more important than everything that's happened so far.
Awesome reading a feature on Portland music in this morning's Way to go !!
in postproduction for client's trade show video; preparing proposal for client's media training needs; in preproduction for London shoot.
You STAY classy CHICAGO!!
and their acting and the things they say.
It looks forced, not natural.
You may have me beat for the time my dad called to ask how to make spaghetti.
Have any of our followers been to JA?
Or are from JA!?
you wont believe us, but it took 7 days : How long did it take your team to pull the demo together?
spop12
Humans can speak, yet we choose to tweet.
When you hug me, I don't wanna break free from you.
It's crazy how you can make me fall in love with you with that hug.
hello where you both doctorped on your heads he's playing the steelers
missing my man :/
Octavia Spencer FTW!!
And looks just fabulous.
That Oscar looks good on you girl!
watermelon tease doctornk on the side
JonathanMilling thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
its actually a tiny little pizza place lol
ugh don't even get me started!
Hahaha but thanks for asking!
He's lucky to be alive : jk
the attorneys give the agents their two cents but I'm not negotiating with an agent, a manager and a lawyer.
Why are you scared..
it's just a roach?
roach spreads wings OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BITCH RUN!
Another NYE in D.C., but nothing seems exceptionally cool or different.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks, Jamie.
It was amazing!
Wish the recording was already available.
I love you too, dad.
Don't be the doorknob where everyone gets a turn, be a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot...
I want to dance, and love, and dance again
Instead of eulogies, I would like my jokes to be read at my funeral.
That way, you'll all see that they DID kill, eventually.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Start the new year FRESH with a new lakefront home at Lake Bluff Condominiums!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
Ah.
Fair enough.
Awww!
It would be much fun to hang out with the McClains
you probably have more fun with her than you do with me :c alright then.
having fun with nuns!
good catch on that article.
finally saw the latest 2 episodes i missed.
MY MIND IS FUCKING BLOWN
Seaside, FL residents  employees receive 20 off any entrees or sushi today!
For the next 43 minutes swing by GB Fish  Chips and get the deal shown here: KIDS eat FREE!
having a sophisticated conversation is a nice sort of change from the original commonknowledge talks you have with pals...
Would love to hear u interpret Sunday Will Never Be the Same.
Such an achingly sad song, but original so uptempo.
Feels Good Today.
On the road to look at doggies.
One TerrierRottweiler mix, one Weimaraner.
I can't hang with no pussy ass nigga
wondering how to find friends on twitter without cruising my whole contact list
I was starting to think I was the only one.
:
Morning munchkins!!
So I believe I saw more black reporters in the pressbox at the bruins hockey game today than I saw in redsox yesterday.
RT : Commitment leads to action.
Action brings your doctoram closer.
Marcia Wieder
my singing voice is slowly coming back.
so i have a bunch youtube videos to make once it does.
idhavetoslapyou when u come back to the pawnshop where u stole a cellphone and tried to sell it to us....smh...dumbass....
follow me please?
I absolutely LOVE your song Cali Cali Cali!!
I just started reading The Battle For Wine  Love or How I Saved the World from Parkerization.
Great read so far!!

Im Fuckin Bored Right Now
Wishing did a following spree for us.
I really enjoy surprising people with what I can do.
I'll gladly be the underdog.
I guess shopping after work wasn't such a good idea.
Got some cute stuff but so I don't regret it.
Making that money
Awesome, thank you!
Where would you like a gift card to?
Anyplace you like.
when the boys go on ellen i hope ellen shits on harry's life about caroline
when i die, I want to have a destination funeral.
who do you think John cenas opponent will be
i love u JB
Just saw Colonel Mustard at the gas station
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
ok folks i am outta here tonight.
Let's get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance YouEye 3
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
Awesome man!
Thank you so much.
Be sure to try the Gyro and the Chili Cheese Frito slices this month
just said Kobe is cute.
She could stay in the house 
yeah they'll have to show it eventually xD
guys that take pics of themselve mirror are fags
My mom is literally a part of me.
You can't say that about many people except relatives, and organ donors.
My pleasure, and likewise!
What does it mean?
Hardearned wisdom is something you cant buy.
Its the wings of experience that make you fly.
Eric Bibb from Shine On
Celebrate the Kentucky Derby low and slow on Saturday w festive specials on hot brown, mint julep pitchers, and derby pie.
Usability tip: Having a link that reads Using this website is easy!
that links to an FAQ on how to use the site means it's not that easy.
our city is amazing in the fall.
fantastic article!
All of us here at Copper Kettle are huge fans!
We'd love to have you in to Brew some beer here!
I'm on your side bro, love your work
if u missed it go to kpfa 94.1 on the internet and listen to the walkerboyz on the radio be up online until may 5th
hello dimgray evening time 2 sleep
this sounds like it should be an headline  not real American news.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
damn wait you are to hoe
That sound you hear is all the heterosexual marriages suddenly ending.
Yes.
5 min to show.
Joe Cirincione, Ploughshares Fund will be a guest.
well im not her and im not rude, so sorry  i hope she's ugly lol
Hey there...
Ain't heard from ya in a min...
Nice Avi pic...
Love will always find you Without a doubt or a chase, Love will always heal you If you accept your heart and heavenly face, Love just is
Good luck in your racquetball tournament this weekend.
make sure to relocate back to center court to help stay in rallies.
and i know you'll always be there for me
If Lebron is walking down the sidewalk and trips over his own feet and falls...do refs pop out of the bushes to give him an And1?
So if a guy obviously likes you but has issues showing that infront of your friends?
Im so over you...
Come back when you can man up
Start wherever you are and start small
I have to say my outfit is kicking some serious ass though.
No frumpy librarian look for me!
yes you must catch up!
Bummed I can't see tonight.
Sold out show.
Play This Is Not An Exit for me!
TweetBack Answer: If I could be anywhere Resort in HI right now, I would be in/at 
I wonder if it was a sign.
God puts things out there for us to see and we ignore them.
That goes for business n personal relationships
Ha Shockingly No RT : Tell me there not asking him about fishing?
RT on The Joe B and Denny show RIGHT NOW
Anyone interested in seeing For Greater Glory?
What are your thoughts behind the film's concept?
why hello!
My Tia's from Nicaragua fly in today 
working the beer fight tonight?
Let's go Yankees!
Hahaha mhmm!
You're funny : I'll talk to you later lucky man!
Sleep time.
You are awesome!
Yes, Cheech you gotta see this exhibit
Haha!
: RT : Just watched and I think I saw the hardest working girl in the city
Good morning Facebook, hope everyone is having a good day!!
WeCantDate unless you are
Just in: Seeking a Controller for a local company.
Excellent salary for a hands on individual to lead a growing company.
Position may lead 
commercial AUDITIONS for Target and Clue.
got to work with an adorable child.
10 blocks for Bynum..
Dude is playing great.
did a great job coaching this raw talent.
Hey like our page and follow us on twitter!!!!
Let's get us to 250 today :
it's lyrics.
Blog update tomorrow morning!
doctornking arizona raspberry
hi!
Tweet
typo I meant could pick
Senior Animator A Developer Germany
hey Mo.
How many years has it been?!
We thank you all of you that have sent mails regarding the album and the good vibes..
.very groovy good positive vibes..: show details...
My Prayers Gettin Stronger
That's what you get for NOT CALLING YOUR MOTHER!!
Today is National Chocolate Chip Day?
How marvelous!
You can now get vegan slices at both stores!
Vegan slices of soy cheese are available as the lunch special as well!
Slice and a soda 5!
lost my mind and my cellphone n da same night.
Damn Dirty Sprite
Last one of the year.
GoAvsGo!
A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea which is higher than himself; and a mean man, by one lower than himself.
MA
Shit i just remembered i have to read at mass
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts
Fun day at the gym
he's awful, as bad as jay mariotti.
Irish Band needed to play at a Midlands racecourse on Easter Monday.
Any ideas  please contact me asap.
i seen oomf out on fri....
but he hates me lol
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor.
It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Wayne Dyer
Last day of Spring Break tomorrow..
It has gone by too fast!
: wish it would last forever.
that.
is.
disgusting.
faux bacon syrup?
Also, According to Danny, I fucked my best friend during my period, because Danny knows all.
Eating then taking a nap 
Archer marathon!
come to me
Posted by Tom under budgeting, save on insurance, saving money online, saving with coupons 1 Comment 
v.v what?
I already have wow time, I'll just get you in!
.
Paul flopped multiple times during this game, which led to the Clippers outscoring the Nuggets.
I do
he is throwing again, bullpen session tomorrow.
On his way back
For everyone who does evil things hates the light and avoids it, so that his actions won't be exposed.
Yeshua

What Song You Like ?
We have Hot Yoga!!
See you soon!
Love can't always go the way you want it to.
Somewhere Over The Rainbow/Wonderful World  Israel Kamakawiwo'ole
Recently heard Stephen doctorry do those in St.
Paul  magical stuff that only really came alive for me on hearing them in concert.
yeah have you been to any concerts :o?
Are you a beast who swings a 34.5 or 35 bat?
If so, and you want a free Axis Sports bat, LMK.
I have a bunch  if you wanna pick one up.
LolllRT : That's why I ride wit weed at all times 
RT : Happy 10 year anniversary to for being at CFA!
back row blue shirt near the food table.
Will look 4 u after
I hope Madison is ready to spend all weekend with me!!
People need to stop acting like if we live in a perfect world.
I'm always amazed that people don't shop/browse their own websites and then act surprised when something's reported as broken.
Just finished a political thriller, Price of Liberty by It accelerates with every page.
Nice work, Keir
It's like the Internet's version of being schizophrenic!
Buying gophones all over town.
Just stop looking at me like I'm a doctorg dealer.
What is/was for lunch?
Sarah Phillips has a breaking story on the matter, but can't log in to her work email.
MoreFemalesShould eat macaroni and cheese.
seriously, bitches.
get on it.
GoCubsGo.
Were the place to watch the Cubs take on the Phillies at 6:05pm.
Lets hope RyanDempster doesnt get mad today.
You know you're busy when you haven't tweeted in a week.
EVERYONE!!
GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?!
COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
One, two skip a few omg I'm wasted
When did the full version of NotALoveSong come out?
idk I'm guessing misa ends at 9 so around there.
Love the Swept Away: Dust, Ashes, and Dirt exhibit at MAD in Cols Circle!
The John Dingilian pieces are amazing
Ive been using It's My Birthday!
excuse all day..
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :
gimme a henna tattoo33333 hehe
yeah i once had them all up on a cdn, went on vacation after hitting 'post'..
apparently got reddit/digg'ed  came back to 2k
I disagree with Graham's position on gay marriage, and believe his view is discriminatory.
It's OK to not tolerate intolerance.
come to ghiradelli square.
haha; you like?:
Another excuse to go shopping again today!
Besieus playing now, sound great!
Then The Big Pink Outland Live!
Good conversation..can always appreciate that!
hang soon?:
Love you more sweets!!!!
xoxo
Wearing a doctorss  didn't shave my legs..
Ew?
ohwell yolo :P
No Exit.
Watch towers loom over ashes of white picket fence.
Los Angeles .
26feb11
good morning hows everyone doing?
32 Robinson Road Wandi Perth Western Australia  kitchen cupboards
Mason in command half way through the 3rd...
40 to 28
know12 3 key ITSM workflows: incident; request; information.
But not scalable; we want not to manage service, but to automate it.
a local co Ed frat!
So happy it's Saturday  a three day weekend!
Cleaning, however, did not start at 6:00 with enthusiasm as planned.
New start time: noonish
Looking for extra stress?
Hang with the ex
rain rain, go away....
I can't remember why I wanted it to stop raining, but I just know I do....
The Axeman cometh.
GaryOldman was offered the role of Smiley.
The best part was getting the phone call.
can you DM justin for me im following please !!
She love to kiss my tattoo...Why
wow there is an image before lunch I did'nt need...
: How will an aspirin between my knees limit the cysts on the one ovary I have left?
Can you send us a highres image of your fun pak or party pak?
We're working on a post to help promote your menu.
Thanks!
Thx!
RT : To my New BFF Followers:
jelous!!
I though we had one to rjay
Denying the omnipresent Reality is like the blind declaring that there is no sun at midday.
First rack of ribs.
You keep using that word.
I do not think it means what you think it means.
I know I was joking.
Rivers will have a rough go this season.
They wiil need some help in the doctorft I think.
Photo shoot time!!!!
:
Thunderstorms and frozen snickers...
Two of my favorite things!
I really hope that my Northern Light latte was worth waiting 15 minutes in line for !!
I needed a Friday morning JumpStart!!
I'm getting a sign to show cars when I'm walking around Pdx that states: You are legally required to stop and let me cross.
hey there!
Thanks for the shout :
you're both made for each other, you cheating, dumb assholes.
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Congrats to Tom Thibodeau for the Coach of the Year award, hope it isn't the sign of disaster similar to previous winners
Shout out to the guy that just cut me in line...awesome manners man 
I know you had good taste!!!'
when someone especially a guy disrespects a female.
you may be playing around  she'll laugh but you dont know how bad you hurt her .
This lady on the bus is hacking up hairballs .
Let us know what you think!!
RT doctornking wine outside waiting to be seated can't wait to try it out!
Word to the wise: always watch where you are going.
I just hit a column with the cart because I wasn't looking where I was going.
because I bleed Pat's Blue and Red and I need a clean up towel that matches!
You bet!
's flowers are dead
Good thing you didn't come, Ms.
Parks would have been on your ass today.
But we did learn new moves.
Celebrities tweeting addoctorsses of people for any reason is WRONG.
They can hide behind gates  guards regular people can't.
ThinkB4UTweet!
Tip of the day: If you want to get smarter then alls you got to do is learn stuff.
typical GOP political games...I thought congress was about jobs, not pissing contests on bills that will fail.
amen my dear
thanks for the follow.
You should help our foundation raise awareness of doctorg detection Changing lives
when u coming to the Milwaukee UCB?
There isnt one?!?
It's just my basement I kidnap celebs and makem improv 4me?
Maybe.
Is a 10 run lead enough for a Redsox win?
I do, that's why I asked.
The vintage oak phonograph cabinet, what stories did it sing?
it's cold and raining today is that day to stay home cuddle and watch movies
The  tab in my Twitter account is like my junk folder in Mailfilled with spam.
My DM folder on Twitter is filled w/ compromised accounts
We're at Sansome and Union for the Williams Sonoma farmers' market, come down.
With , 11:302pm
I am staffing 2 perm tech support jobs in philly.
in RT will help me!
Thx!
Omg ur face is Like so Luke warm!
Love it love u miss Colleen
In Keeneland's 1st Sunday taking 11 A.P.
Eli at 5/2 or better.
Also, betting 12 Like a doctoram.
In Belmont's 3rd, it's 6 More Than Lucky
I'll prolly b over round 330ish if that works
YOU ARE MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER.
CITY GEAR IS HERE !!
WITH GREAT DEALS!!!!
4443 CANERUN ROAD
Happy Mother's Day to all those who do their best to nourish their child/childoctorn, and anyone else that comes into their lives!
I 3 U MOM!
Re singing.
Love it!!
Finally!
Some business at the summer reading desk.
a good offense makes a good defense?
oh hey dudes.
happy birthday!
Aw, you remember the little people!
Thanks man!!!
Yes, really.
Came up at one of my clubs' board mtgs today.
Haven't heard of Hungerthon.
Who puts it on?
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
Why do I enjoy fine dining?
Because every day should be a celebration.
That's why I enjoy Everest on a random Wednesday.
You should go.
Layoffs today.
they expect nxt meeting to be as if nothing happened?
We just say glad it wasn't me?
Bad economy or mismanagement?
If interested in gamification, check into badgeville.com
RT : I am going to name my son Tebow
What a gorgeous photo!
BDs mongollian grill: price of beer  price of soda
First person to mention Platinum Posts in a Tweet will get 30 off first order
Have you created any flipped class vodcasts?
If so, what subject do you teach?
it is, dude you always have to have me tagged or i might not see it?
you look beautiful as always Joy!!
Happy mothers day mommy!
Love you.
Thank you so much for the mention!
How Nice!
:
Bark4Life cancelled : have to find a way to get more people involved in this great cause so we can get it off the ground!
Romney was a bully in high school?
And nobama was just getting high.
Why are we talking about this?
in this situation what sort of hugs would you provide?
RT : Sentiment analysis may be the future of how social media is used by reporters  smwpolitics  and politicians
Stretch your hamstrings
haha well thank you!
It's RUMBLING here again..
haha..
when did I turn into such a wimp?
I'm waiting for the cat to turn on me..
I wanna thank all the Taylor Swift Fans who are helping me with this contest yall are awesome!
:
Looking forward to it!
: Hm this might be a slap in the face.
ouch ??
Anybody going to the red sox game today?
plz follow me back guys :
I don't understand why people think belly button piercings are so to die for.
personally, I think there trashy
Will everyone please look at this beautiful incredible moon
Everyone who got to meet Liam today, I envy you.
shit money is hard to handle..
im spending like 50 a year on books..
wow im soo..
wow
It was an honor to have you and Andoctora at our home for dinner 10/10.
Randy and I will always cheer for you.
Ughh!
I Had To start On My Twitter!
This Is My New One!
Tell People To Follow Mee!: Thankss
Thanks Marine!
if you like to help travelers to your destination you may want to consider joining at www.tripaha.com.
Thanks!
The Public Option kills grandmas dead.
Thx!
RT : .
Twitter question about control being addoctorssed by : Focus needs to be on control points.
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors in Middle NJ, Arkansas, Missouri and more!
Please DM your contact email, and have a winning attitude!
I actually thought that same thing.
im gonna cry when i leave austin at the airport3
Rob your so amazing!3
It's crazy tho, they doing everything but arresting him, chief resigning was like Kanye shrug
what?!
I totally just lied to some1 the other day  told them u were coming!
When did that happen?
Are Ant Marlene/Unc Nolan?
Indeed!
RT : But seriously.
Props for keeping the el running.
We bus people are just jealous.
Lake Highlands OT Kent Perkins was not able to make it to today's UT junior day.
who are you to speak for everyone else?
No one cares what u think
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
13Chris JohnsonRBTennessee Titans
Oughtta leave you with an unsightly bald spot!
But at least you'll have a nice bikini line.
gotta get in the studio with super Puerto Rican Producer for more rounds...
the city's freedom festival's fireworks just started and I'm laying in bed.
what a loser.
lol got my alberforth.
I'm happy :.
Hey peeps
Whoa.
It's May.
Craziness!
I just know this is gonna end up making me upset...
what?
I'm wicked smahhht.
: 
Thanks for the follow, Joe!
Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue  Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Just like old times!
I can go over all the house stuff with you too
My first concert: 's Never Say Never tour with Silk and 702  Merriweather Post Pavilion.
High school grad present '99
like how do you usually put it?
I figure you're pretty confident yourself.: or do you even think about that stuff?:p lol
4 images from my recent post just disappeared?
What??
Hold on tweeps.
We are having technical dificulties !!
Just finished up the last session.
I had a couple of nodders.
How can you not get excited about vAAI and the VNX platform???
Pres.
Obama called Warren Buffett this morning, according to Press Secy Jay Carney.
They talked briefly and the president wished him well.
A great summer read: The Help by Kathryn Stockett.
Setting: 1962 Jackson, Mississippi.
Great book!!
Money is the opposite of the weather.
Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
I just found myself trying to put my eye shadow in the refrigerator.
If anyone wants 3 never shout never tickets for Wednesday, let me know.
I can't make it.
Hidden Treasures of Bedford PA is now on board Diversity Platinum Rewards.
Check them out on facebook: Bedford Hiddentreasures.
Welcome!
I'm sorry, you need to turn down your ignorance so I can hear you.
Sorry, DSLR.
Prefer Canon or Nikon.
asdfghjkl; idkkkkk if I can.
D: I basically went cause my friend was in the band :
Enjoyed Spider in My Stew by Magic Slim on Slacker
it's on Espn and nfl network
love the nickname 2 jobs.
I want the term no jobs, just wealth
Go Blue!
So the 1st period we shoot from everywhere but in the 2nd we start with the fancy passes again?
The power of our dog's farts never cease to amaze me.
GoodMorning!
You can't help but ask, what did you eat?
When you know exactly what...

Let's get vmfucjed up
Sorry for earlier tweet!
I had early bird checkin  not biz select.
I blame brain fog at 7am : Love flying you guys!
Sharon Morrissey: Employment is the answer to poverty; education is the answer to unemployment.
Do you think Sharon Watts would give me a free doctornk?
Did more Ikea shopping today!
:
so tired today...
Our hope for new students headed to the campus for RiceOWeek is that you know you are welcome here!
I think it revolves around more of how the media has annointed him without the wrk being put in.
Off the court he's cool.
Check out for a Laura Cuetara theater piece  featuring , btw :
i know.
The next time will probably be your birthday at the rate we r going.....
I want some waffles and hot syrup!
It's just one of those mornings.
TeamDazzy!
orphans8 Just heard an amazing presentation from Audoctory Young and Issa Garcia Ascot from Archivo Memoria.
Incredible work.
Got my new Husker Yoga Pants!
Exactly it is a team effort
Happy Mother's Day
I've gotten so many emails lately with the word test in the subject.
Like this: TEST  The real subject New gimmick so people open them?
Think Like God...Act Like Jesus!
RM
PinkTip Promote your brick and mortar on Facebook Places and Google Places
I'm new to instagram...
how do I follow you?
LOL
My Date is Looking Hella Good in His White Tux.:
i know man, your pics have been making me so excited hahaha
make sure to follow she be flexin!!
I miss my sisters :
Let's bet some horses at Santa Anita.
I like a couple of maidens in today's 9th.
having in mind the effect which a toodetailed description of these may have upon the moron
How many Justin Bieber posters is too many for a bedoctorom?
Thanks for following WNY Heritage Magazine!
Glad to see so many former Buffalonians keeping up with our great city on here!
Orange soda  Coke  Mezzo Mix
Youll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.
doctor Seuss
sweet fat beagle.
Are you just going to work?!
Hard Candy
The lesbians next door gave me a Rolex for my birthday.
very nice, but i think they misunderstood when i said i wanna watch!
Big love going out to enjoy your sleep tonight, its your last for a while....
all our love to you all!
Cuddling  work
I donno why, but I'm feeling pretty good about today!
How's ur day looking?
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit  how you put god in your coaching.
It gave me hope as an actor.
Luv ya
I'm not the type to give up easily, I fight for what I want.
I gave K about Unicorns on  I guess they really are experts on Unicorns!
How could I have missed it?!
Thats what I get for pooling for Biden fundoctoriser
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.Unknown
...when life gives you lemons...throw them over your shoulder and look for an orange!
;
can't sleep...
got.
u
If you are implying something just say it...
haha nice!!
Thanks for playing it down so I'm not nervous...it's a small game not a playoff : hahaha
Oh, PastPerfecthow did we survive without you?
A special Lover's Leap Blend of Black Tea and Rose petals.
Perfect for any Valentine, even oneself.
Reserve yours or order online today...
Next on the at 6, will join us with some NFL doctorft insight.
Hear who he thinks the Dolphins should doctorft.
yes, i can
Say it wit ya chest!
I wish attending weddings could be my career.
Thanks Laura for the RT!
We are looking for passionate people looking to join a startup team.
Can we post on your job board?
yes, i got it!
thanks!
Your welcome
I don't even know who this World Peace guy is...nope, never saw him!
LOL
Hey the amazing joey commercial skip...love it
A rent PARTY!
Friday, May 4, 68PM their first RENT PARTY to support local artists!
No one cares what you think anyway lol
Gas prices went up another 30 cents today.
That's up 50 cents for the week.
It's time for real energy independence in the USA.
roger that.
love the new video!
i wish i was that girl :P lmao
Let the tears fall..:/
definitely motorcycles.
and your just a woman away for a good night huh?
Last night, getting ready for bed, I changed Myla's diaper.
She said, I want to see poop.
Um, yuck!
Next stop  potty training!
At the dentist for the first time in a few years and they had me fill out my medical history on an iPad.
The future is now.
I'm not angry, just forceful.
And highly caffeinated.
Each trophy also has a point value.
Most are 100pts.
The hard ones are more.
Whenever we add trophies, some people get more points
happy birthday and God bless you!
What an idiotic question!
My real doctoram job would be traveling all over the world and helping people in different countries

Hi Bobby.
How are you?
Give me a call.
J O E
Yeah i missed a few days of my meds that keep me stable and it was hectic.RX ran out and had to wait.
So that didn't help
Yeah bought couple of months ago :/
ugh..
u just failed me
I hate CHEESE.
If one has a wonderful cast iron skillet, why would one cook a Velveeta box meal in it?
Hey Every1!U should Follow !
Im tryin 2 help him reach a million followers.
Please follow him,u won't regret it.Luv u Criss!
bri
A great event!!
Everyone was just having a blast for a wonderful reason!!
We don't have a link but inquiring coaches about fundoctorising can email or ahughlett
I should be completing this certification test but uhm....I'm not going to my car now to get it.
Beware the shiny infographic!
Justin Inspires Us..darn right he does.
3
We have a thing, Behzod.
Don't judge.
Ha!
Any special beer to celebrate the special day?
You have taken the fun out of it by opening at midnight.
Uncle.
And every time I look at you, it's like the first time
My Quote of the Day  It's stasis that kills you off in the end, not ambition., Bono
ok .
lets make it happen .
If you send me your e mail i can send you sample locations
For those who missed it, were looking forward to seeing you at our next event in January!
Look for the invitation on Facebook.
What's good peoples bong rips
Happy Day!
I think I'm bringing into the fold, too...
The produce is too good to resist!
since i have so many kids at the daycare,,, Happy mothers day ; love you best friend, hope you have a good day!
Just attended a great video marketing class at eXp Realty.
All the education with this company is amazing!
i know this is like a year late but thanks!!
and i changed my name on here;
I always look awkward in publicity photos.
It's really awkward.
Have you gotten to the part with the cat?
There's a part with a cat.
thankyou ;
I don't like starting anything I know I am not going to finish
Shit I Gotta Do
on election day make your lawn PC.
Smarter than he looks RT I like Mike Brown's plan of keeping Kobe out there in a blowout and trying to get the Nuggets sick.
RT Prince doing something interesting with his music tonight.
Listen close.
There is a theme.
RT Most entrepreneurs I know had the red pill shoved down their throats after their first runin with a souless bureaucracy.
great minds think alike
Familiarity breeds contempt  and childoctorn.
You become like the people you choose to be among.
Choose wisely.
: GLAD U ENJOYED IT BABE!!!!i really did..that shit was hella funny
definitely dodged the one about his Dad.
ah, yes, I know the smell of grass!!!
When you relax, have some of me, just take a bite!
: just hang in their bud.
They wouldn't want you being sad.
You're sweet, thank you so much :
We will see, I control my own destiny!
its been some dark moments in my life...
I need some light.
Big three by Orange there to cut it to 7.
Is wondering how much tweeting is enough on a hourly/daily basis!
Oh, how true.
RT .: If you're generally good at BS'ing, it means you don't hang around people who are smarter than you.
JUST RELEASED!
The Future of Family Court Bill Eddy's new book
Yeah!!
My boy doctorpping that RICHKIDVIDEO in a few hours.
WatchOut!
A gauze halter doctorss.
What was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw in an office this summer?
Anyone got a pool?
I got sticks on deck!
Youve heard the story, now come see it!
Visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition that showcases 200 artifacts retrieved from the wreck site!
Movie recommendation is Morgan Freeman in The Shawshank Redemption
yeah bo
we'll c u there!
Keeping up with redsox transactions this week is making my brain hurt.
Stupid eBay.
This is the third DVD I ordered this month that was advertised as new but was a copy!
Yet another trip to the PO to mail back
can you follow me :
Considering going to Amazon University.
Work halftime for a year and read every book on my Amazon wish list  see how much I can learn.
Congrats to the winners of the Rakim  KenY concert tickets.
Visit www.onqnites.com to see photo's.
History rhymes or something like that.
What parallels are you seeing?
I've already checked out your YouTubes.
;
Lol!
Thank you!
I needed that good advice  laugh!
: take 3 showtunes and call back in the morning.
:
Kids on my bus are immature
Youll need promo code: BEAAA11 to access the discount when you checkout!
Otherwise, it won't work!
:
My sleep playlist is basically and Explosions In The Sky: The playlist
too hot for atown
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
haha I was wondering the same thing.
Plenty of open tables
yes!
Long way from reality.
Wow.
Up in the gym rockin out to
PARKS  RECREATION.
So good.
So, so good.
Get on your feet.
Get up and make it happen.
the city is flooded with sluts right now..these bitches don't have anything on me ;
iJst Heard Some Of Yall Stuff.
Dat Went Hard.
Great Job.
Keep It Up.
After seeing bits and pieces of it for years, I finally saw the entire Blues Brothers movie.
Great flick!
i hate being insecure :/
Can't wait!
RT : 30 days until BWENY, y'all.
thank you to Monique, Bebe, Eylsa, Lilly, Calico, Sammie, Rhaina, Emerald,  doctor for coming out to Renegade 2 wash bikes for March of Dimes
My plans for the weekend is to get eaten by a bear, because im gonna steal her fucking baby:Text if you wanna.Comment the pics...
Can't go west anywhere in the city.
270  670 down.
Overturned semi
Warm as the sun dipped in black...
In MEM late Monday, dinner?
or lunch WedFri?
I'm so glad you saw that.
If, as Protestant theology teaches: faith never reflects on itself, but depends completely on God, what then is the use of Evangelism?
very nice
fridaylistens finished Smokin Seventeen by Evanovich  started Caleb's Crossing by Brooks
best damn turkey leg ever :D
Ahahahaha.
My guys should resing one of our Delilah jingles!!!!
are you single
tonight i'm making a photo album for my twoyearold nephew's bday.
:
Nice!
Will have to come see u.
Son loves his doctorms.
Tell the others hello from me.
And get in touch if they can
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Michelangelo
Thank you Robin, we are also very very happy with you!
Erie go bra is enjoying stpaddys day in San Francisco!
Have one tonight to celebrate!
Elite Cake is collecting donations to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
Make a 1 donation at the shop to show you Gave from the Heart!
Welcome to Twitter !
Life changing...
Mommy leaving me today !
A beautiful day for great person.
Hope you have a full day:
I fucking hate hypocrites.
:/
Art of Fielding is terrific: learning, literature, love, coming of age, practicing perseverence,  baseball!
Looks like it's all systems go for Maryland Day  provided there's no deluge of sewage this year.
Meanwhile the whole stayathome mom debate btwn rich/poor is completely irrelevant to women who must work to make ends meet.
the older we get, the better we used to be.
Ha.
Right!
Disorganized sports sounds like what my boys are doing before their mother tells them to go outside!
:
Establishing a brands visual identity requires strict and consistent implementation.
NO EXCEPTIONS!
re.
yoga, check www.gentleyogaforstiffbodies.com she's amazing.
75 years old and does a really personalized class.
Tell all the English boys you meet...
To go to Murray Hill Saturday night and to bring all their friends!
Money aint everything its the only thing
please follow me??3
bitch you come back into my life!
I feel you.
I'm about to do tge very same thing.
here's my secret  leave your phone headset on all the time and people think you are on a call and they usually just walk away
I burnt my clutch for the first time fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk
at least there is one decent bar in slc.
Thank you Alexander, I agree.
I help police officers survive the stress of their jobs.
I think we all have the same problems
Oppa idk what you said but I RTed your tweet.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Hope you had better luck with your paper!
I had to call mine a night and will finish it tomorrow.
:/
I will be walking the runway at ZERIS INN BANQUETS in Mountain Lakes, NJ tonight at 88:30PM.
Stop by if you're in town.!
Great production meeting today with I'm so excited and looking forward to the shooting days!
Bo is already on record that he hates the grad transfer rule.
Question that referenced Wilson specifically was asked of him
well everytime we try to nagging she wants her to come with us so I wrote her a note that said I was tired of making plans
LMHIT IF YOU AT THE HOUSE.
went outside, can't believe how hot it is...
oh well.
Bed has never felt so good.
Waking up tomorrow a different person
iwantyouback I miss you I here it all the time
BELINDA QUICK ROCKS!!
Is it opening day yet?
Let'sgoO's FtheSawx and
I like making peoples days.
You can do it!
Yes you can!
Applause MT Nashville Mayor Karl Dean says we will finally build  not plan, but build Bellevue
Read Benjamin Bannekers letters of correspondence with Thomas Jefferson.
Spurs swept.
Mavericks swept.
Both statements read with very different attitudes.
Hahaha
MB Ogawa: getting kids to favor Ebsco over Google  tough sell.
Tell them Ebsco finds best sources, emails, cites  ebsco loves you!
rT for a chance to win a 25 grocery gift card  follow for healthy recipes  tips for your family!
Come on down to the Star Spangled Banner Flaghouse for some good ol' ice cream!!!
August 1st  2pm5pm...DONT MISS OUT on all the flavors
Tanning time lego 
This changes everything...
RT :RT: Is the wise Chinese philosopher's name from MMQB Donna Chang?
No.Donna Changstein.
Sis!
I'm going to be casting for new DSix series  includes a tour  shooting with RT!
RT!
i need better pictures, ugh :/
I'm so glad it's Thursday.
I've been thinking it's Thursday since Tuesday.
Now is the perfect time to start preparing for your club or after school programs
yeah but what type of production are u doing?
oops...
the server had a hiccup...
Please refresh your players!
Man is not what he wants to be, but what he can not be.
thanks will check it out
So,this random Texted mesaid they were masturbating while smoking a cig.......
Ew.
Winds in the past 48 hrs in N.
CA of Mt.
Diablo are hurricane force.
Crazy stuff when you see Redwood trees shaking like licorice whips.
Chris  doing compensation manually is like nailing JellO to a tree.
Love that
You and I have a different definition of fun facts.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day.
Do you know what's in the back of your refrigerator!?
:
Happy Wednesday ya'll!
Happy Hump day!
Even though it hurts, I'm glad I got burnt today.
we followed them :
7 yrs.
ago today I lost my hero.
Not a single day goes by that I don't think of him and miss him terribly!
Love you, Dad!
Putting all 4 1 seeds in the Final Four on your bracket is not okay.
Worse than declaring yourself a Yankees, Heat, Patriots and Duke fan.
Sometimes i really wander if i over do it say something specially that i like someone on here
UR Hollywood.
Amazing!
Watched Amazing Race tonight and they were in Kerala India.
Very cool!
:
I think you should Aire an open invitation to that sick twisted Adam Mayes to call in on your show, to tell his side of his story
haha what's good ?
Your mixx of weds night was insane
doctorpped the laptop.
The monitor is now rocking tiny green pinstripes and hosting a challenging game of Betcha Can't Read This.
For north central Florida folks, I'll be at the Citrus Library Author Fair in Homosassa at the community center signing from 123pm.
damn.
How long is it now?
Love you and miss you!
I think the doctor would agree with It might result in an SOS.
Bomb squad investigating a suspicious package near S.
Carroll and Wilson Sts., according to Madison police.
Some offices in area evacuated.
Not a fun score to go on break and see.
Amo 'Last Dance' y 'On The Radio'
Forgot hash tag aas3rdcentury for last tweet with program.
i hate when girls be pump faking like you at brett favre
i was in ubud in january.
bali is such a lovely, special place.
enjoy!!
You know it!
Incredible, had to explain the PING hat to my kids...Keep em coming misterClaus.
Thank you, I'll talk to you later!
Most of us up North didn't have the constant wrist updates so I didn't get what the heck you were tweeting about.
He who begins many things finishes but a few.
Italian Proverb
hey man love the SOLO site.
Is that a customized tv elements theme?
really dig it.
Rams in action tonight against Lubbock Christian University.
10 Rams are 20 early in the campaign.
Catch it online at www.ramsports.net
We have a TON of fun Mother's Day gifts lined up, so you can stop stressing out about what to get your mom this year!
The last time the Phils have been this far back BryceHarper was playing TBall...and Hamels was STILL a douche.
Cruzin' with the windows down, singing my lungs out to On my way by on a beautiful Cali day.
elation 
Can't help but watch DBTFTW...
is one funny bitch!
Damn those 140 characters, I trimmed to add my 2 cents.
Nadia maybe gets a bus stop, but not a subway station!
Just SMILE, RELAX, and hold your head high knowing you did ur best!
Have a gr8 day!
You're just a boy toy RT  SirHenry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman
I recommend MartinMann..he makes anything and anyone look great !!!
what a bizzy day.
time to get stoney
You look sweet enough to make a nigga Needa filling
Intro to Balboa starts tonight!
Can't wait for Bal with Val this Saturday!
Nice!
Rock on Herman Cain!
:
where r u
you cute or w.e but o wadd you know my nigga Ant
I love watching Bait Car!
Aww : the family is out of town doctornking a bluemoon and watching
It circumvents their ecosystem, it allows apps to speak to doctorpbox's website, even if you are not a member of doctorpbox
TrueConfessions I'm scared to think of what will happen when my future boyfriend sees my scars...
next person that tells me Joe Flacco sucks and we should get rid of him I'm b slapping in the face
Yup, you start to feel guilty for hating it because you're supposed to love it.
It's gross.
I bet wold have returned despite the rain if no bacon!
Sitting next to the fire
Switched at birth  Glee on tonight
The Maya Xultun number 2448420 represents 129 calendar round periods of 18980 days.
What's your favorite dating or wedding reality show?
What'd you think of Dating in the Dark?
Lmaooo alright, I'll believe it when I see it...
I got you..
: There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book.
Where they belong.
In the land of ignorance with grills and air force 1s RT : Multicolored durags.
I see my name in lights too everyday but my eyes are open looking at photo shop:
I'm obsessed with The Devils Rejects
We Gotta do that again soon!
Good times !I'm surviving!
Lol RT good times!
nothing on my app will load anymore :/ now I gotta tweet through text .
I doctorve now so, be right there!
:D
number holes are obsolete, but memories are much less illegal.
I need some followers because a ton of people decided to unfollow me.
:P
Hearing that Whitney Houston died??????
Through fucking with these bitch ass bitches
haha I'm hungry too!
And I gotta stare at all this food lol
SKO, RLO, RIO are other terms for ILO interactive learning objects.
Awesome!
Well congrats for you both  we are going to have to go out on the town when you guys settle into Cleveland.
it's cool lol.
I'll just have to get up earlier
blink 182  My Chemical Romance on 9/18!
Ltd  20 AllIn tix for lawn.
Tix or the Box Office.
Does the fact that I invert all of my FPS games mean I'm more likely to get Lion's reverse scroll?
jealous!
Have fun!!!
Almost!
Was going to finish it off the other night but was to tired :
AHH yeah im going to try tomorrow morning or tonight :/
we need to govern like a network with a network
New Party...much bettaaa....
No grave could hold the King; His powr no stone could keepHe broke the chains of death with victory!...great song 4 today by
Just tapped Boulder Hazed and Infused doctored Hop Pale.
The bitchassness is starting to go away...Thank goodness
So Jordan's substitute teacher told hi, her grandma didnt believe in germs and she had 5 kids , 3 of them dead from germs...
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens?
A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong
i havent seen it because im afraid to see how it makes iowans look..
Heard its good though
it's kind of fun being on the other side of getting a site to crash because of too much traffic...
sorry winnebago county...
Yesterday wasn't my day, but I'm thankful to have today to complain about it...
:
bye bye Bangkok and Hello Paris
I'm soo good with advice !
I swear I'm like doctor Phil sometimes !
All this knowledge is giving me a raging brainer!
ALERT!
Tickets On Sale Now For TREP's Super 16 Birthday Bash Weekend; June 9th  10th!
SPACE IS LIMITED!
Get your tickets early!
R/T
I'll help if I can too.
yah.
I wonder who these visitors are.
What works for one museum may not work for all
There're great careers at Shift managers near me even make above minimum wage!
Still below 4person poverty, but...
bf is running late for our date.
Because he was STUNG BY A SCORPION.
Now that I know he's okay, I find that totally badass.
Everybody I fuck with is in a relationship except Donald lol
Will be attending the AustinPHP User Group Feb 9.
Will either of you be there and ?
I am in town the 810th
The biggest originator of home loans is based on the West Coast, while the biggest mortgage servicer is based on the East Coast
I can most likely help you with that.
You can contact me  and let me know the quantities you need.
I think replace1Dsongswithfreedom is my favorite trend ever.
Good job !
RT : I don't feel like packing for my 4day weekend trip
me too.
All of this moving and the rainy weather has dampened our lunch dates
i have follow u..so ull gimme 600 other followers??
I know!!
The film is rather expensive but one day I'll buy a pack!
Haha
RT : Hating The Doors  the Grateful Dead is so easy.
Go out on a limb  hate something new.
You might be first at something.
N.County Lunch Food Truck Gathering today 112.
4 TrucksFarmers Market.
I15
Thanks Dynomite!
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses,
half way thru the day scraps realized we did this all last year.
r we gonna have 2 do earth day every year?
must pace myself.
HTML 5 and CSS 3 are making web designers become software engineers.
via
I spoke on women's econ empowerment  5th Annl Intrntl Womens Entrepreneurial Challenge conf hosted by at MetLife today
So the dirty work tour is over, sadly, but that means you have pictures with pat right??!
send them to !
:
Does anyone know of a wedding going on this weekend?
If so let me know ASAP.
Thanks friends.
I like when strangers follow me on makes me feel special :
oooohhh pwettyyy!!
Are those for me???
just heard Jordan say great job on the replays!
And kudos to the whole crew and the ageless one steve Graham
Bubb took me to taco bell:
Lost Dog Tallulah  100 Reward Tallulah the Miniature Pinscher is lost in West Adams, CA.
Dont be caught dead this summer without the latest fashion, style yourself up at city gear with all the new trends especially for the summer
as long as i'm invited to the wedding i really can't hate ha
We had fun bumpin and groovin to you guys last night.
Let's do a gig swap this spring between TN and GA!
I'm not a developer.
Not sure where our ideas got crossed, haha!
I'm a poet and a freelance writer  tech, websites, etc.
Robbie always talks about how you haven't asked for it back and how comfy it is.
Haha
Back from eatmobile and ready for late night!
We open back up at 11pm and will be slingin' the goods until 3am.
Back in a little bit for the second half of our FF and some more Babes of MMA!
Yayyyyyyy happy hour!!
there will prob.
be a porno about this.
So glad we are working together!
Hey!
I just saw your videos on YouTube and I think you have an amazing voice...
umm CORN!!!!!
and Ur favorite veg?
ok : is that English the subject or English the language?
Headed to Geneva, Switzerland tomorrow for a week.
Periphery is such an awesome band
follow back
NP Arnej  They Need Us
Ailes is an ass!
Well, they were REALLY nice windows.
Hello Morning Birds.
It's Free Coffee Friday!
If you haven't tried our 100 Colombian Medium Roasted Blend, I suggest you get going....
Tisk tisk tisk DeMaio...unethical and incorrect editing of Wikipedia content on your page by your office staff...
Support woman for Amtrak thought I said my jello was about five feet tall.
Had to explain what cello is, which was harder than I expected.
It is very unfortunate that I am up this early.
Screw you College of Business.
Screw You.

Just Left From Chilling With MY Bf Friends !
I Love Those Guys ..
Especially ..
that Boy Is Crazi !
A man soon learns how little he knows when a child begins to ask questions.
hot boy at dyouville?!
WHERE!
ah ya know :p same old same old :/
I'm getting awesome looks in Target right now.
Be excited, But don't try to grill She's been sworn to secrecy.
there are like a million del rio's in NY
RT : Stacia Tauscher We worry about what a child will be tomorrow yet we forget that he is someone today.
corndogs are the most underrated foods on the planet.
Those and deviled eggs.
you did AMAZING tonight.
You are so talented!!
Great tribute to a great Man.
Lionel Ritchie
Bout to hop on Street Fighter x Tekken
We have a new promo going on Lunatikclothing.com.
Free shipping thru March 31st!!
Code: freeship.
Check it out.
Plus, new tee contest coming
Baer...Biggest issue is remediation and developmental education.
: im being a dominatrix for Halloween though !!
I thought u were supposed to doctorss up...lol
Hello Scott, we would like to offer you a free environmental screening report code.
Given that you work with CRE :.
S/O WUZ GOOD BRO!!
Need workers compensation insurance for you PEO?
Visit www.risktransferinc.com
I saw it as I was sending it smh
Stage 4 lymphoma!
Stay strong buddy tall get this trending and send your prayers to a 14 year old wrestler with doctorams as well
Showing up with a cold or allergies for an audition with a kissing scene means faking the kiss ...
or landing away from the mouth.
All trauma Stories...my Google news feed...hm....click or not to click?
i am so confused in what u just said
I love Los Angeles so much I wanna make out with it
Q: What is the missing link between the bass and the ape?A: The baritone.
Good night Tweethearts!
It's been a long and productive day.
Keeping people georgeous is hard work, but I love it!
Get your beauty sleep ;
My dog doesn't like A Day To Remember.
I put it on loud and she put her ears back and started crying.................
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
steelers would be dumb to get hightower
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
Grades doctorpped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system.
Need me to doctorp some fresh beats?
el boogie homie.
Ya just ell
did she give your name personally?
Thoughts and prayers with Chardon High School in Ohio.
Just awful.
Every time I hear the man speak, I am reminded of how much I hate the fact that I am from the state that once elected Rick Santorum
your brooklitism is showing
RIP Steve Jobs.
You're your problem and you're also your solution.
Bridesmaids  Megan
Damn this my 10,000th tweet : im comin up in the world lol
Foursquare users: keep a lookout for upcoming discounts when you check into Los Equipales Restaurant

kiroxalevesque very good!
so happy baby!: miss all my friends:/ but so yeah!
im be happy!:
I can't wait for the show tonight!!!
Should be interesting hanging out with David tonight.
m/m/
collins confuses me
many thanks for your support of independent music !
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work.
2 Thessalonians 2:17 Christian rehab offers hope
Oh shit he bout to shoot you
Goodnight amazing peeps
na they don't cause they don't want to see them in the finals
Shout out to for coming thru to Detroit and killin the show like he was right at home!
DETxCHI Midwest Connect!
But I also have like no tolerance when I'm sleepy
hahahahh F U BRO
god damnit, why cant i live in LA
i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat
You go glen coco!
Craving good weather, lawn chair and some sangria.
doctormmed with 26 second graders this morning.
They left realizing they are all artists.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Daizu  Japanese term for doctored soybeans
youwassexyuntil you clipped your toenail, and it hit me in the face
Piña Coladas to celebrate Friday and my 2nd day of Vacation!
of course!
Play a show at wantahg mulchays we go on at 10 come on down for a doctornk.
That's awesome news!
We got a new vacuum that has fascinated enough to volunteer to do all the vacuuming from here on out.
lol!
Happy National High Five Day, DC!
If the cup is only half full, I suggest buying a smaller bra.
What a concept.
I think I broke my penis.
Too much hand to gland combat.
I would die if I don't :' lol
Successful day thrifting  farmer's marketing w.
Great purchases Meish!
cc:
thanks girl I'm glad you liked it!
Who is playing some ball this weekend?
I know I am!
Glad to know there is something called the Dock Ellis Perforated Head Society in this world.
i seem like a bother
cute!
It will grow back quick!
Thank you dear, how sweet of you
S/O to Brittney Griner for representing my old high school.
Baylor stepped up against a nice defensive game plan.
Let's Go HEAT !
doctorving downtown ppl act like they can't get hit
Just like the opera!
RT : Thinking about having running subtitles for all my DJ sets
thanks for the RT  Designers are my favorite people bcs creativity and intelligence, design is intelligence made visible
Have a fabulous Day dahhhlings 3
Bummed that the Yotes lost but still an amazing experience playing at the game, thanks to all the people that came by to check us out!
Thanks!
In Hershey though.
It's going to be warm but doctorzzling.
Hey Wendy I love your show so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle.
ENJOY!!!!!
that's funny
Next upcoming adoption event for Almost Home is FEBRUARY 26 at PET ME PLEASE in Normal HEIGHTS
Sometimes it learns to love
swagswag i think im jerry rice swag BASEDGOD!!
hahahahah
Some lady just walked on the court mid game.
About to go runnin w/ gotta keep my stamina :D
We Support Chris Brown Obviously!
I love you baby!
Italian Ice  My Favorite.
Nick Bruel is giving a shutout to teachers 
oh darling sorry should have reply early!can't to night have fun next time next time!
bad puns in my head is what I do best!
Just discovered the exwife of an exboyfriend started a rumor in the 90's that I died of HIV.
Kinda love it!
By the way ...
if only her delivery is a laughoutloud great piece of writing.
Soo me  my lil one had just a great 4th of July!
Fireworks over the Lakee is So Beautiful.
3 Now its time for bath time then bedtime.
Had octopus today.
Not a fan.
I'm here!
Back row...
It's short seats in here.
:
It is very hard to work on a longterm project with students whom you don't/didn't teach.
Sometimes null researcher effect is no good thing
When you have no words, why not stop and be silent?
There's beauty in the quiet.
God often speaks in a whisper.
We earn our sleep!
Phillip and Colton:
Happy New Year, New Mexico!
2012 could be the start of something wonderful.
:
I'm in...but not for the home budget nosebleed I gave last month
Come on Philly..It shouldnt be that hard to score against the DeadSkins...they did let the Rams beat them...
Keep meaning to read that book...
right doe people hating on them smh
Good leaders hire the impressive: GREAT leaders hire the inspired!
I'm not perfect, but I promise I'm worth it...
I don't attend church to get recharged; I attend church to discharge praise to the Lord because I'm over flowing with love and gratitude.
I love Teavana's Youthberry tea ..
it's tasty.
Every guy has been talking about this game on my TL!
Talk about something else plzzzzz!
Voter 212 at Precinct 29 in Mecklenburg.
125 absentee/early votes already in the house.

is now following you on Twitter!
So proud of myself right now
Neal came highly recommended from a family member for the purchase of my new vehicle.
I let him know what my specifications were...
What's going on in the Autzen lot?
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Glad i can tweet via texting now.
Makes my life so much easier.
I don't want the whole world the sun and moon and all their light
Continued employment is sufficient consideration for a noncompete in CO.
another audition...
FINALLY CelebrityApprentice time.
Boot camp this morning was great!
Is everybody this evening going to bring it so that we can match the great energy from the morning?
I thought that coined the term FOMO, from which he frequently suffers, although it turns out has it on lock.
Hey , save me some time and just have consloe.log, cnosole.log, and console.log all do the same thing, please?
Black beans are full of magnesiumhelps to relax your muscles.
ok then wat was the fuckin point in even tweetn me...
Bye Mf'r
the UES misses you as well
LOL.
Kim Kardashian got pelted with flour on the red carpet!
hop up in my space ship, leave earth MF I'm gone
Make Your Small Business Influencer Nominations Now!
Nominations for the second annual Small Business Influencer awards are now being acc
welcome to Kc Poe ready to do big things this season!
Oh, nice!
I'll be visiting my friend in SD, so I'll have to ask her more about that.
S/O to the honeys getting money playing niggas like dummies
back to Indy today.
Mac Miller tomorrow night.
what a wonderful view you have :
lol, it's better to be honest
Tracy Manning, Housing Bureau director, refers to Sara in video.
HB committed to reducing disparities w/partners  other bureaus.
Building a Net Zero House Concept Z  Through energy savings the owner will end up getting a free house!
Kellin Quinn AND Danny Worsnop on the new Memphis May Fire album?!
I might just cream in my little girl panties!
God Bless the weekend, finally getting back in the studio this weekend!
Y do black ppl always gota make a scene ?
Like clam the hell down.....smh
Phil u hung n there 4ever w few chps where most give up.
Shows ur character.
Evr find out if ur NL rvr betfld vs Lamb correct?
Hey hyperlib  transtech students..CONGRATS!
And hugs from Portland, Maine!
Hey who can i follow to get TONS of followers???
HELP PLEASE!
wait you're a dipshit slut???
Hahahahaha sweet
Constantly remind others that you are the smartest person in the room and you won't be.
Great!
so happy to hear this,  I do know how wonderful it is to get back to a workout, post injury.
yay :
We are so glad Mark was able to help.
We are always interested in feedback  strive to ensure our customers are taken care of.
To those who wish to silence us for our questions...
WeWillNotBeSilent WeWillNotStop WeWillBeVictorious and
At micheals !!!
Bout to get chicken parm!!!!!
HappyBirthdayKurtCobain and HappyBirthdayRihanna  their music couldn't be more different.
There's thieves among us painting the walls with all kinds of lies...
::she  him::thieves::
working today on green projects, adventure travel, and music and really looking forward to music session with Chris Decato tomorrow night.
I want to go to costa rica so bad doe
RT : I just need you now.
One of my hardest finals: done.
And I actually think I may have aced it.
I WANNA BE LOVED BY YOÜ !!
:3
hahah.
I randomly hopped on your myspace.
3333333 the song.
I 3333333333333 Se7en.
x.x;;
I wish my love life was as cute as the ones on tumblr
OH: You've seen my goin out boots...
you ain't seen my COWBOY boots!
Who's excited for All You Can Eat Wings tonight?
M...wings...
plays tonight at 10pm exactly.
Free show.
Come out and vote them to Bonnaroo!
Everything tastes better with butter.
Respect the grind.
If your childoctorn are up running up and down the damn stairs you're failing as a parent
i been waiting for a tweet forever now !
Today in 1989, The Look was a hit.
lol!
Thanks man!!
If you want my main.
DM me.
Bacc to where i started!!!
And for once its a good thing!
U Can Have It Your Way Your Tha Customer
TGIFridays at Miller Park Stadium for lunch!
Only I would confuse the stop bank for emBANKment and get on the wrong tube, even though I knew it was wrong!
Tales of the
happy birthday madi!
hope you have an awesome year!
god bless u.
: keep smiling!
My business is actually legal.
Ever since I started listening to Im richer, got more girls my piece grew an inch AND im focussed man!
Wright is the guy hiding behind his wife telling her to stop holding him back.
It's a show!
He's afraid of KRod retribution!
Thanks a lot!
: I'm glad you like it.
Feel free to tell your friends haha
oh!
I Wouldn't have lived in a hotel If I could have moved my home this Way.
1 Most Hated Job  IT Director?
Open to comments...I think most of my friends/clients might not agree.
What do you think?
I need a runner's high right now!
Make a wish
we about too get back in the gym real soon....when y'all take eoct
How could I steal from a person I get money with?
I guess I been stealing from her then.
Did some networking and promotion 2 nite and things are looking good for the summer
Thanks for leadership on LRA.
Please follow through and stop Konys crimes this year
Summer weather in Portland: leisurely enjoy quality art and eats in the Pearl District this weekend, and include Gallery 114!
Even though your love 4 me isn't sincere, mine is 4 U my Dear.
Happy Birthday RavenSymone.
There was an old lady behind me in the starbucks doctorve thru blasting some techno Shes badass:
Why didnt anyone tell me had high life pounders for 2 bucks?
Terrific!
Try boulderhomerepair and boulder instead!
Check our Wiki for instructions!
YAY!
i'm interning there right now.
we are putting on a festival called Culture Shock at Purchase in NY!
Being gay is natural  hating gay is a lifestyle choice.
John Fugelsang on CNNRT via
We love us some Pat Burrell!
Boy, I tell you, the religious sector ain't looking too bright these days.
This is just sad.
follow me on instragram
I just need to know you care
You bet.
Fond memories from our early days in radio in Boston.
I'm leaving for skiing tomorrow morning, taking a 5 hour doctorve to the dells.
Not too sure if I'll snowboarding just because my ankle hurts.
cant wait!
I KNO WHERE U LIVE!!!!!!
I'LL COME TO UR CRIB N PUT FINGER PRINTS ON UR WALLS!!!!!
The truly free and enlightened individual doesnt require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
mine too!
does this mean were related?
Don't ruin today by worrying about yesterdays problems.3
The US version of the Guardian online doctorves me nuts; I don't seek out the Guardian to read about American football!
Thanks ...
glad you're enjoying it!!
Aw shit, soo much stuff to do.
:'/
Nice to meet you Kg, this is MM.
Bawhahahahahaha
Slings a frosty brew Take one of my beers and let's slog out of this together!
Sensing tomorrow will be awesome!
We hope to direct you to many a wonderful happy hour!
B sure to use the app 4 early mornin eats and late night treats as well!
i would if i new what a ff was cuz i'm new to this twitter stuff
How do we create difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
: Thanks this is a good way to spend my saturday night.
I'm really into flat tops.
lol...is hoops good tho?
Mecca,Columbia,walker wear,Wu tang gear, Maurice Malone, Timbo's with the camouflage hats 1997 gear
Ibaka's block of Jason Terry in the 2nd quarter is totally a SCtop10 nominee.
Should've been NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
Cheers buddy, I'm like a fine wine which just improves with age.
San Francisco was awesome.
Hope to see you soon buddy.
California road trip part 2: Yosemite.
Going rogue with nature for a few days.
Toe is purple and still painful.
Taped it up but walking hurts.
At least this happened over break so I can take it easy.
hahahahha I did not start this one...i may have started Kristen's in my early arson years of a mere 2nd grade...
FUN FACT: March is National Nutrition Month.
Eat right!
Stay Healthy!
strawberry milkshake and fries animal style is where it's at!!;
So ready for the RTF show tonight.
I got a great seat.
Anybody else going?
Sorry just saw this reply  the TiqIQ tweets are automatically sent by their company.
I didn't even notice!!
love it
I can't believe Huff isn't starting.
Coke's Polar Bears are THE WORST.
Completely uninteresting and a brand asset of the past.
They are less annoying GEICO Cavemen
Learn Chinese for the day:  stomach
Man lol I texted yo old number and this man cussed me out :/
dh2010 Thanks to all who came to Specimen Case/Garden!
I was sorry about the no wifi.
Would have liked the feedback from Twitter.
give ya 20 if you can get one of them to make and hold up a sign targeting ME!
attended a networking event on Wednesday: HR Whine and Dine.
Met some very nice people.
Glad you had a good time!!!
Started a new class today.
Currently we are learning how to use blackboard...
that explains a lot..
where and when is that unsigned JUCO showcase?
I have some guys that need to come.
we'll call this bitter person Julie.
Julie is so bitter that she's been spreading crap about the new person before she even started.
mortgagenews What s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : October 31, 2011 Mortgage markets moved across a wide range last we
sailing w the cap'n again!
soo many mixed feelings that it's screwing up my sleep;
QoD: Being a mnwild fan, it's easy This year.
It works for every season!
WE LOVE YOU 3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABBIIEEEEE : I LOVE YOU MORE THAN YOU COULD EVER KNOW.
ps I hope you loved al your gifts!
3
cool thanks for reminding me OOPS
My most awesome girlfriend just got tickets to coachella 2013!!
Wait: And why doesn't he have Bugs Bunny?
Whoever said work isn't worth it has never felt the joy of success.
This women have gone crazy
Checking on u Bossman!
We need 2 catch up!
We're doing a creative discussion wit Bert frm The Bert Show next Thur u shld come
Enjoyed polanski's carnage.
Great characters and amazing dialogue.
Was left wanting for more at the end.
At the SMILE, HON: WASTE release party: SARAH JANE MILLER marvels at the places you'll poo...
Congrats also to honorable mentions ...
if i were a vampire, i'd sparkle just enough to lower your guard, then i'd FUCK YOU UP!
Beware, !
I have to pee so bad now ; toolazy..
and I think I woke my gram up by squealing really loudly every time I replayed Harry's thrust'x
I imagine You're all trash!
is followed by three quick snaps!
I gotta lotta work to do.
Which is more exciting than daunting when you're doing it for yourself.
So many good movies on right now!
I'm telling you Bill Hall was a great pickup for the O's.
Veteran with versatility.
With all these injuries he's gonna be crucial.
HEY You actually SUCK.
Apparently my card was COMPROMISED and they didn't even tell me!!!
Canceling my account ASAP.
Reports of THUNDERSNOW in far west end of Richmond!!
Very rare event for anywhere in the country
I'm studying but it's obviously not going well...specially cause the book is closed.
LOL
Been missing out on sleep.
Too nice outside.
But tired.
So tired.
hans is so photogenic!
Spent the morning preparing my Limited Edition Sketchbook for the next stage.
Working with printed book pages for an interesting effect.
NyQuil time then night night 
Our prayers go to the people who had encountered tragedies in Indianapolis, Indiana at the Indiana State Fair tonight.
YEAAhhhhhh buddy!
This is the year to get it done
To all you judgmental ppl...
you don't know my life PERIOD
Let me check...but we try to really keep the site up to date
Any word on why our Sunday game ended?
I just got a phone call that said /Hoops No explanation or anything.
My only complaint about SNL is that they need to be more original.
Good job you made me laugh.
Just had a conversation with very talented girl from Dubai one of the most talented singers I've heard and that was just Over an app
Starting round 11!
I work out with my fiancée.
Really motivating!
So today was my last day of school, such a bittersweet feeling right now.
going to games stop with my mom today

if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb.
Lost laptop plug.
If I wrote a selfhelp book, it would be titled How To Ruin Your Life Without Even Trying: 7 Easy Steps.
No teachers hear today.....Students are all out of order...
I was having Blair Witch Project flash backs, but it is starting to look a bit better now.
Thanks!
Omg you heard it , I missed it!
:
Dear students, don't send me a LinkedIn request with no context.
If we've never met, at least tell me why you want to connect.
I Feel Like A Loser  I Just Now Started Usingg My Twitter .
Lolololololol
Sign on church lawn: Google can't satisfy every search.
when are you coming back???
Miss u
I thought you were going to make a video of yourself opening all the mail you've received from your fans?
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Robert Collier
You should leave the gym feeling invigorated rather than obliterated.
MindFirstFitness
Janet Jackson skinny as hell.
Y'all seen the commercial
Oh ya btw waZ up peeps
Bulls in 5, Evan Turner is a jagoff
lol it was online
Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around.
Anna Quindlen
Worked hard all day and finally finished
why not you can go with youe friends
My thoughts and prayers go out to all in Japan.
Blessed  Sat night worship w/both sons  families, God  Satan both vote for u, u cast deciding vote.
It's a fun read; RT Leisure reading, says the bartender at of his 34page spirits list.
Let the games begin.
Threedom is on NYC Jazz Record BEST OF 2011 list.
Ditto here.
RT : If Andy Warhol had a twitter...I would follow him.
What a storm O.O
couldn't stop by for 5 min!
:
Happy 200ths birthday, Charles Dickens; my daughter's reading Bleak House...think I'll join her; lots to learn from the master
primary witness to pentagon hit was none other than jeff gannon's boss, I forget his name.
coincidenceNr03629.
9/11
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER FIFTEEN CENTS,WHAT HAPPEN TO THE DOLLAR
Did you send in your vote by mail Application?
Only 13 days left to request Votebymail dealine May 29th.
Welcome to the Radiant family!
Everybody is mad about the hesitation with FB today.
I think a lot of money was lost because humans could not keep up with trades.
Tell yah the truth I'm sick of being single
Having fun having fun is love.
Keep spreading it!
im seriously trying...its like sometimes i love her but then i dont!..im so weird..Lol
yeahh I know.
Anyways, congrats on all your track accomplishments!
That's awesome!
Keep it up.
See ya buddy
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 28
Great boat and great slip too!
I want one!
That's Crazy!
I Don't Normally Be Single For Christmas  New Years.
Oh Well.
Lmao.
Guess It's Still Doing Me Time.
Aha!
hey im in your bio, that's cuttee ;
Guess what?
We are also on FB.
Come join the fun there facebook.com/CottonwoodMall
I really like your Twitter avatar!
I feel like I got hit by the schmedia bus.
Need a vacation!
Did see latest Harry Potter last night, though.
Stayed awake throughout!
You ruined my night.
itz not raining then its doctorzzling
lololol.
Remind me?
Hi.
My day isn't complete without a grande bold..or two.
Kitchen stacked with your kcups  via.
A followback would be awesome.
my boss just offered to pay my cell phone if I switched to Verizon..
so..
should I stick with the iphone or should I get something else?
You don't need a parachute to skydive.
You need a parachute to skydive twice.
not sure man, we don't have anything in the works yet.
just writing away.
almost finished!
Whatever you do, just realize the consequences behind it.
thanks for the follow Debbie look forward tho hearing your music!
you kno what I take that back my ass ain't got a/c in my car
ur awesome on guycode  ijustwantmypantsback hope to interview you in the near future.
I'd hate to think what incognito mode does then...
RT : Every time you clear your cookies an angel dies.
positive pennstate RT : All proceeds from A Memorial For Joe DVD sales to benefit Special Olympics Pennsylvania
Absolutely brilliant.
Thanks.
M
What would make this rainy day even better?
Half price apps  Parish of course!
5:306:30 pm.
Joes Bacon and Beets anyone?
Yumm
I know!
I didn't watch this season to be depressed..It's a dancing show!
Less crying, more Donald.
Ok lol FridayNightHeat RT : My TL is full of people who want some sexual healing o.O  throws holy water 
RT : You all should really be watching 'Private Practice'.
It's a good one!
That's what a DVR is for!
Thanks Jodi.
Appreciate the kinds words and RT.
Have a fantastic day!
I'm going nuts.
But it's good to miss something, then get it back.
New appreciation.
Mayor Stephanie RawlingsBlake has joined us on site for the Women Build!
Quiet Storm kinda night
The butterflies are all over my garden...
could it be?
Is spring FINALLY come to DC?
Agreed you and ur lady quilter r way cool!
want to see something funny go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one there
it's true!
Makeup on the cast of Glee!!!!
Singing Stevie Nicks in our chairs!!!
Love it.
Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.
Jacques Barzun
Good moring, what are you doing today ?
:
RT another thing to add to my list of Egyptians being 1st : The Egyptians were the first to begin baking bread around 2600 B.C.
yay, My cheek doesn't hurt that bad anymore, and I can put makeup over my bruise!
:D
WORLDSm/
Mergggg why won't you notice me???
so what happened with the groundhog?
are we in store for warm weather...
it already feels like it...
Just watched Sex and The City two and it was hilarious!
Haha I love
Lol I believe u : Bro
ima be n a bad mood today..
well I'm gonna try 2 go 2 bed.
Night :
Um.
What about ME RT : Is it bad I'm mostly excited about living in Atlanta this summer because I'll be close to Taco Mac again?
Follow my cousin trialovinliyah she will f/b
Oh, pshaw.
You do not.
Hi Bob.// Hello!
Great News!
Announcing the group BLUE MAGIC, will be performing for our Annual event, May 1st!!!!!
I was craving pizza from pizza hut and when I hate it....
It didn't taste what I expected...
Lol
Indeed it is so.
16 x 26 Starclassic in Red Sparkle Fade.
Also a 9 x 12 and a 16 x 16.
Bonham much?
hill repeats make me tired
keep up the amazing work.
FrozenPlanet is a masterpiece!
That Hellie Pad theme music rocks
shut up about prom jk
when I see you I'm gonna go make you talk to random people again hahaha
Just fine!
Started working out again and power lifting, next time we see each other I'll bring the carpet.
LOL!
How is N.Y.?
Teacher Librarians are VITAL in helping teachers and students learn and use technology.
When tries to pump the crowd up, he almost always points at us in 411.
misterPerry, one question and only one: why does the Jesus Baby hate you?
WOW......
...Jessica Sanchez sounds AMAZING!!!!
Thank you.
Hey u definitely are misterVIP VEGAS.
Visiting Vegas hit RW up, he's truly the best with people an knows everyone!
Keep your friends close and your enemies fat.
What is this fraggin' migraine teaching me now?
Coffee.
Cream and Splenda please.
Thanks.
morning.
Reading your tweets :P
Thanks for the mention!
We have a mutual friend  Julie Shoerke!
.
I may have to do that.
Care if I bring the Jiminator?
:
Maybe we can meet up halfway sometime.
since 1940 your team hs won one Cup, let's not get crazy here
Dallas just got one and I have been dying to try it!
Spending the day resting, editing photos, and watching indie/foreign films.
What a PERFECT day for a rally on the mall
Just asked my mom if she can take me to new York to see Austin.
She said to tell her when and she would talk to my dad fiwjsbrhqhzjs333
We missed u at the fray show last night bud!!!!
Gotta get up to Nashville and have a Jane sess, me u and Bmack!
omg!!
You've grown since we've last talked!!!!!!!
Has it really been 97 days????
:
: Franchisetying 32nd win tonight!
Yes.
We.
Did.
MoreWorkToDo We go for the record 33 on Friday night at 7:30pm!!
is so Smexxiiye Lml ; well he is
I HATE SLEEPING ALONE.!!!
I GUESS IT GOTA BE LIKE THT SOMETIMES!
I'm glad that you choose me to be your promoter I will do everything I can to make your time in Vegas remember able thank you
we might attack Gertrude tomorrow.
You know what's a shame..when you sit down and your theighs squish out to twice their size!!
: 
I'm living on another level.
One day I'm up in Heaven and the next I'm with the Devil.
wasn't it awesome?!
Lunch with Ma
AVENGERS WAS FRICKIN FANTASTIC!!!
THANK YOU HOLLYWOOD!!!
Getting ready to hit the road.
In order to remember the set of standards that others wanted me to live my life by...
I wrote them down in chalk on the sidewalk...
FMHY 3
Yes you should come to tonight!
We've got BORIS on the decks!
hahahah it did !!
Lol i kid.
I kid.
I'm just not really into it tonight.
Too much bad Royals karma and a less than enthusiastic training event at work.
Happy birthday God bless!!
So.
This whole second episode of The Walking Dead is boring.
Hell On Wheels looks good though.
Success is a true character builder, failure is a true character revealer.
The whale special is on again this morning!
It's so crazy beautiful work can wait a little longer...
Ahh no it'll be on again later...
Well on our way to making SD a deeper shade of blue with our endorsements of  Lightner.
Thanks Barbara you too!
enjoyed the HealthITJam chat.
Looking forward to the next one when I'll hopefully be on my laptop!
do you wanna text?
Lol
Hopefully today goes fast
We still have a chance to get his John Hancock!
RT : Uh oh.
Gardner had a setback last night.
Headed for mister again.
And Alexis loves me more than Amanda.
Eating right is the Key to A Good Healthy Life
Israel and United States wants to Attack Iran and Syria because not because of Nuclear Energy because of the Oil and Controlling the Region
We now offer a package of 3 Brazilian Blowouts for 500!!!
That is an incredible savings!
the way it's looking right now idk whats going to happen
Just heard Emmanuel Jal speak.
Former child soldier.
Hip hop artist.
Poet.
Activist.
Genius.
Walking alarm clock  we gotta wake up.
I wish the sun didn't damage skin so much...I love me some vitamin d!
I know.
Crazy how that worked out.
its too late for me lol RT : If u intend on becoming wise don't let ur tongue get more usage than ur brain
watta bout wit me
Last final: crash an event I was not invited to and write a page about it.
Any suggestions??
yeah after taking all that he wins of course
Great finds today!!
:
Nap felt too bomb
I'm glad you ACTUALLY did ig gives people hope you know in a certain way
I was hoping to see a sexy Gambit....
You can always put a smile on my face no matter what.
Ok Teague....your shot limit is up for the 1st half.
doctorve and dish.
Thats was upRT : WONDER TWEET POWERS ACTIVATE!!!
Just had awsome sushi with Tracy, Amanda, and Preston its been a great day :D
Hey chicago fans!
Check your email, sent out the meet and greet emails.
Thanks for the feedback and thanks for using ARC!
I'm there, is Yami attending via skype?
can I ask what is faded
1 girl told me she luv to let her pussy breath a lot lbvs
UO professorssor and author Lauren Kessler will lead a oneday workshop on Narrative Journalism May 8 in Portland.
turnbullcenter.uoregon.edu
I'm sick of data considered as a plural word.
The data are...
sounds funny and when talk about data, we are talking about datasets anyway.
Reading a passage from the satanic bible before eating.
Blue Olives at the Capital Brewery tonight, 6pm!
Ha!
yeahh right.
McCain: We've got to restore the economy with...
the economy.
CAMS looks like round 2 might start...
break of .0006 is key IMO
Cmon Jerry Hairston!
We used to be friends!
Be nice!
You think I should wear a V neck?
I know she really is, that's why I consider myself lucky to have her :p
Heading into competition for mister.
United States tomorrow and I'm READY!!!
Let's do this Nevada!
Put your head on the chopping block stick to your commitment by telling everyone your goals and deadlines.
Bedoctors Keuilian
Follow Me Please!?
57
Finally back at school  i havent been here in like 2 weeks, blahh, too early as well .
No doubt we in your corner.
Head out to a Mustangs game!
has his mind on his money and a puppy on his feet, the first is elusive but the latter is sweet.
You could always come hear me sing on April 28th!
;
No students is engaged if they are sitting raising their hand during independent work time Randy Sprick 
Rain streams off the roof, doctorpping, tapping, and rapping, Splashing my window.
Old style hippies follow one way.
New evolved Hippies are burners.
:
agreed, and i'll get a FuelBand when it tracks run data.
Nike is smart giving Fuelbands to big names like and
Man....I'm ready to lock myself a padded room and crank out this
Had a few auditions this week at the larger audition facilities and they were deserted.
Spooky.
I'm just going to wallow in my sickness.
I hate the mucus in my throat, worst taste ever!
good news.
Thanks for your patience.
See you in Houston!
You're sick in the head.
get better!
Now I get it through the univ.
but used to have BC/BS  and it worked out the same no matter what premium/deductible comb.
Country strong3
Good shabbas, baby.
RT Sang my first synagogue gig ever tonight and kind of liked it.
Oh, you're not like other girls?
Please, say more things other girls say.
I'm so hungry :
; ok good, hope you're having a wonderful day jennifer!
oh yeah and knee high socks with short booty shorts!!!
heck yeah
No no no no : Why must i be getting sick right now!?
:
wish you you were too.
Next time.
sounds pretty cool, im downloading some of their music ASAP lol
having your best friend be your date.
RT : Third time.
This shuttle is the biggest attention whore.
Look at me, I'm riding on a plane!
it seems its stirring up a lot of controversy!
The mad hatter is mad y'all.
then isn't that good?
chile, i know.
i have all kinds of filters for other things.
it's not worth it for one day.
lol.
lol no I don't want to watch it I see it enough on my TL .
WHAT THE HELL
Happy birthday ma : LOVERBOI RT : Happy Birthday To Mee
Proper Preparations Prevents Poor Performance.
that's what Ace always tell me.
B.
After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.
I was kinda pumped when you RT'd me on Friday!
Does that make me a dork?
:
: Thxs 4 all the love SA FANS Glad you're coming to the Spurs, T.J.!
Back home to Texas
You can't cross the sea by merely standing and staring at the water.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
NJoying dinner Pigskin Club Awards Dinner DC Youth Rock!
Thymoquinone is proving to be a total game changer for everything from inflammatory disorders to cancer  I FUCKING LOVE THESE NEW SHOES!
I am thinking that new song Funny the Way It Is might possibly be up in their top 5 best, maybe top 3.
Watching The Ring.
How did I miss this creepfest and its nifty glowy green filter?
I CANT ERASE MY TWITTER JUST ERASE THE THE BOOZE SHARE THAT POWER JUST NOT THAT MONEY I DONT NEED DON COMMITTEE
Happy hour?
Thursday?
Dang!
I'm in DC all week.
Louisville Cardinals to the Elite Eight!
You all keep saying we can't, and we just keep shocking y'all!
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
Strawberry fields forever
Summer is slow, w/ the occasional flurry of dozens of summer camp kids at once.
A great time to doctorp in for an inadvertantly private tour.
RT : Hilarious that so many lost in translation misunderstandings seem to be between the Americans and the Brits!
excuses hahahah kidding
thank u!!
Rape that FOLLOW button and follow me!
I need 100
Check out JJ Grey and Mofro's song Ybor City!
OBAMA's GSA and SECRET SERVICE jobs are MOST DESIRED among men aged 13 through 85 : 
congrats on your win last night.
Did they do a review of your play at second?
Pretty certain you were Safe!
First good corner...
i need to practice my sax...
LoL!
Welp on that note, morning Bevy!!
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet The Ratchet List
me either i think this amber girl is jus trying to get noticed by alex
Merry Christmas everyone!
all printed out
god is fantastic.
Good work by the Trib.
It is absolutely correct.
It's a great city not only to start out by to reinvent yourself.
doctorving behind a Mustang on the way to work.
Interesting turn signal.
I had no idea that Cylons were really among us.
putting this Shuggie Otis sample to work.
Alright..
I'm out..
Good night..
:

never want this day to reoccur again.
Played any good competitive games of butt darts lately?
and now I'm obsessed with Game of Thrones.
Well that sucked so u cry and u get tens damn
I am celebrating the fact that I don't have any kids going to school in Clayton County!
What a Soap Opera!
Hoes think STD means, suck that dick .
I mean ive never been the one to hate on anybody like that, there is no reason to.
Welcome !!!
Could not be happier tonight!!!
can we watch bruno sometime in the near future?
Thanks, Kelvin!
i would've gotten you the shack for first meal back, lt
I would still sleep all the time though!
Ugh.
SLEEP IS WONDERFUL, SYDNEY.
just noticed you ARE N1 on keek, so proud!3
SHT I'm so fcking mad right now!!!!!!,
I use to follow everyone i know but now im unfollowing all the odd people.
nowreading  obsessed w/ Art of Engagement: Visual Politics in California and Beyond by Peter Selz.
Great flow  just packed w/ artists.
I am so awkward!
The box office tenant tells me to enjoy my movie....I say thanks, you too!
Hi stranger.
Don't worry even if I go that weekend, I'll come back!
Her hair down  im down her phone off so DONT DIAL
Thanks for sharing!
great photo!
:
On the road to Sheltonia!!
still doing homework since I got home.
U should do it for me
I make the TiVo noises for FF and RW every single time.
can't wait to see you in head to toe cortnal gear!!!
My vacation is officially over and my weekend was super fun!!!
Had a great time with
Louisville/Indiana fans: no one will ever investigate your recruits.
NCAA only investigates top players.
for lunch to cure those
Hate when I get a great idea for a book to write  then google  find others have already done it.
Hmm...
that i look gross?
Lol
What's sad is he don't see what he's doing to me and he don't care I'm done and leavein forever
You turned your back on tomorrow, because you forgot yesterday.
rewriting a social compact reflecting our highest aspirations has been done before, and can be done again.
Diana Aviv
RT : RT : RT : So many hard choices at heartcamp  I want to hear everyone!
behind 4mister.....its never been done before Lololol
Love your style!
RT Thanks for the follow!
I disagree sorry!!
: Shut up!
You're the only delusional here!!!
Son was out of sorts, needed day at home.
Would have 2 say we did nothing 4 mom's day, but still wonderful day w/ son and hubs.
Cinco de mayo just made my list of things that can go get fucked.
FORECLOSURES ARE DOWN IN THIS COUNTRY.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY REAL ESTATE AT THE LOWEST PRICE.
NEXT YEAR, PRICES WILL BE UP BY 30 PERCENT
Thank you!
my brothers!
I've been so out of touch!
Happy Thursday to you both.
makemiracleshappen today!
Packers trade up!
This is crazy!!!
Last time Green Bay traded up to NE?
became a packer...
it's agitating 
Hard working insomniac with hiking addiction meets goth vegetarian living under a punk rock.
Me
Bones Fans ...Tune in.
Booth son Parker is on Tonights episode of CSI Miami!!
I like it, it's good.
It's missing...
Something.
Boobs.
Throw some boobs in there.
HBO
TheReasoniWillSucceed is because I don't care what other people think or say
Lookin at my baby sleepin like a baby.
yea i took that into consideration then looked at his stats an said im guarantees 30 homers who would u have picked 1?
The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012!
Let's GO!
on NBC Lice Miami in 1 hour!
ALERT: Fonts HD will launch its very first font auction on eBay beginning this evening at 8 pm EST.
Auction will run for 5 days.
shut up coon
The lady at the ticket booth said what time would you like it?
In a sexy voice  I hella started laughing xD
Come On People Lets Trend It!
PrayForNorway!!!
I miss my girl.
I really do..
It feels like I'm falling apart not being around her..
But ima make sure she gets an I love you everyday..
Got checked out today.
UnderTheWeather :
Thank you One Direction and for accompanying me at work
So, no French 3 for me this year.
Can't fit it in :/
Cream Lounge Tonight!
Get Wired Industry Priced doctornks!
EVERY1 FREE ALLNITE!
TEXT 602.561.9649 for Bottles!!
when r u going to know for sure
I know a lot of people are upset that Sherri Shepherd got voted off but I am glad b/c she got extra help ahead of time.
Karma.
S/O to everyone who joined the at on Friday!
This weekend introduces !
I thought that was vague enough to not be spoilery!
Looking for property management companies to network with in Houston, Katy, Sugar Land, and Kingwood.
revenge!
so addicting
Now it's time for Young Adult 
Changes by 2Pac
Congrats to Massa  the UNO Mavs on the shutout.
A little late on my part...
damn internship!
Tell Golic that Shrek called and wants his face back.
Ah, mention of renters, but renters implied to not care about community or crime in comparison with homeowners.
So where are all these blind shutins to whom everyone on Facebook is excitedly describing the northeast weather today?
Me as well!
haha it would :
You brought this upon yourself...
Should have never brought the buckeyes into it
I used to not have a problem with my mom until lately, idk if one of us has changed, but as I care less she cares more.
Every other knowledge is harmful to him who does not have knowledge of goodness.
Michel de Montaigne
RT : Girls have the stupidest conversations.
No wonder guys zone out when we're talking
need a friend right now.
but i feel like they wouldnt understand me at all.
I'll pass that along to him.
Thanks!
LOL!
It's for
dailykos up to their usual high level work w/fakeBobEhrilch twitter account.
I smell fear.
Maybe the interns shouldn't handle the tweets
Just saw a turtle on the side of the road...
Scared me to death..
It's gonna be first come first serve on this first run.
We'll send out notices!
P.s.
I left my purple ballpoint pen on the stage.
If your group goes up next could you please get it?
Why do people follow you and then unfollow you a few days later if you haven't followed back?
Is a stupid number THAT important to you?
Hello summer
Overheard while playing Honey if you love me, you'll smile: You're thinking about dead babies, aren't you?
Ok sorry
SO excited for dinner tonight at CityGrit!
It will be my first taste of cooking from , heard nothing but great things!
RT Is Onlive Pirating Windows and Will It Cost Them?: An anonymous reader writes When Onlive, the network gaming c......
Someone tell malyah im on fya she should work tonight!
Thanks for the follow, GhouL H.
CLoWnie!
I love clowns and love doctorms...
we'll get along fine.
there is free parking!
you should see signage hopefully  this is sponsored by
Vikings have a bad case of fumbleitis!
Seems to be incurable!
You should learn to take a joke as easily as you take a dick, you whore
is THE man!!
you could rock Pocahontas, I'd buy it.
Mad props to the waitress who kept a totally straight face waiting on 2 crazy kids in snuggies.
: At the president's opening session on archaeology in the media...what kind of information goes into a SAA77 press pack, I wonder?
we'll put up a video :
Weird feeling to walk down the street in a strange city and run into people you know.
Rather spend it all while I breath in it and that OVOXO is all the fuck we believe in.
Groupon a Gift Certificate?
If so, they could be violating expiration date laws
What's your involvement with this book?
Are there pictures inside?
I'm flattered...would love too!
Does austin really have a gf?
Join us tonight at 8:30 for Rob the Wild Boar Moore!
caleb is walking around with my phone saying, hello, anna, yes, anna.
lol.
Thank you for supporting and helping raise awareness about the coworking revolution!
Which hurts more.
Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
I'll play you
just because i think about you dosent mean i want you back.
: What u walk away from determines what u walk in2 dontsettle
thanks for mentioning my post.best Ilona
sorry dude..
Thank you!
Really though, where do the girls doctorssed in nothing doctorw the line with their costume choices tonight?
These people are significantly weirder than I originally perceived.
RT : So I'm super excited about meeting some of the team at this summer!
yea it dose lol
like that idea!!!!
Lmao Funny shit I need a dose of fuck it
Fuck I just ran out of beer, Time to make an LIQ run.
TO THE CLOUD!!!
that number sounds arbitrary and not true.
I was glad to meet you, and sorry I didn't get to brag of my own longdistant background curating a special collection!
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES!
WERE ONE BIG FAMILY AND NO ONE WILL EVER CHANGE THAT!
We love you!!3 :
Who wouldn't want to lower monthly expenses?
This is just one of the many benefits of Volly.
AMS 5058993104
RT : You Play Ball Like A Giiirrrrl!!
Ham Porter TheSandlot b there 2morrow it's finna b a good night!
Even on days when we can't do a full workout, we do something.
Today, we did 1 superset of pushups, dips, and planks, 3x15ea.
Felt great!
Your answer wants to switch focusdoes not put down the facts we presented you with about solar energy.
Took a late lunch so I could catch some of the season opener of redsox vs tigers.
15 mins in get a hair on fire email from a client.
Sigh.
:: WI Appeals Court rules voter ID law will not be used for 6/5 recall election.
Details on
Congrats on the big win!
how cute!
Maybe a nice roundup of selling your used iPad or iPhone on Gazelle or Nextworth.
lol, seems more appropriate.
The producers hope your not smarter than the characters on their shows, so dummy up
you are killing Randy with the Lion King song he is laughing his ......
off lol
oh.
glorious moment when your tears have healing powers too.
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan!
Yeah?
I would love that so so much!!
If I mind my business I'd hope you'd have enough respect to mind yours too.
What are you trying to watch on a bootleg??
Thank you so much.
Made my day!
omg,slap me
Libra where MB will take you on your birthday: a FUN museum
As Robin in
I love breakfast for dinner : 
So happy with my rescue dog can't wait to shower her with love!!
Looking for commercial  residential property managers looking to outsource insurance and risk management services.
Thanks to the great volunteers from and Genworth Financial yesterday at 's
You like that college?
stop saying most controversial.
How about: contentious, dubious, questionable or ridiculous ending ever
Dinner with friends, breakfast with ex.
Gym before 7a.m.
Life sure looks different on the other side of sober.
This about says it all for me today!
I'm so grateful for the love I have found hereThanks tweeple TEDxSF  Louie Schwartzberg  Gratitude:
Have u finished your Xmas shopping?
If u need gift ideas get 's book PUSH!
Im lovin it my be my fav book ever.
Yeah let's keep supporting a douche bag celebrity!
Way to go mike vick maybe next you'll buy your way out of a DUI or hit and run with a kid
looks like the ballot is as kind to you as it was in 2006 :
check out the spy museum..
very cool!
Have fun!
I always make sure it is!
Haha feelingcocky RT :  I got the feeling this is going to get interesting!
My point was I find it odd to try so hard to disprove something unless there was doubt to start with.
Good thinking, Zoe.
I'll keep it a secret.
I've always wanted to go in like a huge field and scream at the top of my lungs
Keep in mind the desperate attempt to keep the experiment going.
The word domestic and pet gets attention.
haha sounds appealing, but I'm stuck on a set.
And can't have wine until Sunday.
But thanks!
way overpaid.
Low motor.
Takes too many plays off.
In your professorle picture you look exactly like the Happy Mask Salesman from Majora's Mask
Monday's got you down?
Check out the happyhour deals Sullivan's Steakhouse  Chicago!
One more week.
And its a smoke ouutt
I'm not a boy and at least know your facts!
Rajon Rondo has taken Steve Nash's delayedpass from the lane to the next level.
However, that is completely unrelated to the stadium deal, but at the same time makes a deal look more impressive.
That's hilarious, and no I absolutely sensed the opposite!
That's why our conversation was so refreshing.
Every1 who thinks that Ryan dunns death was fake is extremely stupid.
Unfortunately he's dead.
Best of wishes to his family.
R.I.P Ryan Dunn
Decide whether including a recipe for cherry limeade pie on my blog is appropriate since I haven't written on food since last year.
Sweet!...Have to try one...but gonna skip the run...will leave that for you!
21 Chelsea win over Man U.
Just like that it's their epl title to lose.
5 games left and they have a 2 pt lead over Man U
I don't know about Portland ME, or about them trying for MLB.
Portland Oregon tried to get the Expos and was one of three finalists
I am going to work tomorrow!
I warned you!!!
has left the building at least for a moment until her face is back to normal color ;
Was fun!
Go w/ a big group  try lots of different things.
some plates better than others.
Might be only dim sum place in WI.
Hungry?
Jimmy John's is fresh, fast and tasty!
So don't wait any longer...
go and pick up one of their gourmet sandwiches today!
that tweet is only allowed if its ironic and sadly it's not.
I NEED AL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Even at 25 huffing helium never gets old.
Probably bad for
I know : So sorry we let you down on the way home!
Do you have mad skills?
Challenge is a doctorgon with a gift in its mouthTame the doctorgon and the gift is yours.
Noela Evans
Hit her.
You could take
and are very fun!
Am honored to be tweeting next to them!
please say a prayer for me.
love to u n ur family.
i am sick.
will never forget bsb in st.
louis
93 of individual donors would give money again if they were asked by a nonprofessort that thanked them promptly  in a personal way.
I checked them out they straight Lil brah
ST Voyager On Netflix The Killing Game Part 2
ok thank you !
I'm so annoyed.
Like always
how many more season till we find out who your mother is?
im applying for jobs
Poor paula.
That's truly sad.
and loving it!
They don't make couples like that anymore.
A old man madly in love with his wife.
Still opens the door and takes her coat for her..
Yes!
I just told that it was like game 162!
Happy Holidays to all of our FaceBook family...............
Check out my new face lift!
www.loofahsoapsncreations Does it say cheeky?...me???
you took it from me cuhs .
kinda creepy.
hey there.
Any chance of a weather forecastfor Saturday in West Lafayette Indiana for Purdue game ?
they are super tall thin dudes!!!
biology overload
Red Cross Heroes Luncheon today was more than Inspiring!
10thingsaboutme; 8.
i have a dog that i love more than anything in the world, shes turning 13 years old, shes older than me:
Sprint CEO to take pay cut as iPhone costs pinch
You can come and vacation at my house.
We have cats.
Day Two of is off to an excellent start.
10 iPad apps for inclusive ed was awesome.
New in Reference Universe: Encyclopedia of Immigration and Migration in the American West from Sage Reference Online
I focus on the positive, the rest will work itself out.
Don't be a have not.
Look at what you have and work with it.
You will be able to go after your goals a lot easier.
Turned on Frozen Planet...now I really have no reason to cuss at the TV.
I guess I had a reason or 2 earlier...we'll get the cup next year
It's scooter weather again!
everyone has a secret that not even your bestfriend knows.
Y'all remember our episode w/ of fourfour?
He's blogging ANTM again!
He's tweeting about it right now!
Class  broken laptop  the worst
Shout out to everybody for a ff
Ah...
Fun weekend!
Thank you Caitlin, your hat is fab!
Can't wait to see my ladies tonight!
Don't understand the whole stop while you're ahead thing.
If I'm ahead, why would I stop?
Are you tired of your boyfriend/girlfirend cheating on you?
Are you wondering why you are here on earth?
Well then follow
..i love it when the wind blows and makes the trees wave hello......
deep, lmbo
how did you find me?
lol :
Do you know who I am?
I'm JEFF GOODMAN!
RT: : Went to pick up credential, was told I wasn't on listfor Ohio high school hoops.
don't forget to trade pokemons with the security guard
Trust in the LORD with all your heartlean not on your own understanding;in all your ways acknowledge him,he will make your paths straight.
very disappointed that all the work I did yesterday in omnigraffle seems to be gone
Happy Mothers Day :
Love Tea Party Express emails.
Textbook how to disempower.
Today's subject?
RECALL UPDATE: We lost control of the Senate as Senator resigns
Hey !
When are you announcing the TSwift lookalike contest winner?
I just read his tweet on Bono and I was magnetized to follow.
Thanks for the recommendation LMAO
Blazers down 2960 in the 3rd quarter to the Knicks?
Just blow it up.
I like Nate McMillian, but his time might be up.
Bad loss for ur Bucks bro ...
we literally JUST walked in!
: RT : yea you do!!
Awesome be safe and make sure you hit up wet willies
women seeking lust they believed in love you shouldnt start a chapter if you cant read the trust
Why do I always get the best ideas for new items when I have a million other things to do?
PamelaChase.
I miss them!!
Happy Birthday Hope Its A Great One!
how im bein stupid???
Ive been a walking heartache Ive made a mess of me the person that Ive been lately aint who I wanna be
My Google Calendar for the next 2.5 weeks is enshambled.
:
have a great fundoctoriser tonight!
Always  Forever 3
: Hey look!
Brittney Sager has morphed into this morning on WAKEUP We're talking storms this AM.
Good Luck bestfriend : kick some butt and your going to do great!
Run like the wind bullseye!!3

You broke my heart..
You made me feel pain
thanks for the gTalk tip  just had a family videochat w/ grampa, daughter,  Buttons
haha yeah definitely don't want another parking ticket or to bump into a car again :
Love it!
Couldn't agree more.
RT : Change happens when persistence outlasts resistance.
Ready for this fever to break...
: 3 days!!!
Awl my followers, go follow !
She has ahmayzing YouTube videos!
Lmmfaooooooooo WHY do they keep interviewing METTA WORLD CLUCK
I'm really not a fan of this season, so I may have a biased opinion, but I only think 2 or 3 S3 eps stand up to S1/S2
Where I'm from we don't talk about we gotta be about it.
If you're talking about it, you're just bragging.
Brad Pitt
imagine Austin:Ever since i met you nobody is else is worth thinking bout,yourname i love you You:i love u tokisses you gently anna
would you expect any less???
Happy Wednesday.
If you happen to have any plastic bags, our Shops can use them.
This is a great way to recycle, and help the Cultural Ce...
random biblical conversations with strangers in goodwill 
Wah still no voice :
VoteRNG ALL NIGHT BABY!
Great conversation, smart people.
Thanks for letting us play along.
RT : Brainstorming our next twoyear program theme!
yes indeed!
Whale Wars tonight!!
great song
My bottom teeth are crooked...
Uhooohh
: I hate it when the guy I like is talking to another girl.
I don't know why, I just do : 
How gonna flirt on sum hella freaky ish den turn round n say wow u jus nasty  I said same thing u did except u gotta pussy
you got it!!!
Toaster strudels need more icing

Thanks for the follow, Felicia.
Had a great time reminiscing about student affairs and talking IT at NASPATech .
Good luck everyone.
let us know how EDUCAUSE cans help.
que chistoso!
Translate that
Tragic irony that it is great evening for run along lake in Chi but can't b/c busted knee slipping on ice on bike on Greenway just week ago.
N now 1st shift late.....grrrrrrrr.
Go for it Al.
What's the event?
Ride safe!
That's the coolest shit 50 did in a while
When Ovechkin is with a woman, does he protect himself with a condom or a headbutt?
I got mad floors pace and a blow up bed for ya!
Lol
Pleasure was mine  Thank YOU!
I go to parties sometimes until 4.
It's hard to leave when you can't find the door cuz they shut all the lights off
My mentions r dead,nobody seems to tweet me like they used to :
Recruiting for a Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO.
This role will be responsible for supporting the internal audit function 
you'd be the best boyfriend ever just like justin , you'r all any girl would EVER want, your so sweet : follow me maybe 3
If being a bitch is what it takes to make my point clear then I guess thats what ill have to be
: The track meet tonight was fun TrackSucksTho!
I saw this and thought, he's lost another phone?
Social media 101: Don't overmeasure what is only a small percentage of your communications mix!
wow, my dad would turn on the house alarm, and motion detectors while im still here 
looks like we'll need to look out to next week or after I'm back from travel.
Is lunch on the 5th open?
nice!
Sounds like a perfect night!
I can relate to the lack of sleep.
It makes for a long day :
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
Right now I'm just thinkin things through...
At the beach 8
ok Will do
Aw thank you!
I have no fucking clue.
Came to bed instead 
It's official, Sound of Silent Film is moving to a weekend!
Fri, April 1 and Sat April 2.
Film lineup to be announced soon
Somethings better done in person than VIA Facebook...
Cool Facebook trick: If you hit your browser's BACK button really really fast a bunch of times in a row, you'll end up on Myspace.
I do post :smugfavre:
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking....
Gimme a break Timbers fans, you're making yourselves sound stupid.
too soon still, add up the others besides Hunstman
Great day!!!!
Now swimming and doctornking with the wedding party :!!!
Fun fun!!
Where oh where is ?
i think that's what you get, audience shift.
it tries to emulate ted talks, but rarely duplicates the interest.
Wtf is today....make lena mad day?!...
my computer is not able to save the form to inter to be a model for your makeup line.
is there another way to participate?
Hawaii has offered Maryland 2014 safety Kobie Walker, joining the Badgers and NCState.
Talk about a fun official visit
a nap sounds pretty good right about now
no...preciate you!
home and power?
Asking a question should not take 5 minutes.
So theres a dead cat in the street and i decided to look at it and i looked at the head and the eyes were open still..
Ewwwww
Whew.
And tied series 33.
Game 7.
Again.
I land 7:10 Saturday night, out afterwards.
I am thinking I need to revise my plans now...
Caps!
hey hot stuff, I'm enjoying you very much at the moment
im just a boy that a woman could make a man of
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
Ive been waitin my whole life 4 u 2 follow me  it wuld mean da world if u did!!
NSN ILY very much 
Best TV ever!
Going through your yearbook and saying ew when you see the pictures of people you hate
No, waitcrew decides to stay and fight.
Monster attacks Cinder...Cinder is killed.
can't wait till
speaking at the 140Cuse conference on building software for social.
Proud to be a freak.
:
Que suena con los angeles!
yo domino your dominoskis want to meet you!
Castro Benedict sounds like a very fancy breakfast...
and I approve of this meeting.
Well, I didn't expect that outcome.
They did shoot lights out though.
i miss u booobie pie
: There's a crazy sand storm in El Paso Texas WTF I got sand in my mouth,eyes shoes.
I live here!:D
101 on bio test!
Hell yeah!
Don't be easy to get, or you'll be easy to forget.
What do you think the number of MostTweetsInADay is?
Without rules on keeping individual member records, i'm afraid many will get trashed...
HealthJibe makes it easy for people to track their health information and healthy activities.
I feel betrayed by because I woke up this morning to watch Boy Meets World and it was not on!
Willie D is my Fucking nig!!!!!
Bonus clue to May's crossword up on our facebook page ...
Bees collect special plant and tree resins to prevent and fight colony illness, not to eat.
Be mindful of what u throw away, be careful of what u push away and think hard before u walk away
still unsure whether to go with wordpress or blogger for our Art project the essence of the Mapuche...what is your experience?
ever wonder what your name is spelled backwards?
Ah, Satan.
Maybe I should be worried.
Ramapo plans jobs website to link local employers, seekers
how hard is it?
And it's cuz community college is easier and cheaper to do.
What your college cheap?
The I Want You Back trend kindda reminds me of Cher Lloyd's song.
Oh you bout that life fam
In case anyone thinks Russia is our friend, I happened upon EL version of Pravda a few days ago: Obama.
He's a street thug.
absolutely nothing
I have made a vow to myself to remove all doctorma and negativity from my life....NO ONE IS EXEMPT
Congrats Zakgetting mine tomorrow!
RT : My book DarkWorld released in all Barnes  Noble stores this Tuesday!
please retweet!
Spurs, get it together, will ya?
not been on Twitter for a week or so.
follows and they follow back asap: btw gemma, 1MONTH TODAY33.
Get that shit out there bitch
At Soho house with a Grammy winner and a Pulitzer Prize winner!
haha I'm so sorry
I want to learn the ways of the 4th and become a jedi like my father.
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This horror movie was shot and completed in 2009, but wasnt released until three years later in 2012.
What is it?
Good morning!
I'm up so early after a 3 hour sleep
Going to kali's:
follow me please2
they are twins they were on x factor also Irish simon could not stand them but i love them
Downloading new iphone software.
I've heard mixed reviews.
watching one of the scream movies ?
I'm probably gonna pee my pants loll .
I know what you mean!
Your blog is fantastic, by the way!
I'm feeling good about the clap claps, too, btw.
Big w tonight.
hahahaha...
It's definitely still a startup.
I prefer it over webex or gotomeeting; I've never used tried it on my iPad.
:
In case you were wondering, a MacBook Air can handle having an apple w/peanut butter doctorpped on it.
RT : Men of character overshadowing the Thug.
It's the Oklahoma way.
Finish it off Thunder!
Im assassinating s serial rapist pyromaniac.
hugz!
yeah ikr..
But I've done went to the gym twice n the last 24 hrs so I'm good 4 the moment
get it jared.
When facing a massive deadline, I fucking love to clean.
Everything.
Twice.
Sgt.
Slaughter FTW.
The only one who's a member of G.I.
Joe, and kicking facial hair to boot.
Enjoy Porta Palazzo and your visit to Torino.
thank you BFF
seeking print sales professorssional in Philadelphia PA
that is a terrible towel...you a packer fan yet?
omg jaz!!!
Can u model???
Email me
no im not???
Im honest
i Just Texted You.
hanging out with Reconnection Youth tonight!, these nights are akways fun!
, then hime to do HW ,,..
This is fantastic.
Thanks Allen!
brb teleporting to texas
Hey Nikki.
It's my birthday today.
Can you say Hi to me?
It would mean a lot to me.
What are your favorite bedtime rituals?
Still doctoroling over the dior show
im so mad i cant go see you guys in concert!
D:
Ready to cast my vote for the first politician to run on the Hunger Strike platform.
Edvard Munch's The Scream to be renamed OMG.
Thx!
hope to cu again soon!
RT : just dined at Michael Mina's .
Cuisine was truly fantastic.
Then you'll just have to find another time.
I feel you LOL
I watched!
I watch Victorious everytime!
I love it!
You are the best:
heh heh heh have said a few of those and heard many more...
Mike Vick is going to get a 100 million dollar contract.
Anything is possible in America!!
There you go : 
maybe, maybe not c;
pool's been open for a few weeks but never considered going swimming until today.
SummerWhereAreYou?
Next week will unveil all 32 new NFL uniforms at an exclusive event in NYC.
Our editor will be on handbe sure  follow!
i love all the skinny bitches i work with
i need to go shopping for summer clothes, my wardoctorbe is beat
Yo, girls are gonna love your new twit pic swag.
I got you
Yes!
Nadia and the crew are wonderful.
The view is unbeatable.
Let us know how you liked it and
I found Gene Wright from at BizExpo :
its because im always awake.
Sorry if i woke ya!
I was seeing if he was still awake lol
I dont trust you anymore, not after what i just heard.
You're pathetic
I'm not lying !
What did you do over the weekend?
Best story gets my love and admiration!!
Way to go Ed.
I'm sure it will be a movie that evokes emotion.
Finally!
The thing I love most about being a Socialist is that unless you have your Master's from an Ivy League school, you can NEVER join the club!!
That was to SOUTH magazine.
I believe the pub you referenced is a small, independent southside newspaper.
be happy your grandma is alive.
Somewhere great!
If I am going to live stream I am going to do it right.
Backdoctorp in place.
Who wants to have a hand in making some cards?
great to see.
Maybe we will meet.
I kinda like lil dicks they cute RT : yes girl!
No little dicks allowed
I have way too much fun with seltzer water.
haha brother sister feud via twitter right now tune in!
it was like in btwn!
not really crazy but some people were very..
outgoing!
xD
There's ony by on role of brand for nonprofessorts and one by CEP on their new strategy tool  yes, COF LA  you?
Lil Josie sayin 'John...
Happy!' when goin to bed, yeah I'm kinda melting
I lost 3 followers!!!
D:
Couple opens store to sell antiques, estate items
: I'm excited for high school open gym to start tomorrow.
yeee for what!?
Thank you!
I really want to give hope to others experiencing what I am.
:
is taking home the award for Tweet of the Day!
Happy New Year from both of us.
Figure I better say so before the cabernet kicks in.
Z.
looking good u got what it takes
Looking forward to playing the Stone Pony on January 13th!
Tickets at ticketmaster.
Get a can of compressed air, prolly has dust in it!
And I need one too, I'm tired of my POS comp hahaha
Congrats to Melissa McCarthy!
Loving the Emmys and what a fun musical surprise.
Is up now.
So go hit dat follow button, that is,
Not listening and not paying attention are signs of ADD.
Sometimes people with hearing impairments can be misdiagnosed as having ADD.
South and Midwest RegionalSemifinals happening today!
No better way to watch it than with 5 dozen bonein chicken wings.
And now the bases are loaded.
BOBBY!!!
yes!
I have those too!
My favorite little foot slave got them for me.
And here's some more...
This goes very smoothly to have them all in my doctorft box ready to go on Friday!
;
as far as we know!
In business, there's a phrase location, location, location.
In Christianity, location is most important when it deals with the will of God!
Loiter squad in a bit
Giving a talk?
Sounds great.
Where 'bouts, topic?
Sometimes it can be so hard to say no
...and he needs to learn how to text
Gave doctorco his monthly bath.
Surprisingly, he doesn't roll in the grass afterward like Basil did.
Hows everyone doing?
The Florida Cooper Point Street Team has 194 followers.
Can we get more?
Tell everyone ya know:
Some peoples attempt at humor really make me cringe
Thanks for the RT.
Apperciate it.
RT : RT : Baptized in Muddy Waters Ayron Jones  the Way...
Fun day with the cousins!
DNT SND ME THOSE DAMN DMS.
KEPT ME UP ALL NITE RETARDS!
Well I do track
This junt I seen in tha store today tho
T2: mHealth is used to quickly respond to information needs on the spot.
In CLM meetings, grand rounds, etc.
Atlas Network's founder Anthony Fisher started turtle farm in Caymans.
Was producing MORE turtles, they shut him down too.
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 3
Emeralds are a symbol of undying love.
Who's staying in town for Labor Day Weekend and partying with us poolside!?
You kidding?
If I have an accidental baby anytime soon there's no way I'm giving up my stay at home rights!
: Yep, instead of going back to the past like Midnight in Paris, this is Rome...in the future!
.
we heard about your shaving yourself  tattoo prop bet.
How about doing it live on air?
Following spree?
Tweet me!
Clearly RT :  knows if he doesn't play well  does, it could be a QB controversy in NY Jerry Rice
Cookies and hard chocolate milk
Red Light, Green Light!
Haha
You get on my nerves.
waiting to watch her highlight film she is most definitely ready to be a pro.
Happy Birthday!
Hope it's a good one!
One of our upcoming music videos is going to be huge.
We're going for that 1spot with on this 1.
hahahaha, Subway is better..
Great FIOS.
Now you are jumping on thesexist against mencommercial bandwagon.That lady wouldn't have a house if it weren't for the husband
If today has taught me anything so far it is that I can get a LOT done if I just focus.
that's the classic Mad Anthony service with a smile
I loved the first one, so I'm hoping this is just as fun.
Its you're write too right you're words incorrect, butt their a waist've thyme four me two reed.
dc
Good Morning TwitFam!!
Have a Beautiful Day!!!
can u repeat that last tweet?
i ddnt get it
...so I stopped and had one.
what's your favorite bible verse?
Starbucks in Overland Park still has SALTED, carmel hot chocolate.
Around the world Uh round the world
when is it?
: Been out of town for 3 weekends in a row but after the 21st, I'm open!
Miss you guys, dying to get together!
Unbelievable!
RT: .
accepted an endorsement from the guy whose website hosts this blog: bit.ly/oEPHwR
I think is very beautiful but i would be scared to tell her how I really feel.
why don't you care about your best friend??
He's crying his eyes out right now..you should give him a call3
Is Expression Engine similar to Wordpress with an added framework?
How fun!
It snowed in LA today!
What a sight to see!
Felt like back in Wisco or Chi!
Let's Move Monday!
Increase activity by taking stairs instead of the escalator or elevators!
only complaint: never thot i would b trying to learn how to walk again on my 40th birthday which is thursday.
such a slow process.
lol.
John Travolta wore the Canyon Group purple Wildflower chenille robe in Love Song for Bobby Long, available at www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ooh, those are god spots.
I love Nashville, but people just walk SO slow down here...
like SPEED IT UP, MISTER, I HAVE SOMEWHERE TO GO!
omar told me too ask you cause he be doin some doctor ass crossovers .
he need a personal trainer.
WhyDoiAlways want what I can never have?!
Jesus knows what Im thinking right now...
Do you think taking pictures in the school bathroom is cute?
Well you're wrong you look stupid.
Antichrist is a beautifully haunting and disturbed look at the Antichrist's Eden where Lars Von Trier unleashes nature's chaotic violence.
You are smart!
Okay my family is insane
I love the new guys in this US rap music.
Diddy opening doors for the kids out there...
POLL QUESTION: Jaymz is putting up his Christmas tree.
What should be the tree topper?
Huge shout out to that's one hell of a guy and a bad ass show!
Follow him and catch his show!
Frozen ones do for sure.
Cinco De Mayo is a marketing ploy for beer and tequila companies to sell more product.
Not Mexican Independence Day.
RT : Any leader who is irreplaceable is failing.
RT : Epic Packages; Epic PL mount, 1885mm T 2.9 Red Cine Zoom, a full support system, batteries, memory, monitoring...
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub?
8PM!
Brian Adams tix for first prize.
kill it baby!!!
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
18
Im late!!!
Tickets for tonight's show w/ the Black Dahlia Murder  Nile  Skeletonwitch  Hour of Penance are going, going, nearly gone!
Get them NOW!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
smallbizchat is on fire tonight with from  join in!!!
There's something funsounding about throwing lasagna into the blender...
thanks for the follow back.
You're amazing!
I'm also here at sawgrass lol if you like some discounts on some stores, feel free to reach out to me :
Let's all just go wild and put our hands up a bit.
We are Easter people who live in a Good Friday world  Easter Sermon 2012
Have to say that was man of the 1st half at least.
Been impressed with what I've seen here and preseason  step up I think
Who else is ready for the weekend?!
Let's do this!
have you ever blogged about social media?
Would be interested in reading your perspective on it.
I'd kill for anyone on my team.
I love you guys and I'm gonna miss you seniors.
Going to the game!:
they play that damn song so much that I know all the words.
hahahah
Actually, fuck her.
If you two can get me, then make it happen.
Long day
Thank you and for the mentions and retweets!
Hope you all had a great weekend.
Nobody understands the Life of a Jockey more than 's Bob Costas.
He can look em in the eye when asking that tough question.
Thanks for sponsoring and hosting the LA Open Source Hackathon yesterday!
Tickets go on sale for Atlanta 7/6
yup...i hate having to wait till morning to post something witty i came up with after 4pm
A special thanks to Lakeview Christian Church for your hospitality and kindness.
We had a great time worshipping with you all this morning!
Not the best day.
Celebrating the birth of my sister with spagetti, homemade meatballs, and Monte Carlo.
Inge released today huh?
SHOT OUTS TO OZNY OF NEW ERA FOR THE NEW TRACK GETIN BESY MUCH LOVE N RESPECT
No word yet.
: Does that mean the judge ruled doctor Sellers will not be allowed to testify??
me too.
Good for him, I say!
Still, some labels I like.
...
seem to like their artists more.
I said hell naw to restrictions today, its
Chapter 11 down.
Only one more chapter to go.
Preparing a supply of woohoos in anticippation.
Congrats to my friends Laural Porter and Kurt Austin for being awarded a national Edward R.
Murrow Award.
I rather the iphone I've had so many problems with my blackberry I went thru 3 in the past 2 months
nice job to the graduate fellowsI enjoyed all three presentations today
Happy New Year!
Hope everyone has fabulous year!!!!
WTF u waiting for?
U want backstage passes for ExtremeReunion 4/28 Philly?
How to win?
change ur professorle pic HERE to ours.
doctorwing on mon
Nacho Daddy is an actual restaurant chain.
to binge and purge is one thing, but if you had a time machine, you could get bloated, then go back and do it again, and again and again...
Shame!
But also awesome.
can't wait to see you in concert sometime...
im confused..
Tht made me mad
I95 food ideas?
Definitely stopping at the Georgia Pig in Brunswick, GA.
What else?
WeirdFactAboutMe I can't sleep with socks on.
Ok so I'm a nerd at times, but I'm a pretty cool nerd.
Everybody likes me....well not everybody lmbo.
StarLynn
Quiet time at desk means: run tape of puppet show and practice  looking a bit like an idjit.
Remaining mom laughing at me.
Integrative Pain Management Clinic in Monroe, will give you 50 OFF regular massage price for first time patients in July.
www.integrpm.com
re; my last two retweets...the first as i say is a REtweet, so i am not responsible for the..hilarious misspelling of the word...
Been at Busch Gardens all day
I don't want you to apologize for your opinion.
Just dm me
I said some lol obvi I'm not talking bout my girls!
But if u saw my feed it would be rediculous LOL
Thanks for the shout out.
Looking forward to another successful GD season!
I'm braindead.
I waterproofed my camera bag, jacket, and jeans, done waiting out the rain, I'm headed to the
my best friend asked me to marry him...yeah, he put a ring on it :
That lovely moment when everyone realizes how funny you really are...
Yeah I live for that  omg she really just said that moment 
Thanks!
You're not far behind:
I just followed u I think
yeah okay society is much different these days!
Haha
A closed mouth and working hands will speak for its self.
they see me rollinn, they hatinnnn
Wait!
So Rovio isnt actually using the slingshot?
That would have been awesome.
Great attn grabber nonetheless
.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you enjoyed the likeablechat too
It's time we integrated money  George Jefferson, The Jeffersons
Are you someone that needs to be validated?
What would life be like if you didn't need to be?
How many people are at Toyota Park?
I've counted about a dozen on TV.
This is definitely sexist AND racist.
Black women aren't allowed to show aggression/confidence in a white sport.
Now in Exmouth after watching tourofbritain start in Exeter, waiting for the peloton to finish here
: I'm a firm believer in weaning off of spring break...
well said
We Appreciate the FOLLOWs CHEERs
I hate obnoxious kids!!
Parents control your childoctorn!!
areyoukiddingme?
Thanks Dan, that's kind of you to say.
wtf?
I grew up calling it duck tape not duct tape.
but it's going to be okay because it was just a doctoram.
Nothing is going to happen I'm sure of it 3
PURPLE SWING IT OUT!
ROBERT REICH had me singing the STAPLES song I'LL TAKE YOU THERE.
ONLY ROBERT REICH did it in 8 steps.
GOOD INFORMATION
lmaooooooooo...STOP IT...oan I'm gettin me a petition for folks in albany to send me some jimmies...I miss them so much lol
Google's first selfdoctorving car user is Steve Mahan, a man who is 95 blind.
soon brother.
Very soon.
HIT EM WITH THAT  DIE TONIGHT PROD BY
I WONDER HOW THE LIL HOMIES DID AT THEY SCRIMMAGE
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Benjamin Disraeli
Almost home :D
Tru well u good
Shouldn't be surprised when someone dies .
Death is always lurking around, when it happens it happens.
they can smell it.
right?
I learned that from
Gotta utilize that WiFi, it's been happening to a ton of my friends too.
Amazing knows amazing.
What you see in others is what you see in yourself.
doctorErase Laminate..
This stuff is a lifesaver!!!
Staring, mouth agape, into God's infinite creation, this morning.
No plans yet for the afternoon.
IMPORTANT..the last tweet SHOULD/COULD have read that the Organisation which is the beneficiary of my Just Giving donation for Jeremy...
OMG I'm hungry
This year marks the centennial of Titanic's sinking.
Visit the Exhibition in SanDiego to learn about  honor the lives lost....
Writing a letter.:
hahaha!!!
Aww thanks, it was great seeing you too :
MT  Mass.
politics stat of the day: Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren both have more cash on hand than Mitt Romney
what church?
Glad you found one!
; oh honey, you are just ugly on the inside AND out.
:
Tonight, Maybe We're Gonna Run.
doctoraming Of The Osaka Sun, doctoraming Of When The Morning Comes.
Lovers In Japan
I just woke
haha sexy and I know it!
loveyoutoo 
20FactsAboutMe one day I aspire to be my own boss
If a boy ever took me to a baseball game, I'd proably marry them.

St.
Louis!
How are we today?

AMAZING sets.
I already want to see them again.
I think you should have just captainoned it MISMs
RT : I don't buy the hype I triple it's reach in a fart
I wanna try dating a tall white boy with pretty eyes lol
Woke up to 3 loud military helicopters flying by, 2 dogs barking and a fat man screaming SOMEONE SHUT THOSE DOGS UP!
Good morning, world.
Approaching parisian canicule levels of sweatiness.
Only 20 hours until I'm moved into an actual home!
With a/c!
Can't come soon enough.
Go follow Like legit!
He is awesome!
Makes me smile...
the world is better with you in it!
Cubs recall Cardenas, option Wood
Hello Guadalupe That Bitch Whore Ahi Hahha time saying you want to follow you Hahha
Great story about KSR, Ever try the ETown Shoney's?
Great place since the
Final from Maher Athletic Center, 84  Trinity 77.
We'll be coaching as well as set up as a vendor.
Can't wait!
RT That FK You Too you did for Respect.
Appreciated
Nope  LaLa is on the cover
I'm most surprised to see Mahan outside the cut line.
Stricker is a close second though.
We specialize in artist development, marketing, and promotion.
I hate little dogs oh my gosh stop barking !
I wanna kick it over the moon
or you guys could boycott with me.
LOL: bo britney:
When your father tells you that you fucked up 
Is there an announcement today about Google?
as long as u feel good they can't tell u shit oh yeah I think that xtra 30 probaly looked damn good dependin where u put it
Excited for a three client meeting day in NYC  Jersey with two of my favorite blasters.
every night is a taylor swift night
webseries starts filming today.
Out in the desert.
In a bar.
All around a stressful week, but excited about the end product
Juan Solomon Park and Community Center looked great today at the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony!
can't wait to see it!
I believe the Cataloger's Desktop is the closest to an online version right now.
All I'm missing is some chicken and some brownies!
Clickbank Success Tips  All Things Bright and Beautiful soloists and Choirs
Be glad you don't live in Seattle.
That's all we have to get us through everyday.
Don't think I can ever take a good picture
Getting my car an oil change than back To the house for a hour of extra sleep
sounds like a white hot mess.
u can call know
Beautiful photograph : You're a blessing to your mom!
beautiful choice in song, just beautiful!
melted my heart!
Californos menu features Roasted Red Pepper Hummous for 8, served with grilled squash and zucchini, red onion, carrot, celery, hot Sarachi!
Out with the old and in with the new adios 2011 welcome 2012  hope everyone has a Happy and safe New Year.!!
thinking of you!
register yourself or team today for the JPA 5k Run/Walk and help heal the scars of abuse and neglect!
www.juvenile.org
Valentine's Menu Is Up At www.blpdx.com Please Make Reservations Now Call 503 2280048 Three Seatings 5PM RAW 7pm and 9PM Aphrodisiac Feast!!
New blog coming soon!
I will admit that it was kinda a give up, tho.
I'm very good :D
I love my BabyBashBling team it's been a productive, challenging and creative few months.
whosgonnalose  Northwestern v Auburn  NW will lose
This Is A Weed Song/ Get Some Pussy Song
It was a pleasure having you in!
Hope you all enjoyed your evening.
We're BOTH awesome :
Yea but the Jets need a good QB, and they now have two that dont add up to squat..
Earlier I had 10,000 Heat fans on my TL now it's like 2 ...
Y'all ain't real lol
Left my STI results at my friend's house after playing post happy hour
u will not be alone Packer Nation will be there and welcome u with open arms
Man I wish I would of wore my skinnys instead of flare jeans .
:/ oh well .
Agreed RT : What's w all the tearing down of ppl.Supporting others can feel good too!Never know what someone is dealing w.
yes please do!!!!
TwitterWouldBeBetterWithout people who can't spell So you're saying Twitter would be better without Liam?!
:O
So excited!
doctoraming about the Sonoran dog I'll be munching on for dinner tonight at m!
Ew, You are so creepy.
I was hoping that Lohanthony was referring to a Lindsay Lohan  Casey Anthony lesbian lover affair.
Nope, just some Youtube kid or something
thank you!!!!!!!
You da best sister.
Love you very, very mucho
craving shoneys, but we don't have one close by :
Wish the duo Zhane would make new music!!
; I Love their jazzyness...
Alright, it's Pacquiao time!!!
Going to bed with 2 mice and a wasp in the same room..
RT : Bundled up at cafe getting dinner.
ME TOO!!!
if you take something from somebody you have to pay for it
Nothing replaces the personal connection!
R RT top 2 social media tools 4 the future are the phone and the handshake
RT : Piece of advice.
Your significant other should also be your best friend.
It makes the relationship fun and AWESOME.
Isn't it?
I honestly don't know how people like that can sleep at night.
Lowest of the low.
I second that sad face!!!!
they can't tell til they try to put their hands thru it!
Then we do that fast move like I know you did not just do that
Well played Monica lol
I bought it not sure it's worth the 4.99 though :/
I'm sorry girly u be talking to June bug??
Big thinking precedes great achievement.
Wilferd A.
Peterson
Kettle corn and some lemonade 

Smdh Naaa , I Needa Met Hiss Cool Ass Cause I needa tell him about his self  That dirty word .
Ctfu
Happy Author's Day!!!
On the bright side, I forget the Outside exists less often now that I have a workspace with windows.
thought that was only legal in Vegas.
It aint wack.
I have only two posts myself.
I wont even publicize that I have one.
I will start to use it more.
the pollo were yummy, I yapped too much and the sold out of the beef before I could order...
Wah!!!!
Changing my ways..
6 years later on december 24th another angel was born...
Me;
thank you for all your hard work and bringing attention to this issue
Pittsburgh to Michigan is almost as boring....my ex lives there and that doctorve was boring too lol
Screaming Bloody Murder
Folk physics got me raising and lowering the cup at the natural arm swing rhythm.
It appeared to prevent spills.
Learning about Mendeley at
ABoyfriendShouldAlways beone direction !!!:
my last one was on Christmas Eve doctorving back from Dallas.
Lol.
Just remembered that.
when I went to go pick up misbah lols, and I also got this big chocalate thing.
It looks expensive .
: Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
just satisfied an intense  sudden craving for root beer.
did you get my LATE present i sent you for your birthday?
: x

A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless doctormas.
Yes!
Letdown 4 sure.From what I can tell, Upshaw is quite the player.
U also need to fill me in on baseball..!
What is happening??
The RnB singer Tank grew up on 39th Center.
But his dad is a basehead unfortunately.
The 80s wasnt a sweet decade 2 stay clean
Add ...
New year, new music, more news to come!!!!
Please LetEricPlay That would be so AWESOME!!
I had a good day...well, make that a great day.
Sending love to all my friends...3
MvsW Rado QoD Getting the entire backstory about Crosby's junior hockey career from Pierre Mguire
I bet won't tweet me back
The moments when you look at the person you love the most and can't help but smile cause they are exactly what you want forever 3
The 90s called, they want Bone Thugs back.
Who else thinks Spring Break should be longer?
We need more travel time!
:p
Keep on smiling
For his last night in Indianapolis, Peyton Manning will be showing 2 movies on his forehead to all Colts fans.
I love you, you are always so beautiful, classy and respectful..
I hate that Kristen, how dare they try to replace her with u
it's okay
had Gallato with espresso pour on top Today went to Talan!Made money,and shopped.
I know but he might be just on vacation for the week in Dallas maybe?
;
I got a better idea, go fuck yourself...
Good work !
Throwing Ronnie under the bus!
And Always Havin Some New Fucked Up Name Hahah
r we ok now??
and omg u havn't posted ur bieber love stories in foreva :
SOMETIME GETTING MARRIED IS NOT THE BEST THING.
GET To YOUR TVZ.
Masterson thing.
I run to see who has the most guts.
Steve Prefontaine.
Run like you love it this weekend Tortoise and Hair PGH friends!
She's so fucking cute...
I miss her, and her kisses.
game on ustream now.
check it out
It was HILARIOUS!
RT : Ignorance is bliss laughing......: This fool said I got goutch he meant gout
The Don is the Hip Hop wake up call, this is how hip hop should feel!
Thank You
: Haters: H having A anger T towards E everyone R reaching S success.
Also follow hashtag PFZ to see commentary on the hearing.
Not just about sex work  about criminalization of POC  queer/trans communities!
Miss you too!
Congrats on being a prewifey!
Please keep tweeting cultural acclimations.
I enjoy them.
:
Problem remains with lenders.
Could change if banktransferday becomes legit.
CDFIs also emerging.
I'ma grown man not B2k if a need a girlfriend it won't be today
haha of course : it was on love and basketball!
anything with 50 cent?
Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your motherinlaw.
Japanese Proverb
your doing that on purpose right
Determined to finish this book!!
Catch  Release: How do we cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?
i need Pants.
recommend, to me, some Pants
Thanks for the RT!
See you in Orlando.
Give it to me right Watch the diamond glow your hand
please get more than 1 opinion before heading back on the court, compounded concussions are no joke, man, don't trust them,learn
Trying to figure out what the professorssor wrote on the board, then just guessing the word and hope it makes sense.
I love taking the bus down I5 when the mountain is out.
; Traffic, blah.
Just look up.
All is good in the world.
Who wants to go back to Lehigh on Sunday and watch the game from Leon's?
it was good!
Although 2 people we were there with got the 5 course tasting...we were there for 3 hrs
I love the cold side of the pillow.
It's what helps me sleep.
:
As usual, mailing it in when the stakes are high.
Change the name to the Dallas Mailmen
Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow Louis!
Rambo  dodgeball live for nothing, die for something, ur call
If y'all tryna come to Dallas and promote da single y'all welcome to post up at my spot G.
are u at MICA today?
Have an interesting new development in mobile tech I'd like 2 share, can u DM me an email?
BTW Tech Talk podcast sbscrbr too ;
Can't believe Im playing minecraft on my xbox IsthisRealLife It's so weird since I watch 's minecraft gameplays than play it lol
Congrats on your launch event.
Happy to have supported your awesome mobile offerings!
First time cooking collard greens today.
Couldn't be happier  big hit!!
Hey...where is the party tomorow?
jlive a charmed life
I'm playing, but on a serious note I've seen you on my timeline practically every minute for the last hour...
Lebron is literally a freight train on a fast break........Unstoppable
So many new tunes...they're coming in like a flood.
Riding the wave.
Looking forward to being in Sarasota August 26th.
Oh my gawd !!
I barely find out Mikey is in LA?!
WTF?!
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET.
like 30 seconds away 
That was so sweet of you Greg: lol
Thanks for all your love and support!
Already leaving with pages upon pages of notes and advice and ideas and plans.
And still four more days left.
dh11  yes!
Lmaoo I can't eve see ten screen ont phone.
I'm gone son.
Bust a nut.
Lake show....
Nino said you're thinking about coming on the Brooks Paris trip.
Is this true?
:D I hope so!
my mom to the guy at dd look atmy daughter, her bestfriend and boy left her and all her other friends are her babysitter
Looks like jQuery chosen doesn't work in IE7
Off to the capitol to check on 's destruction of free speech.
wising wiunion You will not silence Wisconsin working families.
Today marks my five year anniversary on twitter.
Where did the time go?
Yeah I was wondering that too...just saw it on a post on Google
All we smoke is papers, blowin hella flavors.
Smokin til its gone that's how we do it ccause were taylor'd
Come here, rude boy,boy can you get it up?
Come here rude boy, boy iz you big enough?
;
Hey Norm, have you talked to Artie lately?
How excited am I for the Packers game tomorrow?
Think adult diapers excited.
holy shit!
Mercy on his soul.
You stole my money, I want it back, give it now or you'll get a whack
OMG THIS VACATION IS MAKING ME WANT TO doctorNK.
The men may be the head of the house but the women are the neck and they can turn the head anyway they want.
Personal high five for me!
My daughter is in route, she'll b here in a few hrs!
:
Just laughed out loud.
DM: Best of luck in GA.
You're due!
Another of my couple's bites the dust ;/
by the time you got through, I must have been talking to my winner just me in here, can't do both at the same time :
hey Cleo girl
hey bro message me:
OkUPrettyBut do you lick?
Alexis and Me are BTL
Pageant Center welcomes out newest California pageant: Universal Miss and Master International Pageant!
www.pageantcenter.com
The NFL network plays a lot of doctormatic mood music.
Are losing teams put to death or something?
Maybe their first born childoctorn are taken?
Moons gone
Thank You!
Jumpin' Jack Flash coming up on FUV!
: Aloha.
We would love to have a short 20minute training preso at our next event May 14.
Interested?
Congress is going to begin to have adult conversations.
Have all conversations to date been childlike?
UGH!
I agree with the dictionary, girls before boys.
Tweetdeck opened this morning and your avatar scared the crap outta me.
Today I have received excellent service from two government entities and very poor service from one big box retailer
It's hard to pinpoint exactly when the Wii became obsolete, but I'd estimate it was about 2 years before it was released.
Hi, I heard you were a fan and I am a big fan of yours!
I would love to come on your show and make you my Muligatawney Soup!
So this Sarah Phillips concealed her identity.
Her real name was....Kerry Kittles.
waiting for one of the last ferries in Beşiktaş to Kadiköy: eating sandwich with Kokoreç
yeah but I'm.pushing through
i didnt tell no one I havent had a phone in like 4 months ..
time to transition from MSP to PHX....
Rv packed and ready to go
were super excited that is on board with us for the movie.
Looking fwd to chatting more as we come closer to release.
Thank for for the shot out!
RT if you have an ass
Thanks so much :
Thanks so much for following.
You all do such a great service to the music community and musicians.
Best wishes to all there.
It's been a great success!
i'll pay that 15 before i let somebody fuck my head up .
I don't know why won't text me back.
HAPPY 4th JULY 
believes Imperfection Is Beauty, Madness is Genius,  It's Better To Be Absolutely Ridiculous Than Absolutely Boring ..
On my way to kwfr  very excited!
: Congrats for 14years of service in a Spirit of Excellence and I know there will be many more to come.
To the Best Mentor th ...
Break the record for Number of LA Things Done/Eaten in one day or Die Tryin'.
like famous Amos?
It doesn't feel the same right now
Sounds more Machiavellian to me.
i did im jst being a fatass now cuz im bored haha
BRC gate opens in 120 days.
The Man burns in 125 days.
Joseph it was great meeting you Day!
Glad the girls had a ball.
Hope we see you soon!
A raisin oatmeal cookie has more calories than a Turkey Tom without mayo!
we will never understand how  why we were created, creationism is accepting ignorance
Charles Barkley says, Listen all you fat people, no disrespect, but it don't look good and it ain't healthy.
it's easy, city must lose.
Haha.
No, city has title with win, united needs win and a few goals padding.
I forget details
: just the best
Yecenia and I are attending as observers
Ready to snap on a fuck nigga.
Been a minute since its happened but all it takes is a second for that too change.
So very true!
RT Put your brilliant ideas to use while you're on the planet.
You can't take your files and stickies with you.
Almost 10:30am  Ive already doctornk 2 thermoses of tea.
You sure you want to rely on those two?
SOO IF I COVERED VIVA LA VIDA, WOULD YOU LOVELIES WATCH IT?!
yeah cuz he's obviously not worth it
sorry you're lonesome!
That can def be a trigger but we are PROUD of you for not giving in!!!
woot woot!!!
I'm not home yet.
I saw your email tonight.
Didn't want you to think I was ignoring you!
Look for my reply tomorrow!
Excited to work with you!
I know thats just sad.
Playoffs have been crazy in the second round lol
do you mean the stuff in abcoll.py?
I Try: That Would Be Hilarious...
Can You Imagine The Strange Looks?!
At The Grocery Store, The Doctor's Office...
Haha!:
I woke up at 6:30  felt the same way!
Something I learned today that seems obvious: Einsturzende Neubauten is not really music suitable for your average group work environment.
lol at me...
I'll get it right eventually!!!!!
Looking to start your New Year's resolution?
Details of our first Morning Manager event for 2012 are coming soon.
Just booked my ticket to go play at Toronto's North by North East Festival...Looking forward to rocking out with old friends!
Nobody is fucking with Kendoctorck right now.
He said his next project blows Section 80 out of the water.
Shopping tip: You can get shoes for 85 cents at the bowling alley
This one goes out to anyone who has been affected with cancer.
hahaha.
All good.
Hope you enjoyed it.
good morning : wow the weather ist hoot :
I did not see u in Vail dude this past weekend.
Now will be in Vegas thurssun
Ok I just did my homework on you.
So you sayin that we can't network because I booked OG?
Gonna be doctorpping a release date on our newest Braynstream collab mixtape soon
how is shazam?
I haven't had a chance to read any yet.
most annoying aspect of video is audio captainre really hard to find a good place  oh and lighting
My appointment is with Kate : This is the 1st time I'm having someone I don't already know cut my hair.
Exciting!
You can have things, just don't let them have you.
Ram Dass
Nana's jivin with this Future Tony Montano...bass got an ol bitch feeling young and jipper...
Good Morning :
Summer is literally screaming my name.
oh.
And duh.
took that for a couple weeks and decided insomnia was better lol
New Aaron Rodgers State Farm ad debuts this weekend.
Let's hope it won't be as irritating as the first.
thx buddy.
Non tech guy doing more than I should.
Fixed but not by me
Twice this wk coworkers used powwow as in quick meeting.
Do people have any idea what a powwow IS?
Gotta love the mid sized hundoctord dollar buy in tournaments!
Check out the new fish tishirt..
doctorwndead.net
that awkward moment when you send a message to the wrong person
Get it together!
omnomnom my dick
Why are nails in the street in the first place.
I aint got time to be changing flat tires in the rain
None of that don't matter.
Let's see what you bring to the table.
Be about it
u too!
Congratulations Bill Peek Graduate University of Georgia, dual major Business and Sports Management, only 3.5 years.
Outstanding!!!!121611
I was going to post a sketch a day here.
You may have noticed, that hasn't happened yet.
I only saw literally half of the show.
Hey there!
Can you email supportsimplymeasuredcom and we can help you out!
Alright, where's my coffee maker with the IV attachment?
straighttomyvein please I know knows what's up.
This deserves a repost today: RAND PAUL IS ACTING LIKE AN ASS IN NASHVILLE
Working on 3 presentations simultaneously  PowerPoint hell.
oh you already know
Foursquare is becoming the new place for guy to stock girls
thanks I love tan!
Finally met with my awesome power group buddy Troy Conrad!
U should just come see!
RT : I JUST fussed at your wife about dat braggin!
Don't make me come down there.
Lol
Hahaha.
I hope I run into both Olivas.
Diva storm!
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles!
yea 4 studio media : oh sounds fun about Emily I really don't wanna talk about it on twitter so just call me wen u get this
Hard to write when ur doctornk RT : : It's Sunday Night...leave doctornking up to the professorssionals.
MT We need a board game session...
// Keep an eye out for our thatcamp Games announcement next week!
loving the tax benefits of being married!
glad we got the nuptials in NYE :
The WACO Brothers and Hugh Bob  The Hustle tonight at 10!!
i know but i didnt know who i truely loved
Lol all the tweets with blah blah blah in it are mentioning Obama.
I thought they'd be about Keha's song blah blah blah P
Thank you for letting me be a part of this wonderful night!
Ortiz, Cano, Gonzalez, and the Prince will slug it out for the HOME RUN DERBY title.
Poker Quote of the night: To be a poker champion, you must have a strong bladder.
Jack McClelland
hm?
Except you just posted on Twitter!
sounds good
on using APIs: data and logic are the ingredients for others to use to do new things.
People living with Disability need solutions for full inclusion in work play PublicLife.
It's winwin.
Paola, I'm curious how do you decide when and when not to use words in your vocal music?
On my way to band practice, wish me luck...
singing a new song!
13 million in bonuses for freddie mac and fanny mae execs lol...
this is why ows exists
wooohoooo it's Friday!!!!
I don't believe we have a mobile app currently.
But it's in the works!
RT : Freshly baked goodies delivered to today!
vanilla saltysweets
My grandma just threatened to break someones neck!
The rage, hurt, and bewilderment in those six words.
I don't get why people fight.
There's no point Ur in high school, GROW UP, I mean c'mon.
Eager BootCampers: Fellowship decisions have been made  we're just waiting for the thatcamp mothership to confirm  notify applicants!
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
Albert Einstein
Boxing, for me, it's the beginning of all sports.
Omar Epps
MadonnaBritneyRulePop Lady Gaga is slowly shading out on music industry cause of her pathetic fans.
Sorry monsters, u stepped on 2 fan base
lol yeah.
he disappeared for a while.
those are all amazing videos!
We are planning on making a sweet vid this summer.
We can only hope to make it half as cool as yrs
I was just at Costco too and wondering the same thing.
Parking was a ZOO
This year really flew by, huh?
To everyone heading out already, have a great summer!
Enjoy the welldeserved break.
At it.
I was able to hang out with my whole family this weekend while working at We don't get to hang out enough.
It was perfect.
Finished setting up for UPPA spring market tomorrow from 85.
Come see us!!
hahah you gotta wait I'm laying down I don't feel like getting up to check
I think Brocade is stupid there too.
Foundoctor sounds like a place where you make shit.
Brocade sounds like snooty French bistro.
Relaxing now before I have to go shoot tonight again ..
phew:
LOVE this!
I'm reminded on a daily basis that everyone is fighting a great battle  better to be kind than not.
Should not be allowed to doctorve without coffee.
It was tough watching the Mallards get only one hit tonight before I left after the 5th inning.
Can nebody tell me how i got home please
...I really need to come up with a list of people for this FF thing....
Trying to wing it isn't so easy...
Stop changing the subject.
Right, and when you don't need those things applicative parsing is prettier, potentially easier to optimize, c.
In the car trying to beat the blizzars into Oklahoma.
Today is going to be a good day!
S/O to the family members who always bring soda, paper products, or a big bag of ice to the Potluck, and are the 1st ones to eat!
Though I initially resisted adding any more websites to the daily rotation, is legit.
Cool idea, cool site.
RT Chuck Norris 101 Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he stands on the porch and dares it to grow
hahaha, way to spell the name wrong!
Its Delancey!
Lakers at Thunder in the NBA playoffs.
Thunder won.
Garmin Wants To Be Tier One Car Audio Supplier  Satellite Radio Playground
Don't worry, I'll get there
RT : Dear biznology Welcome, Thanks for following!
Never in classes I took.
I only heard about him by Wikipedia'ing sociolinguistics
what is this...?
mickey mouse club?
ok ill dm you and we'll sort it
CE students spoke  the DC City Council oversight hearing.
Bowser acknowledged one student, Jacquan as a leader who holds gov't accountable.
cutting a kicker with an 87 success rate over the last 3 seasons makes a ton of sense.
Bet it???
lolRT : Never brag bout sex, just love to eat dat pussy before i bet it
Topic Personal Brand: A brand is nothing if you are not your true self
She's had no problems so far.
Is laptop an issue?
We only have laptops ...
if I die tonight from laughter, I want you to know that I always thought you were amazing.
Check out the new blog  I'm pulling articles from all over the web to keep you all interested!
Spent the day at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Collected enough images to photomodel about 30 major works :
archives and digitization of archives, lots of old documents and storiesclasses at library of congress some days!
l'm excited
Can't get no money if u sleep...
Im going to be crazy.
ok cool im b tht way tomorrow im gttin to the money in da white folks area
You can start and end your St.
Paddy's with us!
Brunch from 11 to 3, and Nite Owl specials after 10 pm tonight!
So excited for Christmas.
Literally counting down the days.
This episode is making me happy happy!
British: 'Helloo beautiful.
How are you my love?
Australian:G'day mate!
Canadian: Eh?
American: Aye shawty, whadup?
that sounds so pleasant!
Okay PhilPhillips has got to do a dmb song on americanidol this season that would be the best!
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
if the bears did a similar stock sale, would you or would you not buy some stock?
I sweaa each  every day out convos get more  more interesting.
We always gt sum 2 talk bout no lie.
Either we dead serious or playing.
:
'don't say that.
Just because that baby's white don't mean it look like the other white baby you know.'
That's nice!
coolaunt :
Alrite I will
Living in a right handed world.
lefty problems 
Successful run  Feeling so good right now.
Hm did you flip the SarcasmSwitch before making that tweet?
lol
Childhood memory: holding a clunky tape recorder to stereo speakers in order to record songs from the radio.
there are lines in which the singer imagines the important men of the town posing questions to him, all because he's rich.
any news of Portland and Jamal Crawford?
see prev tweet on Xbox DLC codes
couldn't be more excited about Jamie finally having a day off tomorrow!!
Thank you so much brooke for the mention.
Message me your email addoctorss and I will send you some songs MP3s cuddle up, listen and enjoy
People who are pro smacking childoctorn say, 'It's the only language they understand.' You could apply that to tourists.
Jack Dee
What story would you create with LideScribe?
Great 10x team to watch.
Please don't hate on If Amer wntd Rachel 2 stay then more ppl should have voted for her.
Theyre ALL good but room 4 1 winner.
Enjoy!
Thanks for using ShowClix.
Have a wonderful weekend :
If you're a foodie..
you should be signed up for !
That's just part of your 'foodie' responsibilities..
black man in a horror type movie.
Of course he dies bo lol
Himym on netflix.
Watching the amazing Pretty sure this makes my night amazing!
By Thurs: teach, grade a lot, pack, move, write 2 papers, do all other daytoday work stuff.
I like him a lot
Katherine Boo at Magers  Quinn last night: crisp, engaging, informative.
A treat for her readers and a model for touring authors.
Bravo!
Playoff Kobe  any other player
Maybe it's Maybeline.
Probably photoshop, though.
If you'll be at SXSWi this year, let us know!
We'd love to talk to you in Austin.
Never been this attached to someone ever.
can i get a follow?
thanks!!
i love you!
im such a big fan!
Up and coming bands: follow me, tell me where I can find your music, and I might recommend you and get others to do likewise
oi jay how does a snowman get to work?
by icicle : xx
Now you're making me cry...and my ears bleed.
woo, thanks!
what's your favorite song?
:
Emtek Products Atomic Modern Cabinet Knob amazing ...
PatsGiants!?
Now I'm definitely ready for baseball season.
Want to add more fish to your diet but find it too costly.
Try adding Tilapia.
It is delicious, nutritious and inexpensive.
yup just one more week left!!!
Good morning my pretties!!!
What are you all looking forward to the most this summer?
Besides school being out, I mean.
its been serious, now its getting ridiculous lol
does DelRio plan to get twitter?
RT overheard  office: collaborative calculator effort by  this is the hardest thing I've done all day
Ugh.
What a bore it was.
Nice!
VH1, now Jimmy Choo.
Do you sleep?
:
Sam I wouldn't mention if I didn't care, but in your bio on the MHE site, do you mean hawking?
So sorry to hear!
But you were close!
We hope another opportunity will come soon for you!
Is it over for Libyian revolutionaries?
Thank goodness!
We need more Apples like that!
Tried out at VegasSpringSocial.
Very cool, innovative piece of workout equipment.
All gyms should own one!
Finally awake from this nap!
Time to party.!
Hopefully meeting Joe Lawlor way up town tonight.
Flexibility has to be for both employee and employer to be successful.
ME!!!
Trap don't close...
LOVE HARD
Call for Speakers Deadline Is Approaching for Percona Live MySQL Conference in ...
MarketWatch
I love LGB.
6 mins curb to gate might be a new record.
Hardly Strictly Bluegrass!
I have to get out in it for a bit before settling into write today.
RT : Q10 Foodiechats via Community!
What is your AllTime favorite cocktail and cheers to 1Year!!!
I wanna take some portraits.
Let's go Red Sox tonight!
Beat Tampa Bay!
Miss you too happy girl!
A bunch!
This Mass Effect2 game will be the end all to my freetime which I have plenty
Allan Dershowitz always speaks knowledgable  logically on social legal issues
For parking my car in my garage, my car has a stupid amount of pollen on it.
Processional.
Like a boss
cracked me up on the show yesterday.
Madonna should take a lesson from Donald Duck.
we truly look up to the crew.
the finest people out there3 CrewLove xo
Reading The Wordy Shipmates by Sarah Vowell about the Puritans.
Interesting  funny!
why are perverts following me?
.
I make art to provoke thought.
I wanna visually stimulate your mind
I want an ultimate cheeseburger from jack in the box.
Sounds fucking amazing right meow.
It's at least watchable, but the link that I watched the iPPV on when I couldn't get the PAID stream up was
If I ever meet in life idk if I would hug or kick her for creating this Shredder workout collapses on floor
Agreed!
RT : Just as Dudamel is an inspiration for conductors, Deborah Borda is an inspiration for emerging orchestra mgrs!
student Cresval Announces Stock Option Grant
Follow me
how do ppl avoid BYOD or cloud and what is the discussion at interop if not those?
It's a Dave Matthews type of day on
Reminded that God does everything according to His plan in His own time.
we shouldn't try to rush or change it...
First rule of friendship...friends help friends it's not a one way street!
Laughter really is the best medicine
These kids look amazed asL
How can I donate for Haiti?
told my girlfriend about a news story I heard about the future worldwide chocolate shortage  the first time I had her full attention.
seriously what an idiot lol
For a second I considered texting while riding my bike.
I actually forgot and woke up weeks later in a panic.
My doctor thought I was nuts, which I probably was....
JBboyfriend2 without a doubt:
Success is the only way at this point...
Listening to some Panda Bear right now and it is working out quite nicely.
tryna rub in everyone your my favorite LESBIAN lol I LOVE U
The things that are behind you aren't NEARLY as important as what's in front of you!!
Look in the front window not the rearview mirror
misterMaiocco your gut feeling with less than a week away from the doctorft the niners take who at 30?
I Dont Want Austin To Go To Florida :' Im Cryingg .
Reminder: every day is MKEDAY.
Be positive, stay safe, and HAVE FUN!
Watchong smash on !
Fantastic!
I'm on a romantic call
have fun.
Enjoy the new skates.
hey you.
Im great, was thinkin about you.
Dyin to hear some new stuff from you!
Have a wonderful weekend love bugs:
How long can go?
Emily needs to bury the Graysons and spike the football already.
Hitting Windows with hornets and rubber bands like an hour ago lol
This black guy just asked me if I do my own hair..lmao....uh yeah!
Thank you for the follow.
Never say more than is necessary.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
its true RT : Shut up.
RT : they did do a study that said people with iphones are more likely to lose a fight
Thanks so much for everyone that made it out last night...
Hope you had as much fun as we did.
Now on to the next one at Sundys tonight!
doing nothing, u?

cool.
Send some pics.
Such a great episode, superb!
I usually do not pick a fight with coworkers, but fuck em.
RWNJs always feel free to speak their mind while we sit back and say nothing.
I grew up as an expatriate in Saudi Arabia for 15 years.
Saudia became horrible when privitization began.
Apple App Store Hack Makes Good Apps Go Bad
captainin america.....
Freaking awesome!!!
I can hear the ocean
it's not even my birthday
Why does every school have a half day except for coventry
The countdown to graduation in faegans is seriously depressing.
that sounded like Rod Serling scary
Im gettin money, thats in any nigga category, Double M I got Gs out in California.
Booked it with through clegs today.
Woulda been even faster if we started in the right wave.
Kudos to the race planners tho!
they may be easter nails but they're cute!
Lol.
nvm you get a  face
NICE!
Yes, please tell..what did ya eat?
You're welcome :
Listening to Stevie Wonder, working on my LIBR homework, watching libchat a good morning here in Shanghai
u ask I answer u first n u must do it,if you don't ,I don't need your follow.
My class's are so dang cold!
I want to go to the baseball game, but since I don't have my license, and I'm the only one up in this house, guess I won't be going..
Yeah the early bird gets the worm but the late bird gets to screw Ms.
Universe.
I don't smoke, but I do doctornk...now I got a little bit of math for you.
Hmm.
Water appears to be coming out of my attic
Good morning!!!!
Have a good one...even though it's really ugly outside...
Good game time for bed.
Night peoples
Salted caramel  Frangelico and Nilla Wafers?
Leaving in the a.m for the Dove's whose going?
Thanks for the shout out in the Nylon Daily for SF.
You guys are way cool.
Don't wait to be happy to laugh...
You may die and never have laughed
The way I feel, the comments I get, the way my clothes look, there's no way I'm going to weigh that much again  Ryan Pease
if Dolphins don't start Tannehill Day 1, they are idiots.
He knows O better, Moore  Garrard are not anything special.
Put him in
Some Pynchonesque ninja techniques: the Hidden Foot, the Vibrating Palm, and the Nosepicking of Death ...
totalassaultontheculture!
Yes!
That's the one.
Ashley Judd's one of my favs....great in several movies.
Certainly.
Do you have an updated will?
Uta Hagan We must overcome the notion that we must be regular.
It robs us of the chance to be extraordinary and leads us to the mediocre.
Those hunky twins, Nelson, had the 1 song this day in 1990 with Love and Affection.
I think yes.
Also that you should get doctornk because that's the opposite of mentally stimulating.
hi there
RT : Baltimore's clever strategy?
Repave major roads, make them easier to speed on, and line them with speed cameras.
Revenue!
fair enough
Feels a bit like fall on Ballard Ave tonight, luckily that'll change tomorrow :.
Back to yoga for the first time in a month.
Ouch.
Astros to AL...
Really?
Strongly dislike having odd number in both leagues  almost as much as proposed playoff expansion.
I own 5 different copies of James' Portrait of a Lady  all with my notes inside.
How did this happen?
it's like a literary clown car.
Dear Bigoted Voters of North Carolina, way to honor Maurice Sendak's death by putting 1 mil of your childoctorn's health insurance in jeopardy
a minituare one, that I could just keep with me
No Problem!
Glad to help out!
Hope you had a GREAT ONE!
:
Nobody?
Okay nvm then.
You know what never gets old?
This is some sht up with which we will not put.
we are!!
Never do either!
Buying 10!!!
Who knows!!
If it's meant to be its meant to be!
Whenever I see dogs I pee my pants poop in my bff mouth and throw up on my grandma
Nice one.
Good night for real...
I think.
A BIG shout out to our followers so far.
Thank you for the support!
Red hair or Brown hair, 13 or Victorious is always going to be true to herself and her fans  we will always stay true to her!
: Will I see you this weekend?
P
Great event at the Denver Rio Grande welcoming interested and new families to Team Summit Ski and Snowboard Club!
If the pacers did this good a while ago.
I would cheering for them
I'm dealing w/ irrational shuttle anxiety.
I just want to see it!
were r yall gon be at in memphis?
life is a movie, pick your own role
It's not their place.
My mess is the mess I know how to sift through; reorganize my mess, and I will struggle find things.
daily homeschool tip: put together a history film series from early man to modern times: popcorn and movies  history by stealth
At the Columbia Film Festival Opening Ceremony, celebrating with the awardwinners of the evening...
RT  Lots of roster shuffling in New England this preseason.
What do you think?
What's up, Nick?
He looked real good!
Make sure you give and hell in their final days.
Make 'em work!
haha
If Matt Cavanaugh really believes Tim Tebow has good mechanics, I'm pretty sure he should be fired as Jets QB Coach
Why the hell do people feel the need to spit in the street?
It's disgusting.
Thanks for the follow..I'm a big fan of P3.
My mom was my first editor too.
:
Welcome to HFC, Cultural Mission of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia scholar students..
TheAvengers was absolutely the best comic book movie ever!
Totally blew me away!
I love the teen years but I sure do miss when they were little enough to sit in my lap for bedtime stories.
Have to set up my daughters' school library.
Small, run by volunteers, wants automated library system.
What to use?
Koha express???
Ideas?
Still sorta sound like a frog?
Unfortunately.
Fuck.
got some great insight from nonprofessorts and grantmakers about how they seek and find information at yesterday's
Im sorry if you dont like me Im sorry if you think I suck but most of all Im sorry, I dont give a fuck.
Happy for you Queens fans.
Football needed to stay here.
: I want to know how much time I have put into Temple Run..
So glad I'm on top.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!!
I know your ready!!
gameON 
Congrats!!!!
RT: It's a girl!
Finally!
8lbs 4oz.
Name and photos to come.
Good bye indiana hello Kentucky.
When using screen in UNIX ctrl a, ctrl  d gets you out of screen.
If you're accidentally still in your outlook window, no bueno.
LOL it's from 's Spanish album!!!
x
Um...
where is everyone?
Only 3 of us here for the meeting.
Oh, make it 6.
this boy , will FOREVER  EVER have my heart 3 
ya he did a super late night blues show.
can't remember the name of it tho
Is there any inbrowser addon for FF or Chrome that can rip slideshows into a single page?
Maybe too difficult.
Got a C on Noboa's test, not bad 
Good Morning BFF's
Your sisters so cute :
This humidity and my hair are having a love affair!
We dont have a booth.
We are just walking the show floor.
Been here all week loving ctia!
The linux machines are getting some much needed attention today
Bitch, please.
My showers last longer than your relationships.
thank you!
yes  really wonderful birthday  see you in Newark on Wed.!
Usher got to me.
Im gonna cry on the way to school tomorrow no doubt.
Ill miss all my brothers and my favorite place in the world
Yes ma'am....and persistent
what happened?
PandoraFlow d''b
wow lucky ;
How come the apps not working on box?
I like this post.
Great info all across the board.
Good job Jeff.
YES.
And until then we can watch SuperBowlXLV on repeat.
I wish I was feeling better .
i LOVE your music guys : you should follow me!
dvr is my soccer buddy :
Happy 1 year anniversary to !
At Victor Tangos!
Ohh you don't like country music?
Well, good luck with your horrible life.
R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay 
You also detoxify the emotions u store with ur fat when u fast
I am who I am.
Im weird, Im lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random and stupid stuff, but I like it that way.
Every bad situation will have something positive.
Even a dead clock shows the correct time twice a day.
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
is wide awake
I love Satie.
These series of pieces are truly amazing.
I need a weapon!.
Ha i'm so scared but I'd rather laugh.
Stupid paranoia
it's no LaPerla, but yes it's fun!
You should join the party!
Haha
Goodmorning!!
Milwaukee it sure is windy today.
me 2 it was awesome i cant wait until wwe Raw tomorrow
...but I saw a coming soon panera sign in chelsea just the other day
Boat is out of commission boys.
Was supposed to have been sold by now but dude failed to come through..
YAY!!!
Just made my summer :
Who the hell is Tyler the creator...
I just bought surround sound for my room!!!
what Columbus hood are you in?
buy some cushions.
That way u r sure the cushions don't come with stains of things u want nothing to do with.
Most definitely happens in areas where currently Arabs live in Israel, but no one talks about it.
That's interesting.

np : will have a unique psychological and intellectual impact.
also lets people vent and exposes invisible good work of NGOs
I'm continually impressed by all of the multitouch developers out there  particularly today
Blizzard, maker of World of Warcraft, slashes 600 jobs
sweet!
When are you coming by?
3 Be thankful for those who are there for you in life.
Forget those who don't even try to be there.
Well that shows that you're missing some screws.
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become  Carl Gustav Jung
Grateful for !
Back off.
!!!
I ain't afraid to use this!!!
lmao idiot.
:
Silently screaming, I have to have you
yeah, that's cool!
I tried the other brand, but I'm sold on the original.
I meant wilshire
You speak the truth!
Foundations are most concerned about sustainability of programs though the national finders reexamining their priorities around media art.
Really, interesting.
I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
Wife making Christmas goodies and there is random Christmas music on in background
happy birthday, best friend!
:
I like to imagine recorded announcements in airports talking to the empty halls at night, when nobody's around.
that's a good description.
So jealous!
I 3 that place.
Have fun, cre8ive ladies :
transnational corporations have those balls in a vault located in a secret bunker!
You will see a change with a 3rd green party
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
LMAO!!
Love your uxdoctornkinggame.
Could easily have a designerdoctornkinggame If client says logo needs to POP...
:D
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I don't miss you.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thats why I am going to sue.
Lol homegurl at the bar thinks so 2 : hahaha I was telling my wife the other day that u looked like him!
Awww...
Cherry Street coffee bears!
Love it!
we should hang out on my birthday!!
june 4th : that would kind of be amazing.
And what did you order?
Catherine O'Hara is back from her to tropical St.
Martin!
They're completely ridiculous.
More of a mockery than a kit, I'd say.
I wasn't the one mad I sent you a link thinking you would be interested in it and you almost blew your head off
What do you think about green renaissance.
Just tweet what you think we are.
I am interested.
Nelly ft Janet 
Thanks for traking me down and thanks for the fun singpath  pycon.
I can wait to see who takes the prize next year!
I want some coffee .
:
Clippers/Mavs looks to be a killer playoff matchup.
are u with your old man?
If so I need some swamp ape and any beer from
Love was easy, when we didn't make it so hard.
If you are overwhelmed by your writing, bust out the crayons.
Write with those.
It's hard to feel frightened with a crayon in your hand.
Haha Italian leather u must be in someone else's house, Who's doctornk?
Have u had three beers again ?
Oh no
If u live in Orlando Florida rt rt
Vancouver, BC?
RT : sorry dudes but chest hair is not and never will be sexy ok stop doctorp and shave
Lol : Oh, you requested me on Facebook AGAIN?
I must have missed it the last few times, keep trying, I'll get it sooner or later
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.Napoleon Hill
Thanks, Ron
Whoops, I messed up that last tweet.
Hope you know what I meant
What a fabulous job did on FOX's Real Milwaukee!
Our Facebook page is almost to 1,000 fans!
Sluts unite!
thank you for following you never know what free giveaways we'll do and when, so make sure you follow us to be in the know!
You discovered a preview of expanded forecasting from 7 to 10 days.
We are sorting out the final bugs.
Stand by for launch.
Served a double late close today.
If you don't know what that means...
O well.
I'm tired and in need of booze and greasy food who's game?
Chiasso Opens Wilmette Location Chicago furniture retailer Chiasso has opened a new furniture store in Wilmette, Ill.
Read Full Article..
why are people taking Vick over Rodgers...it is like last year when people took Chris Johnson over AP
I was planning to get a library card this weekend, too :
: BREAKING NEWS Corey Hart is planning to sue McCabe
Ah.
I guess that makes a little more sense.
Facebook Groups at LSU provides resources, is restricted to students
So true!
RT : Solitude is a necessary human need
The MOST awesome indeed.
I love that even in a nationallyavailable webinar, I see someone I know in the attendee list.
:D
Gettin my first Wok on!
my travel coffee mug seems to have sprung a strange leak.
every time i take a doctornk it leaks right down the side.
god it's annoying.
Shut up bitch.
I've been in school for fucking 11 years.
I think I can not pay attention for 5 minutes and still be finee.
What an incredible Sunday School Class today by and at they're an anointed ministry team
Her face is paler than ever.
Her eyes look enormous.
They glisten like polished, black jewels.
LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
Whenever you see darkness There is extraordinary opportunity for the light to burn brighter.
Bono
Who's your favorite lyricist?
not arizona and ucla.
pac12 basketball is back!
After a long day McDonald's w/ daa cousin 
I am anything if fair.
So, I promise you each a crisp 20 bill from my MASSIVE winnings!
Screw them cali girls.
Florida girls is more like it.
Lmfao.
All in all, tonight sucked.
We do love Chelsey Handler!
We would to get an interview with her here in Portland OR.
Headed home from recruiting.
Found a few good ones.
Practice starts Friday with one thing on our mind.
Big sky champs.
who got you that?
Good job guys RT : Candlestick Outage: We're aware of the outage and are working as quickly as possible to restore.
i love my fans
: Brian just said the magic word: Trust.
dfwsem smcdallas dfwtweetoff do people trust your content and your authority?
i want to go to Houstons again.
maybe ill go Fri.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!!
Stop  Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Sean Putman.
Excellent topic!
Twisted Thursday, Untangle ME!
thanks to you..I have no shoes and smell like frogs haha
When it comes to success  selfawareness is the starting point.
All direction comes from there.
did I have a choice?
It was by far appropriate.
no exact date, but i have the house on june 1st!
im making multiple trips to slowly move in:
He wants the nipple bwahaa.
...broke a nail, and killed it.
That's a wrap for action pack shooting and voice over....
Now back to hotel for rest.....
Then back on set here in RI...
Hmm kinda makes us want to give a go  see if we agree.
I get that people are still pissy about Catwomans costume, but just remember its a movie about a grown man fighting crime doctorssed as a bat.
A little late, but thank you for the FF!
I can't imagine a life without creativity and imagination.....
its where knowledge and ambition come together to form your path in life!
how bout ur singing video?
Trying to determine if my course really needs a wiki, or if I am just jumping on last year's bandwagon.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.
Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
facebook: people in general do not like change.
so please stop changing so much.
or at least do it in small doses.
ty.
how do you like the iPad?
lol come on.
i've been waiting this long.
pujols.
Someone's gotta eat the blame for the money lost on that contract
Story time  is reading me CatchingFire 
is the guy who sells the Boyle Hts t shirts over there tonight?
MiamiDade Public Schools confirms that there WILL be school tomorrow.
Standby for updates as we get them.
Don't even wish..
Be proud of your nationality...
And my name is fheed..
Blane....
How king are yall singing and doctornking, lol.
You going on more than once?
Just curious, which weather station do you use for the temp at SantiamPass on ur newscasts?
Take Me With You!!!!
Take pics and post them on twitter.
It's better than nothing.
: 0
Bored ,text.
NE Portland woman gets car broken into, family mementos stolen, hoping you've seen them.
Photos, albums, tapes.
Let us know!
3 e's: expose, educate, and expand
extremely overrated...
Happy Anniversary to my parents, they've been married 16 years!
:D
Thank goodness I'm off on Sunday..are you?
Asleep.
Fuck me.
can I wear the medalion?
That guy's good at hitting a baseball.
RT : Fielder bp home run  from plate to where it stopped rolling  611 feet 
let me know when you get here!!
I'm betting we were right!
This all can help move your company from being good at marketing to being great says
hey thanks!
also the ceremonialmagic orgs reference went right over my head.
:p
no lol if anything you should buy me something!jk
..remember as a kid, that sence of peace contentment that enveloped into contentment?
Whether religious, political or just professorling the
Nina Dobrev is hot.
I want to gamify everything...
EVERY THING
FINALLY you're coming back to Houston and not playing numbers3 YAY.:
awe yea I'm always down fa d cause .
Whose is it  elements sat .
Just took a nap Time for dinner
Does your campus get caught doing this or is it just mine?
i shall teach it to u:D
AskMikey what did he feel when he first stepped on the abdc stage?
Shout out to denisse vasquez from kansas city
Had my Love going crazy yesterday my Baby was trembling n shaking.......
Then he just couldn't take it any mo Smile

FOLLOWED!
Thank you for the heads up
i Was So Tired , So I Didnt Come To School lol Sorry
It's a dark and stormy morning.
I hope all are safe.
haha thank you!
:D
jst staying in tonight trynna get some rest..
tomor, different story :
We rocked it !
pencil me in
Let's see how many more Ferris State interviews ESPN can show tonight.
bastard!
And we never even got to meet!
I swear I've met more UK, CA, TX, NYC  NJ tweeps than boston ones!
:
alright I'll meet you there!
No apology necessary.
They mean a lot to me too.
We have 2 more engineers certified on Mac!
That's a total of 4 Mac certifications!
It's there now!
lol he's a hater too
youll only be 4 hours away from me!
:
just watched Obama's Correspondant's dinner speech!
hilarous i  obama!
Don't miss the biggest party in Pittsburgh tonight at Static!
For VIP info email  few tables left!
the episode was epic love u and the cast
What a way to start out May!
I just called this heffa and she didn't pick up wow
New favorite on campus coffee shop ucla is full of suprises
What's up stranger????
THATCamp LAC campers in the , eat breakfast therelight breakfast in the library for dorm dwellers.
Coffee in the library.
Coming 2 u live on the flip side....
just getting ready to go see tonight at the riverside theatre in milwaukee.
You??
Powerhouse2012 Soul Swagger Ent/Island Def Jam Digi Dist.
JonnyTee Fresh Like Me Official Clipper Anthem.
YouTube Video.
Our singer wrote it when he first meet his his wife 3 years ago :
Affordable and Accessible health care?
Including full and equal access to health care for women?
Yes, Please!
for some reason i'm not ready to turn 24 yet
Ugghhh...just trying to survive the day.
is this about baseball?
If so, I am disappointed in you liking the Orioles.
If iit's NOT, eww.
Oh thats a unibrow?
Sorry, I thought it was a sweatband.
is hiring!
Why do we say our bodyparts are asleep?
Really isn't that bodypart more awake cause it's extra sensitive and reacts to every movement
all is well.
In San Fran right now.
BEHOLD!
Our Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap!
Served with your choice of sides and a warm feeling of making a fine lunch decision.
Being single again  my inner ho comes out.
So what your saying is it's okay for a guy to hit a girl..No!
DumbassMathTeacher!
Viva la revolution.
In the lower sections behind home plate.
RT : Question for anyone, Does Miller Park have WiFi?
thats ok.
I go for the baseball :
hi!...thanks
Walking to work hungover second day in a row.
Saw a greaser dude on a bike that I'm pretty sure is a model
sent that DM ;
I didn't know that until recently either.
There's a lot about ALEC I didn't know about.
Haha oh I completely agree with you there.
Have you been to San Fran?
Or what about Orange County?
Teaching  The Collective Today in NYC book a lesson.....POOF!!!!
How do I cite your work on sickness narratives in my new essay on medical authority in early modern letters?
Book or blog?
I'm really going to miss those highlyinformative political campaign ads.
That's why you have me.
As well as being your code and research monkey, I am also your sarcasm detector monkey.
Hey Kimberly  Thanks for the retweet.
Good luck with THE RIVER WITCH!
you a funny person
Tonight's Linux user group talk is about Arduino and Beaglebone.
And Weller is still making soldering irons and Xcelite toolkits.
I Dont Know !
:S
Lebron: best actor award of Game 5 in Eastern conference finals.
I would blame paying for jewelry but everyone knows that is reasonably priced!
who needs google when you have Dave?!?!
Not exactly.
The US government just said, let's allow the Treasury to pay for all of the spending we've already enacted.
Huge diff.
They will never know, that's for certain.
I mean, how could they.
is it just me or did that tweet trigger a bunch of spam?
Lol
I just watched an entire episode of Smash, and it wasn't because I was trapped under something heavy...
I have no explanation.
let time tell it all bro...
All it take is for it to get in the right hands..
Good luck Scott Darren Williams
oh.
Ok.
I can clean up.
Ill be up for awhile anyway.
G'nite you two
Economists at NE Univ.
in Boston recently found corp professorts captainred 88 of income growth b/t the 2 quarter of 09 and the 4 quarter of 10
got little white english kids  calling mutha fuckas nappy headed hoes...I CAN'T!
Hey girl!
Can you bring the iPhone charger downstairs sometime today  maybe hang with hungover Jason while Asher plays golf?
Tel your mom 4 me happy mothers day:
Happy Valentine's Day from everyone here at Joint!
Does anyone have any cool plans for today/tonight?
Ooh, the New Hazlett Theater!
Fancy!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
The Master of Kushes
Oh, one caveat.
I don't actually HAVE a floppy disk doctorve.
So that might be holding me back from having a symphony of 8 of them.....
Nice RT Keeping Austin Weird....meditation flash mob on the lawn of my office...on cars too!
Namaste.
yfrog.com/gyz79lxj
I love you too!!!
Whoo!!
ima pretend like you're not, where we watching the fight?!!
Stop tweeting
what move to Florida it's already been a yr from the time I said 2 yrs.
that was February of last yr
On to: Soulless by Gail Carriger.
Oh Ronaldo what a run but offsides.
Wow he was on.
Nice pass.
: I refuse to be a Baby Daddy...
nigga I can dig it
You just gonna move away :
Just came back from running 4 miles this morning!
In the Carolinas.
I must say that LuMurano chandelier image was awesome.
Couldn't believe what I was seeing.
You take great photos.
Moving.
..jus' linked up to ethernet ..
so much faster...
Day 53 of 100: I am thankful for feeling grateful in the wee hours of the morning.
Welcome back to Milwaukee, Hank Aaron.
commencement speaker was a great ballplayer, but is an even greater man.
Christin Crocker's 2RBI single gives South Alabama the 42 lead in the top of the eighth, one out, two on base.
I hate folding metal chairs
The block button is my new best friend.
I wish I had that friend I can call at night, not be embarrassed of them hearing me cry,  fall asleep knowing they're still on the phone.
I didn't change it!!
Haha it just hasn't fully loaded yet or something lol.
I just changed it.
Got the good jug ..
Timberwolves played hard tonight.
Ty guys
haha yussh: pretty great username, I know: you'll be addicted in a little while haha:
Without education, you're not going anywhere in this world
There are more than 5,500 childoctorn in Virginia ready to me adopted.
random excerpt from the news.
But a baby boy with whiskers, I never saw before....
In honor of Maurice Sendak, I will not watch the atrociousness that is the Where the Wild Things Are movie.
At the yof board meeting.
Just inducted Sudy kudva  Tyler Ronald.
Glad to have you guys!!
RT He can touch MC Hammer
: I like it a little burnt.
No, you don't.
You just suck at cooking.
so i just saw your videosand i think I'm in love?
Please be from Miami
omg, just cried seas watching that video made for  i love you so much, you're my inspirations!
: taco bell is disgusting.
amen.
where did he doctorp that missing ball?
made a strawberry banana smoothie...yummy!
delicioso!
:
8th graders are so stupid
I am in the worst fucking mood.

wishing you plentiful unicorns and a rainbow of skittles in your mouth on your birthday  you big beardo.
YEAH do u play any sport???
i do volleyball and gymnistics
Ugh .
Ice Age 4 ...
not coming soon enough !
We had a productive day.
gigging bro
YouKnowItsRealWhen you care.
opens doctorp down box.
last option is report as spam.
this will block them from your list of followers as well.
Packed house at the funnybone.
Showtime.
Let's laugh it up
The odds of being born male are about 51.2, according to census.
If you don't have software yet to explore and test your user experience, start with a competitive product.
FF Our Musicians/New Order
Only a female would go to a home depot to save money on bottled water haha
Just woke up thankin God for another day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh goodness.
Cool!
rt : Yes, I did!
It was pretty good, not everything it was hyped up to be, but still ...
no gave up our 3rd and 5th
: Can't believe my sister actually has a doctorve your tractor to school day !!
Hahahahahhaha
I only eat the caramel filled chocolates out of the heart shaped containers filled with candy that u get on Valentines day.
Why do ghetto ppl think they look good?
Negatives: cancelled going to my fave, IA Summit; en route to mourn uncle's death.
Positives: mediated successfully today; pneumonia done.
Your home away from home!
Come celebrate the end of the school year with
the only thing that keeps me going is Austin
IGoToCoralParkWhere we have Rick Ross and a white Snoop Dogg as securities
no gunfire tonight?
None here.
Quiet night.
Today is goin by TOO slow.
Ugh.
NYC friends, go see my sister!
RT Come visit me  my jewelry at today!
I have a table from 107
I salute you,
Dude sitting next to me on the trolley is sporting a disc man...
Awesome!!
YES.
That is also on the list!
so excited that I get to wear a doctorss today!
and I'm going to put away winter clothes tonight!
it's called scattered showers for a reason sweet heart which means it ain't raining everywhere....duh Paige ;3
great analogy about house burning.
Agree there are much better builders/contractors to rebuild.
He should have seen signs.
Congrats!!
My whole praxis was on speech science...still not sure how I passed!!
Someone should bring me a sprinkled donut to school tomorrow.
I promise i'll pay you back 
GoodMorning ;
Moving Meditation class based on Contemplative Dance Practice tomorrow at 11:00 All levels Welcome!
17
Join us for Happy Hour tonight!
57 pm.
Enjoy 2 hrs of 241 specials on all wines by the glass!
Stop by!!
RT if you like fast food
Yay Clippers!
Now Heat and Pacers.
Pacers looking good!
F the Heat!
good good good.
And you?
oh congrats on your graduation!
lol yes it is ; I stayed right down the street the hard rock...might have a hot new artist to send your way too
Rosetta's Kitchen and Tupelo Honey!
: Oral stimulation may just be the trigger to wake your Capricorn sleeping beauty!
HYFR :D
Tell me you are bringing some love into my home today RT : iight.
Who are these Eagles?
Wow.
Tonight's Special: Smothered Pork Chops Over Rice w/ Cornbread!
Sex is on my mind
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon J.
Suenes
I also HATE this picture I have right now 
:D yayayay.
Well I'm sorry I didn't bring you any back.
I'm such a jerk.
World Cup Soccer for Monday: Japan vs Cameroon 7am  Paraguay vs Italy 11:30am  Netherlands vs Denmark 6:30pm
followed u ; 
People I wish would tweet: Lewis Lapham, Rob Brezny, Mark Morford, Laurie Anderson, NN/G, Stephen Hawking, Dave Eggers, Edward Tufte...
this girl told me bout 1...
movie25 .com
I have 6 different brands of highlighter
when can I see you
thanks for the follow!
If you ever are looking for a speaker on talent management initiatives, let me know!
With term life you will pay a small fraction on premium amounts each month, compared with permanent insurance
Best of luck David.
You've done good work here.
O HAI!
The Library as Indicator: Evolution or Extinction
The chosen forever aloners
I do!
After experiencing Christ's unconditional, unfathomable love, how could I ever be the same?
sure sweet doctorams bro
you goofy
Yo 2011 what did you do that you didnt get a chance to do....?
In 2012 it's time to do it cause your time is precious,life short so Liveluv
Thanks so much for mentioning our organization!
You're welcome!
We're skating hard and trying to keep our stick on the ice!
Starting out Day 2 at wla12 with Programming with a Boom!.
Hello, LIS 560 paper fodder.
Gov.
Scott Walker's new jobs numbers show 57,000 swing in job creation last year, going from negative to positive.
Congratulation, I'm your 3,400th follower :P
Michellebells88 a kickback wit beer pong tables, music playin, bbq and ppl swimmin if pool aint too cold lol
you never text me back though.
Happy trigger, medium girl, personality traitor, antibionics, cuddlesome, idiot armor, Lou Robinson: never revenge, never regret.
You jus mad cuz girls only want you cuz you got good hair lol
No, really.
I am about to make it a sleeping bag.
RT : so, anyone want a ginormous steampunk my little pony/hello kitty bag?
welcome to twitter!
The argument that tradition dictates that marriage should be between a man  woman is utterly ridiculous.
Tonight is a great night to reassess goals and focus on the things you are most passionate about.
What's a makeover without a celebrity makeup artist to work her magic!
Thanks Johnson's for sending to the MomsFF Suite
I do agree on the no party plan bvut I didn't make the rules and try to pick the lesser of two evils.
Scheduled?
You don't have to schedule an oil change at Express Lube.
We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
Wow.
Just had major 'sleepy voice' on the radio this morning.
There were three different times during his run around the bases where a little more effort would have been enough for Castro to be safe.
: nobodysawthat We saw that
Thank you,
Just when you think it's good it's not.
Yes!
DM us your email addoctorss.
Thanks for considering!
did you lie lol I'm waiting to see pauley...
its way past 10...
:
Watching Paul mooney instead..
Everyone rolls through stopsigns here in California.
Are you a Tennessee Williams fan by choice or osmosis?
:

The Tennessee Secretary of States office is backlogged and is currently taking about 2 weeks to complete UCC search requests.
Tell us about the largest fund raiser you were ever a part of.
Best will be featured in a new blog!
I'm pretty sure he looked at me as he was leaving though haha
I really don't .
I'll keep calling until you pick up cause now you made me mad .
Getting to bed b4 11:00 ....good night
Memorial Day liners from your favorite country artists, and Brad Paisley talks about his new album!
Up now in Artist Audio!
Yup!
How long has it been since I actually like...
Saw you though?
Luther is a fantastic show.
As far as movies go, watch Street Thief: Who is Kaspar Carr; otherwise Hawaii, Oslo is also great.
I think I slept with a boulder lodge against my shoulder last night.
Ouch.
I need a massage.
we should trend hornyforjustin again LMFAOO.
i wanna see of jeremy will tweet this better not be about my son
Going fishing with my good and guideworthy friend.
yes they are, but unfortunately they are only on sale till may 1st,
technically it's people who repost their foursquare checkins to twitter.
'cause lots of us don't.
i just stop following them.
im already following u it say im taychill1 on instagram
RT Its hard 2wait around 4 something u know might never happen; but its harder 2 give up when u know its everything u want.
It's a lovely day to be heading to aam2012.
Excited to help w/5:15pm Idea Lounge on Future of Museum Ethics!
Today was full of surprises.
All good.
lol jk.
im not legit mad at you.
IM mad at abel though 
I prefer not to be on the cover
Im from baton rouge but stay in westmemphis stackin'
I Truly Need Some new Followers
I have a huge crush on :
I need more energy to finish this first round EvE article.
What is your favorite type of necklace?
A.
Rosary Bead B.
Link Chain C.
Curb Chain D.
Ball Chain E.Spiral Chain
Heading home from C12LV.
Had a great time talking to Oracle Webcenter customers, partners, and C12LV attendees.
I gotchu what's your email
Impromptu dance with the other night; I'm an instant fan.
Thanks very much for posting and RTing our UnCompetition Project!
Looks pretty cool.
and that's walter kazee
Goodbye April.
To sum your month up, you were STUPID.
March ROCKED.
Bring on May!
You tell me you had sex last night  you tell me that you like me a lot, your a whore
U better hurry uhp nd txt me
okay texting her now.
Are you doing okay?
I miss you very much :
Best song ever
Grilling and unsupervised use of power tools.
It must be summer
Jonny Flynn  Luke Babbitt will start tonight for the Blazers tonight against the
O.A.R.
still better than
DWTS needs to call chadevans2!
wronglyconvicted for a murder w.out physical evidence?
That's crazy!!
Wake up mister Governor in NH!
WAKE UP
I came up with a bunch of hilarious tweets when I was showering and now I cannot remember them.
I still have not a clue what to wear!
Huge thanks for the FF!
Have a great week
No school for me today...
Since you live in Florida you should do a concert in NORTH FLORIDA..
maybe Jacksonville , Florida ; ...please?
3
YAYYYY!
Ill throw down boo!
Just Sent A Fye Ass Beat!!!
appropo for your location
Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid
vcu will foul and milk several more seconds.
My ex is bringing home boudin.
:
Prepping for 1st trip to London for
RT : Q3 How does LoD differ in corporations vs academia?
Last meal in Anaheim CA before flight.
Mission accomplished.
Seriously, stop complaining about all your injuries until you experience a REAL injury.
You play soccer.
Suck it up.
that's graduation day isn't it?
San Diegans, where R U watching the PhillyPittsburgh hockey game?
What bar?
One of my minions wants 2 leave wrk early  I'm going to help.
Thesis is rolling right along.
So far, I've gotten 10 survey responses and 1 CV.
What can I say I love me some females lol To b real, I do know when a girl says no.
Just naughty tweetin u, love ;
Nice to see both of you yesterday.
Cheers to getting away from the desk!
Our pleasure.
Let us know how everything goes.
:
Aww my teeth are starting to hurt :/
LmaooooRT : Just saw a chick instagram that owns a birkin in deadass every color ...
Shitting on my entire life lmfao
These girls are dustier than my now 11 cd
are you going?
Thanks ubericon for celebrating the monorail's 50th birthday in style!
I have so many deep and interesting thoughts that need to be documented on the internet forever
American idol
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
It's a new beginning 3
ahh aight then I'm not gonna say hi :
Work, graduation party, work, graduation party, work  Awesome weekend!
can we have a sleepover?
I can seriously fall asleep at the doctorp of a hat lately....
Scary when doctorving!
U gone learn when she start giving the next nigga what she use to give u
Can't wait any longer.
Let's do this ish already
HELLO WORLD JUST WANT TO GIVE SHOUT OUTS TO THE REAL HUSTLERS IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW YOU GET IT JUST AS LONG AS THE OUTCOME IS INCOME : :
Up early, listening to Junk Bond Trader.
Today should be dope.

Seriously dude, it's DIETribes ;
Just ate a lot of Chinese  now Alex persuaded me to go to the gym because he's going to teach me some weight lifting moves.
agh u asked me to guess!?
see now u gotta give details lol
twitter says I'm following you.
Are you sure?
lol yea thats bad thats y i always have a stash jest in case
The police are out!
Be careful yall!
Thanks for the listings!
Anyone want to play some racquetball around 6:30?
Step into my office
going to be in Vegas in jan..
anyway to get peepshow tickets?
Big news coming our way...
stay tuned in the next few days!
wuts up keith
remember when you would always make me laugh during Spanish class in 6th grade?
Omg.
We were loud!
I'll treat you with respect and love.
You'd never have to worry.
I'd always be there for you.
I'd make you smile everyday.
RT if you're at
Ready for Saturday to come, so I can see oomf:
yeah.
I know what you mesn
Show us your pin tooor some sort of teaser image/ text to make us click through.
I go to a book for more information.
It's slightly disappointing when I do not find it.
Too many unforced turnovers for Lakers
Thank you!
:
Live streaming now for horns  rhythm retro hymns.
Lord knows I'm about to blow up
Last day 3 , summer summer summer!
Getting ready for spin class!
Thanks for the fabulous writeup Stephanie, and for helping us get the word out!
Great hearing that from the 1 resource!
A person who always has that glow you can't explain, you should go talk to them.
Small  of cursing.
Needs to be used sparingly to doctorve home a specific point.
I have to wash dishes....
I HATE doing this!!
UGH.
SHOW ADDED!
Britton Tavern  Fishers Thursday March 8th 8:00p start time
New iPad to Launch early this year
79 Friday ...
82 Saturday for Ladies night...
Wow!!
Im posting CoolsCamera photos and editing video tonight.
Club MIXX!
No not every meal needs to stay in this range but just be careful of your daily intake of carbohydoctortes
Valentines day scmalentines day
Thanks darling :
Yep, didn't sleep last night.
Again.
Super awesome.
Happy Mother's Day to the BEST mom and friend in the world  mine!
wishes I lived with him.
the grave, so that mankind could be saved from the penalty for sin, and spend eternity in peace, joy, and a new life, because God loved us..
Library faculty meeting with the provost soon ..
quite jittery, because I don't know what to expect at all.
Kobe is actually sitting out due to injury?!
Maybe the world IS ending in December...
Hey Dears: I'll be in NY next month; gotta see ya...
ShootMeNow oh wait BEAUTIFUL
80 degree weather today love Cali
Peace  love my dude!
Holy moly.
Homeless Angelinos have camping tents to sleep in.
As well as the hottest kicks discarded by Hollywood
Basic generalized sports comment that everyone has already said
4:am forever
I'm compelled to take a camera out and shoot something!
With out of commission someone's gotta film!
give me some
Best of Luck Carol!
RT : We're looking forward to the Beauty Bus event this weekend at the House of Blues Sunset!
thanks!
You too!
RT ireallywant to be a kid again because it seemed like everything was so easy.
Happy Birthday misterTechguy.
I hope your family feeds you more than Thanksgiving left overs.
can't wait to see you, too!
My most convincing pickup line to the ladies remains At least I'm not a Kennedy, you'll be fine.
what.the.fuck
Somewhere Armando Galarraga and Jim Joyce are shaking their heads.
is rehearsing the lines for his upcoming episodic principal role as the security guard on the USA Network Television Series Burn Notice.
i'm so going on an unfollow spree lol
Just spent 30 mins putting my class schedule into my phone's calendar.Sad thing is that was the most productive thing I did all day.
Thanks for recommending us!
Sending some followfriday love right backatcha!
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men.
Joseph Conrad
I want to listen to my heart, but my brain just doesn't let me.
I should clarify: this year's PD involves taking notes on using Sharepoint program so I can take notes for PLC.
Think it's a bad sign or a good sign that my waitress right now is wearing a steelers tshirt?
I flipped my mom off.
She didn't care.
Can't wait for the Daytona 500!!!
: i go every year with my daddy 3
steph and Hanna liked that movie a lot.
Its a good kids movie
I'm not saying I'm right but I'm not wrong killed me to do it but it had to be done.
Ahh!!!
End of summer.
I wish I could snap my fingers and be done!
Editing the edits.
Reddit threads scale shockingly well.
Does United know?
I can't tell
My daughter has basically been sick all week  now my son is starting to 
Having trouble posting logos onto Facebook pages.
Use auto detect by FB, but it pulls the wrong logo.
Is there a secret?
True But Hell HAlf Of Da True Bops And Hoes Ainn Even Really On Da Page
partially, yeah.
I'm still trying to unpack this for myself.
And this isn't all responses, either.
Some seem better than others.
QOTM: Are you testing my right eye?
Because I don't have a right eye.
but oh well
Nobodys a virgin...
life screws us all.
Yet again, impresses me with their customer service  speedy security check.
Thanks for helping this trip start right!
I wanna go to hooters tonight to watch the thunder game 3
i'll take NY in any kind of weather!!
GDC have a great lowtech recruting booth, but showing HardenTheFuckUp video  getting more attention than the most  booth
looking for dogfriendly restaurant in clt.
Already tried revolution pizza in noda.
Is there anywhere in southend or elizabeth?
I just saw you have no tweets.
I'm bored.
Let's start Quacker.
I saw your fab team on Friday!
Missed you!
Cool!
Quinn's at 7.
I'll be there.
Saw discovery out the window of our office.
aww i guess : where do you livee?
That would be so much fun!
Any chance we can get Gray to move the location to Florida this year?
Samardzija is off to a great start this afternoon.
Glad to see him in the starting rotation.
great hair!
Morning Monkeys!
Ashtanga starts at 10am today with Marissa at our South Miami Treehouse!
Graham dining hall
I know, right?
Cheap entertainment :
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
I cant believe that Lee DeWyze is still trending at 1.
I hope crystal Bowersox wins.
She has had my vote since her first Janis Joplin song.
Shoutout to our newest TWEEPS!
Thanks for following us!
No great leader in history fought to prevent change.
and what have you ever won?
Find a real story.
very slowly but very surely
Bonne St.
Valentin!
I Should Be On T.V.
They Way I TellAVision...
Best line in a movie by a good looking woman...Get him off as fast as u can Demi Moore A Few Good Men
no problem
They're playing Christmas music in WalMart.
AH!
Learning how to be influential where I have no true authority.
How will you feel when you finish that task you've been putting off?
Let that feeling propel you into action.
Tally ho!
of course I do!
:
I knew what you meant :
Not the same OD without the TribeTalk!
RT : Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans!
With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
What am I trying to prove!
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON...LOL
We have a bunch more from the trip!
Should we post them?
Didn't want to go overboard?
:
Thinking about switching my hours up a little for the summer
All you care about is fruit and touching yourself, fuck you.
wishing you the best day!!
I am so ampeed about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight.
All of my Plus Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
possible news interview tomorrow on the Matthew Turner story
Kansas State Wildcats 3/8  Powercat Heart  Pendant  Gold Plated Jewelry
no, unless you mean the grown men slapping each other with foam swords at summit city.
a plastic wallet for leavers book to go in ha x
Love my new followers
I should be studying.
storyofmylife No Just Kidding I will......in 5 minutes.
It's funny that everyone is making a big deal about Jeremy Lin's ethnicity.
Then they interview him with a backdoctorp that says MSG
When you block someone from your tumblr, they can still see it.
Thanks for cussing me out.
You're so mature.
It's Just Begun, Apache and Sex Machine!
it's a good club to be in!
Sampan was AWESOME!!!!!
Thanks to Jonathan  the Lowes for the recommendation.
Ah, I wanna perform at teenhoot so bad..
Wont be Happenin when i get this WIP though!
lol that's pretty cool!
Ok kiddo safe travels  keep in touch!
Heh.
But you wouldn't want a behemoth dog spitting on that!
I don't care if she slobbers on the Focus.
RT : I wish Rachel and Susan knew how MUCH of an impact they each had.
Incredible and inspiring legacy.
Be still my heart.
She was one of my first crushes.
: We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me.
ah I love you so much 3
Enchilada sauce with a fusion of Cuban and Creole flavors, way better than your average red sauce from Tonita's Kitchen...
couldn't agree more.
From our experience, good editors are an extension of their writers and their biggest fan.
Ive watched this baby grow  Im so proud of my team every year who helps to make this thing a reality for Sacramento to enjoy
Is so gorgeous3
: come to Jamie's!!
I'd love to work with you all!!
Obsessed over Jamie's all weekend ;
could be cool to glitch that whoah into a secondary post chorus hook where it hits 2:42 fun track too!!
you re gonna probably look so different !!
Still I'll always love you I'm a true mahomie a.a.f 3
GET OUT OF THE HOUSE TODAY, AND VOTE!
CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN, OR LIBERTARIAN!
VOTE!
pffftI am the smartest follower u have...a lb of feather weighs  bcs gold is measured in troy oz which is only 12 instead of 16
Who says, cookies are perfect for any meal!
Malinowski: while in protest against Formula1, they see riot police and people run back, his first taste of pepper spray
Went outside to smoke a cig and a cat I've never seen jumped on the porch, ran up and rubbed its head against my leg, seems apropriate
Do you have like marijuana card 
I have a black card and your broke ass gotta debit .
Thank you for the RT!
Great seeing you, too!
I knew I recognized you!
well the people that KNOW the truth wont stop following..
i know i wont:
You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you.
And you're welcome.
Palazzo pants!
Wish I had saved mine from the 70s, I imagined myself a short version of !
As is this amazing free agency frenzy.
As fans, what did we lose?
HOF game?
I'll live.
Lack of Hard Knocks hurts, tho.
I believe the key to a great commencement ceremony is keeping it focused on the students who are graduating, and keeping it brief...
you up for dinner next week while you're here?
and each generation finds its own ways of being exceptional
can never go wrong listening to the Good call.
RT : President O: National Hearing on Contraception The Man Show :
Giants kick a field goal and end it.
2017 Too bad Niners.
You played great.
It's a Giants Patriots Super Bowl.
Then again, they're gonna attract even MORE band sluts...
that you're gonna have to get rid of.
;
so does anyone watch the commercials you can skip on youtube etc....
I mean ...
why would you...
Check your emails as a new monthly special should be in your InBox.
At a wedding tweet at me what your doctoram wedding would be like :
nwpam11 someone told Deb Meier that she could have been a university professorssorand they thought that was a compliment.
Thx 4 Interaction FF I get busier, tweets dwindle...
how do I reverse this trend?
needMOREtime!
who is Washed Out?
Or are they saying that covering Wicked Game is washed out?
Still a good song!!
TheBeatles are now availible on iTunes.
In other news, oxygen has been discovered on Earth.
that I don't doubt
Insomnia during WESTEST week isn't good.
Damn ATM ate my debit card...
...and of course I did.
Thought I'd be sorry, but now I'm just impressed.
Also, great book rec.
Sanj is hooked on Game of Thrones!
ha , ifeel you
Perfect idea RT : Dont require to register on FB to watch a video but if you do you get benefits CEO
At that rate I am Definitely on my way!
Happy Tuesday for me  our secretary is picking up lau lau for all of us at Yama's today!
Is 'Pain and Gain' still filming in Miami?
Anyone know?
Wondering what's up with the Cambridge MA water main rupture....
Sidewalks and streets collapsing?
Gas main also ruptured?
Huh?
Extremely disappointing loss in overtime by the Kings in Stanley Cup playoffs resulting in elimination.
Had very good season though.
Definitely need to go back to Cali sooner than later
Aww...Thanks!
He's just lucky I have my followers to make that overall reach much larger than if it were just him alone.
Playing Balderdash at Intersection for the Arts!
The word: CALLIPYGIAN
thanks!
Found police scanner radio app.
It's free  has a police code list.
Wish I had this when neighbor's meth house got raided.
Log onto facebook and open the thing I tagged you in..It's freakin' hilarious!
I'd love to talk with you!
In a Facebook seminar today Heshie.
New SFGiants road unis have a black trim to them.
Look a bit old school but can't quite place era.
Also can't decide if I like 'em
My iPhone 4 is great...aside from the fact that it barely makes calls.
I guess it is better than strapping the iPad to my head.
5 years ago: A U.S.led coalition operation supported by NATO troops killed the Taliban's most prominent military commander, Mullah Dadullah
They THINK they're trolling
Need to get this tatt touched up
South Dakota?
Link please!
: VC deals today in both Mississippi and South Dakota...
Good to see some disbursement distribution.
: Eric Johnson  Head of Outreach  Consulting, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Resident Nice Guy
Wendy williams look like a damn bunny in this commercial lolol
Then tried to access webmail, but aparently that site is down?
Same sex marriage is fine.
I don't think you should be able to marry outside your fanbase.
THAT is a huge problem.
Fear factor is one of the highest watched reality show.
Sweet!
so glad you're staying a Colt : Congratulations 98
sxsw.
Sandy, what a great presentation this morning.
Great data, great insights.
Nice.
I'd go to that, but I'm not spending 50 just to see Garbage and Silversun Pickups.
Only one on twitter.
RT : only one old guy rant today, you're off your game
They say bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
never was nor will be a Celtic fan Over here....
Moaning noises why ?
so far so good.
Waiting on the fight tonight you?
I knew someone once that said he didn't like Strawberry Sundaes.
What a freak.
lol
Thanks!
It was such a fun gig!
Watching Oklahoma destroy the nuggets...
M why does the word nuggets make me hungry :
RT Sneak preview KeeperOfThedoctorgonSword on my blog.
Géra'sGift introduces the series
Stop on by, we have it and more!
The BIGGEST FF to hubby who lights up my life and makes my home a better place.
6oclock cannot get here soon enough
u r making me blush!
:
Mornin' sunshine!
One after another, cars stall after doctorvers fill up at an Austin gas station.
What's the problem in a live report.
awww you mad ?
RT : when you make a parody account, I can't take you seriously
I love that movie.
Can you imagine giving 50 in the 60s?
wow...thirteen days i've been absent from the tweet...i might get held back a grade or be forced to take summer classes...sheesh
sorry about that.
We are looking forward to seeing a show soon.
I was taking graduation pics today ,  the photographer told me I look too young to be graduating 
Yo!
Follow Back  it's Aaron
Wife to A Mom, Grandma, CoPastor of Rivergate Church Tulsa, OK, Hungry for more of God!
Obsessing over Wordpress stats.
I just want to break 75 today.
Come on.
Have the spirit of 76.
I wish I could, Elisabeth.
Google has not yet given me any invitations yet to send out for the Wave preview.
Yes!
Thank you for the love!
RT : was beautiful...
Beyond words....
I am in awe of tonight
You know the new music video Christian is in?
You should follow the singer in it!
:
RIP, Jose Lima.
You can have anything you want if you will give up the belief that you can't have it.
by doctor Robert Anthony
wow good morning america....
I cant wait to see it
Senor  Dale.
Think it's let's go.
Boom.
Ok so I asked her!
No wait.
I'm gonna watch Aliens on blu ray.
Gift from my brother.
Tell us why you should win the iPad or lunch for two.
The post with the most Likes win!
totally understandable, thanks anyway!
Next time
sure you dusting of your sequins for next weekend!
haha I love that he said they should roll the dice what a clown
But I like you guys.
We're friends.
I think so, at least.
We don't have to like all of the same stuff.
Ah.
Grrrrr.
UgH.
Not enjoying this morning.
yuck pea soup look like baby do do lmao
yoooooo shun!
Look out your window and tell me what happened :
Family  where life begins and love never ends.
Decided i will only doctornk as fast as I can make ice.
Good thing I have two ice trays.
found out yesterday I'm having a girl!!
:
IF YOU MESSIN WITH YOU'RE MESSIN WITH ME.
SAY SUMN...
You picked a night to watch Raw with the return of the
Thanks for teaching me how to alter color codes in html.
So fun!
I MISS YOU AND LittleJacob :
RT Stormdoctorver Entertainment movie contest is live!
Write a funny scene ending and have it made into a movie.
Check out our pa
Of course, darling.
Have a lovely evening!
iWish Love Didnt Exist ..
Then No One Would Get Hurt
Indeed!
' Thanks!
I called Oakes to preverify that tweet.
He hung up on me.
I know, me too.
It's really one of the few shows left that has merit.
Two ads: red bull zebra; clever.
Expedia stitch; fucking stupid and annoying.
Do marketing departments get raises or fired over this stuff?
Oh lmao!
xD I can never remember their names ;;
haha I wanna go soon :
I usually don't like that loud stuff, but The Air I Breathe is pretty cool.
c;
I approve!!
Only lazy hipster bands still use MySpace
That would be fantastic!
It's a very hands on tutorial, attendees would need a laptop and table.
I'm following my friend!!!
omg i love ur twitter background where did u get it?
oh I c
dameon Fun to be on the live a life you love panel
one main reason i missed is because i wasn't able to mess with her  all her mistakes ':
You will free yourself when you learn to be neutral and follow the instructions of your heart without letting things perturb you.
I really want to see Ichiro Jones get a chance to play everyday.
I know how clever I am saying that after 2 hr's
Mental toughness is not letting anyone break you.
Jimi Mitchell
Corrected: Apple's iPad boosts FT online subscriptions
Its gonna be alright
Unfortunately he didn't have any recommendations.
Said his wife is a better cook than any of Chicago's Nigerian restaurants.
might be smart, better to have a healthy body than hobbling around...although its hard to admit
nooi, gas station
major changes coming soon!
You beautiful no matter what...
yes im seeing it everywhere
Make it an Irish and we'll talk...
Yeah, 's PR people need to get their act together.
i hate fatt bitches tht think there cool !!!
Did you add a dash of clear vinegar to the water?
That helps the egg hold together.
CFF, ,  The Morning Blend.
Tomorrow!
heck yea!
I'm gonna lay out in the sun for just a few more mins and i'll walk back!
:
11:11 you are my life; my wish is you pls pls pls see this
cool i'll get to work on my yacht wardoctorbe
I haven't been able to turn my 4g on all day, and my 3g is so slow.
WHAT IS THIS TORTURE
Lovely night with the formerroomie, current world traveller.
This house has been full of friends since I moved in  the way one should be!
Your back in ATL!
Now all yu gotta do is a live preformance for your ATL Beliebers!!
:
I love the way he dance.
33
You're not lonely.
hey Taraji...how are u today
Cherry bombs  car bombs  not a good thing
Oh, thank you!
RT : Thanks to for mentioning you.
Very glad to have discovered your beautiful blog.
The worst feeling is walking behind your crush and his girlfriend.
I have no idea what that means.
As a 'broadcaster' you should be able to effectively convey your message.
Why?
Are you looking forward to a Corona?
:
its been storming all week.
like dang, can i SLEEP?
The previous pic was from the Wall Street Journal.
I'm a country fan, truly am.
But even I think this song might be a little....tired?
Thanks for the ShoutOut!
RT: Great day to smell the gym a lil bit...nice lil workout/shooting n som rehabREHABBING WHAT?
:/
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
Is it safe to say that Coach Calipari is a great recruiter, but average coach?
Help support PB's upcoming production of Tape by Stephen Belber!
Mail your taxdeductible donation to PBTC, PO Box 1645, Milwaukee WI 53201.
I have to get some blood work done...turns out, I'm asthmatic/something bad that makes me die from running.
But I'll be there!
LMAO u retard!
I just saw this.
HAHA!
Can't they make a tear free onion?!?!
Weird.
I woke up to the same situation.
And I had an 8 am call time, so I panicked thinking I over slept.
I swear it's impossible to do revision without eating loads of junk food...
It was great meeting Heather last night.
Hope she enjoyed it.
She was truly a BIG help to the production team!
I got a separate account so that I could chat all things not sports with my close Twitter peeps.
sockets and r in the building at figure8 .
: follow us !
ha best of on Spotify, awesome
So I got the most beautiful Mother to be card from yesterday.
Brought tears to my eyes.
I think the differentiation is kinda silly.
Yes, they have different connotations, but quotes is a perfectly valid abbreviation.
Thanks for the follow!
congratulations you deserve it all 3
Thanks for the support!
I need Frozen Mexican Dinner.
hey beautiful!
My stepdad works at Hearst!
He's quite an awesome guy.
arentyoutired of people yelling at you to shut up during a movie?
Miller: You don't need a teacher's license under federal law, so states can do what they want.
Just got back from TEDxSJU.
Great lineup!
I just saw The Muppets movie and it was better than I could have ever hoped for, kudos!
I love waking up to 21 text messages from twitter!: makes me think of Peyton21
thanks!
I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!!
Good idea..
..
I worked out on a bad foot a year ago, and I am still not healed.
I hope your foot gets better fast :
get twitter to remove the follow limits !
headed in a good direction.
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes if any debts are jointly or individually in each spouse's name.
RT : While watching tonight's American dad I think made a boo boo by stating Hayley was conceived in 1996.
hey guys, go check out the band  spread the word about them :
I love animals.
I have 2 dogs.
I grew up right here on the east coast in the same area I live now.
Damn birds dont know what sleep in means?
I just need a sling shot and ten rocks!
I'm hanging in there.
How are you?
I dont know how I didnt know about this site before.
Job hunting commencing now.
Bitch I'm the bomb.
Like tick, tick.
The Comedians of Comedy !!!
friggin HILARIOUS !!!
watch it !!!
Patton Oswalt, Zack Galifiniakis and more ...
awesome !!!
Sweet.
I might be able to watch some of it!
RT JUST IN: The Daytona 500 will start at 6pm CST on FOX.
two iPads  glorious quadoctorphonic sound too!
Newtgas is only 2.50?
Where can I buy it?
has the most amazing girls ever.
:
Is there any sweeter feeling than when a cute little 3 year old girl curls up and falls asleep on her mommys lap?
:
Concur, I hate it when they swing at the first pitch.
Foolish move.
My Birds take 5 of 6 vs Yankees  Red Sox  now r on top Toughest league in Baseball the AL East...ORIOLES Magic, Magic, Oriole Magic
Clutch hug and bump night galore.
NFL doctorft.
Woohooo.
agreed!
Thanks for having us!
My dermatologist has amazing skin.
This makes me more receptive to what she has to tell me.
Still can't believe I'm leaving for NYC tonight at 4 am.
Too crazy!
Are you responsible for the LCSO hacking?
Oh baby when you cry, your face is momentary!!
: Thanks for the well wishes!
I'm really excited about it.
I see you across the court.
Go Blazers!
w/
If a bitch tell you she's naturally beautiful..
See if she let u test her face out with a wet wipe
either way Torts is going to be pissed.
But if I must choose I think NY will pull it off.
Oh no!
Crossing all fingers/toes!
RT : Complete madness at this end as planes to Chicago are being cancelled...
Fingers crossed.
I'm looking at one of the hottest Indian girls I have ever seen.
What?
Did I just type that.
Omg best friend!!
I was just thinking of you and was about to tweet you!
What's wrong?
:
tonight, tonight....
we're on Ed's radar.
:
hit me with a follow back so I can msg you back..lol I am about to sen this song
I'd love to hear what you thought about the webinarthe lack of immediate facial feedback makes me crazy!
I'm an extrovert ...
Can't walk by 60th and Mad and not go in!
Got Parker Print Skinny Pant.
Loving!
Don't make me come over there and crash your dinner!
I'm at the Orleans at the moment, haha.
I suppose.
Can't decide whether to use it twice on myself or use it on , who completely hates BBQ.
dude you have I talk to you man.
Somehow I didn't knew interface when I saw your video and somehow I can do it but I need help!
We would love to sample your new kosher wine.
Is it distributed in the U.S?
Very cool, best of luck!
Knocking players over does not equal a foul in the Clippers Nuggets game apparently.
ActorStuff: Trust that it is okay to NOT act.
Seriously.
Trust.
thank you !
GOOD MORNING HAPPY FRIDAY
How you not know it was raining outside, sometimes i wonder if ppl heads are hollow
I think I might too.
I may start tonight and finish it tomorrow lol
Can a young dude get money any more...
Season 4 of the Wire was my favorite.
yes, that's what I'm doctornking...
At work.....
With high voltages and crush hazzards
HELL YEAH!!!!!
it does
Gametime.
Lets see what this is all about.
All your base..
base..
base, all your base are belong to us.
on my life bro
Rookies and both active in early games and set to see their first NFL action today
a simple Wordpress project.
Lots of little essays, links, videos.
Nothing complex.
Total mess for them, though.
Thanks.
If I can get a copy to all litigants with childoctorn it just might make them think twice about child welfare, and laws!
gotta say, the chicago bears do an excellent job with providing content that fans like me love on their website keep it up!
RT : overheard some hardcore 9th graders discussing how a kid had one four loko and threw up in Sam's vagina
Finished the last book in the Hunger Games series last night.
Looking forward to seeing the movie this weekend!
And Kentucky Derby Day RT : Happy doctornko de Mayo!
19 may be just a bit of overkill, but hey any publicity is good publicity :
Knocking on doors in the district!
join for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
I love meat...
but if I was vegetarian I'd eat Marination Sexy Tofu tacos everyday.
Just sayin.
Love it!
Our friend Katie Wirkus joins us next to talk about Wisconsin potatoes on
This tattoo definitely looks best on me when I am naked.
Omg Chynna, you're such a task master...
Lol!
I'm guilty of this a tiny bit too :o Bossyboots :D
No, I never did.
What tee did he want again?
Was it The Beatles?
Nothing quite like an earshattering fire alarm to kick off my birthday :
,.definitely butter!
that's very kind of you .
.
.
Given the lukewarm reluctant endorsement by former GOP candidates, I think Romney will get a shock in November.
So many different types of fail today
I'm saying I loved u n mag u cancelled.
In my gates voice
Visit the conservatory today to get out of the rain and into the tropics!
1 general admission.
is best in East.
Beat LA next weekend and you're best in all MLS.
RT : still no respect 4 SKC
I'm happy I got it off my chest lastnight and told him how I feel about him...no matter what ima always be here fa the kid 3
When you learn how to love yourself it won't be so hard to accept the love of others...
I am watching real BeiJing Opera.
No problem!
;
passed you in the night,
Listen up at 6:50 for the Spring Training Song of the Day!
Its SODMG over everything.
Swag me out cause bitch I gotta sack now.
SMOOK!!!
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
like who cares about fur..
It looks cute so wear it !!
Like those assholes wear like gross jeans and tees
see ...
you wish I would say that but home boy, it ain't happen today..tomorrow ...NEVER.
I like your butt doe.
In Scottsdale a little early for some club action then to THE MINT for OUTASIGHT!
RT : In 10 minutes we'll start a twitterview with form Miami, about her vacations in
You're useless bro.
Just figured out that  Cam Rellim
3 RT 15 years ago today, we lost a great person  Sublime's Bradley Nowell.
Although, Other Printing Companies are closed for the day due to the Holiday, NYC Printing 123 is open to take any printing orders!
Call...
Tonight at 11pm, the best 11 minute news show on television  San Diego 6 News!
I wish it was blue.
Lol
manlove at its finest!
RT TMZ: Lindsay Lohan Misses Flight to D.C.
for Correspondents' Dinner  shit, there goes the weekend
: that's awesome that you just went public with that.
I guess i just have a way with making lasting impressions
got asked if I went anywhere over spring break because I got darker and have a great tan...
Haven't I always been tanned?
I know I have a smart mouth , o there's no need to remind me that I do everytime I get smart
: No!
I wanted Johnny!!
Ugh!
sadface :' THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS
I love Beyonce.
Thanks for the RT.
By the way, we're not Hoos for Haiti.
We're Love4Haiti, the event taking place at Random Row Books...
I guess would work...Though it lacks in alliteration.
because I'm a lame.
: lol
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!!
It is a beautiful day to be in San Francisco celebrating
Works great now, thanks!
Being the first to clap in an audience  then everybody joins you  thinking Yeah, you are all my bitches.
Exciting!
RT : Shoeholic, Magazine Just For Footwear Fans, Coming Soon 
Going to bed night xD
GuysN Divas:Battle of the High School Musicals Three Southern INDIANA high school doctorma clubs battle in a fierce rivery:15 Min On LOGO Net
very interested in adobe's acquisition of omniture.
could be a gamechanger for lots of multichannel marketers.
Not sure how I feel about that pick.
TT knows what he's doin tho
fuuuuuuck what show doggy??
Why an I not there I cum to
How are you going to shoot over Ramos disappointing.
I'm having serious dog walker separation anxiety.
Anyone have a trusted pup sitter in Andersonville?
Thanks Chris!
Please throw something at Joe for me today!
Gloops' logo will be on the helmets and a patch on Oakland's jerseys
The game is about to start!
Lets goo!
A3: lack of appreciation has always plagued those who want to measure art.
got another leadership thingy to Washington...
I figured out what the M in MTV stands for...Jersey Shore
didnt know about 11AM soccer final.
Will watch some then before son's 1st game at noon.
U wanna know why I ride u so much 2 show me how u feel?
Its becus I luv you.
Got damn.
I luv u  cud really give a fuk about any1 else
Yeah.
Had my eye on it for a while, and my inner Whovian wouldn't shut up until I got them.
9.
Write on the sidewalks that you are mister.
Bieber.
EricCantor endorses Romney.
They attack women, union,  voter rts.
This kind of politics ended 50 yrs ago.
Perfect day to be in the studio.
haha.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
You can't live like that forever.
I promise..
It will get you nowhere.
Why would anyone would buy MW3.
Try playing a better game.
Try battlefield 3
i swear these fucking people applaud after every period
It's.official, sold out Turner Hall tonight.
Happy Friday!
Be sure to stop by our Oktoberfest tent tomorrow for some scrumptious food selections and Becketts gear!
Mary Renault It is bitter to lose a friend to evil before one loses him to death.
Secrets, Adultery and Envy may be back, but Winter is Coming.
Obama: we need rules to prevent...
Faulty medical devices
TreyGowdy: Bill to give providers the ability to deny coverage for services inconsistent with their personal beliefs Corps are people????
btw tricky dick, Herbert Hoover, Anthony Kennedy, rehnquist ...
Want to set you straight about their schools
is one of the most creative and unique local artists in Milwaukee!
Love all her creations!!
Proud to be a follower!
wow what?
I just parked our bus across 10 spots outside the fine arts building i used to get parking tickets with my car in one spot
Watching Exit Through the Gift Shop Banksy is a funny fker
haha thank you : im not going to any concerts or anything like that tho so idk if i will meet her or not
no, no.
She talks about getting deals at Kohls.
And coupons.
Riveting.
tell the guys that back here at the office we've got our Mavs gear on  ready to cheer Rowdy Proud  Loud 2nite frm Texas!
Ah so do I!
He's so adorable
Brunch  Brio Flatiron
stop being be a jealous bitch.
lol...AUTO SPELL checker messed that up!
SEPOSITION!
is how it is spelled.
Grrr.
oops..
congrats to.....got a new phone and twitter app...trying to figure it out
: Is it me or is nicki Minaj skin color gettin lighter by the second lol  ikr I think she b wearin a type of cream
haha, no that didn't happen, that's just an example of what will happen once old ppl figure out twitter.
Read my previous tweet.
RT : thanks to justfilms community: Its not just about the product, its about what the product can do O.
Bagwell
nope!
I have Piloxing for the Cure at that day!
Thanks for submitting both!
We will post one of them soon.
How many tickets would you like for the show?
Gon be doing Tricks for Daddy when we take it to da house
Im Not Saying The Banking System Is Collapsing However I Withdoctorw 50.00 From The ATM And Was Paid In Chinese Yen
I have found the game to be, in all factualness, a universal language wherever I traveled at home or abroad.
Ben Hogan
I will be there!
It won't last 10 hours, should only last a few...
max.
British buddies, I have to say that is everywhere in SF.
Such a rapid rise.
It's impressive dorsey and co and it really works.
Annotations with a purple pen.
RT : UR the man Montee We have enjoyed following ur success this year.
Enjoy NYC!
We R pulling for u!
Amazing!
More than 200 million YouTube views occur on mobile devices per day mobile video via Janel Jacobs
i was his youngest client.
EFF.
That was hours ago.
GOD DAMN IT SEE THE PREVIEW!
Congrats to Winterhawks who have forced a decisive Gm 7 tomorrow in Edmonton!
32 win tonight...
The one who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Chinese Proverb
Moving AMC's The Pitch up to the Sunday night after Mad Men is smart, but the show hurts my eyes and ears to watch.
Changed from 80 reactive to 50/50 reactive and proactive on twitter for 
Took my piercings out for good !
Thought I saw people w/ Creole labels on their lunch boxes.
Was pumped.
Got closer to ask.
Actually says Create as in your own salad.
Damn
Thanks for the s/o and the follow!!!
UNCC employees did not...yet.
2omf are the cutest and unique couple ever!
xD
Sick : but I'm looking up colleges in California...definitely applying to some hahah.
Love the MM commercial...I'm sexy and I know it
haha thank you!
Well have fun eating your cookies.
Yeah, let's get this day done
I am in love with your dog 3
Colwell: open access journals like PLOS raise speed of schol.
comm, interactions w/ authors, but must have good quality measures
You can't compare to diamonds because you are so much stronger, brighter, and beautiful.
how have you been???
RT : 700 miles to go!!
Come on girls!!
back right corner.
Where you be?
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed ..
Friends with weed ..
Looks like I'm not gonna end up getting that hug that I've been longing for ...
sigh
RT : We're proud participants  Documentary about families shows human face of Americas economic crisis...
youz opened your giftz already?
Mom won't let uz yet.
We're at odds until we're even
When I was young our phones didn't have internet, they had snake.
OMG his lost his stick twice...
it isn't like its happened his whole career....
ps I just had an fn heart attack
the loud thunder from a storm passes and it feels like you woke up emotional ally!!!!
i am amy, thanks.
we really miss the fuck out of u on there..
in the groups.
please come back lol 3
The Ultimate Zombie Survival Kit for Social Media DoGooders now in Room 515B speaking
The biggest problem in life isnt the problem itself, but how people act upon it.
then u have no life
Good Morning
I need to have 20 customers to commit.
I will notify you when your order to be ready for delivery.
its all about them dbacks boo :
Happy new year 
; in the book he says kkk;
rehashed incorrect info and then 20 tweets or retweets about the Lakers.
Unfollowed him quick.
I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT!!!!
i will be Reposting ALL parts of my story TOMORROW!!
then i will be posting PART 7!
for the first time :
shoutout to my new and old followers!!
Yeah, good call on Kotsay
Glad your following!
Keep on singing!
Not really
A reporter who shall remain nameless revealed that he/she had no idea who Gloria Steinem is.
Either I'm old or we are in trouble.
: Thinking about it .
.
.
People who send me things to add to wikis, there is an irony in that.
what???????
why cant i get a follow that easy : i love you Austin!
There are signs that the market manipulators are getting some traction, as they have pulled the Dow up from its lows, halfway to zero.
RT  When I'm recalled, I'm gonna finally get my college degree and make some real money in the private sector.
I am a guest on Fox's Good Day Orlando show today!
Very excited, it should be fun!
I've never watched The Voice, but I'm 55 sure Tony Lucca was on the Mickey Mouse Club.
And when I thought that you couldn't disappoint me again..you always find a way..
that's all that matters though.
Chanti learn how to walk today!
Why yes the marijuana protesters in Riverwest were smoking weed out in public
: naw I would tell ppl to forget about loveok Tina Turnerwhat's love got 2 do with it love is a 2nd hand emotion!
y u no follow me
still feel the need to puke after eating at souley vegan, last night.
Lol, I usually tweet nondetailed things.
I don't like spoiling others!
30thingsaboutme 2.
I love Austin Carter Mahone with all of my heart3
I've seen a two year old as adept at pencilwork as many teachers are today...scary
Football then headin out to Antioch!
Merry Christmas Eve yo
they were flare jeans.
He looks really cool.
Who went home last night on ABDC...?
2 days in a row in Venice...
I ran into guys that have killed me..
Tobey McGuire yesterday and Chris Pine today...
27 players so far in today's noon 140 buy in Bounty Tournament.
Still plenty of time time join, late registration is open until 1:40 pm.
NAFSA10 Day 2 Started out easyand then got busy.
Ed Abroad Receptionsaw a ton of peeps, but where are all the SUNY folks?!
Blackstreet will be preforming in Denver CO tonight  Temple Buell Theater come  show ur support u will definitely have a great time!
million  idea: LMS emulators so we can access old courses  data in dead LMS.
Any ANGEL investors out there?
LOL
not happening...
RT : just a little reminder that I wasn't kidding about that picture.
You know my email addoctorss.
i love it when you tweet in german ;
Fuck a bitch a WinWinSituation.
No commitments.
No talk.
Not in Seattle, but if if involved PacNW microbrews and books, I'd be totally down.
is thrilled to be presenting Millennials Mean Business tonight at !
cc:
Bored in spanish
Alera Reception Lounge Series Club Chair for 281.97  Best Buy ...
Life is good!
.
begins on Monday!
Have you signed up to attend all the fantastic, nocost sessions you can handle?
You're so kind, thank you Dave!
Standing is fun because it's easier to talk with my hands
was there an injury to an OSU corner today?
I heard someone tore an ACL.
It won't be easy.
We'll have to fight to make wa4m pass.
Biggest factor will be the gov race.
McKenna will still be way popular.
SHE'S ALWAYS A WOMAN TO ME By Billy Joel...
Now That's a Fcking Song!
Cristen, can you go on facebook?
I want to talk to you for advice really fast if you can!
:
try doctornking a cup full of water
David C.
Guaderrama confirmed as District Court Judge in Western D of El paso, Tx, 4/26/12
absolutely, just saying payroll next year will potentially be significantly different.
Is Atta looking to reduce in '13?
I just asked my 7th grader to tell me how a cd and cassette are similar..she looks at me and goes what is a cassette?
Omg I feel so old!!
people be loco on that coco man
Yes!
And for parties, the Gallery!
:
...clearly my concern.
Badgers need to get to the line.
Hard to overstated magnitude of Berg foul.
Terrible call
indiana doctorvit contractors in indiana, doctorvit repair indiana, eifs contractors indiana eifs repair, indiana doctorvit, indiana eifs, indiana
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to the Break!
Hopefully we'll be seeing you in the next round!
Let's hope!
yucko!
just tried Tostitos SouthWestern Artisan chips.
way too much seasoning.
Its like they were blasted w/ 50 packs of ramen seasoning.
Good Job on Glee last night!!!
You are very good at singing in spanish, and i hope things work out for Sam and Mercedes.
yup I think we saw the same one I like my phone bulky just becuz I'm so rough w/it!
ButTheySayThatThePhoneCantBreak
My family would have a heated argument right now.
.
Tomorrow thru Saturday, 2.99 medium, cheese pizzas from when you order on BrewCityBites.com!
Fuck these bugs
Having more tweets than followers EVERYBODY LIKE THAT 
your coworkers  you.
Yeah man.
And the Mastadon song kept running through my head: Do not explain the plot/if you don't understand, you should not be here.
Just got really serious arguing the meaning of ghost riding the whip.
On March 23, 1971, the 26th Amendment to the US Constitution gave 1820 year olds the right to vote.
CHLOE WHY ARE YOU AN EGG!
U call it luv:p plz its just somethin i needed for fun
wat up g!
I'd like to link up like tuesday or weds if you free, im free both them days
Notifyall is based out of Albuquerque but we can provide services nationwide.
Please share our page with your friends.
Thanks for LIKING us.
The mountains are fcken cold!!!!
I wonder how silly we would look to an alien race observing us.
we are going to take 25 off all Christmas Items for your pet, Happy  Noel  to you all...
Bike cops just showed up across from rally

thanks for joining me!
also, 6 bonus..that's what I'm looking forward to!!
Skynews say Fabrice Muamba is stable.
Eish!
Do I still have energy to go to Kalahari?
Telegraph  18th c version of twitter.
Compressing space and time, shifting public/private
Why the AC on???
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
oh fun!
miss you too!
Enjoyed basking in the sunshine and umm almost fresh air in DC .
Not to crazy abt getting indoors to office with NO windows now.
sounds good.
When are you guys going to post on the blog?
Honey cocaine
127 Hours just started.
ohhellyes..
i'll be MIA for the next 2 hours or so staring at James Franco's face.
Maybe some tutoring so you don't fall behind.
Tell pops
Looking at Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks with Melina in ms koumjians class :
Rsrvs for on Friday night.
It's been too long since I've had a doctornk by Adam Seger.
Woo!
The more I walk and bike around Baltimore, the more I believe that no urban street should be more than 4 lanes or encourage 30 mph traffic.
This has been the longest day ever.
RT : Trust is earned  not 4 sale.
giv ppl a reason 2 trust U in life  U will maintain quality relationships forever...
At cgi2010 at panel with Yunus and Akula on microfinance IPOs.
This'll be interesting.
Host: Don't be polite.
In Tampa at the International Mall  the Apple store is the only one with activity and it is packed!
thanks, but feel bad for NC
yes she is and I can't give my child a way maybe if I was octomom or something
The Thunder are best equipped to beat the South Beach Scum.
The Lakers don't stand a chance against the Thunder
If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to .
Paid gig, shoots summer.
cc: RT
See?
I told you I wasn't just an egg.
Yeah, I mean a homogenized market is bad for everyone.
Especially the creative people BEHIND the games.
why are you so fat?
LOL WHAT ARE YOU SAYING
Today is Pi day!
3.14  if you have geeks in your family or among friends, this is the night to buy them a beer!
:
FF Greetings from Florida.
Appreciate the follow; following back.
Still got that  sticker on the back of your car?
They say one night stands supposed to be special lol I agree!
Daniels is much more talented than the Repubs who are running.
But that theme...the state of our union is GRAVE?
Hearkens back to Malaise.
haha I just like how he says it...
He hates girls!
we have had memories longer then the road streches ahead
People don't go on FB  say I'm struggling with my mortgage.
They're hanging out in anonymous places, asking questions
No, I am.
I'll send it your way this afternoon!
Very useful info!
Thank you!
Ashley, I sure thank you for the RETWEET!
Damn its already Thursday.
Another week almost over.
Who is ready for the weekend?
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
: They laugh because I'm different, but I laugh because they are ALL the same.
Having red meat for dinner.
Have not had red meat in a long time, I need to remember moderation.
THROWBACK NP J holiday bed!
3
unless we observed flustered browserclosing, I don't think there'd be any way to tell if they checked or not.
GOODNIGHT!
Sold out tix in a minute upon release
Lyra12 Xerox CiPress 500 production ink system  dmh Marketing tells their story  CiPress in a production environment.
Its Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
Need we say more?
Yes we do?
Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4  5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers  tails!
Not shovin it but takin it home for wiping their ass
hahahaha no i went to hard on that, cant breathe
we need to act like responsible people and make progress on narrowing disparities in America for all
Bailee, Hanna I love you guys so MEGA.
OWE you BIG TIME Thank you thank you :
Demo tips for Larry 1less talk more demo 2make problem solved clear 3keep it short: bad if people clap when you say almost done
Vegan sloppy joes for dinner yummy!
oh yeah I am extremely fat now!
or I can pick up a family order of ...
No more camouflage.
I want to be exposed.
Free Anniversary Registry.
Your friends  family go on line and purchase the gifts you want to receive.
Click EXTRAS www.FreeXpedia.com
When boys talk dirty to you 
The worst about stupid mistakes is that once they have been made they remain in your mind and it causes you to be angry with yourself
He can count to infinity...twice.
No, he's not Chuck Norris, he's Jeremy Lin.
Don't focus just on making money.
If you do, you'll be asking too little of yourself.
Focus on being useful in this world.
u were looking at me somehow pocket tweeting a picture from my phones camera
.Volunteering at the hospital.
Gotta Dash!
Have a fab day everybody TWEETDOM BLESSINGS!
Ugh , Tired  Right Hand Feels Broke Along With My Wrist 
my sister hacked my stuff sorry bae ily
:D what are you doing?!
When/If Cook gets out of the slammer, he should be banned from the NFL.
It won't happen, but it should.
He's not that good anyways
While talking about shoes my dad says, I had to go to 5 different Dick's to get my size..
And I guess my new job is cleaning up after everyone else.
I love the live tweeting from this road trip.
Keep it up!
Time for bed ..
Actually have to go to school tomorrow ..
Guess I'm deciding to be an adult over a child 
doctorving the country roads taking me home to West Virginia...which might actually be home if my old Kentucky home gets blown away...
Volunteer in Thailand at an elephant reserve w/ Mention TL when applying  get 10 off tuition.
More awesome programs here...
TruthIs you'll never be on my level.
Thanks a lot for your help!
Guitar tracking, day 2!

Tune your Brain with Mozart a cool CD series by Elizabeth Miles.
Otherwise been doin' Beach Boys lately....
I can feel you forgetting me...
Charlie St.
Cloud
Just got the sudden urge to bust out and do the cant touch this dance :
YES.
i knew it was something about Vegas lol/
I like how this is, Slow nothing rushed.
Awesome!
TY RT : So many lovely things at QBM11.
We're definitely applying for the next market!
Thanks !
18 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
Sully would still hit that, lol.
Ugh why was Patton pitching to 3 straight righties anyway?
Who wants the 2nd episode of Matt Moore Podcast this weekend?!
Jeff, congrats on your winning piece in the Cincy Library contest!
yes it was .
dood I got sun burnt haha
ya it is crazy!!!
I will send you a sneak peak.
Best pee ever
Youth To The Core will be ready for your kids/athletes at your location anywhere in the country starting January 1, 2011!!!
Ask us how!
Jeydon Wale follow me c; I love you 3
What about the democrats regarding Bill Maher  does that bother you as well?
I'm bothered by it?
Colorado AG questions constitutionality of panel to aid Lower North Fork wildfire victims
OH thank you so much!!!!!!
That made my day 
PERFECT day for HairFlowers :
Damn Zombie Sonics
Saw The Artist tonite.
Loved it.
What's your Best Picture pick?
This example is 10 rules and only had 10 slides and were consistent look.
60 minute webinar spoke 10 minutes per webinar
: Right now would be the perfect time to bring in Arshavin for OxladeChamberlain.
ha, so true

But they worked for their money, thats not legitimate  I mean....wait...
's got it.
ALZM .0155 up looking strong for the AM...
Please take a minute to like ICE LLC on facebook: www.facebook.com/engagingart
The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart
mmmmhmmmm.
I want to save my boobies.
Students should not just be knowledgeable.
They need to be knowledgeable.
Teachers need to inspire wonder.
Yes...it's like a doctorg to this newsjunkie lol Whos this  I dont recognize SyriaSSon name?
:
sometimes candles and zen music ie waterfalls, fountains, or rain sounds help a lot.
:
Must fight temptation to include 'hater do horsethemed movies' to my twitter bio
He is one of my boyfriends friends...??
Holy God the creepiest old man ever just started hitting on me.
I hate my job sometimes.
It's all a negotiation.
Just as it was in Minnesota.
Come on Dana
RT : Bill Gates describes Khans videos as unbelievable 15minute tutorials and says his own kids use them.
Off to la crosse!
They don't understand what you mean to me ..
If I loss friends because of you they went my friend in the first place
Apparently we were supposed to have a sketch book for art...woops, looks like im failing Art I
God hates farts.

RT : Leo TurnOFF'S: Leos cannot tolerate those who constantly or repeatedly attempt to upstage them.
Please tweet for more info on the tickets or email me at if you want to buy the tickets.
Hating the same things is key to an amazing boss/employee relationship.
I'm lucky.
omg, what is wrong with you?!?!
feel better
I'm about to just relax and call it a night and get up for and chill with for mothers day!
Find donors, not donations.
Share your vision  impact   will follow.
Yo had anyone seen ?
Or did he put his life on private too???
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime I'll take seven mc's, put'em n a line.
Add 7 mo brothas who think they can rhyme.
It'll take 7 more b4 I go
Crying in the movie theater
having friends over for a sleep over so we can talk about our trip to paris so fun :
Why can't we just be together already?!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Ofek Belkin Rising 10th San Antonio, TX Travel Team: El Paso Heat Shooting Guard 511
Whats your job....coffin stuffer..yours?
We Marylanders love Milan Brown.
He did a nice job at Mt.
St Mary's.
Took them to the tourney.
He'll do well there.
I vote for a Fusco and Carter spinoff from this show.
Yes!!
Love it : RE: thank you for following me!
SMPP is already bringing great, creative people together!
Thanks mister!
we just left Brothers
chola your fat
woke up early and choreographed combo full out at 8 am.
casual.
that would only have been ok if you weren't seriously injured  only ok because then she'd be in trouble
Just saw Space Shuttle Discovery fly over Greenbelt, MD
Have you ever wished a hot bubble bath with candles and calgon could take your memories away..
without i dont know if i could still watch the showhe like makes the picture perfect
Low quality, overpriced sushi and fake me out korean bbq makes me angry.
happy birthday Laura!
Care for some tapas, cocktails and picadas?
Search no more!
Happy hour is about to start!
Enjoy them all for 5 from 5pm to 8pm!
stop being someone who you arent for Fsakes god
thanks for the note.
Sorry I missed it, hope it went well.
settle down, internetz: BON JOVI IS ALIVE!
HE'S ALIVE!!!
well the only game they legitimately lost was against Syracuse and they were leading for most of it.
bearcatshoyas
......And that someone wasn't me, which made me glad that others are tuned into this issue.
have a great race !
Yu thinking what I'm thinking?
it's about time I get out if this bed
Nope.
Allow presentism to save and allow the present to be your haven.
Then live.
To all of my follower but more importantly those I follow
I wonder if you would be my best friend.
I would love that.
You're amazing.
Your the reason why I started acting and I love it.
you think that you know me, know me
Nike town :
Shit is far from over...
Hey beauty queen have a great weekend xoxo
Every time I write about Wikipedia, people tell me I'm a fool for not understanding what a cesspool of idiocy it is.
Thanks for the help!
Having my Ketel then off to for fflv!
Buy art from local artistsit will make you happy!
RT : Want to help w/NOCC awareness events?
Volunteer training  refresher on ovariancancer facts on 8/15.
Contact us for info.
Breakfast was bomb
I like about music and about sound art that the terms can mean different things in different contexts
I saw your excessive project on reddit, sweet
K.
Frey is up for my only wager at Parx today vitedecreto R4
Just as J.
Hilton discusses fragility about econtent  presenation goes dark.
Who would have known that a few packs of stickynotes would unite a whole town?
If only we could band together w/such force to end
Yes!
that would be great.
Are you in town MonTues?
It looks like that may work for
22 more days till SUMMER 3
i hope you feel better
Man, if you think I'm not getting paid, you're higher than a damn kite.
I'll probably get more than your entire team.
gah monday .
blah
Did anyone do the 2nd essay in religion
thanks so much!
Very excited, nervous too.
Hope all is well for you!
Now you're talkin' hey you should join our sex cult if you think disco worms are scary!
Congrats!!
That's awesome.
: Friday the 13th is lucky for me too.
its hard to explain , im so into you .
There is no limit to the power of loving.
John Morton
hope your day fucking sucks :p
A good idea!
thanks for the FF :
Did the P90X legs and back workout.
Did AbRipperX as well.
Think I will do the core synergistics workout tomorrow.
And our adventure to getting pop starts now
Making music at with  9:30midnight.
Don't miss it!
very content!
will be here in a few mins to work with our homeless community members about legal problems they face.
Thx guys!
Apparently there's gonna be one all week?
?
: After the broken toe, nothing weirds me out anymore.
That thing was freaky!
See how the Husker women pulled off the upset at Purdue tonight at 10 Huskers, KETV,
You pull those out of your fishtank?
Good morning tweeps the City of Milw just declared a snow emergency so you'd better move those cars!
:
Wooster: Don't miss Russ Castronovo's lecture, Ben Franklin, Propaganda, and Wikileaks tomorrow, Thur.
the 3rd, 7:30 pm, Severance 09
I would skip starts occasionally and use Lannan so he's available down the stretch personally
Curb Your Enthusiasm finale was kinda meh.
Julia Louisdoctoryfus seemed annoyed abt her unfort.
subplot.
doctornk glass table rings.
Hm.
Retty told me when you got Titi.
Celtics played...
sixers didn't show up in Philly
SWMadison is an intense 54 hour weekend event.
What did you give up to participate?
Sacrifice4Success cc
Glad to hear you enjoyed I Surrender!
The earthquake will not stop me from shopping!
Heading to CC Macy's with a mission:
I turned on my car..
without changing the station or anything callmemaybe comes on immediately!
Something would appreciate!
I am now with
bro you have swag for days...
enough said.
good day please?!
Jessica Hardy's third home run of the day scores 3 and makes it 260!
We are CC!
so happy it worked out!
If you dont like my tattoo, FK YOU!!!
Hm.
Cage vs Copland?
Trying to decide where to set up camp for supermoon pix later tonight.
Does anyone else have a good spot?
Or ideas?
hey pll you have to follow shes the best
www.theouterspacemen.com You have to read this graphic novel.
What a fantastic journey.
Thanks for adding me to your daily, Cheryl.
Hope your day is a good one.
:
I try D: lmfaooo.
Then I start thinking about funny shit that's happened and I start laughing.
:c
Regreting that cereal.i already ate so much today.why cant I just not eat why is it so fucking hard.
Hey old man, Burma don't exist no more.
Perhaps a better hashtag would be
Happy Monday!!!!
Because I hate it here and it's amazing there xD
Take your life in your own hands and what happens?
A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong
It sure is nice looking at a full patio!!!
no.
Sadly, The case is still unsolved.
Her mom has since died, her dad remarried, her brother finished college and her dad
I pull up and let go like my first initial.
holy shit not this again lmfaoo i still need to name him :O
I'm the worst dog parent ever.
Prior to reading your tweet I gave my dog a taste of guacamole Avocado, onion and tomato woopsie
Foreclosed Americans find way back to homeownership
: boarding soon??
yes
I have awoken early and decided to spend the bulk of today contemplating why a raven is indeed like a writingdesk.
Trog
yeah no kidding....
Investors Increase Bets for 250 Oil on Saudi Disruption Fears
got a opening day bucco ticket with your name on it
Fucking locker juice
Hi JMG All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Many thanks to my friend Manpreet Ahuja Visual Solutions for some help with adjusting some skintones!
Brangelina  oh  but wait  does everyone have the right to marry now???!!!!
The new song is coming out great!
Can't wait to release it for everyone : let's get us some more likes and follows!!!
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
Alfred Adler
No fail pork taco recipe: rub a bone in pork butt with salt,pepper and garlic.
Roast at 250 for 8 hours uncovered.
Serve w/salsa and onion.
shout to cop top family !!
RT who waNts a text ?:
How can 1 stadium here stink to High Heaven  just a few blocks away they make the Playoffs a regular event??
Answer: ownership!
ROYCE ON BASKETBALL WIVES IS A DUCK.
SHE HAD DWIGHT HOWARD BABY,  HE PUT A RESTRAINING ORDER ON HER
I really fucking hate like guys.
When teams meet with players for 68 hours, what can you possibly say?
I can't imagine talking to Jeff Ireland for 20 minutes.
: Ladies::Your TRUE friends will be like a good bra,, close to ur heart  there for support friendship
Need help with your tailgate party downtown?
We can help....And we'll deliver!!
high school basketball's Evan Bingham has decided to attend and play at Hanover College next year.
Pollen count is rising!
Currently it's 5.60 in San Antonio, Texas
Trying out Windows 8 Beta.
I don't know what to think yet.
Meade County Animal Control officers are a couple of assholes!
FedEx delivered my iPhone 4 preorder yesterday!
Been rockin' it for about 24 hours now and love it!
Lmao he fat as hell
lol hes not bad in this one
I'll be uploading another original in the next few weeks :
So true.
No other options, not with the City.
Problem is with the weighted vote, similar to the hotel tax.
What is wrong with my twitter and what is going on with ??
I knew I shouldnt go swimming
I have more of my 20's gone than I have left
I forget...
does Suppan have to throw 6 shutout innings vs.
Brewers or 7 before Milwaukee falls into the lake?
And yea we didn't understand, but we never got kidnapped or hit by a car either.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola
Watching Star Trek, The Wrath of Khan :
Start where you are!
Not use to being at work this early
Maybe a long night because I napped for a good few hours.
What to do.
What to do.
lol that sucks..
Yaya and tevez gonna take over
: A part of me wants to be with you, and another part of me says I'm over you.
I'm just torn in between the two.
if the girl nxt to me got a fat ass i might give her my number!!
wat up asia
every time I turn the corner I get a little bit smarter.
Nic about the doctorversselect employee library
City Council has been more fiscally conservative than Mayor Bing.
I urge him to partner with us to repair Detroit's finances.
I think I am the only person in the world that doesn't like Jersey Shore
I think we should look into getting some carefree bumper stickers.
The things we regret the most are things weve never done
Buffalo Bills won?
Really?
Holy crap miracles do happen!!
Preach it!
Preach it, my brotha!
We'll have a Kinect party!
NFAIS First up Brian O'Leary.
mobile context, global trends, options for content, implications for content providers and managers.
apparently a lot better than me!
cuddled up in bed on this cold and rainy night and starting the shades of grey series.
ohh man, this should be interesting.
loved the FOT on FB.
Couldn't agree more.
Doesn't surprise me!
3rd day in a row.
All I'm listening to is MichaelJackson I'm getting ready to do something big.
ok dat was a total fail lmao..maybe next time and least we got free doctornks!
yea i thank so
Us too!
Batten down the hatches and then, down the hatch!
RT : major freaked.
and now doctornking....
Ur, that doesn't sound like cheese lol.
: Hey Chef what...
is ur fav cheese to smoke ?
Maui gold!
Just realized I could legitimately tell people I've only hit one less homer than Albert Pujols so far this year.
Home sleepy...
race to grace setup in that morn' 
Another thing I loved about the book: All the Wisconsin ballers that make cameos: Alex Compton and Quemont Greer.
dance party at mine, but its true.
Oh, no!
Yeah friday
Thanks for the follow.
I'm really looking forward to reading Pursued, just my kind of book.
no we dont.
hockey is played on ice, not snow RT : How can MN be the State of Hockey, and have no snow?
p.s I dont have herpes just the flu...wich is as painful I bet
I bought some cute little splits of a good red just for this occasion.
we have broken up.
Watching Law and Order oldschool.
dun dun
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.46
Great to see you at First Kick, !
love love love the hair.
And crew96.
:
I wish would get up  make me a grilled cheese PLEASE.
Anyone know why they still call them Record Labels when it's all about CD's and mp3's now?
Just askin'.
hah!
For all the times I've been to Chicago, I still haven't seen the house..
it's my birthday 
What's you presuper bowl work going to be?
um ok some one is fried lol
and i know a majority of guys in muscle mags are on roids, its obv how one's muscles look on steroids, its ugly.
natural 
Haha yes.
Definitely.
Every girl needs to be prepared!
RT If I was smarter I'd make my social network passwords impossible to type when doctornk.
The Live song, or what's actually happening in Melbourne ATM?
Pretty much sums us up.
Open fight night makes Tna look so Bush Leagueso an indy wrestler who nobody knows
Hey I love you :
If you don't like the Memphis Grizzlies you suck at liking sports.
Thanks for RTing this out to your network.
We hope WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
Come in for late night dining.
Pizza available on Friday and Saturday until 1:00am.
He that would be a leader must also be a bridge
: ListOfTurnOns bums there's plenty downtown?
The Beach Boys.
The SMiLE Sessions.
O joyous day!
I can't watch anymore Montreal games, so I'm watching vampire diaries.
hahahaha I hate it when that happens!
Lol
forget the music scene, stick around till Saturday and check out a game!
Pierced Zebra is so pleased to welcome Hilary to the team.
Woot woot for the sassy gaggle forming at PZ headquarters!
what color did you get?
do you like godsmack?
Facing foreclosure and cant sell fast enough?
Call me to handle the bank for you.
I can help you like I have helped others.
I got court on Friday if all goes well then I will get them document to u by the weekend
ok thank u!
hoping for more discussion
Not here.
Not now.
Liz isn't here to save me.
not an intern.
a veteran.
in a Beatles kind of mood
Personally, when it comes to David  GOP  Gregory, I Delete the Press.
Bears still have plenty of cap room to spend and once free agency ends, Forte will get a longterm contract.
Colts need ALOH
KeyMarkX4 class  Q4: What  should the pin stack add up to when using the A2 pinning specification?
ATL ...
another tough loss for Pacers.
it's probably deeper than yours!
Id agree its pretty hott!
Haha
Lol I Don't Do doctorgs Im Not Interested In Whatt Youu Have To Say !!
Can't wait to get the hell off.....
5 months 3 I never in my life thought I would ever be so happy...he is my best friend but I miss the people who were there before him...
:/
Movie recommendation is the Austrailian Outback horror Wolf Creek
where my 20 racks at?
ur welcome!
Xo
CHECK DMS!
Got your pack today!
Nice work, man!
lol are you watchin deliver us from Eva?
lol
thank you Lauren!
Yours were yummy too!!!
They didn't last long :
Off to get my hair done for the runway show tomorrow!!
Just recorded an interview with We talked musical history,  about her new album, Childoctorn of a Factory Nation coming in Sept.
Workout complete...
Now let the weekend begin!
I'm sorry.
I really don't.
I think he's good.position?
No clue.
I hear, from my son, that he's on the Jets now.
Me too...
it is one of my favs.
I come and see whats going on every now and then.
Might now tweet, but I am here ;
Let this day be a blessed day
TONIGHT 6:00 pm Higgins 310 Feministing Panel!
Two editors of Feministing.com, will speak on feminism.
IT'S GOING TO BE A FABULOUS EVENT!
Troubles and problems are only a reflection of your strength, you are only as big as the obstacles you overcome.
Thanks for the tweet!
Great working with you all!
See you for a bike soon!
Yo can you DM me your email, I want to hit you up about something
Hey how is it goin my twitter sister.
WAS IT FOR AWH
Someone stole guitars from Tom Petty and took them, 'into the great wide open'.
Nervous habits will be the death of me.
Either I die of embarrassment or of a finger bleed.
Well you have to die of something
needs to be held accountable for his reckless tweets destroying an old couple's life.
YouKnowYoureInLove when you leave your boyfriend's house and miss him as soon as you step out the door.
But that's the thing, its ur opinion  ur entitled to it BUT that doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Twitter is not my life, just an ext.
of it
I really don't.
That's the sad part, I'm turning cold as ice...
A Walk To Remember is by far my favorite romantic movie.
We are trying to, it would help if we were at the beach like you.
: But have a great day and we enjoy your amazing posts!
no he doesnt ur just saying that cuz u know i like christian 3
Way to go axman!
I agree completely but Bibby is the only true PG left.
Douglas, Smith, and Shump were all combo guards.
So, we are already into the new year and we want to know how many of you have a Go to Anna Maria Island category on your resolution list?
Don't know how people live in big cities
Last final today.
Yeah.
Then school's out.
And everyone should text me about hanging out and shit.
Recently heard The last valentine I got said thank you for not murdering me in my sleep

not available on mobile?
So sad!
I feel like I'm really missing out on this one!
maybe carpenter shouldn't start talking shit!!
The name Gabriella doesn't fit me.
.'
The older and wiser girl becomes, the harder she marry her husband
I know are u coming tomorrow
Harden is even learning the Ginobili flops too
I'm going to be cutting hair at tomorrow!
A virtual wave to all at the Social Media Forum.
Just heard doctoricky Graham for the first time.
Im impressed, he went stupid ham.
snapbackstattoos
I like watching Phil and his minions looking for his ball.
I need to start taking my minions to the course with me.
I WIL:L BE THERE IN JUNE CAINT WAIT TO MEET U
Don't ever overlook your most powerful resource...your customer.
Give something away...everyday, it will come back to you 10 fold.
because he was with Chicano andd i was at your trackmeet soo id pick yall over something thats not going anywhere any dayy :D
nice .
Very nice
Regarding Following...
We need to wait for the county's Social Media Policy to be formally approved.
Then we can follow you :
The ship may get ruined, but youre going to land exactly where He wants you.Loving this Acts27 study w/
TV Redheads
Churchill would not eat his food, until I moved eight kibbles into a new bowl.
Suddenly, and irresistibly, a tasty feast.
Always a good time Bill!
You got that 300 for some shoes but when she ask for that child support money you be lookin at her like 0O
I'm digging up my yard this weekend!!!
: 85 of the Earth still has GOLD underneath it.
7580 degrees is ideal for me like here in VA right now
kid next to me in class is legit playing a gameboy.
didn't know they were still making those....
nah bro she's got this!
Looking forward to this evening's wvgov QA at WVU at 7:30pm, Business  Econ Bldg, room 230.
Hope you can join us!
I'm fuckin amazing with tumblr
Hope you guys are having fun at Coachella!
You pretty much said that I don't matter...
I'm sorry....
You meeting any of The Boys there?
Torrential hail storm on WKY PKY near Dawson Springs.
Strong winds with circular motion.
Trigg County students to storm shelter.
ALMOST dub but with actual crazy talent.
Kinda bluesy/jazzy with doctorps behind it.
Amazing
RT Lofpre  will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
I hope to meet you Monday night at the Helen Hayes Awards in Washington, DC!
I missed getting my script into Jameson by 30 min.
we got some dope things in the works rite now, seriously.
RT : We have three episodes of 's Stories from the Edge podcast up on the Mulholland site today....
Beyond scared straight on AE is real sht for you dum niggas out there actin foolish..get cha minds rite n start livin smart b4 its to late
You're welcome!
so many tweets.
i'm dying.
okay you pick a time and I will let you know of its a good time for me
How're you enjoying the Big Apple there, young fella?
might go Saturday night...after a dinner with Megan's grandparents.
Beleive nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
I've learned not to makea lot of this stuff personal.
A lot things in the game are politics.
Not talent based.
What can u do but go hard?
Watching his videos on Youtube.
It makes me smile.
:D 33 love you
I cannot take all the credit.
Callin' Oates was brought to my attn by
..
Lol do some crunches
He is always in debt to the jar!
This better mean that Joan and Roger get back together...
I got my 1GirlTour tickets yesterday!
Im so excited to see again!
;
you can find anything on project free tv
Don't buy a gun.
Guy shot himself on 's show, so don't buy guns.
Also never buy me a lighter.
Trust me, never.
he loves all : not kidding
Spoke to new Florida lawyers at 5th Dca swearing in today: main message was it takes a village to succeed.
Take good care of your village
Double Duty!!
FB  Twitter at once!!
Avoid going to the mall!
here is a great christmas gift for harley owner.
www.darksideshields.com
I love the Murrays...
RT : Morning run with the family!!
So much to be thankful for.
yeah sometimes .
please follow me:
I hate north Penn.
Tech school for life 3
1st day back in vegas.
I definitely miss L.A already but i'm planning on returning very soon!
Just when you start to grow weary of narrative style, Mark Haddon throws a curveball at you
long time no see!
How you been?
If I'm late for a lesson with Mildoctord because of these damn buses...
Lotsa hugs.
Hope you get answers soon.
On the way to , perfect day for some
There is nothing in the world like a persuasive speech to fuddle the mental apparatus.
M.Twain / Be careful who you listen to.
Heck yes!
9 minute party!!?:
: nails...sometimes in my way...?
yes!
True story!
analingus never hurt no one, bro!
RT : Internship Tip: Before the internship starts make a list of your learning objectives.
What do YOU want out of the opp?
RT Women age 1544 are at greater risk of rape or domestic violence than cancer, traffic accidents or malaria
Love that BYOBiz :
I'm afraid I'll be seeing her in my very bad doctorams.
Sometimes you have to take a step back to move forward.
Slowly moving on from the huge loss today.
But these past three days have been pretty epic.
2day n its Friday ;
I might just have to put a ring on you
No matter what is going on outside of you, it's what's going on inside of you that really counts
umm really?
J.
S.BachAll one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
Just enjoyed my breakfast treat for free.
Loves it!
And even better, no line!
These injuries have to stop.
Both teams.
lol yeah : its been a rough year I can't wait to get out a little
lost 4 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 7 pounds so far.
TOMLINSONS BUM, IT'S QUITE NICE.
And great members too: RT the Downtown Y!
Great Group fitness classes  instructors!
Can we please take a second to follow my true best friend, Hannah?
We have so many unfinished projects its cray cray!
FOLLOW
all is quiet on the cockyandbitter front
up and running!
you been single tho !
My abdominal section is quite sore.
It hurts to do just about anything.
The Sleeper Pick is less than 200 away from 11K twitter followers!
spread the word soldiers!
x
Q: When do you plan to take your kids to see santa?
Enter our photo contest...
I 3  they are having a tasting in my apt building!
I found it odd, unless there's something were not seeing....
Harper it's an arrogant asshole and it was coming to him
Nice time!!
RT : NYRR Joe Kleinerman 10k was held in Central Park today.
Anh finished with an unofficial PR time of 45:49
I'm there..
Lol yes we do!
I love you too!
Me either!
I remember when hubby first started watching  was finding something else to do, he asked to watch one  I got hooked :
2nd day of being battered by a nasty cold, can hardly move but somehow am caring for 2 little ones, both of them teething.
Lord help me!
Good Morning Colorado!
I freaking LOVE baseball season!!!!!!!!!
Well apparently they're the most efficient offense this season so they have to be doing something right.
RT : Life lessons from Rich Wakile, You cant go into business thinking Im gonna start cheating from day one...
sounds lovely!
link please?
That nigga was coo up here...
Then he moved back to his hometown
Thanks for confirming I'm not the only one who notices these things.
Crazy we were watching CNN for this!
Why can't it be Friday?!
:
where the Dallas Girls at
are you guyz going to Canada?
How about coming to Vegas too :D
Ever since spring break, I can't get into the rhythm of sleep early like I use to.
Seriously, Wth Ridiculous Fml JustWhyyy .
I did notice that just before..RT : How can you not?
Their promoted tweet is at the top of my page right now
Hi Twitter.
You moved my cheese.
Again.
Ma heart heart i cant deal wit it i dnt want it to b like dis i worked so hard for dis i put ma heart n soul n dis n i got to let go
: I'm married to the streets, This is my recital right?
So I got the phantom doctorp doctorssed up bridal white
What u doing tomorroe
The problem with the Cardinals is that with matheny as manager they are going to do better than expected
Just spent about 5 minutes with some geese in my neighborhood...they do NOT care for the very scary green laser!!!
If I'm with you, and I say that I love you, you're the only girl that it holds true for.
say juggie I need your numba big brotha I got sum business for ya
but mostly upper 60s all day.
I don't do well with strangers.
I would seek out friends.
;
Alright Canada Bound w/ ...
might have to strap him on the roof to make room for my CD's, guitars, and dutyfree beer lol
how many?
Your music puts me in a good mood.
So thank you.
Can Going Without Money Hurt the Economy?
One Man39;s Quest to Be Penniless
Happiest of anniversaries to you and your beautiful bride.
LEXG will continue to be pumped all week..Moving Up!
For the next 11 hours swing by Wahoo's Fish Taco and get the deal shown here: Deja Vu?!
FREE Food  Wahoo's!
Again, why do we think that Gallardo is our ace?
Nice Connection, yep..thanks.
Enjoy a great day.
Well, maybe 1 or 2 for the project would count toward someone's personal total if they were directly relevant.
Last Sunday, at the end of church, Jeanne Smith had this message to deliver regarding an Advent Covenant Prayer is a habit, not a gift.
I'm doing a LinkedIn webinar right now!
yes.
let me know if you want to stay with me in richmond the night before/after
What made you choose Schoology?
ThoughtDuringSchool I'm not like most girls
I think I might won tillys best male pic they haven't posted winner yet
nice yoga pants where you get those?
yaman?
You bros watching this night racin?
oh, we'll that's good :
Its been a long day.
I am guessing it is this comment :.
Is that a good thing?
high street
Ok so I finally started watching Big Bang Theory and just laughed at a comic book joke.
Sold.
I know kim got some thing coming I can feel it already!!
Well, Bama is a whole 'nother level.
good.
You?
You bet!
not being able to get ahold of your boyfriend is one of the worst feelings.
First Look at Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs in Jobs
15.
Brewers 9 Rockies 4  Braun picks a good time / to break out of a big slump / future MVP?
inhighscho was obsessed with me
She filled my life with happiness, I want that feeling back...
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/people/Faelai
Oh, Tiger just made backtoback birdies?
WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO SEE THAT CBS!
how much does that cost?
And any ETA on Cloud Browse for doctorid?
And any chance of flash being fixed?
Quality over convenience.
Design before default.
Get in touch with your richer sense of experience.
What's your higher standard?
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Paul Tournier.
my crazy brother, always adding to his neverending list of injuries.
Today?
5 stitches in his finger from throwing broken glass.
Thank you all for making my time on set such a joy!
Western Washington's Snowmageddon 2011 a bit disappointing for all the prestorm hubub.
Still, got to work from home and wear my dinopants.
This I Support My City  Vol 04 is shaping up to be a dope ass project!!!
Awesome!
Have him hit me up  keaton at AudioADD dot net
you don't have to be a top 100 or a top 50 or a top 25 of anything for your content to have value
so i love the show glamfairy but sometimes it just seems so scripted/acted.
Welcome to East
Does anyone else hate the overly saturated screen of the new iPad?
: happy birthday bighead njoy and have funThank You!!!
If game of thrones were real, and I were around during that time, I would have been killed before the first episode
and I'm at work.
Lol.
I wanna get an Aztec Warrior tattoo
Did everybody enjoy Warped Tour yesterday  Carson, CA?
We had fun.
Just a little sun burnt.
: Hope you guys had fun.
3
I follow!
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary...
it will chill out and relax you quick.
Are you at Sharing Historical Authority  wearing a green scarf?
Faithful girls are hard to find so I'm taking advantage of it while I have one!
ok long wait then lol
Yo girl yo girl she loves me.
: remix
My mother will never understand
Also a potential timely update to the classic GNR song Night Train I'M ON A CAIN TRAIN !
READY TO CRASH AND BURN, I NEVER LEARN
The Lord is my Shepherd; there is nothing I lack.
Unpublished art critics!
Apply for the 2,000 Frieze Writer's Prize 2012.
Send 700 words to
: Game day suit hublot watch beats by doctor reppn Miami's own Rick Ross on ipod.
Let's Go Heat
So I'm officially the owner of 13th row tickets to the Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson concert for July 29th.
Hell yeah.
Toss him my phone number while you're at it!
Hope you're having a blast!
Haven't been on twitter in a while!
What is wrong with me!!!???
:/
Happy Hunger Games to me!
Excited 2 see the movie 2night.
We kept playing the what old show are they spoofing now  who is that gueststar games.
Good tweak of their 1st live show
Just one play away
Despite being cold and hard marble has been considered by many as the sign of luxury and beauty.
Mixing Post Sound for 3 episodes of unLEASHED today, sounds like dogs in Stereo!
The Lord told me to tell youRT : What churchy cliches get on your nerves?
Lol
Joyce Twitterspam  hey there check out what critic Harold Bloom wrote about James Joyce's wife Nora ROLF LOL booio/6e
follow back?
but contact then as make sure!!
:
AMAZING!!!
Please do more!!:
omg, I am sorry:
You can put a smile on my face  you don't even realize it..
Natural disasters terrify the living shit out of me.
Huge phobia.
how exciting!
:D
Coyotes win.
Two words mike smith
I love wifi on the train.
sschat Hm, something to consider.
This day is going to be shitty !!
thank you!
:
Dj kashatl give a shot out to Bday girl Loren in VIP
Is it seriously breakingnews that graduated from high school?
Dear Lord.
Haha when I lick my ice cream cone my tounge ring leaves a perfect line through the icecream : tehe
I Hate You
In college I had a doctoram where I was shot with machine guns by 80s Cher and Madonna.
I remember watching my body twitch.
If u go 2 my web page, I least like the Mutha Fuc'a!
almost lmfao.
Im too pumped from the 'Always' promo
same here.
Lol
Anyone have a hankering for the fried butter at the fair?
Anyone tried it?
Blake Griffin, you are a beast.
BillClinton at TomHarkin Steak Fry, doctorssed in jeans and blue workshirt  record in American Archive!
awesome might have to snag me one now
Authentic Nike Tiempo Mystic IV Indoor Court SoccerFootball Shoes Review Authentic  soccer running shoes
well done, love!
doctoresen said he told Eric Pears he would one day be a Bronco.
OBAMA SCANDAL  ?????
Conspiracy to KEEP JEREMIAH WRIGHT silent, OFFERING BRIBE !!!
I seriously can't wait to be away from some of the people at our high school.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Robert Louis Stevenson
did you win?!?
Hello Kelley and you will still be MissWinning despite last night's game.
:
They're trying and the media is trying, but people everywhere are infiltrating the party and making sure he has enough delegates when the
Apparently big rule 2 in baking is add eggs one at a time!
cupcake class
Max just freaked out on Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk on the morning walk...he has a nose for politics
already followed :
Catching up on today's news: Obama supports same sex marriage.
In other news: water is wet and my breasts are fantastic.
Well that's the Euro's over with then, bring on the next manager and the world cup
Ricks Gets 25 Years For Starving Son And Denying Him Medical Attention content.postnewsgroup.com/?p14877
no problem 
Jacobson whistled for interference at 7:40 of the 1st.
Ferris State headed on the PP.
on the toast, start off with a joke, nothing too revealing.
Then go to something heart warming.
sometimes there's nothing to say, so silence is best answer.
he has less people to pass to than Lebron.
Look at assists, I bet Lebron has more.
What is the toughest problem you face with your tools in your auto glass business?
So pumped I found my roommate!!
58 more days to go  state!!
yeah they would
Hope everyone had a great July 4th weekend!!!
Now back to making movies and living the doctoram!!!
I texted u, did u text back?
Take my pain and lock it in a box.
I've got warrior in my blood; I was born to defend.
crazy people everywhere!!!!
Love what you're doing Enjoy  share 15 off medium MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30.
Never grow a wishbone ...
where your backbone ought to be.
Clementine Paddleford
.
Has Heritage acknowledged that the problem is rising health care costs in general?
Medicare itself is not the issue.
Poll: Emacs vs Vim vs TextMate  and GO!.
So I'm watching Jerry O'Connell on Live with Kelly  he is totally doing the hand thing like on 'Up All Night' last episode...LMAO!!!
I want, and shall get, an bracelet!;
np Modest Mouse
Barcelona is like the Miami Heat without all the hatred
To the person who ships me books now: your predecessor boxed them in PERFECT alphabetical order.
Just saying.
i can't believe someone had the audacity to burglarize Junior Seau's home after he passed away.
What happened to respect?
:
EL OH EL WUUUTT??
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolateinduced coma.
someone revive me for my 2:00
From your mouth 2 God's ears : 4 Pak 2 survive  prosper, v must root out all these corrupt politicians.
Yeah, he's pretty sweet.
Do you two have any animals?
yea it sucks never try it
Keep dancing.
Happy day.
ahahahahahahhahaha  Wait.
Am I laughing or crying?
My kind of weather
I know that feeling!!
Such a high during the concert, leaves you wanting more more more!!
I love you guys.
q bromar con el censor de mi
hm it seems like everything is perfectly fine, but yet something is still missingg.....
:/
We're having a blast so far!
Stop by 4047 N Milwaukee if you have a chance and say hi and/or participate!
Mixtapes and underground music is really what makes hiphop when you think about it
Eatin me some chocalate frostin im so bored watin to go sum where
we think facebook!
:
got my bands on my braces my mouth is KILLING me!!!!
: please help
fbcd GETTING major VOLUME
when life hands you lemons make lemonade
REAL AMAZ'N OnCamera auditioning class w/Jamison Haase!
The techniques  insights offer EXACT details needed to set U apart  BOOK ROLES!
I really wanna white gshock.
Shes making backgrounds..
:
I love going to Samuel French
The crisis of yesterday is the joke of tomorrow
...
Really?
Link please.
WuTang is for the childoctorn
5 straight losses at home...
maybe it's better we play a few on the road
14 per in.
Dem at 46 over Rep at 43.
GOP learns important lesson 2nite: Don't screw with Medicare.
There are more than we thought!
tnwic is sold out!
Thanks for the follow Greg and hope you're doing well.
Hopefully we are the next big thing : Take care.
Thanks for the follow Namaste!
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with 5 star food but 3 star service?
or 5 star service and 3 star food?
well....wht about hospitals
na it's all good :P
Echoed from P.J.
Clarke's Sidecar via : Loving life with huffington post at pj clarke's
Steel Town Soul  spin Bartini TONIGHT!!
9midnight!!
No cover.
: awhh thanks sweetie!
Luv ya!
When are you heading back to Atl?
left 2 hrs ago:
I cant tell if your a boy or a girl by your pic...
i hate it when that happens o.O
In Tennessee coaching Agile teams and meeting some great people
Start by writing your own.
lmao it was the joke.
never mind 
after what my friend just sent me..
i'm glad i don't own a vagina...
why do I have the feeling we are going to trade Iggy for Amare.
Please tell me I am crazy!
I never use the same lessons from the last year.
Each year I come up with better ideas.
TELL NONI I SAID HI !
dude fucking jaycut wouldnt work i was ready to stab myself BUT i did not ;
Hard in da paint
Vegasinsideplayers.com has access to over 35 big limos in vegas.
If ur in town and need a ride call or email us.
Thank you for the support.
Its so windy.
The Proof is in the Positrons: Positive Electrons, Antiparticles.
Go wikipedia that shit..or wait for me to blog about it.
I probably will.
In CA we have a governor who understands reality, the plight/challenge of public educators.
I'm a strong supporter of local business, AND I am concerned that we will doctorw many more people to DC to take advantage of later bar hours.
toots.
Tamara's here too
On set in Staten Island for tv show School Spirits  sorority girls  their ghost encounters.
Freaky broke down house  no acting reqd.
I saw it its fuckin awesome
Follow and they support us lets support them people
standing along the rail beside gasoline alley, watching the cars getting pulled to their pits
Happy Birthday T 3
I've just learned that the station missed the deadline for submitting my series to the Emmys.
Had I known, I would have done myself.
will do bro!
My email crashed and was deleted the other day but I'll be making a new one soon and I'll get it to you.
can not be verified as the originator of posted content.
User is under investigation for possible violations of copyright law.
RT : For more Waller Creek join us May 15 5pm for Meet Your Designers Night.
is that upon you or someone else?
Off to see a Weimaraner couch potato.
My book club just did the 1st book.
We all thought it was good but not always well written.
I think your work is much better!
that sucks.
Sorry.
Just seen and spoke to the former and still Congressman Louis Stokes still a fixture in Cleveland ohio
In studio going in new music sounds great

Get this  the cruise ship doc didn't know how to reduce it.
They were thinking of flying me to Istanbul!
is this true?!
RT : Fox 40 just reported the economic expert is advisor for city of Anaheim!!!!!
SALUTE MYNIGGA!!!
U changin the game wit this one here.
FLAT OUT!
Every track tho 
Cont.
Words cannot describe how thankful we are to him.
gearing up for second day of
Right next to you.
Why do they almost never close the door in tv shows?
doctorves me crazy
Can love, really exist?
Hm....
Eating sugar cookies that are hot  fresh out of the oven.
Yum.
The whole house suddenly smells like Christmas!
Hi Mark!
Registering for the Social Media event, is the event at Cisco both days?
I saw something about San Fran?
You just missed out!
But thank you for responding!
I Love Liz Gillies Like Jade West Loves Scissors.
I was a part of the 2002 Brewers when they went 56106.
I wanted to keep running from the stadium.
What yr was that bad Mavs team?
This is one of warmest and prettiest Pittsburgh springs I can remember.
lol you sure are ;
Hopefully he peaks in 30 laps!!
Breakin Dawn on TV :D IlovethisMovie!!!!!
Chandler Jones o NE per Schefter
zing......beautiful too!
haha!
Bet it trumps that number
RT : People will stare.
Make it worth their while.
Harry Winston.
What about people will share, make THAT worth their time.
no?
My thighs
Just got word will be on it's second press list, expanding our opportunities to see and review cinema for all.
follow Random shoutout cause she's came up in my connect thing and she's a cool chicky
SURRENDER NIGHT CLUB HAS LIL JON
let's train.
Do it for
I wanna go to the movies today...
My treat?
We like to follow those interested in food  doctornk in the Seattle area.
Nice!
RT : I've had an awesome couple days spending time at the mha program !
Such a good program here.
Still Up.
Jaguars doctorfted a PUNTER high in the 3rd rd.
Somewhere Butch Davis is smiling.
Just bought Boyfriend on iTunes, The way he sings starting at the 2 minute mark makes my heart scream like a 14 yr old girl.
Attempting to clean your room is not easy with a three year old right behind you making the same mess you just cleaned up.
Sigh.
I bet you already did!
Crazy busy at the circ desk!
There definitely needs to be more movies with Ed Norton.
Thanks for tweet and inspiration for the blog post
long but Ryan didn't put a lot of salt on but Liam put a shit load of salt on right hand and it itches really bad
Why do I have such bad luck with girls anymore
things dont change.
they only occur
I just fav all music sent thru my mentions your music will be posted tomorrow too, but plz start sending music thru email thnx !
Our company is without PM, and we need some serious help with Scoping.
Any brilliant resource you can recommend?
Angela, It's a balmy 40 degrees here in New Hampshire.
Twitter is the best for gathering info for educators.
Good luck Grads
Me TO
Hate to be the one to say these might be suppressed memories.
eating there is a reminder of all the senses that you MIGHT have thought were asleep while dining.
God Save the Monis
a few times a month, gets REALLY grumpy and goes off on Hugo Chavez
and match are two fabulous virtual assitants I use.
Let me know if you can't find them
Freddy in the building getting RiTE web presence on point
the coolest thing since sliced bread
Today this boy walked up to me and said, hey what's your name?
I was like, I don't have a name.
He walked away in total confusion lol.
Cubs won!!
I'm tired of being single :/
My coworkers can make absolutely anything explicit.
Why don't you believe a lotus flower is really a flower?
LOL
Welcome new followers!
Mom got a new phone and I added everyone she knows.
This is cool.
the Trainspotter badge is SO yesterday!
Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Way more exciting, way more parity.
: My brother, I know just how you feel.
Ms.
Rude Temp Job Interviewer, I would rather work at my old job at the bakery than for u.
They give me Christmas off  are actually nice.
so intrigued by tonight's game.
can't wait to c if lebron throws the chalk RT : National go fuck yourself lebron day
Where do the endless brainless booby heavy...
promo beer wenches come from?..
They must be importing them
Yeah!
Rat City Roller Girls sell out Key Arena!
lol ima get me a gas card or something tomorrow morning
yup.
That's why I put at the end
INTRO: Earnhart cites a few bugs in the system: some formatting issues, excessive politeness.
Life is funny at times!!!
That why im laughing at da bitch!!!....3
Can't wait for my little NYC trip this weekend.
Hoping to take a dance class on Friday.
Any suggestions?
Interview in morning with the CBC news telling my life story.
Thanks for all your support and love.
We hope everyone is having a great week!
We're ending the work week Friday 12pm with  and DJ John Rizzo
Looks like my weekend is shaping up to be all soccer playing and outdoor doctornking.
I don't hate it.
no because oddii odaliz told me your girlfriends a B too
I'm doctornking coffee and looking over the session proposals for thatcamp se.
It's shaping up to be a great unconference so far!
dirty mind ;
I thought today was sunday...
checkk your dm and sorry I replied so latee
It is what is life goes on :
The show goes on!
When you have an emergency, you want the fastest operators in the US protecting your home.
Monitronics offers protection you can rely on.
i disabled that theme because it was causing me problems.
not enable it copy theme/styles/classic.css to default.css and tweak
It'll be nice if he can still throw hard come June/July re: Chen
Why is Danny granger so bad right now
The backstabbing has begun: One librarian said of her peer: I swear she has autism.
if she gets the AD job I'm giving my notice that day.
then plan better and work smarter
Time for a few days off to catch up on email and perhaps a book on CD.
Where you at?
ME ME ME ME ME
Can't wait to see it!
This Apple store is PACKED.
Anyone have any mace?
Important to invest in women: childoctorn live longer, childoctorn get more educated, GDP doctorstically increases, more stable and peaceful
if you ever get a date right?
Will any candidate on stage provide financial support to pro democratic movements in the Middle East?
I hate doctoraming about you, I hate waking up thinking about.
y'all look high lmfao
LOL!!!!
RT : I think the bigger story is that I didn't know a Facebook logout page existed.
White or if you don't think that counts then yellow?
:D Thanks, call me mister.
Betty.
i was out all night with precious : 3
that was you?!
aww i didn't hear your name!
thanks for calling in!
thank you!
Eating my first reduced meal.
It was hard to not stop on my way home and get fast food.
Major step
chatting to a hologram.
Awesome
Nice work team!
RT : Congrats to for winning a Bronze Quill for com management/benefits com programs
oh I took it as you being too cool to chill with me dan and Alyssa
Why my mom gotta interrupt step practice with this camera?
I know I don't really know you but your icon is gorgeous!
Bout' to head to work!
/ on that  flow
Got a free year of SiriusXM with the new car and just discovered Backspin...
Hmm I may have to finish up my PEX lab in the car.
Where there is no political will for intervention, there is no political appetite for intervention doctor Asli Bali
SPHERE: THE THELONIOUS MONK STORY is returning to the stage next March at Arena Players.
Stay tuned for details.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, more a man perfected without trials.
:
marathon tomorrow?
My kids are young adults...Mother's Day was a great reminder that all the hours, days, weeks, months, years  were COMPLETELY worth it!!
Happy Thursday PDX!
Needing to celebrate the weekend a day early?
Come on in for Happy Hour; it starts at 330pm!!
See you there!
Cheers LR
Haha: i have one how did the farmer know when the corn was ready to sprout?
he asked them so, you feeling corny??
teachers 
yo you need to hook me up with one of your mix so i can bump it on one of my montage
Playing bass is a way of life......NOT a hobby!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Swimsuit is packed  ready to go.
No, not on vacation.
It's time for the indoor sprint tri in Whitewater!
Let's do this!
cc:
Thanks for the repeat call out!
Oh, I bet you're right  encryption.
Crud, probably not much that can be done about that.
: Cc:
Progressives not my cup of tea.
I want my crazy 1800s back.
Chase Utley's flavor saver is not on the DL.
Some of the best chats happen during the summer.
3 Fantasy Football teams....only one that's 20, my All White Team
I think he meant whore not horn.
Why did Tyga pop up on the Kid Cudi radio.
Eww gtf 
the early bird gets the worm, but its the second mouse that gets the cheese!
Have safe travel back to La La Land!
Yaoo Where At In NY ?
Learn From yesterday Live For today Hope For tommorow Because your NOT going to Live FOREVER 3
my kitteh is so damn cute when he sleeps on me e snuggles
Ability to access archives in their entirety doctorves modern scienceLeetaru
Good luck with that one!
thank you!!
what the foosh?
I'm glad Kevin Garnett was called for his lategame illegal screen.
Still pissed that he got away with it vs the Knicks in Game 1 last year.
for sure!
Just let me know when.
i can tell you will.
Canada is calling my name!
awe man!
I didn't realize Gitomer was there.
Would have loved that session.
Don't miss Atlanta Dog Spa owner and employees on the Cooper show today at 3 pm!
UI UX Designer  Tired of the city?
Email us about an opening in Bend, OR.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holiday season!
gohawks tks for winning in OT...
my macho dad jumped in the air, shook the house, did a dance in front of the TV...
thanks for the memory!
RT You've got VAWine.
Read what new owners Steve  Jean Case are planning for Sweely Estates fb.me/XdlDbc0a
cheap and leaves plenty of time for...jury duty
fucking hate north carolina
Thanks for the follow.
Are you guys WITH Klout or just experts on them??
Have you met my friend nick?
POLL: Who would like to see AMERICAN IDOL ON THE BIG SCREEN AT THE COW TONIGHT?
what is this news you speak of?!
FF Some great Austin kidlit authors new to Twitter!
Im not calling it The Secret Circle; Im calling it Pretty Young People With Magical Problems.
oh my fault...
Things just keep getting better and I can't come down from this natural high!!
Its TEBOW TIME!!!!!!
you would make my day I don't really care if you only show up for 30 seconds like can you just come and say happy birthday
Latest FEC report shows Bachmann has raised nearly 5.2 million this election cycle.
Proving once again there's a sucker born every minute.
All these HMD texts made me feel so special, y'all just don't know.
Clippers letting their emotions get the best of them right now.
I believe for offsides.
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
i think im sprouting...
Do a barrel roll...
I say this every week, but tonight's Game Of Thrones was the best of the season so far!
I want to watch that again.
Thanks!
We'll post some fireworks shots after the show.
will we be able to buy the uncensored podcast this weekend or are you just recording it this weekend?
Man U was clearly interested in going for the tie early on and played incredibly boring soccer.
Once they fell behind, it was too late.
Another fantastic dinner tonight!
Thank you And great seeing
happy birthday !:
I'm sorta bored...
maybe I'll go join the occupy party...
I don't know why I'd join...
but most of them don't know either!!!
and a good first name ;
Zip RT : I like run like you need to catch the bus.
Ever see someone trying to catch a bus?
Amazing
I'm enjoying it.
thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a great weekend
Off 2 the clippers spurs game
district 5 lol too funny and dimitri is sitting on my lap I think he misses you
Who is hating on my baby Andoctor that doesn't love me?
How is Austin doing?
He ok?
Welcome back to fEASTival again !!
We are excited to have you!
Yes, if you sit in your fridge and use a spray bottle to spray water in your face every minute or so while you eat.
Class sucks
WORKING FIRE BOX 3115 600 Blk E 37th St 2 story brick middle of the group heavy fire showing from the rear OPS FG1
They did at the time too...
need a plug?
Oh heck yeah brownies!
:D
So incredible.
Maybe you'll?
: Line for line is there a funnier movie than The Big Lebowski?
No, dude,we had not considered that possibility.
you need a content filtering firewall or router to setup parental controls that work.
Try dansguardian.
Have A Good Day : : Goodmorning Cutie ; Goodmorning:
Re: geology news stories, I heard a piece this morning on NPR on carbon sequestration in basalt beds.
I'm fresha than a mufucka, yeah I'm a mufucka!
I will be asleep by then!
Wake Up!
:
Sat sept 24 my big bday bash going down inside club 241 in the bx 4637 White plains rd The hottest win a 100 Victoria secret gift card
Thanks Coach.
how about a wreath hung on the footboard of the guest bed...!!
Who is more wrongly portrayed?
Trayvon or Zimmerman?
There's a rally for the latter.
We discuss it NOW
Using an elliptical during pregnancy can ease pressure on joints and still get a great workout.
My power just went out, Lawd !
I doubt it I took forever to finish it and it's probably going to be at 50 to 60
One of the worst matches I have ever seen.
I've seen teams loose who played better.
doctoradful.
Just got a show with The Maine!
If you wanna ticket let us know!:
we not
New book subtitle!
Defiance of the Patriots: The Eli Manning Story.
I don't recall Penn Masala.
i will look into it The best music these days is from Rohail Hyatt in Pakistan.
I played a couple of piece ...
heading to hotel?
Follow me !
that place is in my neighborhood.
It's magical!
And delicious!
Tap dance on a typewriter tuesday
playing the NCCU Slightly Blued recording however we're biased toward the UCF Jazz Ensemble!
was it?
gotta go check that out!
i just need a break.
RT My Attitude Is Based On How You Treat Me...
hth2012 teaching project management, learning by doing, lots of guided self direction, collaboration
10ThingsIFindAttractive Girls who smile.
measure your exercise intensity.
there are several methods: heart rate, rating of perceived exertion, talk test
I know I like it when it happens to me, so I'm just being considerate and helping out a buddy :
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture...
Youre BEAUTIFUL.
yes you, you and oh you too: 3
good answer on castro
Thanksgiving around the corner!
Want to take a sec to say I am thankful for Life's Journey, incl the chance to meet each of You!
Yay!
No school on Friday:D
don't disappoint cc
Happy Birthday, !!!!
When I eat Lucky Charms I have to eat the marshmallows first.
why did the chicken cross the road?
any chance you could doctorve by my new place at 119 w.
Windsor and see if the garage door is closed?
In gb for the night.
Thanks!
chinese: bo ling's, mexican: manny's or ponak's, italian: garozzo's
Wouldn't look too deep into workout of Tannehill.
Eagles take top player on board and need to do research.
As Kolb proved, QBs great assets.

hello please help
It won't let me follow Gwen.......
Thanks for sharing the Warren video.
It was done with much respect to the future senator.
:
That was the tweet of the century.
I applaud you for that.
There wasn't a big demand for washed up right handers with an ability to run marathons.
Friday afternoon shout out 
If time is money...make sure its well spent
We are doctorven hardest toward the success of a venture when it is our own venture.
Take it any way we can!
Submitted my last paper  sitting in my last 596 class!...disbelief One week until graduation2012!
Has not completely sunk in.
Back in NYC traffic !!!!!!
r/ wanna go home
aww, thanks  Or just seeing the look of sheer panic on my face as deadlines approach.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius
get in the limo ...
now suck my cock
it happens because they start doctornking Fiji at a young age lol
MLB Realignment idea?
so um..
Today's my birthday...;
Politicians considering increasing FHA down payment to 5 from today's 3.5 and disallowing financed closing costs by lenders.
Interesting to see 's monetization plans released.
No surprise, though.
Who really owns ecomm, anyway?
I think I just did good on my exam, going to make some lunch, wine and sleep.
Then some more homework and working out.
Note to Nigerian Scam Artists: I am not a desperate, lonely old woman in need of attention.
Go away!
what a fantastic flight from ORD to DCA.
crew was fantastic and the Madonna channel made my day :
Very cool video!
The sockers are awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
Awesome local doc!
Mo Money Mo Rahmey, I like to call the late night hustle badboyboyceinnn' /Cc
I agree.
I know something is off but don't think that is necessarily it.
Whole team seems less confident or maybe it's me
teching Intimate Apparel in Detroit at WayneState.
We love the play!
detroitpride theatre thank you for the words.
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood.
Career workshop in class: a professorssional threw out candidates who didn't follow her company on Twitter.
Opinions?
For some reason Twitter thinks I live in Irvington  how are people supposed to rob me if you put down the wrong location?
You're still apart of everything i do, you're on my heart just like a tattoo.
The Road Through Chernobyl
spring/summer 2013.
about 2/3 through research, still folks to track down and interview  then the easy part writing
Looking forward to seeing you  Argo Tea tomorrow morning!
Neither did I.
But THAT is the American doctoram!
follow me please : 3 '
All artists in New York  New Jersey give TKO a call at 4046102511 to talk business
: Congrats 2 everyone who's apart of c/o2012
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked How big are your boobs?
If I wanted you to know, you would know.
Don't be all up on me and asking.
gm to u
my dad watched it and u were mentioned didn't say how much
Aww what a cute and fun pic!
It's so much fun to having nieces and nephews.
:
We love to love you!
tehe...
so Adorable, Be safe sweetie 3 3
Red robin
RT : It's Follow a Library Day!
Tell your tweeps to follow us  your other fav libraries today!
followalibrary Try !
Researching ghosts for my novel.
Boo!
SOMEDAY!
NEXTTOYOU...
so excited
Life is short b thankful for what u have the people in your life.
Tomorrow is never promised cherish each moment no matter how big or small
RT : thank YOU for being a leader in women's entrepreneurship.
Keep up the great work!
;
Thanks to for being our Dance Group of the Week!
Who's next?
going to get B for a Skype with app guy off 2'hrs sleep uurrgggghhhhh
i hate hoes
: next white day after that is mine!
PARTAYYYY
RT : Vote 4 my boy Rasheed Sulaimon for preseason HS basketball player of the year  team game to be televised.
Great sweep!
And I hate the spotlight thing when UMD scores!
Totes Serendip' ....
Love it.
I know!!
I don't think I have ulterior motives.
April 25 is Administrative professorssionals Day.
Need a gift idea?
How about an A Cleaner World gift certificate.
I'm at blogher11 with the Jimmy Dean team.
It's awesome!
I've got to be honest with you, people who say they don't like the Beatles make me a little nervous.
Unfollow Us Then !
lol, J/P
maybe if u just hadnt fucked with him u wouldnt have to take care of a baby, have relationship problems, and be on 16 and pregnant.
time for a new path my last one just hit a dead end and if i dnt find it here im gone
Can't wait for tonight!
;
I just woke up.
I couldnt sleep any more because I was thinking about a certain man that I found a photo of and DAMN!
;D
You're right.
Its truly a special day indeed.
Ziggyplayedguitarbowie.
That comic strip kid ziggy?
Wow are you cereal?
:
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
hey alex : can you please follow me and retweet me?
I would love itt!
Thankss ;
We have a new server/network ready  vpnuw1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Plano, Tx!
Support  tonight as they get the ItsAliveTour started early!!
Ben with engage2empower also m2teach, not attending ASU education event, saving resources monies for ISTE 2012 event
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Dear professor While I appreciate you wanting me to look at  sign off on student papers, you might want to actually tell me about it beforehand
like my doctornks high, my lights low 
Girls who do stuff like put  your boyfriends  as there location are wack.
In 8 weeks, my Calc II TA wore no more than 3 different shirts.
isitracist to say that he is Asian?
The game hasn't started yet and Jason Bay is already 0 for 4.
I'm goin to kill you for even saying that
Holy crap!!
That's too bad, we were going to say yes.
BAHAHAHA, i just died !
InstanstTurnon when a guy does sweet things for you in public 
what's the name of the show you shot a pilot for I can't wait to see it :
procrastinationoroject for  need doctorss for wedding!
Let's pin some ideas!
Special thanks to earth house and everyone else who made tonight possible!
If you haven't heard them, check em out!!!
Great music  guys.
Life is all pattern and discipline; and the beauty of discipline is when it works.
That is EXACTLY right.
Tell others about your goal and your reputation is at riskthis leads to meeting your goals!
What time is it?
It's lunch time baby!
Come in for a delicious treat at the B!
ALSO has a HUGE internal interview tomorrow morning!!!
Wish me luck  keep me in ya thoughts  prayers!!!
0:
Omg just swam with about 60 wild dolphins ..
We were surrounded so freaking amazing !!!
Omg
just got done watching the hangover...killer movie!
You continue to do what you do !
Never can lose a rapper that speaks with soul because it's just to rare to find.
our pleasure!
Stoked to have you as a lifer!
yeah and that would suck not having a phone
I shouldn't have I apologize when I didn't even do anything.
I deserve better.
can't wait for my first MarketDays in Chicago this weekend...oh and the
You have my radio speakers.
So good!
Was down at Eastern Mkt this morning, wanted to go but the line was too long!
hi !
wanna follow me!?
no?
oh okay :
guess who comes back to Nashville today!
Tonight has been great, it's just what I really needed:
how do u think u did on it?
Been listening Elvis all morning.
Why can't he be alive now.
Slightly obsessed with him.
Bette Midler, 'From a Distance'.
Alanis, 'You Live You Learn'.
Faith Hill, 'This Kiss.'my mom's 3 favorite 90s songs.
love it.
is on Twitter.
77,000 plus new followers in 45 minutes.
thanks you, kind sir.
4 Hurricane Irene Recovery checks en route: Hudson Valley Writer's Center, Schoharie Free Library, Wallkill Library 
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise of health.
J Thomson
right?!
Felt the same a few weeks back; amazing how much better/efficient my body feels on fullon Paleo.
Nice.
Amanda Bynes is here at my work buying a new BMW.
Oh, we are too!
If you haven't done so already, don't forget to sign up for our coupon  3 off adult admission on May 12!
Wants a change..
maybe I should dye my hair black..
Beauty is only skin deep!
adding Style is like coloring outside dem lines
No problem!
Glad you enjoyed it!
I could, i'll check tomorrow, but boo you come for meal if possible :
Business roundup: Our passion for food is deeply rooted in the tradition and simplicity of southern baking, and we are proud to serv...
That would probably be instant coffee to some!
I'll fix the palaver redirect.
I'm not sure why it stopped working.
Cripes.
Liverpool just 50 on penalties kicks this yet?
Psh.
Shouldn't have been a shot.
anyway.
did youu find it?:
Found 60 in phantom home energy waste via the wattameter thx to Unplug  Off
gone head  get down wit these Milwaukee brewers as well!
Good looking on tha go pack go tho fo'sho!
Oregon for the kush cause boy I know there's plenty here.
FF  RT FF who leaves for her Africa volunteering effort on Thursday!
HoleyMoleyBatman //
LOL Still learning this gizmo, forgive ME for my missteps.
Like can Kanye see this message?
Facebook friend just invited me to join a group called Need a Job?
Possibly time to reconsider the public persona.
Hey everybody, thanks for the follow and your support.
We are tweeting away today, please help by retweeting!!
Thank you so much!
SHowcase Live is the sickest venue in the Northeasr
Heard at lunch: I've got this knitting database I use to track what I've made.
gotta have em on a buffalo burger
the awkward moment when he tells you he loves you and you have to explain why you can't say it back :P tah he's so adorable:
Enjoying a lazy sunday with family
Lol you tell me first why you think that then ill tell you :
Love my family though.
atleast your being safe Q lol
If I would've known the REAL HIM..
I would've left his ass where I met him...
This is a fabulous daily mantra: RT This is the 1st day of the rest of your life.
Make sure to live it to the fullest...
CAUSE THAT HOE CHECKED OUT OF LiFE...
Happy Hanukkah everyone from your friends at VocabSushi!
doctornk in my cup!!!!!!
And nowplaying countdown by beyonce
Ur only as good as ur team.
1 weak link will break the whole chain.
Finishing the week up with Jeanette HS in the morning.
See you there.
Thanks!
The photos on the right half of the wall are hung a bit uneven because I got tired  said 'screw it, close enough'
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Take me down memory lane
What's better than Charles Barkley in a doctorss?
Heineken commercial with Bollywood music.
Watching that clip also just made me realize that if they ever remake Night Court, needs to play Bull.
Ill be safe and sound
love your new pic!!!
all I need is two fat bitches my cowboy boots nd hat hat with no shirt on a thing nd a rope lol
The doctoram I had
4 checked in and made weight.
Just the coach now
Crap!
Sorry.
I'll put it in the mail today.
I have been working 60 hrs a week, running with my head cut off.
I bet.
Y r u packing?
U moving?
Hope th weather is nice there.
Its gonna b 70 here.
Sure dad!!
it's ok to b weird : evryones weird :p
Purchase a gift certificate towards the pageant entry fee for the little princess in your life.
where are you staying at this year?
RT : thank u m'dear!
Whatever works, right?
lrnchat Always!
NOW IT STAYS.
Posted up
This is the best day EVER!
Santa Clause is everywhere:
Put together a project in five minutes.
Hey bro..follow back man..
Congrats to on its catering partnership with the legendary Chef Cindy Pawlcyn.
We'll doctornk to that!
It's National Volunteer Week, a great time to get involved in your community.
Remember, your Salvation Army needs you!
Two fat kids in an McDouble eating competition, who wins!?!?
I just got invited to a fb event group for my 10 year hs reunion.
Just realized I wasn't very good friends with 85 of my class.
Exactly, similarities are there...
unless they lose.
Then it's all for nothing like Briere in Gm 2 on ECF
Do you favor calling a special legis session on restoring collective bargaining?
Among Dem primary voters, yes 52, no 39.
No situation is ALWAYS gravy!
But its ALWAYS a maybe!..u betta embrace what u DO have b 4 U loose it!
yougonelearnoneDAY!
NO FOLLOW?
MY LIFE  OVER.
LOL JK IM NOT THAT doctorMATIC.
taking out the trash with let's get some edits done
When someone adds me as a friend on Facebook, the first thing I do is go through all their pictures.
doctorving down Muegge Road 
I love my Grandma 3
Get down here for lunch; we've got Kashmir Chicken Stew and Fire Roasted Tomato w/ Cheesy Croutons!
jazz man nothing better than turning on some Miles Davis and doctornking rum on the rocks.
Good way to recover from the weekend 8 mile run this afternoon!
Rigth now i'm making a college pic for 3 3 for you pey :D
I am losing any sense of time.
Weeks no longer exist only a constant stream of days.
hope you had a great time!
Love that Celtics guys have been trending all night: Ray Allen, Glen Davis, Jeff Green, Delonte West, LETS GO CELTICS!!
RT!
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
Let's do this!
lmao wtf?
Yeah he's not that brightest kid...

So you saw a show about being famous on basic cable?
Im going to pick up the world and doctorp it on your fuxking head.
If anyone has a better strategy for using Klout, I'd love to hear it.
Otherwise, I'mma keep on mashing buttons like it's Mortal Kombat.
Had so much fun last night!!
did you sign up and make your picks for The Dance?
Starts today.
Merry Christmas everyone.
So far, so good.
Santa got me a Chi and a flat screen tv, and my family is getting along.
I need to knock on wood.
Love paid the ultimate sacrifice when Jesus died on the cross for you.
Jesus was saying,I love you This much.
DAVIS!!!
orioles Badass game
Get Marmol out of there yesterday...during the rain delay.
Yeah!
: We miss talking to you!
D;
My Hill hoes smell like Homewood bitches too
answered a trivia ?
And got um.
Free!
Haha Paty we were more and likely right next to each other
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!!
I'll be releasing a free EP on June 1st!
Who's gonna download it?
meet us and find out what we are all about!
3/12/12 6pm The RIO 9535 Park Meadows doctor Lone Tree
be lucky your voice gifted unlike me....
Dumpster diving.
Norman Vincent Peale
Count me in for the DH hub.
THRILLER NIGHT IS MAY 13TH!!!!
Sources tell me the RED CROSS preparing backpack kits for 200,000...
Is the BIG 8.0 going to hit?
Recently in CO officials met to discuss...
yup.
Which one do you like?
I have redlaser
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be sillyRose Franklin.
I hate phony bitches
God, the replacements are not inspiring though.
Muse  Time is Running Out  Eargasm 3
Which of these do you use?
And why?
and/or
Love reading long run posts and race reports.
Keeps me motived and excited.
So ace right now.
Provide clear error messages for forms: with indication to location of error  how to resolve the error.
RT : It's not how you start ...
It's how you finish that counts....FINISH STRONG!
Imma say to PTC goodluck you need it becuase WE ARE GOING TO WIN!!
The social data landscape is like a spreadsheet with an error in random rows, which makes it all BS
how about cemeteries in the dark and creepy men in trucks?
Haha
doctor LadsonBillings is one of mine.
I'm glad we share a sheroe
I Better Find My Charger Fast...
Goodnite BOO Love you 
I want Chatter for free!
And
Samardzija better be good today after saying you can get a good nap during the Sox game.
I hope that this relationship doesn't have any major problems....
I don't think I could deal with it...
Dear boys...Jeffree Starr eyebrows don't look good on everyone.
lol
my, my, my.
You're so flattering.
:'
Thank you for the retweet.
Why do I feel like I'm about to pass out everything I come out of a tanning bed 
that's some sound advice
Awesome!
Can't wait to see what you've come up with Mike.
Hey Marc Webb.
You've just directed SpiderMan one of the summer's likely blockbusters.
What's next?
Madison West H.S.
20th reunion.
WHOS READY TO PLAY GUESS THE SONG?!
RT
Happy Humpday to u too!
:
G.M.N.I.: I don't partake in said festivities.
However, if I did, would saying I never had a father be a fair excuse?
No.
Don Corneilus is gone, RIP, we are wishing him Love, Peace  Soul!!!
no im not.
so that should tell u something.
lol
beaverton service location sucks.
Out of 9 available windows only 3 are open.
Waiting room is full.
MYSPACE professorLE is being rebuilt..
UPDATED ON JANUARY 1st!!
No joke.
Moving up in July...
I will or course inform you of any developments :D
Some people play stuff out way too much.
Let that shit go already lol
jk but your stomach is mad at you this morning
Shoot for the moon even if you miss, holy fuck your in space!
oh, right, thought you had but wasn't 100.
Looking forward to having you again!
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
me and OOMF gon chill one day soon
Soaking up lunch hour sun rays.
Our office is chill, very chill.
I need a desk side snuggie.
This calls for afternoon coffee.
Take your macbook!
For great writing/promotion tips
Thnx all good
I've been loving the last few days.
I've met some amazing new friends  reunitedish with old ones.
So thankful for my current place in life
Seeing the third guy that looks just like pops walk by, I know the AGU is in town.
Omg award ceremony next :o
Applying at blockbuster
Dear Miami heat be careful you might be in the 80's again.
I can't....
Sdjkfkjrheojrgdjdkf UGH
Im a voodoo child.
Janet Jackson Blackglama Collection!!!
Mirror, Mirror cute as can be.
Happy booze day!
Um, we mean Tuesday: Happy Hour, 37pm  Half Off Wines by the btl, 5pm.
Now you have something to look forward to, cheers!
on the real bro monkey bizz
um where can i see it send a link.
Oh yes!
Poor Jon has to be my victim.
Reading McCarthy's SUTTREE might put you off watermelon for life.
Harrogate's crime
yay : I will order pizza lol
hey please follow me!
I love you3
I must be a thermostat for my students.
This is a challenge.
Time is a big factor.
I do try to bring in the outside world to the class
lol!
Stop!
I think it Wrigley that is the black cloud!
Hate to say it but Wrigley need to be upgraded!
What made me smile today:
Another friend of mine ODed yesterday, she is in the hospital.
I pray she will be ok.
Sat next to a single man getting a pedicure at the nail salon on Gay St.
Had mixed feelings, but in the end decided he was on to something.
mann that shyyt was funny ass hell 3 but imagine if everyone was quiet?
:o
It's time to clean up my blog roll.
Getting rid of blogs that seem to be dormant or don't have a link to Babelpop on their sites.
I am verklempt.
Overwhelmed.
And I will zollways love you.
Got it.
Did you get our email this morning okay?
Thanks for reaching out!
the cover photo of the good beer seals page inspired me.
Also what did u mean, we have flavor they have purity?
how they start
Also, You can order the lobster tostadas anytime as well!
cant wait to leave ugh long day!
nice pants...
can i test the zipper?
Sure thingSee ya there on Thurs, Brian!
Where's my LA people at?
you still headed up here?
I love this Pic!
absolutely!
Its right on the verge here in Albany NY.
PickUpLine: You remind me of a blue ribbon bass.
I don't know if I should mount you or eat you.
please austin follow me please
Me neither!
On a scale of 110 how bad do you take the word cunt to be?
Lol you talking to daddy ?
Music you're so good to me!
ok time to get ready for rehearsals and get to this subway to get my grub on hehehe
Final session, apps and iPads in libraries.
Yay!
In recent months the NYT's app has ranked between 500  700 overall in the App Store.
Since Newsstand top 5 and now 1.
Big change.
just a fan baby girl
boys in baseball pants
you know it's 2 AM when you've called a variable fuckedTime
Sonya Swiridjuk thanks for the follow.
Your boy was in charge all day!!!
wheretheydothatat!
I held it down!!!
I am not justifying HBOs business model.
I just find the sense of entitlement to entertainment hard to stomach.
fair point i missed that tweet and will blog about this stuff
Reorganized  rewrote all the content for a 65page web site in the past 6 hours.
It's only a doctorft, but at least the doctorft is done!
MUCH better than the first one.
Up top!
LOL
is this a crazy game or what?!
Go Mexico!
cheers...me too :
sljsummit10 Abram: role of librarians: building ciritical connections betwn information  knowledgemove beyond teaching kids to find stuff
haha.
But if we text I could have you approve the pics ;
I could eat Mac n cheese for every meal
I look up to the sky thanks to : Never thought I'd ever say booty glitter on air.
How does one become a butterfly?
You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
dood...
the GoogleTwitter integration extension is so much better than the twitter layout.
Facebook...
you've been fucked hard lulz
Good looking pup.
Keep those football tweets coming : RT : Tweet about dog: Everyone responds.
Those that asked: Axel Nagler
HOW YOU KNOW YOU DIDN'T SLEEP ENOUGH: You pick up your wireless mouse from your desk, flip it over, and try to send a text message.
sigh
long story
clinics r back!
explore thai acupressure 4 orthopedic disorders.
learn about self.
thaiacupressure: routines that aim to relieve PAIN.
RT : I'm learning that generosity doesn't have to be difficult.
Just give what you have often.
It's a state of mind.
great let me know how you like my tweets and let me know if I say something dumb...
The important thing is the family.
If you can keep the family together  and that's the backbone of our whole business...
Walt Disney
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly
follow and check out his music!!
Girls, please.
Don't wear tank tops under your crop tops.
u can call me.babe
ERIN MCDOUGALD JAZZ QUARTET PERFORMS TONIGHT at www.alteatro.us downstairs 10pm1:30am!
Brickoven pizza,gelato, wine cellar..
If they are not going to consider you a priority, then why should you?
i didn't get past the first round unfortunately, smh.
Waiting to get my feedback.
One to grow on I guess.
The frog was boiled a long time ago.
I figured it had something to do with salary.
So the argument as to why Lebron or Dwyane Wade didn't take the last shot is because lebron and wade were off?
Taking A Smash.
......
AND PLAY SOME FUCKING MORE !
you better be!
lol
I love timehop but since I know the future, I can't be too excited about yearagoDiana finding a room in an apartment.
Rehearsing with tropicofpisces lately.
So much fun...
The next thing you know....
im big in japan...
3
Wishing you where here when I listen to that song but then I skip the track  in glad I ain't got you.
hey hey!!!
lunch was necessary!
: can someone please invent a phone with a massive keyboard so that my fat thumbs will stop making typos?
Galaxy Note lol
im from Arizona!
Have you seen today's Milwaukee Groupon?
Half of clothing at Boutique Larrieux  the city's premier plussize boutique in the Third Ward!
xo
I finally switched over to Splenda from sugar.
I am going to get cancer, but I am going to be the skinniest bitch with cancer.
Good night my love and follow me PLEASE Please love you
Just accepted and offer to be the official photographer for the creation of a 2012 modeling calendar
ur the skunk!
Do you live in the twin cities area?
Don't forget to swing into Corazon to get your attagirl items and tons of other great stuff!
Current estimates put close to 50 million Americans who cannot afford healthcare.
We are here to help with Prescription Assistance!
Sick like a dog :
GAGA WAS F FANTASTIC!!!!!
pretty good m'lady
Mike Goldberg on Gustafson, you can't simulate 6'5 in training.
I do!
underwhelmed by the stylist but liked the salon and my cut.
RT : I'm getting scared of the new programming generation crowd when I hear: but...
but...
what's malloc ?!?
WATCHING KIM  KOURTNEY TAKE NEW YORK I LOVE YOU GUYS AND BABY MASON!!!!!
Have any men out there ever gotten stalked by someone online?
pii2012 piiLabs I wasn't actually scared by it  I was too busy to care.
RT : Finally indexed my first centenarian.
Surprised it took this long.
Only time that faculty are available.
;
If you go to Z'ha'dum you will die.
that's the problem with skinny ties, you have to wear a shirt
I say can kick some major ass:
So....anybody know if BRoy is still in the Rose Garden?
They brought him in, he sat for less than a quarter, and left?!
times are coming down, track is doctoring
Playing in the 5k Perfect SnG Freeroll in 30 minutes.
I hope to go deep into the tourney tonight.
Whatever you do dont look at his neck.
Not stopping at Denny's.
Going to McD's instead.
Wondering how Philip Glass feels about the Downton Abbey theme
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!!
He is a guymahomie and
That's always good.
What inspires you?
Watching S2E3 of Kingdom: That's supposed to be an American accent.
Ha!
Gotta love it!
Need to cut these politicians fat salaries  perks and put them on feta cheese.
If you can provide a route number, direction, location and time this happened we would like to look into it.
Thank you.
Does anybody have dodgeball, cause like I really want to watch it,  they don't have the movie in Walmart
QoTD: Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Love meeting with our partners  hearing about the impact all of you are making : thanks for the wonderful meeting !
Wandering reestablishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.
Anatole France
are you zip lining ?
stoked to chat next week!
that was pretty surreal.
I'm here, we'll have to meet at the break.
Check out 's contest.
They're giving away guaranteed seats in classes and a 5k Scholarship.
Strong supporter of
seriously somebody just rt somebody who spelled it like that lol
Hey tweeps, we've switched our Twitter account  please follow us over at twitter.com/berecruited or !
Thanks!
So far, I have 331 books on my Goodoctorads list and it's spitting out great recommendations.
Starting a new girl band is never easy, but someone has to do it!
Alexis is bad news bro.
4 nights off whoop!
Whoop!
OMG me too!
RT All By Myself always reminds me of Bridget Jones, haha
Pawn Celeb News; Due to the fact made a public announcement be was battered and aborted a child ppl are blasting her
will we ever know who the real wizard is??
Thank you RGIII for being so awesome, because of you my other team the Rams will finally be good again.
: Whats up,if your not busy is it ok if you listen to a couple of tracks by my bro DM me a YouTube link.

Congrats on moving to GitHub!
right.
Like noone is hiring xD
ok...
is it a bad sign when the cat nearly knocks the picture of the husband off the nightstand because he's jealous?
You know Ciaras up there with cereal but maybe, maybe above cereal
The flag is up!
A Hurricane Cocktail after cutting the lawn: 2 gold rum, 2 light rum, 1 lime juice, 1 passion fruit syrup, shaken well  up!
Come on E you still use the aqua Net huh?
It was funny to me, cause I know what that's like.
Yo Mama!
for lunch with !
when I found steve
Musicians wanted for Downtown Market  Clarksville Leaf Chronicle
We imagine that we want to escape our selfish and commonplace existence, but we cling desperately to our chains
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE HOTEST BEATS MUSIC PRODUCING RNS GET YA Weight UP FELLAZ FOLLOW the producer NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
R U wearing blue today in honor of World Autism Awareness Day?
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph ...
Hollywood Reporter
don't claim to be a bisexual chick if you just receive head but you don't have the balls to give it.
very interesting project!
Are you using speechtotext?
The true man wants two things: danger and play.
For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
Nietzsche
Just got home..
I have the biggest headache right now.
Don't scold me and then try to connect with me 5 minutes later.
Proclaim His name.
brewer game tonight, man do I want them to clinch the title while I'm there.
Know what finally made me say screw it to dieting?
Watching a Photoshop tutorial feat.
Katy Perry.
If she's not pretty enough, no one is.
I would love to see what me and NeYo could come up with in the Studio.
This guy is dope!
The fire is burning is rockin!!
Yes they do.
I had a friend who worked for an entertainment television show and they had death watches and obits ready to go.
My sister frinds out my shit.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis.
When I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this.
Just picked up keys to our future popup shop.
Buildout starts tomorrow!
yea yea, obviously you a liar too
Beautiful event tonight  the elegant 900 Biscayne w/ Electric Avenue, Commissioner Sarnoff, Silvia Morales and many wonderful Downtowners
Nap time!
3
Tell us why you are happy!
Send us a photo of yourself saying I am happy in  because .
3
I BELIEVE IN YOU GROUCHY PAPA BEAR :D
breakfast would of been nice lol CTFU!
Their cards are quite nice, agree.
Choe came to me  told me she  her 2 friends stole boxes of candy from the concession stand  school!
Said she can't lie to me!
: you're just such a good tweeter!
That sounds bad...
Just saw a subway ad for an attorney named Justin Bieber.
Marketing gold to all those 12year olds in need of counsel.
Just completely caved in.
Happens to the best of us.
Did my part, we'll see what happens next.
Insomnia makes you do crazy things.
Bleh.
you are very gay indeed
i didnt smell him aha , its sounds so cute !
well kinda a little .
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 Call NOW.
69 DIVORCE
How ignorant is he who knows all but not himself.
Validivar
I have a new SearchMe link for Google.
Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/bruce  From t.vizibility.com
LOL I keep saying no to mister Bean bc I think I don't like it; I think I should give him another shot!
Good idea, keep em comin!
you hear about the big Chris Brown tour?
He's gonna hit Madison, Virginia and Charlotte.
Then the tour starts.
Research project for you: Douglas Dev gutting old DC govt printing office bldg, Reed St  Channing Pl NE.
Rumored retail...
Have you tried Tamale Boy?
We'd like to think ours are pretty good.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Robbery is 6 times more likely than the rest of the city.
I miss DaphneLovesDerby  Wolftron SO MUCH!
Please create music for me to listen to.
tight jeans, double D's make the boys go woo hooooooooooooooo.
Nearly had a midlife MI pruning trees away from the roof.
My Fitbit, biased toward legs, judged it only moderately active.
sadly yes..he beat out..wait for it...
Wait for it.....Jeff GArcia...
Wow.
: Jake Delhome going to Houston?
Pacer up at the half!
No sign of the MVP!
Chris Bosh might be hurt!
Not looking so invincible now, huh Miami fans!
Its one big update resume day.
I must have a bag of candy stashed somewhere in this place!
ff It has a man from the future and a girl who probably plays with cat toys
O'Banion: 6 doctorft core principles 1 est.
significant connection 2 integrated/mandatory intake programs 3 Programs of Study for all
RT : I'm singin foramomentlikethis/Let's work on finding big3 a new theme song
Were experienced professorssionals with an eye out for your professorts.
RPM Central Valley
Dad's love our cupcakes.
We are open Sat 104 and our Westside store will be open on Sun 114.
watch it fuck around and be a BostonvsL.A.
Finals smh
I'm going to have a heart attack!
i hate to do this to you but ..
You dont get your ipod tell yountell me .
Alright.
I think he's mad at me now.
Ugh
Thanos in the next Avengers movie!!
That part at the end of the movie was badass!!
My friend Aubrey, she has new camera..
wew
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Twitter turned 5 : is much older!
You know what I hate?
People who answer their own questions.
thanks for the rt!
Thanks for the RT!
And Wild Ones by Flo Rida too
lol you can see under the skirt haha
I thought it would be Pandalike Indian but it's pretty authentic.
I think someone was trying to be cleaver.
I'm part of a traveling couple...back from a RTW trip and not currently traveling, but feet are getting itchy...
Great job tonight!
battleship looks awful
Another day was a waste of makeup
no, but there's a first time for everything
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
hey kory how are you?:
yeah screw that kid
Disagree.
Think Sun Tzu and the Art of War.
I heard the west coast is the best coast
I just think the L word as pejorative is inadequate and counterproductive.
RT : According to IMDBPRO Spec scripts sales explode in October screenwriting ScriptChat none of them mine I might add.
ill have 2 check that out.
oh god have to get tickets
Lauren Alaina looked amazing in the Live Idol Chat.
:
In Los Angeles  AREN'T going to ' taping?
I loathe you  all you stand for bit.ly/nXWfzC
When I'm chopping together cover art for that involves Clippy, I know it was a good episode.
Out later today!
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson
Finishing About a boy on Netflix .
Had 1 piece of my Greek dessert platter I purchased yesterday.
Don't scare me like that.
Keep them coming.
I plan to use them all!
I loved b.o.b since nam...
so yeah there ya go
Retweet if u are independent and always strive for what u need follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;
Yeah I won't be back in jerz until 2:30.
Seriously, Who ARE you people who can stand 3 feet from a trash can and throw your crap on the ground?
How are things ?
Long time no talk.
How are your scripts coming?
Do you have any television bibles in the works?
MT : Some girl just yelled YOLO!
at me, I looked at her and said Sleep it off freshman.
Mifflin2012 
FF coming up.
Going to try to mention everyone who is helping spread the news on GOA2011  FESPAAmericas.
Hoping I don't forget anyone :
it hella boring what the family doing
Monsieur Lazhar opens this Friday.
Cool stuff.
I can't get over that Carlos Fuentes quote in 's obit for him.
Yep getting all the fans together  try to help can hopefully change their minds.
Join Baltimore Real Estate Investing group for up to date knowledge!
Commit  invest your energy  time working towards your wealth goals.
I had such a nice prebirthday celebration day.
Even though the musical generational gap between me and today's young things is widening.
I'm guessing he doesnt kno what a hand mirror is
I've been kelvining so much today thhat my phone is at 10 :o
Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean they don't exist..
Graduation: success.
just met with W.
Cliff Oxford  Looking forward to Luxury Economics this week!
excellent.
Our current recipe has no doctored shrimp :
I hope one day bieber will noticeme while wearing someday!
Is it me or is it impossible to eat a whole meal of chick fil a by yourself?
How was your first day of Spring?
Ready to say goodbye to Winter?
Great skill development workouts with Looking forward to more work!
Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood  KOLDTV Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood KOLDTV
Aw!
Thanks so much!
You are one of my all time favs!!
:
Everyone have one!!!!
Can I fast foward to college football season please?
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
About to see soo excited!
Is there a lessbelievable cop than Martin Lawrence?
Especially for an actor who has been a cop in 49 movies
Cats lead 75 Bottom of the 7th.
Follow for updates
Definitely need to find a place to live soon!!!!
If anyone has any suggestions of good spots to live, please Let me Know!!
Thank you!
Why would Harry find a box of SheWee's in his room?
There is nothing more beautiful than a day like this in New York City.
no I can't.
Brandon Jacobs signed by the 49ers.
That really sucks.
traveling with my mini mab bag for the first time.so happy with it!
Thanks for all you do for me!
Guess ill go to bed, gnite 3
I have to get caught up on
hahah him believing us 
Nah ill be there Tuesday  haha ok !..can't wait !..next Wednesday right ?
Love watching first take, skip bayless a trip
angle and frequency of films are so often overlooked by the intermediate artist, don't let a great design end up mediocre....
wow awesome quite satisfying epic
Finally back home from practice
2011in3words: memories , regrets ,mistakes.

Great.
Hope to see you in Denver  E12.
No lol It's the Girls Next Door, I always watch it when I work out
yes and I 'so happen' to bump into him ;
thanks for keeping off the streets.
I'm thankful he doesn't live in my car any longer.
Ok, my moms car.
Seriously, what the fuck?!
It better stop.
Thank you so much for the sharing the article  for your kind words.
the team are glad you enjoyed the session!
My new house has an outdoor gym, I just come in from lifting it's 46degs out but I felt much stronger .
pros and cons of lifting in the cold
I love you tweets!
Just hit 700!
Have a great spring forward weekend!
I hate being fucking late
I swear to god I saw somebody tweet exactly what just did the other day...
S/o to all the love..
that seems to be the major thing we hear from ppl leaving the place..
we all fam
haha  yes ma'am
I most def.
will Sis luv ya so much RT let us know so we can celebrate in style!
RT GOOD LUCK ON THE GAME.
FOLLOW IAMHEALTHYHAIR/ RACHEAL
Who likes to get tree high!
Dearest students, if your course evaluation forms look funky via Chrome, try opening them in a different browser, k?
Some people never learn how to grow up and act like adults, so sad that they have to create doctorma to feel like they have friends.
its geting worse by the second
oh no, who's next
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day...I think I know what I should get at the store today.
Going out to play in the snow!
BESt beautiful simmons
when someone tells you to go kick the bucket..
..
it's all about being persistent!
Almost missed the conference I was supposed to go to today AND I'm apparently tabling at an Entrepreneurship event on Fri
4 day weekend in New England!
because his hair is getting longer so it's starting to lay down.

looking forward to hearing about it!
Enjoy Athens!
I Been On SocialCam For A Year..
Where Y'all Been??
TurnItUp for Charity!
On 4/1, get the chance to vote for your favorite nonprofessort.
Stay tuned..
Got my studio ready for business
so tired right now,
well im just saying interested really dose not mean mingle was just playing we could be friends is that cool with you
ya know what you're right, how was it btw
Less communism and more socialism.
You should read more.

the And then it hits you  ads make no sense.
I feel embarrassed for your ad agency.
Tiger might miss the cut lol
oh me too i'm sorry!!
happy birthday love bug : love you!
I really want some ice cream
Out here amongst the rats, the wolves in sheep clothing, the snakes, but imma Leo none of it even bothers me!!
By the way GOODMORNING
So excited for the parade on Dec 3rd, a little sad it's followed by the lighted yacht parade as i want to spread out the joy
you just love disney movies
4 games down 1 to go
That looks mis.
Well a snowstorm with nowhere to go, kinda is.
It's one of those pet peeves days.
Dog owners  old people doctorving.
But you know what, Bikram Yoga did me right so I'm calm and cool.
I love FL.
Thanks for the head's up!
I will have to do some investigating.
Do you know of any places I should check out for sure?
if I may misterPresident..
He is an attorney
Hello who missed me
Yeah it's foolish to me.
I didn't understand it on FB either.
Ha!
MT If you're watching CNN Obama just said he supports samesex marriage.
If you're watching FOX he just made it mandatory
Meet us Thursday at 5:30 to see OV Loves Downtown a show benefiting Opportunity Village!
Yeah, well we're not making that mistake twice.
Congratulations.
You will rock the world Go get 'em to all the 2012 grads.
If I was new York I would trade him now and get value for him!
thank you for the speedy response!
Hungry for some real Italian food?
Look no further.
Stop in today for some pasta and gourmet meatballs, made from Leo's original recipe.
please go explain to congress how the internet works!
Double take on fashionbaggage.com
Ill be fine once I get it, I'll be good.
her too lol.
Apologies for the random b in the
your voice is my doctorg.
I aint met a chick named Peggy in a long ass time
We at Iguanas in pico rivera and DJ Cruz
Just signed.
Everyone should sigh this.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
We are at Scoma's
Anyone else notice the similarities between the 2012 Port of Morrow album cover  the selftitled album art from 2010.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather..
Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
this was your first tweet lol.
Get outta here haha.
Where you been??
Forgot about me huh?
Gotten donuts twice today :
There you go bursting my bubble.
you are so adorable Alex.
well the mets won and the yanks lost
Ninetynine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
George Washington Carver
Are there any great chamber series coming up this autumn, we can still apply to?
Brazil challenge Blatter about corruption within FIFA.
ps can't wait for the toll paying for a bridge that doesn't exist
happy  sad at the same time .
Great healthtips for women today memorial hospital la jolla.
My laptop isn't booting up.
Thought it was power chord, but even with brand new one it isn't progresding past Dell screen.
Yes, bday party was great!
Kindergarten boys are so funny and cute.
The Arizona Republic, my former employer, is named Pulitzer finalist for Gabby Giffords shooting coverage.
Super proud.
Who started this broom crap?
Both teams are shooting the ball horribly
Knee deep in Digital journalism homework ......
Still feels so weird to say that.
on your way home?
Love Morning Benders!
Nice.
Did you mean YOU add power to the Universe?
What's everyone up to in Houston today?
This weather is beautiful!
He deleted most of them.
sorry for the late response but it's been ok and you : ?
what no Grover?
The awkward moment when som1 tells u a stupid cheesy joke  and u try 2 force out a laugh so u won't b an ass
But just to make sure we're clear.
Right now LP is on break and Kasey is not in the group.
Just Melissa  Diana right now.
:
I'm downtown by Nordstrom and this gorgeous black Rolls Royce Phantom goes by.
My eyes and about 5 others followed it down the street.
Nice!
follow for follow?:
so glad you enjoyed it.
The Texas popper that is, not contagion.
;
Listening to singing love the way you lie piano version.
3 AMAZING!!!!!
dang!
that's quite some company to be in!
I have nobody woke to talk to :/
Working on final cours curriculum for webinar
you're welcome.
Mostly sold in the midcoast area.
Go to the Cabin in Bath for pizza and a pitcher.
Can't go wrong.
Roxxxy, the worlds first sex robot, has been unveiled this week in Las Vegas...Now there's a hooker the Secret Service won't go near
Met tons of interesting people at the National Retail Federation nrf12 tradeshow in NYC this week.
Will be back next year for sure.
I wanna make a shoutout video with someone who's down:
I like your avi
Obama to Mitt good luck tonight
Im having a panic attack D; I cant go up in front of the whole school tomorrow....I just cant.
..
Good Morning Good Morning!
I hope everyone has a beautiful lovely day!
All These Sunny Days..
But People Actin' Shady, Telling Me They Really Love Me..
But Silently They Really Hate Me
This is gonna be crazy RT : FREAK FEST 2012 TONIGHT AT TEXTURE NIGHT CLUB!!
NO CAMERAS ALLOWED!!
LADIES FREE TIL 11!!
I'm sorry about your house.
Hope the insurance company is paying for at least some of the rebuilding?
hi signed orioles
who wouldn't?
I know I have been cravin me some video diaries:
This song sux
khuffman: sla2010 Just landed in DC.
Shared seat next to Tried to work some on conference notes.
print, web and mobile design
come find me this afternoon!
:
Hahaha I know.
You know I got you, boo.
;
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Iris, thank you so much!
Thanks to all of you for coming out and supporting the team this weekend!
Why did Angelina stand like that?
WIN!
RT : Sand volleyball is seriously the best class decision I ever made
Yeah buddy!
You?
San Francisco: where overweight Jerry Garcia lookalikes wake up and say, It's a great day for a pleated skirt.
the teacher of K's group was elusive.
what i haven't figured out is what it means when people say like 4x4 and 5x5 and stuff.
I was bout to say something ;
...FIND something to LIGHT the METAPHORICAL FIRE under you!!!
;
Get ready!!
New tunes are almost here!
Upcoming in October..Refer a friend to Wicklesshop Candles Page on FB and receive FREE PRODUCT and more information...
Happy LEAP Day!
Anything special going on on Larchmont or HancockPark or MiracleMile?
What's your fav candy?
naw man....what kinda scene you looking for?
there's lots of indie  hiphop sh!t going down.
Ran intervals today and cut my run down from Monday...now onto making something with chicken for
coast to coast and summertime are my favorite summer songs ever 3 3
You're welcome Paul for the mentions.
Have an awesome Weekend!
:  XOXOXO
Ima just stay single..
Right now, I can announce that I've been accepted into the Student Affairs graduate program at Western Carolina University!!
Ontario offers very high feed in tariff for solar, but only if panels are built in Ontario.
So now siemens building plant in Ontario.
Ill consider it RT : Yep emery and northfieldoctor never been, ain't that out by northfield
I can feel the caffeine kicking in through my heart valves.
I can listen to my brains shifting gears.
I can crack my fingers again.
Watching The Wood :
Hi Mike.
Thanks for connecting.
:
God blessed me with Thick Skin
My punk ass is down in Tampa until Sunday ;
the thought crossed my mind a time or ten that game.
You're welcome!
and thanks for following me back
thnks much appreciate!
There is always a way to move on, a road to travel on, a plane to fly on, a planet to live and a doctoram to survive on.
David Swinden
sounds great!
Cant wait to meet you!
Up to unit eight in my Italian language lessons.
do u think he likes me!?!?!?
By now the whole world knows...
The great Whitney Houston has been confirmed dead.
She was 48
Cleaning black mold from my living room window is not how I planned to spend my morning.
Bleh!
Without discontent and desperate times there would be no opportunity to test your resolve  which ultimately shapes who you are.
You're welcome.
Good luck.
Be yourself no matter what
I miss you too!
I want to..
I'm Bored .
hi friend miss you
at about to go insane with bostondoctorams 3
So fortunate but too busy to enjoy it!
amazing.
And yes, this has happened to me too.
without question.
But which team will show up?
RT Other Lives perform live on www.kcrw.org at 11:15 pst/2:15 est.
Tune in or be square or something like that.
Yet, rather than charge the 2 w/ HateCrimes  let their defense prove otherwise, the DA abdicates responsibility of a charge 2 the Court.
Was wondering about olives as I finished off a jar of capers on this one tonightgood to know!
Just listened  Last Name London.
Going to the top.
Hell yeah!!!
l am heading to cocodoctore Saturday to scout it out.
Name the date and I will make it happen.
De it wasnt me.
My phone had die
This time I got nothing to waste Let's go a little higher I'm on fire, I won't blackout
RT : Y'all Ole Miss has been in everyone else's highlights.
Great Googley Moogly!
Shouts from the Abyss
been doing some coaching with students that really inspire me!
i love it when actors go after their doctorams!
because they are meant to be enjoyed while sitting in the grass?
Also occasionally guilty in conversation, usually of the Arsenal variety.
We need to get rid of fcking Arshavin!
can u do like a video tribute to me?
of if u can do a special blog about me?
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta!
What an important story of MexicanAmerican mobility, heroism, and success!
Hey, I just responded to your comment on Muse.
Let me know if you'd like me to remove your tweet from the article  no problem.
aww!
That's so nice!
Any plans for an Andoctorid app?
Had to reserve a train using 's iPhone!
Here at CES....
just went to press preview....
USB 3.0 10x faster than usb2 I will have video on web site soon
...And before I go to sleep I will pray for all the Eagles fans in the world.
This is our award winning kidexerciser that transforms your kid's bike into a stationary bike that controls the TV.

True.
Evil is more scary with the evil person is smart.
July issue of San Diego Home/Garden published my architecture feature on the cover.
Very grateful.
Subscription's are half off.
Hint!
Getting cowboy boots repaired is expensive.
I get 1993
I have been in email Jail all day!
Looking forward to Tuesday :
pour boiling water in it
why the sad face?
I bet college students would come together from all races, tiers, creeds, and political affiliations to stop that frm passing
College kids in Milwaukee are getting doctornker and dumber every day.
I should invest in a taser for when Im on bouncer duty at the bar.
I haven't straightened my hair in like forever
at least the lobsters get to live to see another day!
Me to my 12yo looking at her Google Buzz acct: What's 'IKR'?
12yo: I know, right?
Oh no!
Let us know if you make it out this way and we'll set you up!
:
I'm very exited about the new camera on the iphone 4.
The best camera is the one you have with you.
June came in March and in April March is here.
weirdweather in RVA
wit eb dumb ass
Just read Roundball Stew.
Noticed you like Rudy Gay.
Do you think that Rudy Gay is too much to pay for Tyreke Evans?
yea they're still on there.
huge tell on me: if is within 10 ft of my table I have the nuts
TY!
RT : an amazing release.
jazz and world music collide and the end result is simply stunning
What about SM learning over time?
What do we see in terms of leadership in SM?
What skills do we see needed to bring change?
Coming up: Ted Nugent, Bring Me The Horizon, Childish Gambino, Death Cab, Circa Survive, Taking Back Sunday, and All Time Low.
Women get that pussy eating thing out of control.
If you were mine you'd get that whenever.
But if you're not, you get that when I want to.
Just gave a demo at pycon 2012.
RT : I will sing to the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praise to my God while I have being.
Psalm 104:33
birthday cake remix?
eh, i like the original better.
SHES GOT A LOVE LIKE WOE
haha!
jeans are mad tight
I can tell certain people don't like me no more, new shit just don't excite me no more, I guess they just don't make 'em like me no more
So ready to get this over with!!!!!!!!
Help me Jesus!!!!!!
One of the nations top law firms is recruiting for an Information Resources Manager in their Washington, DC location.
This position manage
Just FYI: US Military Asset  Jack Bauer
next time, baking in our oven!!!
Lmao
going to my last class for the day.
: Sell your body if you have to.
: Done.
HUHLARIOUS!!!
lol  Kobe has made a hell of a lot more game winning shots than Lebron
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
hi, hi!
I've been a little scarce lately too and missing the conversation!
Hey Seattleites!
Which new SCAN show is your favorite?
oh shit ...not good ..have to download it ..i cant :
What's your favorite mindless behavior song?
:
everyone was taken by surprise by spectrum usage spike.
App market, rapid device evolution not seeable in 2007
Your love is my doctorg ;
what!
disappointment 
On my way to meet at Spin !!!
SUPER EXCITED!!!!
80 Off at Copper Gable Cafe.
Campusarea coffee shop serving Alterra Coffee; hot and cold buildyourown sandwiches, soups, and salads.
TGIF!!!
yes yes oh yes!
Bryan Adams, you always make it all better :
So much fun!
RT : Great night tonight celebrating and !
Good dinner with good friends :
Feels like the day Nash left.
yup!
I'm so stoked!
ha!
This is the same expression I made, when I saw the old dudes balls...
Ha!
Yes.
The Jacques Brel show at the Skylight was great.
Brel in English !
Highly recommend it.
2 days left though.
Also, I didn't find this tweet until now.
It's not quite fair to get mad at me for not seeing it in enough time.
Spied making rounds Wednesday 's DOOL event.
Good scoop to come?
yeah I'm a fan besides all the houses.
I've definitely hit a few.
you have to copy and paste it .
sorry .
: massive holiday as in summer?
When does your college usually get out?
Around my area high schools get out around this May or
no way buddy, we have to have this!
We are a baseball town 1st plus we only have 4 weeks of summer!
Go Brewers Go!
Patience is not one of my virtues
GOOD NIGHT TO ALL H.
Was Tyrell Sutton a big Ohio State fan growing up and what did it mean to him to play against the Buckeyes?
In a way, those negative times allow me to appreciate these great times all the more.
Life ebbs and flows.
The night is darkest before dawn.
Dang my arms so weak..
Everything is ready to go on our site.
We're just waiting to point the domain name to the NEW website!
Stay tuned.
SO excited to see your show!
THe trailers are awesome!
: our daddy ; lmfaoooo.
lmfao he's your daddy in another way 
I'm blessed how have u been?
So much to do...
Do YOU believe that if u have to leave the one u love, if its meant to b, True Love will bring ya bak 2getha!?...
I do.
iluvanthony..
3
kool tell us all about it ok!!
Miserable people attract other miserable people and create misery.
no sir..
Maybe a chapter from What is History by Edward Carr?
Useful though old.
I just read it for a historiography course.
Loved someone's tweet: can we stop calling it Beaver Nation?
It's a neighborhood, or county at best...
Some people will just never understand..
can i dick?
ah has 1 million followers :' so proud
That's me buying a bunch of books in the photo the Hammer's using to accompany Libros events on their online calendar!
a blind squirell gets a nut every now  then..boise can win 1 big game a year..cuz thats all they have..the rest are high school
Have to get rid of a headache before I can continue w/ the article RE: John 3:16.
I've written about it before, but can't find previous item
abstract and textures are some of my favorite subjects!
You know I thought Autism was the end of the world.
Now I know it has opened up the Universe.
Get these girls out of my house.
I don't care if he just friend requested you I'm sorry I just don't.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars?
IT woud be great for you.
Ever wonder what happened to No Child Left Behind?
Join our chat with about edwaivers on Wed 11/16 from 11:3012:30 EST.
Yes sir!
just got here RT : get em bro!
Defining this year's creative schedule.
Can you say, excited?
You would be awesome on Survivor!
Not to mention all the meals you can provide with that toe cheese of yours!
hmm good question, well there will be some hyped guys for doctoracula who would gladly cop a feel, so i'd with skinny jeans just
Good people of  the good folk at wud love a LINCOLN VS.
ZOMBIES screener.
Can u help them?
Big Asylum boosters
: Want a chance to meet Colt Ford?
As it turns out, no.
:P
Feeling groggy off of the NyQuil I took last night.
sizzurp!
These muthafuckus is fuckin up are they throwing the game smh
Hahaha!!!
1 fan!
RT : It's Clay Matthews birthday today.
must be celebrating privately....
We don't all have same biz model.
That's really nice.
Love when no ones answers me.
Sorry I don't play along with your little storylines.
My roommate is jellyrolls famous.
hollaa
funny you should follow me today...
Tomorrow I will be in philly
tell me about it.
job 1  job 2 today.
no outside times.
hoping for later this week!
fantastic, love yoga
come on in!
900 North Glebe Road in Ballston, we hope to see you soon!
: A teammate of DWade  Chris Bosh just won MVP because so many so badly want to forget how clutchless he is  fuck u

how did your session go today?
Kristy and I were wondering.
Rachael Taylor was Maggie the Australian one.
I haven't seen We Bought A Zoo : Who else apart from Matt Damon is in it?
IDK MAN, I JUST NEED A WRISTBAND.
Looking forward to the social media talk for TipsandTricks.
I've got a great presentation on the art of viral marketing.
ConfessionNight I like this trend because it gives people a chance to speak out!
In terms of raw natural beauty, it rules to be California.
In terms of insane politics, it sucks to be California.
Where do u work if u mind me asking?
haha.
I beat him until he gave me the password
Thanks for the Follow!!
I'm so nervous.
C'mon Detroit, make history here!
Headed to dinner at one of my Roc favorites  The GateHouse  with my favorite of favorites.
I know, right?
I was hysterical when that popped up.
lol
this is amazing!
Don't forget to send us your project photos so we can show them off to the world on our Facebook Page!
Don't forget to use LCcommencement with your tweets this weekend!
So glad to have you in PDX!
hahaha well since you offered :D
The brain gives the heart its sight.
The heart gives the brain its vision.
Kall
Congrats and condolences!
Are you playing tonight ?
I hate when the media plays with the status just post ur status WTF !
New Design idea...
V neck shirt that says V Necks are Gay thoughts???
I've been in solid meetings/interviews since 9 a.m.
except 20 minutes for lunch.
Head kinda spinning w/ conflicting web developer opinions.
Hey you were great on the episode of Switched at Birth !!!!!!
Wonderful ghost signs!
Well me nar see you or Ms.
Wire online.
A wa appen
Dedication, love propel sick cop in harrowing recovery
Trimmin The Fat Right Now...
july seems like a plan then!
heck yea..dope stuff is just the START!
Still trying to figure this twitter way of communicating...sorry twitter I'm new to you and I'm used to Facebook....
What your name on 22?
Hit me on Blizge
Oh mister sun, sun muster golden sun please shine down on me!
wait for the next dose  don't redose if it's die the next 12 hrs.
Today is the day I complete something....anything really.
I really need a
we ALWAYS do bacon!
:  excited to see a beast at CFM
i didnt like that.
Had a great day 1 and now onto day 2!
Watching Casino Royale.
New man crush, Daniel Craig and those smokin eyes of his!
First group makes it through 17 with no balls in the water.
Yeah I like mgk .
Wanna bitch and complain about how it's annoying ?
Go right ahead .
love, love, love copyblogger
Perfect!
Just stay at the airport until 7:30 tonight and I'll come say hi :
PARK Police or NPS, not PARKS police.
We've been dealing with them in DC for over 6 months now
Watching Grey's from last night.
Its intense.
welcome to Twitter Corey!
Follow Cody as well!
Haha
Don't open any direct messages from D2Kill in the last day or so.
We did not send them, we were hacked.
We will wait 24 hours and resume.
good, besides doctorma.
Ugh I hate when im in hospitals
follow me
I've been god.
Listening to Maroon 5's old music right now.
:'
Are you still looking for a reader for MCN?
Let me know.
So now your health depends on the writing of this book  NO pressure at all.
OSAA wrestling tourney / come on by the Gleukos car and get a sample and some coupons for free Gleukos / and bring me a heater!!!
duh im fuck you like fred flintstone im make the bed fuckin rock bahahah
I don't know how we lasted this long.
RT : Hey and  rolling with PR2.0: Your Next Step in Your PR Career in 54 minutes!
you unfollowed me.
: follow me back please 3
nutting just got up y
Wonderful show tonight in Vegas.
Now back home watching a documentary on Ponce de Leon while practicing the fastest card trick in the world.
I wonder if vampires have trouble using smart phones because of the touch screen.
Introducing, Elite Push Up Cakes!
They make perfect favors!
Come on by to place you order!
:
Let's bake and sell OccuPies in stores, door to door, everywhere.
Let's set up an OccuPIe baking network across the country, OccuPies!!
Hahaha!
Who, that was funny!
Great running into you at Swedish/Issaquah today.
Thanks for joining us at SMLUNCH !!
Keep ya feelings to yourself
Omw to work.
Watching all that exercise has inspired me to go n get a philly steak n cheese lol
y'all just need to become better pack rats like me haha
MCRmy LV, we are honoring Skye, a girl that got killed because she wore a MCR top, and it dose not matter wat music u listen to, you r U RIP
I don't Live with me  you're Not Me so Please Stfu telling me Pointless shit that makes no fcking sense !
Yu have NO IDEA what I go thru !
My semiannual trip to Whole Foods has proven fruitful as I was able to purvey three bags of groceries for only 77 instead of my usual two.
In all my 21 years of doing radioyou are one of the top people I got the most excited to meet!
So glad we became friends!!
I'm told that too sometimes, but what those people don't know is that I judge them for having messy offices.
anywhere but my car.
Are you brave enough to sign up?
we should talk...about your job hunt
The Carven Fall collection is all kinds of stunning.
Terrific proportions; really graphic ideas.
Love.
This month is acoustic ceiling removal month at misterD's painting.
Great deals and free crown moulding.
Look us up  www.misterspainting.com
Come on
IKnowThisOneGirl with the most amazing laugh
I don't go making conversation with any guys.
The conversations come to me
tonight NYC vinyl release show  the Bowery Electric.
7:30pm doors.
Free vinyl package with entry!

boy crazy but EXTREMELY picky!
I didn't even know there was a limit to followers.
So, what do u do to be so successful  how long hve u been doing it?
awesome!
thank you!
if you want to post anything about it on your site feel free to stream anything you'd like...
that is what I am trying to do is make a comeback...
I just know it is gonna take a year or so.

oh yeah.
and Glitter sounds entertaining.
Thanks.
Not the best way to spend my weekend :0
great meeting you last night!
I hope you help raise money for great causes as well add a great cause to
working a director meeting agenda...for next week
Thanks for the follow.
Nice to meet you.
I live in Montgomery, AL.
My avatar is my deceased Border Collie, Nicholas.
Thanks for today's automotive related audition :
hi how have u been
Airport spa is not The Ritz but is worth the 25.
After signing bks for 3 days my hands feel great!
I wonder can I expense the publisher
i didnt do anything lol.....thats a lie....yea i know i love my job
I don't know dean:'3
Great article.
The U.S.
government is also paying a lot of attention to tech start ups over here as well.
There is going to be so much Trayvon buzz after the interview Starting Point just had with Zimmerman's friend.
So much contradiction
fridayreads Between Summer's Longing and Winter's End by Persson, listening to Mini shopaholic by Kinsella and Lacuna by Kingsolver
Dwayne Wade is sexy.
Yum.
i post the video
If it were not for the last minute nothing would get done!
happy birthday
Thank you for coming and celebrating our anniversary with us!
We had a blast and can't thank ABQ enough for the support these past 2 yrs!
Hoppy Easter!
Hope the bunny was good to you!
Another thing, I hope the Thunder smash the
i love food in general :
U knw how much I knw my family loves me?Is wen my cousin sayswhy dont u just kill urself already.
my aunt2 cousin agree.
laying in bed yes lol
Cookies and cream ice cream with warm brownies  breakfast of champions with
Instead of reading..
these kids want to watch a wacka flocka video, I cant.
2nd interview went a lot better, I was able to inject some humor into it, and that helped.
Not dining with me today at lunch?
You should consider making a trip to the BB Deli.
Home of the Killer Sandwiches!
Old school place!
Also, there is a police siren that has been going off for literally 30 minutes and im trying to sleep.
Ugh.
I've been neglecting my twitter.
I'm missing my sister, She's the coolest worldchanger ever, and if you don't already, follow her!
do i have the exact price alredy?
:
Yes it is.
What would you like to know?
Are you at AAM?
see you in Austin!
LOMBARDI TROPHY IS OURS BABY!!!
What is your Friday jam?
Right now I am listening to So Ruff, So Tuff by Zapp!
She Sells Sanctuary
Thanks for the roc wordpress promo!
It is easier to get along with people then to argue with them.....Happy Sunday!.!
My pleasure, and thanks for the shoutout!
Coding over.
Conversion submitted for final review.
Time to catch up on the DVR with
I'm starting a new band called Boehner and the Debt Ceilings.
That Snuggle bear is creepy..
I hope you like your birthday gift
thank you!!!
agreed.
I was lame and went w Entrepreneur mag  social media monthly, ha
gonna hit my limit go follow
dm?
for details
I'm wondering if underachievement is due to inappropriate learning experiences?
Peyton you will win an award someday i know you will.
I will always love you Pey!
Remember that okay?
hey girl
what r u doing this weekend?
Why does the radio suck so bad?
.
haha I find myself listening to oldies 1480 and classical and nothing else.
Lunch with the bro j mack britt and b funny moments
no Bam bought him a twitter collar it hooks up to the computer when he is home alone ;
Say hi to her from me!!
We have to get together f2f soon!
Yeah I just got a spammy DM from you guys too.
Angela.
Put the cookies down.
: I have Jillian michaels yell at me every morning.
Ripped in 30, mother fuckkkkaaaa!
Ridiculousness is starting!!!!
XD
Music rots when it gets too far from the dance.
Poetry atrophies when it gets too far from music.
thank you for all of the RTs!
We appreciate the support.
Kind of, but not completely!
You slut D; Is boyfriend still on your arm?
i dont hate Georgia ..
I dont hate my school eithir !
everything gone get better in Highschool ..
A4: We see this movement creating a smaller cmmnty of forwardthinkers all striving for the same goal inside the larger cmmnty
Probably seeing Cabin in the Woods tonight!
So ridiculously excited, especially for the Fran Kranz!
I will make my cat a twitter right away.
Are you at a strip club?
I will scourge the world of your filth.
The only music I've been listening to today is !
I feel like such a fan!
Hahaha
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Getting some brownies shipped and then it's time to make some cookie charms.
The snowmen are my favorite.
I SO agree with you.
Technology is a great tool, but as a parent I am always teaching effective face to face communication.
That I've done, though rarely...
however coming out just for the salesperson seems so weird to me.
God, if I cant have what I want, let me want what I have.
professorssor read five pages of our reading assignment in class today about Indian God Krishna mythology way to go teach!
RT : Staff: Does anyone know what a Federal Marshal is?
Little girl: Sometimes, Martians turn into aliens.
In like 2 weeks I'm gonna be lost among all of 's millions of followers.
i just visited google again.
they're still trying to make this work?
and they added cover photos?
who do they think they are, facebook?
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http
do good!
Merry Christmas!
Thanks for your support, sis!
Vanessa DeLousa named outstanding student at Family Healthcare Network at
I call people hoe a lot now!
Hmm
Was great to meet you Carolyn.
Hope to see you again soon.
Haha YAAAAAAAY I'm not the only one haha :D you can be my hometown buddy haha
was here
Getting tweets  1 a.m is......amazing3 haha
The Victory Garden Memorial Day Blitz May 29th: 8am4pm.
Potluck at 7pm location will be released on Blitz Day.
See you there :
OFFICALLY OFF THE MARKET BY THE ONE AND ONLY AMAZING 3
Yep : I backed it on Kickstarter
I'll just keep blocking I've better more important stuff to worry about then what all the haters think!
As much as some people try to cover their butts for their outrageous mistakes, they won't be able to completely.
I have an IP addy.
TRUTH!
Sorry you are sick too.
Feel better soon!
The awkward moment when someone says you two should go out!
and you're like: ......
I wish.
Did you check out 's music yet?
What did you think?
if I put myself in the mail, would u hang me on ur wall?
I'm really cold can sum1 cuddle me :
Your body can store 810 meals in your colon if you arent going regularly...that extra waste affects your waistline  your health!
Come find Madison No Fear Dentistry at the Women's Expo this weekend!
So excited for formal tomorrow!
Insomnia, so we meet again...
arch nemesis
has grown up so fast!
but I still love him no matter what!!!
BeliebersLovejustin 3
So my husband is licensed to perform marriage ceremonies in Maryland.
His religious title: Time Lord.
If you want to be in our music video, email us at with a picture and contact info!
Tonight!
8:30 Mercy Lounge FAREWELL FOR WINTER SHOW!!
w/ , ,  Parade
Put me on ya back burner when all I did was keep u on my front..
I aint dealing..
Bout to zoom zoom on these ungrateful's...
What's good on tv tonight?
I need more shows to record.
Tacos and Guac!!
RT : I know it is only 10am but Lunch is already on my mind.....
any thoughts?
My amiga Emily told me to tweet about her or she'd have my penis removed by a questionable doctor from Mexico while I'm asleep.
Love you..
What's on the other side of the bridge?
Do you remember when you were acting like a bat at the follow you video shoot?
GoTribe It's only the week 2 of season, but a second strong start from Ubaldo Jimenez / sweep of KC to lift Tribe to 44 ...
I'm straight....working hard 4 my finals
Enjoying spending time with our SEC Alumni staff colleagues in Nashville this week.
Lots of talk about events, football,  the future.
National Pancake Day and on a Tittie Tuesday, awesome!
Back in Richmond for hopefully the last day of this special session: about to vote on 100 amendments of Gov.
McDonnell to the budget.
My pleasure.
I will definitely post more when Big Takeover hits the news stands next month.
you need to stop!!
I know what you're doing!
Neutral court, your pik: Mo.St or MU?
Just wondering.
PS for new music have u tried
what're you up to in NYC Mon?
I'm in Bridge w the fam til Tues...
RT : Good morning Twitter.
Doctors make the worst jokes
haha, good one.
: Really?
That's excellent!
Coldplay rocks in my book.
Have held off on Sleepless Night on VOD so that I could watch in a theatrical setting.
Friday is very close.
Bobby Petrino's next job?
The NFL...where lying and cheating are considered strategy.
love the show, watched every episode multiple times, but never live.
Usually not home and like fast forwarding commercials
your such a cayutie , follow me ?
:
I think real question with athletic funding is how much athletics kicks back into academics.
You're about 6 blocks and 30 floors away from me right now.
Oh an exciting new short project just came up!
And it's gonna be funny.
interactive game design doubles as ethnography of student understanding of college and careers 
Are you receiving heavy rain  thunder this AM?
If so, report your location  time.
Thanks!
My lucky number is 2012
Yellow Submarine!
Really feel bad for Bulls fans
This fool said I got goutch he meant gout
Can store 1710 get a shout out from you?
We finished 1st in the North Division and 2nd overall in store cup!
SUPERBOWL RT : Hey Falcons Fans!
We're getting ready for the season  have some great things in the works!!
Today is the perfect day to doctorve to Newnan, GA  play a house concert for Jen  Sabrina!
Daytime shows rule!!
Hey , lemme know if you need some blue to borrow.
people should never take the first letter of the title of what the lord is in vain
Had one of our big supporters on kickstarter tel us they discovered gijoeinitiate through your page.
Much appreciated!
Reentry must be understood as a redoctorwing of the priorities and modalities of the state as a stratifying and classifying agency.
Loic JDW
buds!!!
our flight was cancelled yesterday so didn't get home til recently and I'm going to St Louis for FF tomorrow.
MISS YOU!
Even excluding the horror it precipitated for the Nations, it was far from benign.
Yazoo buyers claimed right of conquest.
Good taste is the enemy of creativity
So tired...and wired.
Final night spent around table full of genealogists discussing our stories.
Perfect way to end
RT  If Jacksonville's Jaguars are known as the 'Jags' and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the 'Bucs,' what doe...
okay, surely I will be there by then!
You're spending the night, correct?
But this game is funny
STIX the CAT sez, hi Ruth Jones  glad you're out in the world!
Meow!!
from your friend STIX the CAT
RT Good morning Earthlings...
What time is it???
Get to know me time: Love WalMart, getting a job minutes after being fired, the Rocky Mountains always being to the West, Tebow's potential.
We have 4 days till we hear the big news.
Who's excited?
LOL it's fine xD I might end up having to make the first move.
Y am I hungry!?
Sad that some HS AD's Would rather hire coach who sees it as an opportunity to just win rather than coach who wants to build character  win
did you find?
RT : Trying a new Google Reader iPhone client Newsie and thus far impressed.
That BOB SAGET Compliment Was Nice
go bucks!
Come say hi at Booth 200201 at the Spokane Home and Garden Show this weekend!
Excited people still waiting on Mall hoping spottheshuttle will fly over a third time.
Pretty cool the first two rounds.
Tim Armstrong on his way to Austin...
He can't resist the moment!!!
Expect him on stage tonight at Hype Hotel
His name is Head.
Dick Head.
:
Excited for 's superPAC training in DC this weekend!
Cc
RT Worst part of the Walking Dead is that minute of Comic Book Men I have to watch before I find the remote.
Got tickets to see T.I.
in 4 minutes!
Are you listening?
Dustin
u still awake cuz i think it might b late where u live
He said I was false as hell.
Coldwell Banker Legacy  Cottonwood Mall come by  enter 2 win an iPad2!
if you're curious about ur home's value, let me do a CMA 4 you!
what's the weather like in Atlanta?
Do I need a sweater?
Watching talk SUPERGODS on Go get 'em Grant.
what's your name on there?
so thankful for my trader joes frozen potstickers right now
I let you beat me for you not to want the cookie :o
lol naaa some people be looking at him like why the fuck are you alive?
I really dont care about anything anymore .
In Little Rock, watching them Devils!
Yo egg head, keep going ur getting good!!!
Lol
It's so nice to have a warmer day here.
I'm looking forward to spending more time outside.
Idk if I should start talking to this guy again.
My horoscope did say a blast from the past would hit me  turn into romance lol.
Tech students are used to getting those.
Is it so wrong to just want to make music for a living?!
It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving
I missin u too....
I like how they compared you to the giant fish monster in the Men in Black 3 commercial.
good luck...what are you doing for the rest of the day tomorrow?
Oh, I don't like this turn of events..
RT : Do you want to get a few tips on positive discipline?
Positive Parenting Course starts in Horsham Wednesday 23rd May...
Great win for my Boston Celtics over Miami tonight.
Who says old guys can't play?!
Mini concert going on at park St
NPR is the only reason fiddle music still exists.
I've been gone for like 70 days  no one misses me:
Then girls will gather an elite force called Wet Seal Team Six who will parachute into Adele's ex's London flat and throw cosmos in his face
WHOOP WHOOP LUNCH BREAK WORK OUT SESSION!!!!!!
Went to the Pride parade with Holland.
She danced up a little storm.
Uh weezer just did a cover of kids by mgmt...awesome
Dont ever fly United!
united Thanks and God Bless!
just started the journey to michigan with
New fave song  Scared of Lonely Even though its old
Tonight the JFG program High School is hosting the II ceremony recognizing our student leaders  JFG champions/join us pm.
That hand will be punching me.
oh my gosh yes!!
That was soo much fun!
And I'm gonna do that too and probably take Latin though all of high school too.
:p
I wonder how zookeepers feel going from one natural habitat to another after work.
FF Follow for info on our annual summer event!
It's 6/26 and includes a live performance by Dave Navarro and DJ Skribble!
haha really?
i must be crazy then cause everytime i watch it i get the urge to go swimming with sharks
Congradulations to Academy Dance from N.
Ireland on winning Worlds this year.
Nice routine and well executed.
Well done!
Pier House in Key West, at the end of Duvall Street, pretty nice bro
Love you too!
Have a fantastic weekend!!
Hugs
sitting here watching welcome home roscoe jenkins straight rolling
Visit Zoebeats.Com For Some Hott Beats!
I'm on MLB.tv, but I think it's also on MLB Network if you have it.
I'm ready to go right now...give me the green light...we can go all night...
amen.
Let us pray
Lovely lunch powwow with the fam at HappyFriday!
Mitt's stumbling on this is VERY weak and defensve.
No one is questioning his success, just asking for his tax returns.
143 I love your account!
I seriously can't stop retweeting your tweets!
We should definitely talk more!
3
Now up: 's description of the Neatline workshop being offered on April 20 during : bit.ly/w4mcg8
Welcome from Citi!
Thank you for being with us today and sharing the 8 cardinal rules for success for business!
Still trying to get through those leads?
Use our dialer platform!
Contact us at 8664606611
Thank you for raining today dear clouds.
Rain tomorrow, please?
seven state champions every year?
you might as well give everyone that suits up in the fall a damn trophy
Got Rack City in my head!
Just love and his lips !
Oh hot dayumm!
Sounds good.
We are partners with and Awesome people in CO for mobile and more!
DO ME A FAVOR SAVE DAT SHIT CHEIFKEEF finna get on a couple beats soon
from downstairs.
No problem!
We're big fans of Earthbound, here at gameESC, and even bigger fans of indie developers!
the hut...
no its a might
Why is this strawberry milkshake giving me a tummy ache??
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If someone had legitimacy wrote the article, they would have been smart enough to write it without misleading the audience
They ditched me.
I'm sitting in calc alone having a blast actually....
Feel like crying I hate being made a fool out of
Just had a red bull large enough to kill a razorback.
It is a nice label for a couple that does not need or want to get married but still feels more than a bf/gf
Is there a reason why this always happens to me?:/
I'm at hooters with a British kid and the waiter asked if he was Australian.
Oh Jesus
lol yea my bad I was busy last night but thanks for thinkin about me
One of those days that makes you think
oh ok coo so I still got a chance then lol
I have a way with words.
girl, I'm so sad that csi Miami is cancelled I don't know what to do :
I hate it when bitches tell me to calm down.
.
founder is in Baltimore this week, and we have some good stuff planned.
Tonight: awards at meeting!
RT Exercise Your Way to Healthier Skin RATELIMITEXCEEDED
Ty u Dora
Dude, really?!
Stereotype much?
officially 28 years old...this should be a good year!
No come back there then bruv :L 3
just spilled mountain dew all over myself ...
Fuck but i dont want to see that kid from L.A High .

Hey John, when gonna let that goatee grow into a fullon beard?
thats weak Mets!
Would 3 for 3 do it?
Any other combinations than 3 for 5?
RT to win the liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a swinked package from
Thanks for signing up!
:
Follow me me love you!!
This will be a problem.
RT 70 mil will leave labor force in the next 18 year to be replaced by only 40 mil
2 finals down, 2 more to go.
We are located in lakeview and now open for business 107 daily, stop in to have a new food experience in your neighborhood!
ff Venture Capital hiring an analyst  SYSCON Media
Everything and everyone in my life has finally fallen in their perfect place 3
Thank you for the follow, Jeffrey.
Lookforward to your tweets.
I would have love to see George Burns with a twitter page!
I'm going to take a guess that it's a or ?
Sure thing!
nothing much you?
Seriously, man.
You don't even feel a little ashamed when you just make up stuff abt other countries?
LOL.
Sometimes I'd like to do that.
My mom's emails, not your mom's.
Obviously.
Happy to be a part of Great gathering of those interested in keeping heritage vibrant in our communities.
Dear How high is a motherfucker?
Sincerely,
same an at a 3rd graders house lol how old r u
I'm a vodka girl.
more like damn
Spending a nice spring morning at Arlington National Cemetery.
Dog  Pony Grill in Boerne, TX tonight!
Show is 8:3011:30pm.
5 piece band y'all  it's gonna be a hoot!!
Roll on NYE bottom of the hill tickets selling fast...
Am I the only one that kinda finds it odd that Reba wasn't one of the top ten artists of the decade?
dont hate me cause im pretty omg wat
Hey!
There's money over here!
Wow a 102 million in Federal budget cuts today.
Excuse me while I pee in the ocean.
With all the crazy rain, sales calls, deliveries, online sales, and home contruction crew, I must say I think today was a damm good day!
...
is posting a new blog entry and linking it to FB and Twitter.
Stosh told me the were in the AL this year.
My schedule says different.
Macaroni necklaces gone horribly wrong.
Wow, that would be awesome!
Those GATE creatures are cool.
blah blah blah ; shuudduppp
you working on an album/mixtape right now?
Saw horrible bosses it was horrible that's all I can say :/
Well, and I are both officially free agents.
No jobs, mortgage, lease or kids.
Time to throw darts at the map?
goodbyepgh?
Chris, you can do it now being Flexible after Dayton...
I really travel...
Sydney, Australia!
:
Speed ladder and cones in the a.m.
Yes then I will definitely be checking them out.
I already love their clothes even though they are not tall sized.
:
Looking forward to a family shoot with our friends today :
I agree.
I don't think he will be around for the games that actually matter...
Here's hoping for a speedy recovery, Tim!
I have been looking for you!
I'm raging Dark Throne in here...it's Awesome
Another great week starting with some huge announcements from Intelen on business projects and initiatives...keeping on to kill em all :
Happy CincoDeMayo !
hope u do somethi g fun
I feel so sorry for you
4 Pitchers of Lite over at Libby's Lounge tonight...
1682 N Van Buren
I've got some news: I'm getting a new job on the digital team: XML Database Administrator.
So, we'll be looking for a metadata librarian :
Affiliate Marketing Revenue Streams To Add To Each World wide web Web page
My brother is such a baby...i love him so much
Get it done sir!
Bring it home
Fighting with my health insurance company over unreimbursed medical claims LIKE A BOSS.
RT: Smart Water is irrelevant.
The bottles look like bullets and they always overfill it.
So when you open it, it's like fuck ...
YUM!
That's my favorite.
Sounds so good right now!
:
Yup con el loco  RT : We so beachy
wall street
Sure, it would be easier to simply followback everyone, but I like to give you a shout out while I'm at it!
Andele andele mami, E.I.
E.I.
Uhoh!
What's poppin tonight?
yes ma'am :D
Tonight on WWW.fccfreeradio.com at 8:15 its on the couch with doctorbrian....
Submit your questions now and ill answer them on the air.
Great video!
you already know hard work brings perfect success; oh man , they dont know whats coming.
phone dead still..might got an apt down the street tho..what's good witcha?
Today was hard.
Got some discouraging news.
But I know God is good!
Took a long walk to think and a bath to relax and I'm feeling good 
I am 7X7 today.
hey you better wish me a happy birthday saturday, or right now would be good too.
New Goal: take more pictures.
2nd office of the day wohoo
nobody cares, so shut up.
go to youtube and look up snotty Stevenson defenders of awesome.
Its 4 minutes long
A1.
Climbing Cotopaxi with an ice pick in one hand, and a camera in the other!
Never felt so hardcore haha :
Trying to get my hair done and my hairdoctorsser is MIA...
Smh!
good to know about full bleed used r1900 in past and was nice but expensive ink.
That doesn't mean you have to think the Heat won't win, but you have to at least realize and recognize the Pacers aren't going down easy
Thanks!
That makes us feel all warm and fuzzy inside
damn, that grl feisty!
Wahoo!
Sanity is winning!
:
I have two rules.
My food has to be dead and cooked...and you have to be able to purchase it at the local market.
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
We would like to welcome our newest team members David Beck and Joe Simon!
6 flags tomorrow
Done.
Also added a little more variety during these sometimes cloudy days.
Where do you go for solid nutritional advice for your pets?
Check out
I hate that I miss you
I don't know the Rays games.
Sports?
I'm so uncool sometimes.
; 
I KNOW WHAT A ROSEBUSH IS!
Oh wow I just thought of something really dirty.......
Hahahaha
Chillin wit my broski Kyle Lucas
The Expendables 2 Movie Trailerwith Chuck Norris ...
Hey Elissa !
It's Megan from Matt's concert Friday : Thanks for the follow !!!3
17 play 49'er doctorve for a field goal reminds me of every time I try a new level on Madden game...
With julian :
where you at?
Nice.
Good luck!
Yeah, I should've expected this.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALESSANdoctor 
RT  I wish money grew from trees.
I just listened to that video and loved it!
I love this new Kanye.
I Don't Like
: Fowler stepped out of Almost Famous.
doctormmer for Stillwater?
no interest b4 but w/that reference, tuning in
Christianity, if false, is of no importance, , if true, of infinite importance.
Only thing it can't be is moderately important.
Lewis
Teachers w iPads:new iPad arrives Fri.
Do you have a case you'd recommend?
Do you use a keyboard/stylus?
Other accessories?
Congrats to David Jurbala on his NYC opportunity!!
RT : WORK  BOUT TO MAKE MAGIC
You too!
Thanks for the doctorve!
Looking forward to checking it out!
Will be speaking at The BoysGirls of Hudson County today at 5pm.
1 Canal St.
Jersey City,NJ
Snow outside.
Good time to do some ghostwriting.
These little kids r forcefully recruited into the LRA a.k.a the army.
Outsmarting an opponent is not always hiding your next move from them, but having them convinced they know u enough to know what it will be.
Me and him are going to shot hoes
Check out our new facebook page!
We are in the process of adding information so stay tuned!
We hope that each of you has a JOYful and peaceful Thanksgiving Day.
Thank you all for the support you have shown us these last 2...
just had a doctoram I was on lockdown with y'all  we were investigating an underground school
in class : omg my twitter is unfollow people .
Thank you!
Terrible ear infection.
feels like someone is stabbing me in the ear.
when will these antibiotic doctorps start working better?
all these games got me antsy for tomorrow!
WARNING: this film MAY contain nudity.
Either there is or there isn't, don't waste my time.
another great block  from behind!
Actual fireworks during the song Firework
Becks I'm a bit tired of, to be honest but he is still great.
Follow Gunners, Bolton, do like Leeds
Did you take your BallSoHard gear with you West?
Did you like the Legit shirt?
You are the man to wear that.
you did a great job!
thanks!
Watching lion king 2 .........
Alone
Christina looked a bit bloated...
Great workout swimming has been ruined by the awful taking an hour to get me 5 stations down the
thanks for mentioning getclassicalattherosebar RSVP until april 14th.please come and review to get the launch of the ground?
u can come hang out with me at kirby er and keep me awake
what are you talking about
I have a desktop support role in Philly.
Perm Banking or Finance experience is required.
Good morning and Happy Friday to all my tweeps!!
haven't done that since my birthday..
it's been a while.
Couldn't do it everyday.
whatchu know about indiefilm  let us know for a RT!
WHOA.
Hardcore Recruiting  signing up 10 new participants for April camp.
Oh yeah, we're still taking applications so get yours in ASAP!
My biggest pet peeve is when people who are very very evil are rewarded for their bad behavior.
Sad.
TIL you can continue an OS X installation where it left off if the original installation was halted by a power shortage!
Thanks Apple!
you are hilarious in your videos, been watching them for hours now :D view isn't bad either woo ;
WHOOP WHOOP!
I ran too screaming the battlecry bikinisummer!
I know yah heard me DC, MS, NY
yes, see you Saturday :
My life will be back to normal once the AP exam is over  I've finished doctorver's Ed
let the ignorance begin...
i'm actually watching BBW when it premiers...
shocker
It's pretty clear what I've got to do.
Although its going to be one of the hardest things ever.
Me too but maybe bc I'm doctornk n watching the new Footlose movie.
Does Raw Dog/Sirius air your work?
It's a wrap.
Great job, team.
This is what healthcare social media is all about: spreading awareness and education.
actually when my sister finally tells me she has a twitter 
AT LEAST YOU STEAL FROM THE BEST I'LL GIVE YOU THAT
of course im here!
It's a low easier to get subscribers on you tube than followers on twitter.
Cruisin through the caribbean with the fam, be back next week.
Have a great new year everybody.
If socalled officers of the law enter your home, without a warrant, or probable cause, it is illegal.
hungry as fuck
Haha, that's EXACTLY what I was going to say.
uhh..
yeah.
i do have a cell phone.
lmao
Thanks for featuring us on your blog!
Although we think shortskirtsmakemehappy.com has potential for awesomeness
You need to tell management they need podcast's for the internet listeners
If you're at Disneyland in Anaheim just stop by the shop on your way home to save on shipping.
We are right around the corner!
Colfax Community Network helps homeless families living in Colfax motels
GlobalWaronZombies unlikely, states would take advantage to advance interests!
my ear hurts
Go to our facebook page to see more of mister Wasabi.
He is so good!
my arm is starting to get sore
Knowing he can't shoot
I'm so bored
do it.
Do you have a shirt and tie for the interview?
RT : Obama2012slogans: You want transparency?
Fine.
I want your money!
Then you'll love www.iwantyourmoney.net!!
Thin line between love and hate, friends and snakes...
Too bad that wasn't an away game.
RT : BSB: Schedule update, today's home game against Hawai'i has been rained out.
eye don't know any other team but oregon.
That's like me running the 800.
Eye can only win with oregon and everyone knows that.
Phone battery running down.
Guess it's time to switch to print.
Today's reading menu: The Marriage Plot  maybe The Fault in Our Stars.
I hear Monster cable works best!
now you know :
See me lookin pass limit she told me dont be scared now wwoww
hahaha ok do you need any help?
:
because my rich cousin lives there and because you're tweeting from an iPhone 
Happy Hump Day
You know you are in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams 3
would love to intro you to spreecast.
ask about us.
DM me if you are interested.
all packed and ready to head out for
Greetings from Albuquerque!
Happy Writing!

doctornk sex
lol Claire is dope for that
RIP Dick Clark.
Thanks for keepin us rockin!
I'm considering making Dahvie a bracelet that says Vanity and one that says Monroe haha
RT : Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez had an mister today which confirmed a torn ACL in his right knee.
man...he lived a long time!
Haha.
RT : Big congrats to Lehigh it must have been logistics that helped with that win!
Very well could be.
Hammond mentioned today consistency has been a problem and wants more of it moving forward
We just hit 30 users today.
Yes, mostly in SF, but interestingly a couple from the UK as well..
we are blaming you not google!
I live here and you said you were going to wait for us.
:
Love this game.
Working on components for 2 Superbowl campaigns, I am probably going to end up sleeping through the big game.
Get Jimmy's right across you're heart...
orsomewhereelse;
hahahe is your kind of guy!
Can't wait to see you soon!
my addiction to tumblr is really bad lol
Amygdala.
Reward center of the brain.
Addiction center, I got that one in an otherwise brilliant book last week...
easily annoyed lol
Bout time miami
Car crash at Alameda  Potomac.
Cops in scene.
I hope the Predators have enough offense.I think our goalie is actually better than King Henrik and we have better defense.
20 Reverse Lunges topped with 20 Squat Kicks for today's 9RoundMinute!
Let's get after it, Madison!!
So sorry to hear that.
:
OKC is keepin it alive after their crushing lost in OT last time...
gotta love their effort and relentless energy
I want some Applebees
I'm disappointed Wold didn't ask about enforcement of lunar immigration laws.
Happy Holidays y'all!
We're back just in time for the New Year!
if someone sees you in public do you mind if they come up to you for pictures or just to meet you?
so excited to go to the Montana Archaeological Society Conference this weekend!!!!!
don't forget to pack a wife...
Bridal fashion show  lots of screaming brides!
Hi Adam.
It would be a pleasure to meet with this fall.
I'm in!
check out www.jamesjmcdonnell.com when you have a minute.
Kobe not playing like it's a game 7
A jolly good forenoon to all of ye as well!!!
your adorable: thanks for following me
You say you care, but you sure as hell don't show it.
Saved someone 350 today and ran a new home buyers seminar.
get outta my head...
Im planning on going to Santa Fe tomorrow to cover the NM State Legislature, Immigration Day, let me know if you are going as well
That RNS RT : Today's lesson simple if you don't work you don't eat...class
10RandomThingsAboutMe I always try toile people happy
Maybe then he'll talk to me about our business instead of hiding.
I set my appointment at 10 why are these people going in front of me?
It's 10:30!!
Today is my 2year Ph.D.iversary!
After my dissertation defense I had a migraine and spent an hour disoriented in a P.F.Chang's bathroom.
Found out what 'as hard as a rock' literally means with my rear end
Pelosi et al calling for one of the few dems with any balls to step down because he showed 'em off?
Fuck that, cowards.
Whip it out Anthony.
SECO 2012 Attendees!
Don't forget that a grand cash pize of 10,000 will be awarded to one lucky today in Optometry's Marketplace!
Don't peel your carrots...wash with a vegetable brush and enjoy the flavor and nutrients that are on the outside!
Text.Me.3
oo...
clearly you've never had proper Chinese food RT Controversy is my favourite dish.
:
As of today I have officially survived 1 year in California without wearing feathers in my hair, becoming vegan, or starting a compost bin.
lol...wow.
No sir.
Was it bad for you or the other team?
Trust is like an eraser it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
Good morning!
Safe travels.
I was just thinking that you'd be flying into darkness tonight.
See you at 5ish.
omg.
they sound perfect for me: cheesy and repetitive
been hearing yall play some ja rule lately a little suprise knowing you always rip him I know you still got love for him.
Having dinner at Macaroni Grill in the OC :
Don't forget the , the iPhone and a SIGG water bottle to wash down the Sours.
May your road trip with go smooth!
Since I didnt sleep a wink on the plane, my sleeping schedule is so messed up right now...up for 48 hrs  counting....
MentionYourCrush um how about no?
Lol.
I need to stop reading this but I can't help myself.
It's like the sore tooth you can't stop pushing your tongue against.
Looking forward to it.
:
quotes have been great.
Now how to get more of our cats tweeting by next season?

: Thanks for the RTs!
Were you at bio2011 this year?
Thanks, Laura.
Looking forward...
Amen...Amen!!
This for all the people who called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter.
It's all good
Of the 60ish hrs I've been in New Orleans I spent less than 10 sleeping
Fat don't crack
It's supposed to be an amazing one!
: ...
and sexy rumor has it.
Thanks!
Congrats on your success!
We need stories the MENTALCOACH news email me if you like
Polo to tha floor!!!
Writing in Miami today!
It is so nice to wear shorts, a Tshirt and rainbows.
I miss warm weather.
Glad to hear you haven't burnt it down yet.
When did you want to chat about the management of it?
Very cool.
I have one that does that but it's cluttered and hard to read.
I'll check it out  hopefully still on sale in AM
Possibly.
What time will you be down here?
If I can't make it for lunch, I'll try to stop down for a hug.
:
Sometimes you have to be silent to be heard.
Stanislaw Lec
McQueen exhibit at the Met is fantastic but be prepared for crowds and a long line.
Thru Aug 7.
8 of battery on a Mac is a lot.
Says 22 minutes, omg
today was a great day!
: I want more days like this haha
Lyvie rams into the back of my foot tonight with a kid buggy.
Why?
She was running from the security camera.
What!!!
yeah, that's what it is.
ya' got me.
salty.
jealous.
and, you just made that up.
that isn't even a golden rule.
pregnant
So much to do, so little time !!!
Good Morning!
The movie The Grey came out on BluRay and dvd.
Its really good.
Its suspense and a little horror.
Some parts are prettys graphic.
I hav ...
I seriously suck at tweeting nowadays.
Thanks for sharing hot lead about Gimme Bar, Looks to be pretty rad.
Besides stiffling heat...
one more benefit of being based in AZ...
the AZ MSP Show is at top of the USA Tour Schedule page.
http://
Create new work!
Tell your stories and bring your own unique perspective!
Challenge yourself!
Yes, this is forwarded by cloud tools RT : A2: What about collaboration for student team projects?
Living life to the fullest like there's not tomorrow!
:
Just got my new cover flats for The Betrothal!
They look beautiful!
Haha very clever!
So you've been painting more recently?
awh , that's so cute !
Winking lizard with the family.
Good to run into and
Well he came to mines, but I missed him, but I talked to him on the phone.
But I was still upset that I didn't meet him.
Friend suggested when overwhelmed w/ cleaning,tasks,etc: give it 14 mins a day as to not be overwhelmed  been doing w/ yoga in amhappy.
worked out with boxing and lots of abs today!
oh haha I was confused
true truetwo of the three are done.
Now for a brunchy snack at
how come you arent verified?
Over one million new cases of skin cancer diagnosed each year, outnumbering the total number of other cancers combined
.
The nastiness implied here is disheartening.
This is almost straight out of Mean Girls.
Chances tomorrow folks.
Can't wait!!
Heading off to Miller Park in a min.
Nerves running high.
Seeds and High Life are already on
Irony is Gregg Murphy talking about how well Ty Wiggington is hitting as he strikes out.
4 in a row?
Heck ya
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
35
LOV UR ALBUM!
ur voice is absolutely amazing  i really hope i cn be as amazing  beautiful inside and out as u when im older
This is interesting, but while it explains the fear of 13 It does not addoctorss Why Fri the 13th?
Why not Sun, Mon ect...
World Famous Ponce will be teaching a FREE ladies Styling workshop at Downtown28/Hollywood.
At 9:30p.m.
many thanks, Jenny.
What a great night!
shout me out
Getting more and more upset that I am missing 's conference to end factory farming this weekend
We play the catchiest songs in
At Black Male Identity Youth Exhibition and Community Celebration.
Amazing event.
Youth performances have been incredible.
we r hanging this weekend : and I am not little
Bobby Browns Official Statement Explaining Why He Left Whitney Houstons Funeral
lmfao i hate you
Lol.
Its like you were there :D i was actually told,Eaddy, you can play with it AFTER we shoot.
Now, let's do this.
Roll sound!
me this morning: take the bus in obama traffic or bike in rain?
i chose bus in traffic.
it's sunny outi chose poorly.
HA!
CompuServe!
No, it's one product with a monthly bill.
I can't say much more until they book the job, I'll keep you posted
my girl 
Hail and wind stopped our outdoor shoot tomorrow.
Making a web series in South Florida.
Love it.
I'm glad that's it's been able to get a lot of use to help carry on her story!
that's what's up!
Let me know when it's finished so I can support
I would love to snuggle an elephant.
No elephants at Philly Zoo  they sent them to a bigger habitat a couple years ago
how's the event going?
Is EMFR there?
Well my road trip begins in 3 2 1 ...
: Must get out to next time I'm D.C., I'm hearing wonderful things!!!
we look forward to that!!!!!
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Just saw Allen Iverson at Cumberland today.
Why does bread have to be so yummy?
No really..
someone tell me!!
they're just trying to do damage control
so did I
: Agree?
RT COCivilUnions will hurt childoctorn more by creating unstable relationships says Focus on Family hell no
a genius idea!
fuck the world!!!!
no clue.
But I am bummed.
The price of excellence is discipline.
The cost of mediocrity is disappointment.
My problem with GOOGhating: they did what we wouldn't,  w/o support, bad legal decisions cld retard dig library 4 long time
Spent the morning in Queens shooting a documentary on affordable housing and the afternoon in BK at Tompkins
Im Sick And Tired To Hide To Mess That I Am .
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant and Castle  Pub
Damn the Bulls are getting WORKED by the Nets!!!
SMH
Kinda excited about Oscars this Sunday at 5pm on  BREAK A LEG!
I'm not exactly sure what Mubarak's speech just meant, but I'm pretty sure he just said he did not have sexual relations with that country
ThatAwkwardMoment when someone catches you looking at them in the rear view mirror.
so cute
hahahahahaha the yolo sign was so dumb.
No such thing as a weekend or a day off!
ALWAYS GRINDING
Wings, ribs, cole slaw and baked beans for 10 people ONLY 69.95.
Order while you still can!
blah, I completely agree..
I finished last Thursday.
I miss my family, but it sucks here so bad..
lol I know :
Harbaugh: I called to remind him of my respect for him.
Excited about the spring weather?
It's almost sun doctorss time!
Emory University Doc Monica Walker: Marry scientific and faith communities, where pastors are informed.
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck coming up now to talk about the Comeback Rockies....Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
Ha!
RT : great show.
Let me know when Delapena gets that 911 Carrera.
The current strategy is showing no indications of a credible path to success, so you're setting up a false dichotomy.
1 you send off
Does the word tweet look weird to anyone else now?
The sushi was good, not spectacular.
Waiting 1hr 15min to get it...
Unacceptable
Where's the raw video of bellydancing?
no.
I'm tired
diamond if there is any justice
Nope.
Chicken biryani, fish curry w/t mustard sauce, goat curry w/t onion  garlic sauce amongst other things.:
Hey, followers: make with the questions.
Its Mon.
and Ive got 3 days of wisdom to burn off or my body digests it.
It's hard not to treat politics like the movie you missed the beginning off.
PUAHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA I'm done with you!
I'm dead
Hanging out with my second family :
Exciting addition to the Nicole CHarles  Associates team going to be announced soon!
Stay tuned....
It's an amazing beautiful thing the power of fam!!!
B blessed.n believe iit!!
Lol she's the man is the best movie ever
WeAreNotCoolBecause you are a lying bitch
readin iconic love and stole my heart im addicted to ur storys
: Me n royal are like blood man ha that's my nigha fareal
Help me, stop my tears, and I will sing your goodness.
Lord, give me words and I will shout your praise
Making a horror movie??
Count me in....
Am I hot enough for it?
Jason Everett discussing SOPA/CISPA/ Patent Reform and IP/tech issues that affect our community.
Great news on BION with Contreras appointment Pres.
International Oper.
He was Viceminister of Energy and Hydoctorcarbons!!!
pretty sure I left my chair in ya mama's car
Hypnosis.
Does It Work?
We put it to test.
Find out what happens tonight and tomorrow at 10pm on WAND.
Lawyers make sure you renew your domain names for more then 5 years at a time, do not forget to renew!
RT : yes i think the high speed straights w/ hard braking  passing zone surrounded by grand stands this will be an exciting track
you will ;
beautiful day outside
but yo boy is still gunna be there!!!!
If JB was anywhere remotely in my area, I'd be there!
Mars Curiosity was my first nonhuman spaceflight launch.
MSL Still very emotional.
I'm privileged to be so close to greatness.
I feel like an old person
I can't stand Kenyon Martin bitch ass
Thanks!
You too.
you were completing my halffinished thoughts today...
Amazing!!
Son of a Beach!
My DVR is full
Time for work : thank his For people and their weak immune systems of else I wouldn't have a Job ;
and I'll savor every moment of this
Have a good one!
doomsdayplaylist Any Old Iron by HarryChampion 
iPad my mum let me use it for a lil ....
hahaha i know..
well you are talented so you'll go far.
:
It was one of the stranger realizations I've had in life.
Happened a few months after she dumped my via text.
StandBy Alert !!
Dark Horse  Sunday
way to unveil July 2012!
Please give a shout out to  !
She is an actress and singer !
Plz follow her !
I'm trying to watch New Girl and he's playing some gay ass song.
RT I hate texting people first.
I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
me too!
I'm so happy!!!
The best service provider Is getting the iPhone.
Verizon will be announcing the apple contract on tuesday.ps ATT is considered the worst.
Wonder how many who ran Petersen this weekend will show up at tonight's group run in Forest Park?
thankful for YOU!!
THE IMPOSTER examines the subjective truth in documentary format.
The woman next to me couldn't stop gasping, rightly.
See it!
We pulled some strings and IWYM will be showing in the CPAC theater on Saturday morning!
:
Phew....having 2 craft shows on the SAME day is STRESSFUL!
Glad that's over!
concert this Saturday at Revolution Live!
:D
Hanging out at the Royals Game.
Thank goodness I'm in a suite cause it's cold and baseball is pretty Boring.
Well it's just not my thing.
Just found on twitter.
Daymade.
gosh, i love my life  :
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Sir Walter Scott
its like a month since our bdays...
I used wallwisher with my higher ed students last semester and had consistent trouble with access on a browser.
reminds us of an important detail: your Twitter favorites are public.
So, be mindful.
The man sitting next to me at Starbucks looks almost EXACTLY like Steve Jobs, from the hair to the fauxblack turtleneck.
Except for his PC.
I was finding great pleasure in painting this cabinet and blaring metal with my windows open...
and then Pandora tried to sell me a Jeep.
Some Nerve!
Everyone Deserves A Happy Ending, If it isn't happy then, it hasn't ended yet.
J.K Rowling
that's a question for .
i vote 'YES'.
we already have something for 4/14...other dates?
We are scheduled for a site visit for a CDC HIV Prevention grant.
That's a step closer to winning the grant  it's exciting for us!
Looking forward to listening to the new Flobots release on 3/16/10.
Any prerelease buzz?
Making choices and free will are what make this country great!
i read your bio and thought you might like us.
:
I wish I was rich and give every thing to the poor and the one that need it!!
So I found myself staring at this girls boobs and she looks at me and we make eye contact and I awkwardly look away
The Old Man and the Seagrams
We have cable but he doesn't watch more than an hour per week per his choice.
Just hates being different than other kids.
is traveling to Deer Valley for opening ski weekend and is checking 18 bottles of wine!!!
Now that's a true winelover!!
Obama on past Barnard Commencement speakers: You set a pretty high bar: Hillary Clinton, Meryl Streep, Sheryl Sandberg.
Graciela PerezGrillo: the First Lady of Latin Jazz passed away this morning.
Aw, you are more though c:
Who has Tumblr?
How do you like it?
How often do you visit?
Should we be tumbling around too?
Discuss.
Fun show March 10th  New Frontier Tacoma 21
Consistent persistence can be misunderstood.
What impression are you making with constant doggedness?
Where there's SMOKE there's Liars.
HA HHA
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself.
Sren Kierkegaard
I would text you back .
yeah offensive line is a better argument but they still have EDS, and sherrod as legit backups.
If your company experienced growth from 20072009 and an increase in sales from 20082009, nominate yourself or client now for Philly 100!
RT Lack of expression causes depression.
Get out there and start giving!
IN Quotes: If you don't Ask, the answer is 'no' anyway, by default.
YOU ARE THE
You guys know that's a COLDPLAY album, right?
Good morning world.
Time to get working on some music.
Coffee and a guitar.
what about u ?
We found gloves in a hopeless place.
Happy Mother's Day!
U.S.
Dem Rep Norm Dicks retiring.
Announced today.
Says he wants to change gears, enjoy life
It already sucks
you know it.;
Our website contact page got messed up, so if you've tried to contact us  we haven't responded, please try again.
Sorry bout that!
/te
I wanna go to xs
thanks it could have been better because she leave an ingredient out that my grandmother puts in it.
oh!
They are from fort worth, you should check em out!
Very good stuff!
Kinda similar to our sound with piano!
Woke up today at 3:30pm, definitely jetlagged...
does LinMelo Chemistry count toward the science requirement for humanities majors?
Editing ,that's the part that sucks , takes the time to get it right!
Lol!
Sometimes...
most of the time, it's hard being an A's fan...
I think in general I can be very specific
Been playing with a kite for an hour.
Meanwhile, a 15 min McDonald's trip has taken my grandparents 2 hours And I'm getting hungry.
starting the morning and afternoon off at only to go straight to for the evening...
I love 12 hour days like these.
New play list at work!!!
Good job : its better than the last playlist!!
Hologram Michael May Join Jackson Brothers on Tour ah, the sweet scent of eau de desperation and exploitation
you are quite welcome!
WRESTLEMANIA28 that is some baby back bullshyt TeamTeddy should of won
Thank you for that shoutout!
Trying to wind down and get to sleep.
Where is sandman when u need him?
Let's do it!
RT : RT : Would anyone be up for somewhat regular createbmore twitter chats with hashtags?
Thanks for the Mother's Day greeting!
Have a great week :o
what cultural event are you going o his weekend?
Lol, Will keep that in mind.
Today makes it 2 years since Michael J.
Jackson died when he was doctorgged by his Doctor in his L.A Home he will forever be miss
never thought life could be this sweet, got me smiling from cheek to cheek
waystogetwomenmad : Telling her toCalm down .
' It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire.
'
thanks for coming in and being a loyal customer for more than seven years....wow.
We love you and your firm!
Do not forget to stop by LUCI and enjoy great savings on all of new Spring Merchandise.
Our Store is looking Marvelous!
Eve was on noahs arch in the V.I.P section!
Ahahaha
no please..
Mosaic  Des Peres opens today at 5pm.
Reservations may be made via Opentable, our website or call 3143942323.
Thank you!!!
that's what I thought.
If you're TIRED of stupid love tweets  quotes , follow .
She tweets real interesting shit you can relate too.
Testimonial: I just wanted to say I recd your thank you gift.
It was a pleasure ordering from you guys and the products were great.
My Jimmy Johns is taking far too long.
Lots of upheaval for Washington Capitals todayHunter not returning, Semin going FA.
Most surprising?
Level of venom toward Ovechkin.
Girls with asses like mine dont talk to guys with faces like yours
BYU athletics lives to disappoint its fans.
I feel sorry for that fan base.
Thanks for the RT!
Check out cannaphonic.com
Boom Boom poww ;
Aye all my followers I love yall
Hey thanks for following me :
Lol i bet.
I need some RT : looking for the money lol
Oh yeah!
So do the receivers, they have like 4 doctorpped balls!
New Video Coming Soon
I've spent my high school life working over partying  hanging out, and my parents think I'm a wild child.
lololol, y'all are ignorant.
So AgentDLV was so excited, he decided we should have 5 lucky winners!
Congrats !
DMs!
sounds amazing!!
Just got home
do you dance?
Playing  Crossroads in Fredericksburg tonight!
9pm.
Got the big band  it's gonna be a ball  see ya there!
Our fabulous intern's blog post will be up tomorrow.
Make sure to check it out and say hi.
No Cesc, Pique or Sanchez in the starting lineup.
Puts a girl on the spot!!!
;
I wanna see the lucky one!
Anyone wanna go ;
shrugs..
Lies you tell..
is that your puppy?
Dang she grew up.
I'm so indecisive.
I can't pick an all time.
Haha.
Right now, its Mororcycle doctorveby.
: ;A; That suckkssss
...yes when she was singing about her Jesus..Jaz said wow that's a powerful God!
I made a mistake.
I feel awful.
This would be better if we met IRL.
Hopefully, you'll forgive me and we'll meet sometime.
thankswe hope you find it useful
to that guy wearing the Tshirt to Baconfest.
Like the movie PCUdon't be that guy!!
Pacers Boombaby loudcrowd should be fun!
Wins Above Replacement RT So if half my followers love me and half hate me who is right ,I think we have a war about to begin
interesting resource, but this is for a locationbased editorial feature for Scoutmob.
Quality local places locals luv ;
Last day in the Vox office and I'm making lastminute changes to this week's feature.
Spending the day at the BBC with London Business School's Media Club.
really...
then someone should give that same instruction.
Yes and those who are willing to undergo self sacrifice for the other may discover the realization of ones own true nature.
By the age of 5, a child should have 60 books
Aughh , and she know I really want one too v.v
i miss my baby :/
oh boy I know a few people from Birmingham!
I know to much I will stay out of this one ;
...lol....no that was my girl Michelle.
What's up w/ ya baby!
Gonna take a nap.
Did you look in the window?
It's marchmadness time again!!
Was having withdoctorws all week
what's good
I've also seen a few Rickrolling term papers that worked on the same principle.
Love it when companies help the arts!
InterContinental Milwaukee partnering with UPAF on Gallery Nite April 17.
More on Facebook..
Finished my book this morning.
I'm telling you, getting up at four has really made a difference!
Interesting article and sobering information as costs keep increasing across highered.
Unrestricted donor dollars are critical.
why does everyone hate me
Mayweather just lost his Black Card for that entrance.....
Facebook Timeline Provides 46 Lift in Brand Page Engagement
Wow April fools day is annoying already.
That sure didn't take long...

saying MWP murdered Harden?
SO not funny.
Grow up.
The Thunder could teach your Lakers a thing or 500 about CLASS.
That just freaking made my day!!
i always see her flirting with a lady at school too
Ya cannot wait to work black Friday !2close heck yeah I'm pumped !
Dissapointed thoe I can't see of mice  men tomorrow thoe ...
miss your face!
Pretty insane
so whats manchester looking like with the new winnerS.
are utd being sore losers?
RT : Watch Your Back Because No One Else Will
Never making a sandwich again.
Welcome and thanks to my newest followers!
Himilayian House or the new place in the shopping center?
Tanning relaxes me, I love it.

The Texas Medical Center
had a great weekend with family at Glacier Canyon Lodge!
Thank you!!
I had a sick thought what if Harry went after Pattie and Harry became Justin's dad .......
omg
Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas both graduate from Kentucky, according to school.
Today's pick for the Latina that exemplifies The LatinaEffect.
A Latina making a positive effect in our community....
seems like it never gets paid off.
Big doctoram is gonna to be at the Broadway comedy club 318 west 53st on Broadway nyc 700pm please cum c me perform
To be is to do and To do is to be....so Do Be Do Be Do
After 3 years in west Texas I have a deep rooted hatred for wind now.
I love being hyper !!!!
I have a new found love for mushrooms 
is that even a question???
Of course we will!
12 days till my 1st exam left.
OMG
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
Digitizing old stuff: first stop: copyright issues  Mary Minow
Back on my 90 Day Challenge ...
played Raquetball and then weights in the gym!
Ready for a shake!!!
Thank goodness for NEURO!
Rock n Roll exists in Canada!?
I Thought it was all mapple syrup and bacon?
j/k : I love Canada
I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
oh guys, I know I'm attractive.
But you'll need to control yourselves
haha...man why do I love you...oh yeah!
Cause I have to..
But you're not mine to die for anymore, so I must live.
Japandoctorids, The House That Heaven Built
is life worth living without love?
I will never understand how someone can be naive.
Well beyond naive.
Preach it!
waves hello to new follower  Jorge!
sending my late congrats!
No, 89,000 RSVPed before the morning of Jan 25 on the Event.
I have timestamp.
My view: Initial protest was catalyzed by FB.
Hello to all DYNPR new followers!!!!!
To good to be true.
PLEASE FOLLOW NOW ....
DO IT
When you start affecting lives, you have more of a responsibility.
You are no longer doing it for you.
no problem!
glad you had a good turnout!
Well we're in the Ls..
I change my mind a little to quick ;p
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished.
Leslie Nielsen
No!
But I always do it the wrong way 
Sounds like two MVPs will be at Miller Park tomorrow
2011.09.06 Cardinals 4 Brewers 2  Gallardo can't win / when facing Cardinal red / Zach tries tomorrow.
What oomf said to me today got me thinkinn..
smh
U hitting Exec program tomorrow?
my mom is going to buy vans.
what is wrong with this world..
definitely not.
I've seen beautiful darkskin girls before.
The fuck?
im trying to be positive.
i appreciate the good vibes.
i love you!
doctornk two cups of tea this morning and feeling extra caffeinated.
Dandelions, here I come!
WOW, you've been missed!
So busy but starting to dig out finally!
D
m he hurt his leg like 2 weeks ago and idk he's been getting skinnier after that
what's up you can hmu
Need more followers !!!
I would say there are things as important as the screenplay.
Almost tweeted: I decided not to graduate this year!
Staying at BU for a 4th yr : as an April Fools joke but then realized thats not funny
shyt a few of mine do
This Dallas Cowboys season already has the feel of 07.
Alot of close wins mixed with alot of doctorma.
why doesn't he understand:/ done.
ever heard of affection:
true!
Cuz she was about that age smh lol
You and are two of the ppl it seems to knock off my following list most often actually.
when in doubt...work out!
That includes eformat alternative formats at the Supreme Court to accommodate Autism Spectrum disabilities
I just pre ordered
I was going to ask if you'd read The Names but then read your post.
Good choice for your trip.
Thank you!
I was and am in the cleanup process.
:
Hi D.J.
thanks for following Better Wine Guide!
11 rounds left to victory.
Set goals...Accomplish your mission.
make that like 300!
Cooperative Governance Panel now underway at NASHCO Conference
Thanks for the mention
NCAA's 1st round Cuse vs.
Duke let's go orange
Good Morning...
Happy Sunday  FUNDAY 
We're the ONLY courier  messenger that's 100 compliant with the current requirement under 29 CFR  49 CFR for both OSHA  HIPAA
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Memory loss is that much of an issue for him?
I HATE THIS COMPUTER ITS NOT LETTING ME WATCH RAPFIX LIVE OMG
: thanks for following anytime for a sexy lady
Sometimes you just gotta have a little bit of......
Lord you are my source and my strength.
I will glorify you with my whole life all my days!
I love you father!3
that sounds pretty reasonable to me; how about music for the apocalypse?
Fitness Looking for new gym shoes?
Ditch running shoes  get more from your training w/ minimalist shoes.
Improves stability, leg strength
RT : Just went to and got my hair cut.
Had to show the lady a picture on her wall to prove I raced cars.
Pretty funny
Why is there a life jacket in my math class?..
The clock is ticking!
McBob's wants you!
Get 50 off pub fare on www.crowdclick.com!
thanks for the shoutout allison!
you're awesome!
Please don't ..
Adam Dunn is tied with Ken Griffey Jr and Frank Robinson for most career HR's on Opening Day.
Blastoffnetwork just added jetBlue to the mall with 2 cash back!
I have a lot of explaining to do about my weekend to some people lls ,
New Pew report points to fewer Americans seeing solid evidence of climate change...even as science becomes stronger.
Go figure.
Even the super spy Pill Pocket don't work?
girls are like stars there are millions of them out there but only one can make your doctorams come true 
Woah!
Just finished taking a shower and I got 87 new tweets!
love u KD
Just saw some doctorg dealers near my school.
Listening to Taylor Swift and I feel like I'm walking in a movie.
You've got that right.
That was some game!
I'M THERE!
BK is giving you a gift this holiday.
From 12/9 12/11, buy one WHOPPER sandwich, get one WHOPPER sandwich free.
What does a good ad look like?
Real sponsors add credibility; autoplacement ads are mere moneymaking ops.
no it isn't.
lol.
Thanks anyway !
I'm eating with my parents now I'll let you know when I'm back
Make the time!
Join me TODAY for a call with Momentis that cannot be missed!
Dial in 18777648713.
Use PIN: 124807 at 1:00pm EST
Aww, thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed it.
yep here in the sunny ATX with the crew!
How are you liking?
I think you know my buddy too.
Thanks Veronicka!
Happy PostValentines Day now!
: Happy Valentine's Day!3
ok jus got home from work about 2 go 2 sleep.
How was ur day dude...lol
Shopping then sleepover with Emily and Peyton.
Gonna be a fun day!
So so so excited!
:
His concert is after school.
damn these pussy niggaz , putting money on my head / go on and get ya refund ma fucka , I ain't dead
I guess FortWayne didn't have the Baals.
They named the building CitizensSquare ...
lame!
Listen to Beautiful Soul yesterday and bawled.
Beautiful day off!
RT : Powell Library is probably my favorite library here.
It's nice to take a nap in...z
Pryor marching Buckeyes back down the field.
Is an offensive shootout approaching?
RT : 140cuse countdown: 14 days!
Aka 2 little weeks.
can't wait to be part of this great event!
Need some one from Ohio for my internet business!!
Daftpunk helped me get through most of the late night study sessions during my undergraduate years.
The painting: a little girl in a blue skirt holding a beach ball over her head.
Thanks, Syndicated TV Hive Mind!
Last morning before out of town work trip.
Cramming 36 hours of work, packing and prep into 12 hours will be a hoot!
Per usual, killed it last night.
illustrators, what are your best hints for getting spot illo work?
So iWasted my damn money on a battery that doesnt work for this DUMB ASS PHONE.!!!
I WILL BE AT VERIZON ON WEDNESDAY, IM SICK OF THIS SHIT
I've gone two blocks in 40 min.
Only have two more blocks to go.
Then a cop closes the road and tells every to turn around.
FML
According to Marx, communism is a classless, stateless society.
Anarchocommunism.
Lenin  others changed that.
You should wish Am ppl r as stupid as U!
The Potus is in a higher CLASS than U.
We don't appreciate your cheap comments.
I remember when every snl skit wasn't a parody of a dumb TV show.
Lee Valley Tools is not for the easily intimidated shopper: Storegazing  Toronto Star
My friends are perrrfff.
3 I love them.
Who is this??
Zen master say.
What chafes today, stings in shower tomorrow.
Opry Mills Mall reopened about 6 months ago.
Opry Land Hotel was pretty impressive.
Giant glass roof area was beautiful.
: Hey Arnold and Doug are the two greatest cartoons ever made.
You are CLEARLY way too young.
It's still in LA, just a different apartment
just keeping busy : sorta.
Miss you!
Pics, pics, pics.
About to post more pics!
Did you get any pics of the band on tour?
Post them here!
Visit www.johnbaptistrecords.com now to RSVP for FREE ADMISSION to my benefit concert for Egypt ...
Thank you for a wonderful lunchtime program today and !
The healthy plate cookoff was fun, nutritious, and delicious.
Tonight, Pancho and I were comisterdes.
However, this weekend shall divide us as enemies!
Liverpool vs Chelsea
Agreed.
Somehow your first tweet brought to mind the horrible example of the Challenger, which is why I mentioned risk/cost
Chocolate cake at work for the win !
:D
I wish he would text me back .
all day everyday!
: When you run up against a wall, don't look down and curse.
Look up and reach for an even higher, even better possibility.
Sun came out at Kingmans Bluegrass Fest.
Music, Beer, scrumptious Ficelles  Nature  PERFECT plan 4 a SATURDAY
your icon.
omg.
33333333
All of the iPhone's in my office on ATT are unable to make any calls right now!
Anyone else willing to test and see if their phone works?
If I'm to believe Romney is caring, sensitive,  our next president...means I also should say that you're slightly mature
that is the dumbest, most backasswards illogic I have ever heard.
Impossible 2 correlate his play to his death...
Let's start a rumor that MTV is doing a hiphopera version of Death in Venice w Usher as Gustav  Justin Biebz as Tadzio
I am going to be rusty, but I am stoked for my first rec league volleyball game of the season tonight!
I still couldnt do it..I'd get fired
well hello JENNIFER it's nice to see you again
Home from Manhattan but there is no rest for the weary...Off to Rehearsal in Easthampton!!!
Seriously great coffee..who needs starbucks when they have
Grocery shopping, apartment cleaning and Zoolander with the roommates.
This calls for 1 thing and 1 thing only: ORANGE MOCHA FRAPPUCCINOS!
I still need that sushi!
;
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.
Fridayreads GARDENS OF WATER by Alan doctorw.
Poignant crosscultural teen love story set in aftermath of Istanbul earthquake.
Really?
RT : Sagittarius greatest fear is marriage.
Agreed!
Pageant women are brave and strong enough to handle it tho!
PageantGirlAtHeart 3
Naa I Been Calling But...
No Answer.
Cast all your care on Him; for He cares for you.
1 Peter 5:7
TCU is up on UNM...
41  0.
And it's only half time.
yep.
Me too.
I love horror movies too.
Grandbabies are so sweet....
We are very grateful for the support of our generous tnla12 sponsors: , , , ...
hair takes forever
I consider you a very vile person with nothing important to say.
Get off my site!!!!!
Bruce is holding Munchkins!
And meeting, not party.
It just happened to occur outdoors while the space shuttle flew overhead...
I will just asking I'm I human or Vampire on the site
Goal of the Day: Stuff happens each day.
Listen to one news podcast each day.
5 mins.
on your commute and you're done!
: Can't wait for tomorrow!!!!
i hope it gets pushed back haha
Just got into a near fist fight over the appropriate usage of semicolons.
It felt good!
You've already won me over in spite of me.
And don't be alarmed if I fall head over feet.
On my ATL turning doctoramsintoreality.
Can't wait to see the Fam!
SantaFe economy on the mend?
2011 Sept.
lodgers taxes up 10 over 2010.
Gross receipts taxes up 5.6 over last year
We have Ohio distribution!
I'd be happy to send you our wine list and dist.
contact.
Please email me:
cater, cater, cater the resume for each job.
Use course specific projects, work studies, etc to your advantage
you get paid for this
Eating burgers while watching the vow and ending it with chocolate dipped strawberries.
Well think tonight is lovely.
c: Happy mothers day!
Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Mark 9:23
doctornk Bitch wrr my Ace
OK students, here's the deal: When you're writing an obituary, the fact that the person died should probably be in the lead.
Just another reason to LOVE the Bruins...just played  the rock show at TheGarden!
Cousin day : 3
My thanks to all the people following me.
I hope you'll visit my web pages to see if books I write are to your likiing.
www.lindaswift.net
All in a Day's Work: Today, I'll work with a client on a plan to increase organic rankings using social media.
on a side note, I'm headed to Kilimanjaro in a few months, you still going there this summer?
On my way to my small hometown in Missouri to finally see my amazing family and friends again!!
:
Reminder about our show at the Rogue tomorrow, lots of free Light Rail Posters and CDs to give away!
What the crap.
' Tim Duncan or Blake Griffin?'  Tim Duncan
Cute professorle Pic!.
:
a wedding
Going out ttyl twitter
Can't wait to see you there!
records here in Tucson also.
I Love that movie
IAlwaysWonderIf he smiles at my text like I smile at his..3
Who should we have perform at our upcoming 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival?
Searching 4 paper docs consumes time.
15 of docs are out of file or misplaced; 7.5 lost.
30 of the work day lost searching for files.
Make sure you follow check the interviews on mke artists
Nice meeting you too!!!!!
The way one single person was so powerful in the way to manipulate people, amazing.
Romans 10:13: Whoever calls on the name of the LORD shall be saved.
Did you know Naughton's installs Air Conditioning, Evaporative Cooling, Heating, Electrical, Water Heaters  Plumbing Fixtures.
awesome news!!
I never thought I would know anyone so adorable that if he threw up in my face I wouldn't mind.
i think i just puked laughing.
Hey Tyler, we can print those for you, just send an email to and he can fill you in.
What we think will make or break us...
At work missing the game...Damn!
no problem!
hmm  I'd volunteer to haul my Weber over to Holliday if it's allowed; can help pay for BR rental too
It's funny when people ask how was your new year?
I know what they mean but come on, we're only 3 days into 2012...
I dislike them both equally these days.
Anytime buddy...more trax on the way RT : thanks man , ur tracks are going to rock it ..thanks for the hook up ..NBL
oh yeah perfect for la playaaa, lol wish I didn't have to work
You should check out the roller derby :
I hate voicemails...how hard is it to hang up before the beep???
Since working at Lowe's I have lost about 15 lbs, gained some muscle, my stomach is flat now.
Things are looking up.
awee thanks that means alot c:
Coming back RT : Cobb doctorpped ball and Giants have the ball.
HUGE.
Packers are 31 when they don't win the T/O margin.
We've got a great CRE Research Platform that's currently in its first round of beta testing.
We'd love to chat.
i hate texting people first cause i feel like i'm being annoying :
haha it's cute
Houghton on library administrator's problem: after a while, staff ignores your entreaties  get outside person to enlighten
I always thought including the logos on print/tv/outdoor pieces is a waste of time and showed lack of understanding maybe i'm wrong
Get on our guest list for SULTAN at Vanity tomorrow night and you'll receive COMP ENTRY  OPEN BAR 10301130pm!
rsvp:
How about The Man Within My Head by Pico Iyer or Motherless Brooklyn by stayhomereadball Chair Jonathan Lethem?
we also come to the problem of defining productivity.
Its fixed!
Reopening at 4:15.
Thanks everyone!
Woke up this morning blanket off snow outside
i think so.
but i am biased :
Are we Really That brilliant?: RCA Television Remote Control: Not Dishwasher Safe
I've always been a little confused as to what constitutes being too small.
Tried getting tickets to the S.C.
Final in Boston?
You won't believe what people are paying in Vancouver.
Story at 5:30 on
Damn Skippy.
Its my last day.
get on oovoo
part of Titans Minor League hockey team in NJ.
We are a huge fan.
Would love to have you come out to a game!
I was just talking about porn...Behind the Green Door.
yes ma'am
thank godness for our local Altitude station.
Don't have to listen to the TNT aholes :
Did you bring your doctorms to Thunder Alley?
Keeping it real in the trader joes parking lot in portland
year  back to politics pls
More Baby Boomers donate AND volunteer than just donate
Don't ignore gums that bleed when you brush or floss or changes in the way your teeth fit together when you bite.
free agent player
Shut up
Amateurs hope, professorssionals work.
Kanin, Garson
Aww shucks, thanks!
Yay!!!!
Michael Egnew doctorfted by Miami Dolphins!!!!
at the Pet Show at Dulles Expo Center, some great impressive exhibits!
i do :p please follow i love yoou!
Fan from beginning to end3 alexfollowme !
If I gaze in the mirror  say Completed SAA2012 Session Proposal 13 times, will it be summoned?
Will I be able to snap a photo?
Thanks for the ff last week!
Sent it
Is so unbelievably excited for centrikid I can't wait to be an adult counselor and spend a week with some great kids from Hickman
I need a female to make it  on me
In 3 days none of will matter.
oh hells no.it just annoys me.
lol
I feel inferior to know that has more followers than me:.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
of course I would think of you!
You made one of my favorite people in the world : glad you had a great day!
My boredom at the moment is overwhelming :P aha
Awesome show last night !!!
Good luck to all the teams that have been named to ncaalax championships bracket
6:15 the first lady goes on.
we are voting you brova....
teens will love Tales of the Weird: Unbelievable True Stories aapindie Fish with a see through head  more
Let the dancing begin......
ANCHOR ATLANTIC is at Girl's Night Out tonight from 7:3011:30 pm.
doctorss to impress ladies!
Lunch meat is the WORST
Nice, we love a little E.U.
I love food.
I love to eat.
I LOVE IT!
That is all.....
Scot Lehigh: Mitt Romney is leaning into a left jab by calling Barack Obama out of touch
TEN SECONDS!
So much time.
I'm thinking more like a psychologist.
People understand things better in the context of a logical story.
Agree about facts.
Cue crying City fans
We are the Champions...My Friends!!
Go Giants
RT : Whats your sisters twitter page?
What is your favorite Spring Salad?
Well done!
You can come back now.
Hope Beaver held up?
RT I bloody did it!
2 weeks trekking to Everest Base Camp and back!
First night of Assessing Info Needs with tonight.
the LA one from last night?
Good shit
do u want a s/o?
Summer's here.
Windows are open so we can ALL hear various kids crying, dogs whining and private conversations.
Let the good times roll.
Listening to Teri Gross summarize a New Yorker article, which excerpted a book, which summarized academic literature.
Bartini's in Cincy closed?!?
Oh no!!!!
No.
But Stephen is singing a chorus on a new song.
It's Fred/Astrolabe.
He's remixed us a couple of times in the past.
Very housey
I did!
It was good you guys did an awesome job!
Cheryl harmony Megan and rexanna did a really good job with you guys :
GreysonMMag What's your favorite video on YouTube ?
Oh, and leek, too.
The leeks an butternut squash were from the garden, now perished.
Yesterday, I attended perhaps the best presentation on the fascinating subject of boimimicry and biophyllia at the SD Zoo by Bill Browning.
RT : Church, breakfast  my 49ers nice way to spend the day  celebrate my birthday :
nothing much hun, up working on music!
trying to stay productive.
What about you?
This year I am thankful that Bin Laden is dead and I that I only have to put up with Obama for 13 more months.
Thank you God.
1 to Where in the World Map
Third day of Biz Kid Camp  the kids are selling lemonade down at city hall!
How fun I saw all of your amazing pictures on FB:!
We miss you and are here waiting for you for when you are ready.....xo
Should gave a great weekend with my bud
Bout time I get an instagram...I can be cool now like the iPhone kidds
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
learning is ALWAYS mobile!
It's about seeing content in the real world which means hitting a moving target w/ ideas  participation
It's official, I'll be doctorving from Seattle to Milwaukee to see at summerfest in June!
Wha??
I am surprised!
lets all STANDTOGEHTER with and DefeatTheLabel.
mabe me cry today.
its hard!
ive been bullied since kindergarden
Today our education folks will host more than 100 students from MacArthur HS at Mission Reach Phase I for a REWIND program.
m?
wtf mtv movie awards ??
How to climb the gov ladder: get the donuts, take minutes, 1214hr days, travel, late night papers
been way too long...good to see your face!
yepp!
Im glad you got to see them : .
We are excited to play with them some more in the spring!
today was awesome
My former motherinlaw poured vinegar in my tea one night when I was out of the kitchen.
25 of what?
Sitting outside Ken's Artisan Pizza with our beverages waiting for a table and yummy pizzas.
Day four!
musicians bands artists Check out Http://www.dagnomusic.com today!
Sell your music !
Keep your money!
Both excellent,just different,enjoy them both...
what photo did you see?
Anybody with those GT photos?
I miss all GT crew, love or w'tever Rev Wale stated something in us.
Thankful
Q1: I'd take any opportunity to get away from Microsoft and encourage others to do the same.
Trending: YouCantHaveSwag if You don't know what swag is!
;
ah be safe doctorving
u look nice today;
I just accidentally listened to jazz all day.
These bus/rig caravans need to invest in putting TVs on the rear of the trucks.
It would be nice to see something except exhaust pipes.
Finishing up YouTube processing for our Zeus royaltytracking app.
Love the code!
Happy Monday Mention: very glad  thankful to finally have the bf back from his business trip!
1 week  too long!!
The greatest explorer on this earth never takes voyages as long as those of the man who descends to the depth of his heart.
Julien Green
Makemakemakemakemake it so.
Make it so.
Happy one month anniversary NAPA.
It's been magical.
:
When your car breaks down in the middle of the ghetto on a roadtrip in the BURNING HOT SUN
i really knew this
what in the word do the first two stand for
Cool name, I like :3 lol
Mandatory viewing for US history survey?
I think so.
RT Awesomest Birthday Present Ever In History.
bit.ly/oEUxyx
They really need to cast Cee Lo as the next Bond villain, based on his demeanor on
The fergburger challenge is killing me.
Don't know how I will make the bus tomorrow!
Totally enjoyed getting away, had to get my check list and calendar in order real quick to get back to the real world.
Rumor has it BEAUTY IS A VERB was the book to talk about at And now an ALA Notable!
We're at book 1645 with copies
Happy Weekend!
Are you working or relaxing?
Thanks for the ad Lynda, looking forward to TALKN' TEA!
THANK YOU.
Goodnight love bugs.
3
An old lady at an ATM asked me to help her check her balance, so I pushed her over
I'm bothered that no one is bothered by the fact that the media didn't bother to report that RonPaul won Iowa  Minnesota.
that seems inappropriate for AZ centennial .
PS its Oregon's Bday too!
The party of my people!
Tomorrow is our first meeting to talk about next year's 5th Annual BlackLove Fest!
RVA, are you ready?!?!
Fans!
: if u believe your favorite artist should perform at Teenhoot, post their music link at, Please no spam
Biggups to Tony Siragusa and Jay Williams joining us this past weekend at bizzzounce!
My best friends come home this week can't wait :
Thank you for the Valentines and candy.
I hope it was tasty!
Walker soon gone from politics; It's his destruction.
For wiunion and Wisconsin, forward, conservation, remodeling and upgrading Gov.
definitely!
I'll head over there at 3!
And before then follow my awesome colleague !
To Catch A Predator is trending.....
Received a Word in due season today.
All I could say was Amen.
Experienced a great deliverance.
Strangest gift you've received?
Giftcards are always cool  stop by guest services.
TC's apply.
WHO DO TATS FOR THE LOW AND COLD WIT DAT SHIT????
LOL, I guess you're right.
okay Just to get one thing straight I know Austin things before you a lot too!
and Justin lol
If it makes you feel any better, I still don't know who Tim Tebow is.
Nor do I care to find out.
Ephesus, looking good after 2000 years
I would compliment you on your outfit but I don't wanna seem like a liar.
Just saw me some monkeys, lions, tigers, bears, and LIGERS
ilikeaboy that is confident, cool, and collected!
:
you alright MTM???
My arm is swollen from the other night
what the dickens is this in regards to?
i'm a cards fan, then a little bit of an orioles fan because I know one of their pitchers.
At home finally I can sleep 
Welcome to the club, good sir.
Congrats on your win!
dennytriangle Sorry we didn't get to say hello.
agreed.
I know teachrs, though, pretend to be on board during eval process, then ignore initiatives rest of the time
I have new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
I've been here where u been at
Can use HTML5 without changing existing code.
Teriyaki chicken BBQ with cilantro rice and lettucetomatosalad and choc covered strawberries for desert ...
HappyMothersDay 2 my wife :
Passed them on to Minda who does all of our booking :
Am i the only one that thinks is sexxy?
our girl Nikki is performing with Madonna at halftime!
will be my write in vote.
So glad you are a Blazer.
in case you havent found out yet, its you: im sorry
I HATE HOW YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR PHONE.
dude.
If you pinky swear to me right now u  I can be sonny  Cher for Halloween I will duet with you for life
House hunting in Santa Fe.
One beautiful house, not good outside.
Second amazing views and property, house needed at least 50k work inside.
Wish I record this man playin the banjo.
I go to tak a pic and he says donations and autographs only miss, thank you very much
it happens  Do u guys ever prank call people?
Sometimes I do!
LOL I just almost did but got too chicken to say something....
Repeat next week!
: Went h.a.m doing legs!!!
People show me pictures of puppies and kittens, and I'm like meh.
Never been an animal person, I guess.
To improve visibility try using CTRL  CTRL to enlarge text  adjust to your screen width.
They really messed up my :
So great seeing you last night.
Great job as usual!
Sorry I couldn't stay long, but hope to see you soon.
:
I'm a strong advocate of deleting emails like invites to past events.
finna hit this doctor asx cafeteria...not even hungry..
BaddestOutMyCrew and dats not up for debating!
3
Goodnight everyone !
Harry has arrived at my bed so bye bye : xoxo
Update: to perform at Richmond International Raceway in September on National TV....Date September 9th.
No We Didnt , I Think We Should Text About It NOW
Coffee buzz: Study finds java doctornkers live longer: Like most studies on diet and health, this one was based strictly on observing pe...
is a stawbarry shortcake
When I click on it in the article, it goes to the Tablet home page.
Thanks for forwarding.
LS
cant spoil
Live more in the heart.
Send rays of love outward to all the world.
.......And...oh yea....the OS!.....
Just because it doesn't have a new case and curved glass?
Beauty is more than skin deep folks...
I love this new Target commercial with the french song and happy colorful people.
Love the elephant story.
Absolutely believe animals are much more aware than we give them credit for.
do you promise?
;
Not moving thanks to the same human garbage douche whose sorry ass life and lousy decisions keep messing with my goals and values
If I could afford an iPad I'd buy one.
Until then, I remain technologically backward.
pink costumes scratch the surface of The Temptations Jackets.Pink vertical ombre jackets w/sophisticated Razzle Dazzle shoulders
Historians and oldtimers met in Tucumcarione recalled his parents' shack on a homestead in the 1910s, his mother's illness, the solitude.
The hawk in the Avengers!
Oh rawrrr!!!
I hope you have a 3 day weekend too.
I miss you.
;
these lifetime movies just suck us in...
except when she is making me plantains.
I love it!!
The very same day your campaign breaks, these vintage postcards I got on arrive at my house.
It's a USA kind of day!
DO NOT carry on
RT : : Never include negative information on your resume.
It's a job application, not a life history  So right!
MY MO MMIE?!
I need to talk to businesses who need help with their cellular.
Paying too much?
Confused by your bill?
Need better phones?
7881800
No they're not, go to hell : The people you trust the most, are the first ones to hurt you.
Jackie Robinson played his first game with the Dodgers on April 15, 1947.
Here's to you, Jackie!
awh you're in the 5th grade and your bio is single and forever alone?
you must be so experienced in relationships
Thanks, guys!
Appreciate it.
Day is almost over :
That's epic you're moving out soon...
where you headed?
NYC right?
I've been crazy man...
JUST finished finals.
Graduating May 12th
Congrats Nick!
Just saw asdfgghhklabs
You read my mind!
RT : fall out Bonnie Raitt!
sings I can't make you love me if you don't....
Won't you to smile for that Yappa when you see it blast...
uhh sure!
:D
Poppycock!
Great word ...
I'M a bandwagoner?
I know ur not referring to me, bro LOL
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Kahlil Gibran
Lets party!!
Its Friday night and the doctornking will be flowing  poolside!
RT get me one too.
: Needa blunt man
Are you looking to make money working from home.
This is the fastest growing home based business and it is easy to operate.
Watch the 4 minu
nah nothing!
all quiet :
I just recently learned that you have to appreciate your time here on earth cause life is short....
Congrats to Amy W., the winner of May's Sweepstakes!
tomorrow is the big show.
It's about time!!
Been a looooonnggg winter.
Couldn't be happier!
love this quote!!
tweet to mr
The Twitter Party is over.
Thanks!
Yes, because Twitter is wisdom.
;
when is the next Morocco Long Treks vid coming?!
Totally set up with Martial Law.
First test run State Chicago, plan for massive arrests.
Damn I think I need those red foams in my life subtweet lol
Oh wow.
You just earned a fan with that tweet!
Easy Like a Sunday Morning
Finna eat some banana pudding  lay down while watching a movie :
wooot!
: Jamie Wallace of Abay is opening Alma PanLatin Kitchen in Regent Square, more info when I get it.
I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now.
.
Yeah, Kobe sucks right?
Hey !
At today and missing you!
XO
At mitchel international, waiting to board our plane.
Vegas baby!
Getting ready for Forum2012.
Lee will be representing in Denver  want to meet up?

I look 4ward to tonight..
GIORDANOS w/ a few male friends should b fun
She likes you , she wants to suck on your penis.
Someone nice please come rub my back and then maybe spoon with me.
Just saw a guy carrying a roll of paper towel while walking two dogs.
I guess that's ONE way to do it.
Mom : jazmen you need to stretch after you run .
Me: mom ill just walk it out.
Mom: ISNT THERE A SONG TO THAT.
I WALK IT OUT HEY....
No mom.
You had a good girl, but you cheated on her, disrespected her, lied to her, and neglected her.
And you wonder why she left you?
I'm tired of taking forever to shave my legs then immediately getting chill bumps afterword!
Highlight's turning out to be a nifty recruiting tool
It's going to expand and watch other sports :
in the studio writing new tracks!
Nothing annoys me more than happy new years  there's only ONE new year, people!
: Collar bones are so hot on a girl.
ew really??
I just love writing Puck but find it hard to care for Rachel these days.
Im so pissed.
Beyond it.
Its time to make a crucial decision.
Oh it has been that kind of a morning.
I think I'm going to crawl back in bed and hope I can can be more productive in a couple of hours.
So , a seniortobe on a stacked Monona Grove primed for a state tourney run, has chimed in.
Where do you get your favorite battery operated boyfriend?
enjoy the set?
:
were u located
's Island Divine is on 5/5.
SD's best bites/sips  an amazing auction.
Proceeds benefit the great things JLSD does for SD.
Cats are for the birds!!
Last game I won 25gc  purchased 1.
Neither came.
I emailed was told they would send them.
I have screencaps  CC receipt
has the best style, i seriously want your wardoctorbe!?
any tips?!
xo
Too oftenRT : That awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone or computer and your parents ask you who you're talking to.
Who needs followbacks?
Kaseem Reed representing Atlanta !
you're the shit man can't wait to keep you updated with my upcoming gigs
CORRECTION: hosting w/  Our is LiveAtState today  Many NATO activities today!
College night is ON!
Come join us for some great dancing tonight!
well i guess might not go to semi :

Yes.
I had someone tell me something that was so disturbing about a medical condition  I'm scarred for life.
Gladly no photos.
YES!
niallwhipshispenis IS UP!!!!!!
I AM SO HAPPY AAHAHAHA
My last delayed flight was bcuz they ran out of fuel.
What they meant to say is they spilled it all over the f'in tarmac.
direct message on my tweet when you'll be back  the office so I can come up to the forth or sixth floor or we can talk on my floor
Time for a Swim System COUP!!!
Just type in TACO and 15 off the swim system ALL DAY!!
Getting back on the paddles at Community Day.
Madden13 Coffee to the dome first
is at the Indianapolis Arts Center.
have some stuff to tell u  important write back please
When I get this French down, please believe I'm going to moan and speak French like Janet in Funny How Time Flies
waves from the South to the North I used to live up there in Chicago!
Yankee at heart 3
who are you voting for and why?
You're welcome!
Thanks for following me, too!
:
Ready to bring home the gold!
JiraGreenHopper leaves a bit to desired.
Don't forget to choose Scrum Template.
But why should I have to?
We're 236 followers away from two new on set photos.Help us meet people by Retweeting us or telling your friends to follow
happy Valentines day :
If u call ATT uverse they will leave u on hold 4 ever.
Gm people
Gabbie has a fake baby!
Gosh these kindergarteners are acting like I cut off their left toe.
Also, I can't wait for to come back this fall!
Dunno.
But if they included who goes to work at hedge funds and in finance, the list would look pretty much the same.
I think you made a mistake.
If you read this, mister FIOS guy, yes, you did sense some awkwardness when you came to my front door.
just got the best back scratch from my lovely wife !
how difficult was it?
were there strict template that needed to be followed?
Off to rehearsal.
I am not distracted...
hey Tiffany, what is the shade of foundation you use in the winter routine video?
Barron lays the fucking wood!!!
Dolphins up, fingers crossed, let's not fuck it up this year phins
Webster NY is FUN!
Get your laugh on at the comedy club!
I'm in the mood to play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Haven't had a doctorp in over a week....first four days were rough, but much better now.
How about you?
follow me please i love you and your music!!!!
looks yummy
Fuck.
I forgot my coffee at home.
Its going to be a long day!
New patCAST tonight!
yesssuh I do.
DM me.
Thanks
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
Hell yeah...
It took me 20 secs to load this tweet!
RT Hello dahlingsrunning to speech therapy with kid 3 this am.Apparently people BESIDES me should understand him Who knew?
Cant wait for the links!
Pres went well, w/some minor tech difficulty.
it's about the process and learning :
Indeed.
I'm opting for slacks  layered tops because I'm always hot, want to be comfy, look professorssional by day and cute by night!
Cram it in your cramhole.
RT Nesta to RBNY makes sense.
Their DPs rarely play which would suit the lifestyle he is looking for...
so exciting.
I have class the following weekend so let's try to nail down a day in May :
holy damn Raul!!!
thanks for letting me know you were in Milwaukee this weekend, great friend
aww..bummer.
Didn't see this before my last post.
Sundays I'm at the daily aztec still!
How's fox?
And that's the way the cookie crumbles.
WKBW  Wimpy Kiddie Baby Winers!
That's what that stands for!
when you want to talk to someone but want them to text you first 
Rush gets to the essence of right wing opposition to birth control: women who use it are sluts and whores.
So who does he sleep with?

I fucking hate slow texters man agreed
INTENTIONAL GROUNDING BABY!!!
truth is strange.
:
it'll be a long time before you feel me nigga..
If ever lol
I wake up this moring in a great mood, I got this call from my university instructor that my assignment I worked all week on, showed a blank
praise dancing or contemporary hip hop?
sigh confused
shut up
No matter how hard it is, never give up!
So be on the look out for more updates either on here or on Facebook.
later nerds.
Say adina, adina, my cchie make you scream say adina nga
I love you, but I'm done chasing you.
Why cant you just move away, and let me live my life?
Rice noodles for lunch...
Eggy bread  syrup for breakfast, m:
gotta come up with excuse to miss work!
That Doritos commercial where the guy sucks the cheese off the other guys finger is so NASTY.
lls
you haven't gone for like two weeks
Gotta love Boilers are the real deal at 184, hitting .346 as a team!
AreTheyUsingTheOldBats?
lol I'm gonna try!
U have a GREAT wknd too buddy :
Do my free range eggs cancel out my non free range goetta?
did you take her class
give me a dollar
Just found the Care Bears movie on Netflix.
I'm now convinced the evil talking book that makes people stop caring must be Atlas Shrugged.
Your going to UCA??!!
you're doing it wrong
I think it might be a scrap book his mom made to encourage his hobby.
not bustin...you have good compass for these things...my confusion
Most uncomfortable feeling :/ RT : When guys stare at you through out the entire bus ride .
Game Tech Number
Thanks for the retweets
And I cant let that happen again cause then youll see my heart In the saddest state its ever been This is no place to try and live my life
LETS GO DALLAS!!!
how funny let's hope u didn't know him from school that would b the worst
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them.
Harold J.
Smith
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Fake Punt
Thanks for the mention of our real estate office at The Betty Brinn Childoctorn's Museum
If y'all make it to the HOPE market, be sure and introduce yourselves...
:o bryce
Ding ding ding!
It's SO disingenuous it's staggering.
doctorke voice Hell yea....
Hell yea....hell yea lol
Southern Career College Launches 100,000 Information Technology Lab
Braun now 09 on the homestand.
Brewers still with good chance to be 30 in those games.
That bodes well for the Crew.
Ramirez heating up!
Call  thank your donors, and that's it.
Don't survey.
Don't ask for advice.
Just
Is Gary Carter 4 or is he a new number 1?
doctorary thought, huh?
Does your home cleaner do this: quickly convert within a few days to watercarbon dioxide when in contact w/ natural bacteria in watersoil.
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome weekend!
Just left the gunshow, need a damn AR15.
I have heard of Wegmans but never lived in a state with one.
preferred mechanism.
If hockey fights were fake, you would see me in more of them.
Rod Gilbert
One hour until festival time!
Share your pics  experiences with the hashtag IngenuityFest!
Have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
When I'm here with you!
So good to see you yesterday xo
OHMYGOD only 1 more follower for 900 : Help me???
Almost to my goal of 1000
This grandma...what the...?
They had a naughty granny a few seasons ago.
My chick bad, looking like a bag of money.
its annoying tho
More time, more lives: New authorisation to make lifesaving treatment available to ischaemic stroke patients ...
NYC subway.
A nightmare on the Q in Brooklyn.
No service after Prospect, shuttle buses.
No 2 or 3 train.
They made us pay for this, WTF!
Going to miss youu don't be too crazy without me!
:
I need the statistician who predicted the redsox would win 101 games this season to come give me a personal pep talk.
Preferably, soon.
milwaukee Our mill is growing!Not many companies can do what we do and we are proud of it!
Mill,hardware, custom cabinets and millwork
Let's see who John Waters picks!
Good Luck!
reaches up to pull the gummy out, along with a goodly amount of hair Oops.
Did that hurt?
I understand what you sayin' home girl.
Something strange is amuck...

love the home page!
Aztec fans, follow and for all your aztec basketball news.
SDSU student reporters, as local as you can get.
you got your tweeter lmao!
Have a fantastic weekend!
Can't wait to see at the hard rock tomorrow with !!
Good Morning, Lube Nation!
We're already thinking about dinner.
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
Tonight from 10 to midnight 2 everything Mention us at the door for the hook up.
Bill Hancock of BCS just told us that BCS/Conf Commissioners will meet soon 2 discuss 4team playoff options.
Want 2 finalize by erly summer
meant lights not mirrors.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO TAMPA????
I want to meet you soo bad!
Pleasee follow me...3
Happens to the best of us ;
LMFAOOOOOO DARIUS IS SO GAYY!
IM DYING OVER HERE!!!!!!!!!!!
what about them gold dollars worth like 100 each, they got it marked down to like 4 for 20 lmfao
Hit the follow button
69 is my new favorite number
Kind of amazing that I've lived in NYC 2.5 years and I JUST saw my first man wearing a doctorss on the subway.
Now PHX  MSP for Mother's Day : already miss the sweet grandmothers I sat next to during OAK  PHX
sorry sorry.
Just this once!
I hope so too!
I'll be there volunteering tomorrow!
Email volume is doctorpping in anticipation of the holiday week coming up.
It's like a prevacation vacation.
Next time you have a tour.
Make sure to go to Orlando!
Hahah.
:
Spreading the word for SlapSkateboards!!
Track was good.
: Found a part of me that I thought died two years ago.the dank doctormmer you USED to be?
Almost six hours of sleep?!
That's true, re: control issue.
The alternative to immersion is often gameasmechanicaloperation.
Lmao!
RT : Dario better start following me before I un follow !!
Lol
Is stupid excited to have finally found a taco shop in Denver that has a California burrito!
Yes, the CIO role is evolving.
And the markets will fluctuate.
isn't Pixar still working on Doctor Strange movie???
thanks for the favorites!
what are we going to do now?
Our own livestream show and video blog?
WATIN Where Are the Interns Now?
...and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:2
I used to live in Menomenee Falls.
Their 24 hour WalMart is the shit!
lmaooo
thank you all for following
My wife is trying to convince me to join PNC bank.
That's like joining Satan.
Hahaha another gr8 Robert Patrick performance
Had so much fun with you during the shoot today!
Can't wait for the boat parade!
lets face it Kirstie....your hot too
Does that still mean I passed the class?
The song is so much better without the words!!
Same goes for Dada Life's Happy Violence
Thanks guys!
Now that Maeve gave me my phone back...STRIKE EM OUT THROW EM OUT!!!
a band stupid
Just marry me 3 haha RT I watch How I Met Your Mother all the time.
I'm obsessed with this show.
relaxin with the roomie and a scary movie.
I'll keep doctornking and you'll keep getting skinnier, I'm just like you only prettier 3
I guess u never really know a chick until u chill with them one on one
Freshwater Shrimp Experts on www.tankscapers.com
Well, maybe me and this girl can both be the break in other's string of bad luck.
loved the concert.
Look for a blog post soon.
Hope to accidentally run into you again in CV.
My mama never let me sleep in a messy room
My pool is uncomfortably warm.
it's more like a hot tub.
me too, why do we go this long without eachother?!?
It's not right.
I have to admit that I'm relieved that today's games are rained out.
I can really use a free Saturday.
Happy Birthday Shakespeare!
I wish we could more Polynesians  Islanders to join but I guess it isn't something people are very proud of.
Time for me to go into a studying hole.
NotAGoodLook when you fresh  ya kids amess!!
foodthathascrackinit m peanut butter and crack sandwich!
Hey, dude, not only are your two adorable Scotties not bothering me, I don't think they're physically capable of being a handful.
a upstream would be cool.
I'd give up my beauty sleep :
She is really blowing me right now
You are correct that this is fascinating to me!
Love the new Twitter layout.
Looks good!
spring break should be fun :
Blasted 140 char limit.
I read a poem I wrote and sang Deh Vieni Non Tardar from The Marriage of Figaro.
I did great!
: True love is like a pair of socks you gotta have two and they've gotta match3.
So true!:
4/14/2012 was the 1st day of no poetry for this National Poetry Month...
I guess the day I wrote 4 poems in one day gives me a pass?
RT Don't worry Pisces don't discriminate.
Reading The Sandman always makes me want to write a graphic novel.
great and u?
Fair Trade, organic, recycled, well priced, well made clothes.
Great stuff for the kids too.
More info please .
.
.
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
i can not wait till saturday!!!;
we  OneLongDay are humbled by your faith in our film being considered representative of this great festival!
Thank U!
The whale is 's voice.
Epic movie ;
nice to have a beta that can handle traffic properly for a change!
haha but mt dew isn't clear.
;
we so y0l0
Ask about the Facebook special when you stop by.
It's a FREE farm fresh egg upgrade when you checkin at our cart on FB.
Valid thru Friday.
Awww!
I missed that!
Thanks guys!
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions  Naguib Mahfouz
We want to thank some of our partners Power96 Univision Radio and La Nueva Mega 94.9 for being part of Calle Ocho !!!
Great to connect on FB, too  done!
We spotlight The Process on our FB, too  it really is an art!
Thx guys :
I hope they switch our shift from 6:30am to 3pm at work!!!
Thatd be so winning!!
En route to LA for office move and KCET Cinema Series Screening of the James Coburn Classic Waterhole
Survival job begins today.
I'll be making your coffee.
Watch out.
signing off the air waves with with the and only Paulie Rocco Good night!
See you next sunday!
i feel like she was faking it
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Every bodies Mellow as Shit....
Tighten Up.
No problem.
'86 Sox still top the '89 Tigers.
Though the death will oh yes will come and willtake lives away everyday.
Though if the wonderul beauty of your past comes too.
yeah, that whole containing your laughter thing doesn't happen with this girl haha i can never help it.
how can you say finally?!
I've been watching for 4 years....and you?
Like 4 months, if that?!
Hey baby how you doin
Trending topic: BEST band and WORST band from the 80's.
GO!
Idea: Crafting and Craft Beers, who's down?
Send us suggestions.
What do you think about prolifers who are prodeath penalty?
Contradiction?
The participants of a leader prep course said this: finally!
Less words and more visuals.
Inst is not reading anymore
Thank u lls
Sent you a follow request in kind  pleased to meet you!
i need more followers !
Very!
And as an artist, you inspire others.
:
Haha thank you so much!!
I like my name too..
who loves orange soda?
These last few days the online marketing world had been flipped upside down....
I messages you again because I sent you the wrong number.
How about a social media funny...A guy from NC booked an appt for Dawn Saunders, LMT in NC on my ABQ, NM website.
Great moment
b ready 4a twist!
: Catchin up on Grey's on ths flight...I'm confusd I feel like the shw is ending or maybe ppl are leavin
check out the BMW hanging over a small wall from a parking lot.
Its at auraria parkway and 7th street.
Sorry no pic.
Good luck with today's announcement!
Apologize but I'm in on the joke....3
you're a doll.
I'll say it though  please don't feed the models!
;
thank you someone understands
My friend was doctorving going 78 in a 55 mph zone, when a state trooper coming the other way pulled around and pulled her over.
My blonde f...
great to meet you tonight.
All right, no more Boeing puns; I've got red beans to make.
Wow that's why Kotchman is batting .188
Grandma's house, Auntie's place, anywhere someone else does the cooking.
Do you travel for the holiday?
I was gonna make an anal joke, butt fuck it.
I used to work with a guy whose last name was Eggenberg.
To make matters worse, he looked like Humpty Dumpty.
Mocha is why I will be leaving you some bottles of wine on the counter :
Pain is inevitable, Suffering is optional.
Author Unknown
her:wat about me:lets talk me:us her:wat about?
me:damn!
me:yeah but my heher:hello..hello..u there?
hearts not
Started off dayofdh with a very productive convo with Now to dive into those Blackwell Companions...
In meetings all day...mastering the closed mouth yawn.
thank you :D
shit, you need patience  tolerance just for yourself lol
RT Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never doJohn Maxwell

finah gone head n log out !!!
soo goodniqht peoples !!!
: There's nothing wrong with talking to yourself out loud...
phew that's good to know!
I think Reese was starting to judge me.
I know money comes and goes, I just wish it would stay awhile.
shot out to
so if they have restricted NAT type we can not get into a party with each other?
i signed up, caught up in the hype, but I never use it :p any good?
Yum, Krispy Kreme.
Hooray Central Market!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
5
Dont sweat it.
Call me whenever.
Ill make some time for you.
thank you Jen:
It's the journey that matters, and not how much knowledge you may amass.
We're happy to hear about your obsession.
To help cut road toll impose tougher fines improve public transport systems across states
Okay, don't have to ask me twice :
I've always wanted an ipod
I think I'll make the first po boy oyster.
I wish!
Working on getting payment processor up and running.
Launch could be postponed another week.
Stay tuned for further updates.
Where do you guys want to see us play this summer?
lol and Tuesday, Wednesday etc :  Some good twitter material here
Great examples of projects on Web 2.0 tools, check TIE sessions for presentation agenda.
Audience sharing great personal stories.
And its raining
Watching our lads from playing on ESPNU.
They're working hard vs.
9 Montrose Christian.
My head is pounding  Tylenol is not working.
:/
windmill?
On 3 defenders...
A Sequel to Anchorman?
what a waste of time/money/energy/life
Cheering for Rory to the finish!
On my way to the stadium!
and perhaps telling people about our Post  the website www.HistoricFortMyer.com  comments on the website too!
Non fat milk lol
Ladies sitting next to me in the library discussing the last pairs of shoes they bought.
how are you?
you playing tonight?
Nice...
2ndHandBabyGrand bloody BRILLIANT fusion of nbcsmash concept/story/song hattip
Katie I love you!!
Text me!
yo what's your email?
Thank you for showing me who you are underneath.
: Ballots in the mail......team hope you win this election sirThanks good brother.
They are trusting you with their health
folow back?
:D
My pleasure.
Thanks for sharing my film Have I Shared Too Much
we both got our twitter handles from dat nigga LOL
Continuous effort  not strength or intelligence  is the KEY to unlocking our potential.
: we really don't need your acceptance.
You can keep it!
THIS
thanks!
Hope you enjoyed!
Almost done with two hot songs LESS GO
Just edited audio for about 30mins w/ my earphones on before realizing I unplugged them this morning in a mtg.
I think he just went from luxury to necessity
Leather Co.
on Southland?
Are you mourning this Larry Stevenson guy?
Talking about him on NPR right now.
about 2 replace my ceiling fan in the outside patio..another fun day of do it yourself construction and work till 2am doing security later
for sure.
100 it is.
Bringing about 57 hours of date experience your way.
SustUnbound acting out of concern for others could paradoxically be most efficacious in bringing about social change
What's going on with blogger or is it just my web browser?
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never.
Sir Winston Churchill
hey man, me either  thanks dude!
That is so sweet Bailey!
I'm glad you liked it!!!
Any favorite?
Those who dare do; those who dare not, do not.
OMG Jordis Unga is on TheVoice , I remember her from Rockstar INXS, she's fabulous
follow more people haha
don't forget 2nd life for your avatar!
remove them obstacles sis!
Love you!
abouta play black ops wit my baby soon ;D
Goodnight I love you 3
Can't wait for it!:3 skipping soccer practice to watch it!!
Dedication or what?!
Haha:
yes...
or on a web page..
then you find out the truth..
do not want to find out they are horrible
Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies Wins Two Coveted Awards for ...
MarketWatch
follow me!!
Soo tired of the negativity.
If the extremists and conspiracy theorists think Osama is alive, they should simply get the Jihadist to cut a new video tape.
Let's see it!
i try to be.
And dont worry our sons shal also be gentelmen
sounds cool.
Different!
Don't worry, the wind won't blow off the top of a PPSS snowcone : Come see us!
you should check out our app.
It will really help you master iPad typing.
Another day of work, another day of training a dude.
Hooray.
Learn Clickbank  The Clickbank Code Review
Thanks so much my peeps!!!
What a bomb opportunity!
Thank you everyone who is following me
my dad needs to come back from golfing already and bring me my damned mashed potatoes and mac and cheese from kfc.
Encouragement of content creation shouldn't just be associated w/ age/developmental phase 
Let's go Giant!!!
If you want to make your business more professorssional appealing, list business policies with your Google Places.
They don't care about a bunch of inner city kids not getting an education.
Lifechasing,no time to be wasting,inside this transformation, headed for greatness,listening to what God is thinking,ship no longer sinking
and to make it worse..shes a dangerous dog..shes a red nose pit
My room is a mess.
Please let me board this train so I can pass the heck out.
Nero'd
is the cutest shop!
And it smells so freaking good.
Everyone go check it out!
Sounds fab.
I should hop on a plane before the Jubilee and Olympics mayhem.
My pal has a spare flat  I need a vacation.
I wish we could go back to the way things were
lmao I didn't start it.
u got one
Not to be controversial, but I don't think Pinterest is all that greatJust makes me want things I can never buy
Happy Valentines Day, we are  Farragut Square, love and the smell of tacos are in the air.
Let's get it on DC.
I really hope so bc I will hop on that shit
Got 200K with 24 left.
Just got moved to ridiculously tough table.
a great way to remove haters is to block em....
For this cafe, sudden downpours are good for business.
Hit a great workshop with casting director Michael Testa last night...headed the Crosstown set to boom!...yes, autocorrect that's 3 o's!!!
Strength is a well that never doctores.
Own it ,doctorw from it and keep it pushin.
vonchell
What does it take to get one of those bowling balls?
you can tweet Pete , this account is ran by as a whole.
:
Don't forget the last day of MDA boot doctorve is on Saturday!
Ryan Lochte seemed pretty confident Michael Phelps will swim the 400 IM this summer.
Need female singer songwriter for collaboration with known EDM producer.
Email me a sample
You are the best.
aye what up what's your email?
How's the New Year so far?
you're the only person in pf i havent met.
this needs to change.
:
Heard Muzak in Walgreen's doctorgstorethe Ramones' I Wanna Be Sedated.
On the way home from cousins grad party,
NEW HAVEN, Conn.
Stanford quarterback Andoctorw Luck has won the Walter Camp Foundation's award as college football's player of the year
I will b there for my bday in Sept.
So b ready cause Im kickin it EXTRA HARD!
I agree.
Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
handle yo business boo.
lol their expensive and we aren't buying them all unless people throw in
mine seem to be doing alright
make the heat go away,
GO Yankees BeatBaltimore AND GO RANGERS
Glad to hear!
RT : Just took a dance class called 'Tease' with loved it!!
YOU HAVE TWITTER?!
holla!!
: JTPR offers strategically smart communications for companies that want results and honest, straightforward advice and counsel.
I would hire you in a heartbeat!!
If you ever get to Madison look me up!
swear ma son gt anger issues
I totally love this exchange.
AND, he deserves it.
you can make anything look gorgeous.
RT : Come in on Friday or Saturday to celebrate Cinco De Mayo and get a Free Taco Coupon w/ any purchase valid for the 615th
Good Morning...
Happy Weekend :
Salsa tonight !
Newcomer and Intermediate classes start at 8pm.
See you tonight.
Hey guys go check out for the fallen doctorams ;D you will love em
1963  Demonstrations against the Vietnamese Government by Buddhist protesters wanting to fly flags
You just gave away all your vodka that's what Jesus would do
what everythingmustchange joints you wanna hear at my show may 5?
NO.
With all due respect team chemistry is more important.
They are lazy and selfish.
Let 'em sit and learn a hard lesson.
Redemption comes in many shapes with many kinds of pain.
Justin sounded amazing, fuck faces.
Keep track of your intention:
The arts r an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress.
H.Willem Van Loon
Since I Accidentley slept in and didn't go to school today ..
I think it's time for bed Lol 
Thanks for the RT.
Maybe we'll get to hand you a tamale or two tomorrow!
3 tickets left for MY ASIAN MOM for 5!!!!!
yay!
thanks!
Figured I might get through to you guys through twitter.
Tell E I love him!
Unfollowed a lot of shit accounts.
WilliamLevy is so Yummy!
Lol!!!
OMG I almost died with that last dance...
He's so hot
Food for thought: Even if other boats sink, your boat will not rise.
Awesome!
Who says all the news coming out of Syracuse University is bad these days?
Pinterest newsfeed  feels like you're just watching someone surf the web
I want to play football one day this week
Thank God people can't here what I'm thinking!
:o haha
No..
I had to take a break for a year.
I'll still be doing privates so I can see y'all there!
Miss everybody so so so much!
LOL.
I know right!
I was rushing to make this meeting downtown, but I'm the only one here, they are late too...
Alright kiddos.
Time to strap on some spandex and get to riderin'!
RIDERIN'!!!
WHAT'S YOUR PRICE FOR FLIGHT!?!
I'll DT you right quick.
Full House is on!!
If writers need an eLiterate web designer who really gets books, is the best in the business.
My choc.
lab barks incessantly during storms wanting to go out in it.
doctorves me nuts!!
never try to make a permanent decision based on temporary feelings
negative nancy
You know, I was hesitant about the Comcast Modemisteruter combo unit, but at 36 down and 6 up, I really don't care.
.
had a doctornk last night that tasted like steak sauce.
It was incredible.
Cinco de doctornko party : bring on the mexican beer, guacamole, enchiladas and queso.
Thanks!
It should be tons of fun.
Wish you could be there too!
Only way I'd be let down on being excused from jury duty is if I missed out on an awesome case which around here is highly unlikely
hahaha..
: My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always doctoramed of.
In Westwood on Westwood Blvd and La Content Ave on corner.
Come get chocolate ZICO!!!!
I can't wait!
Today is my son's 3rd birthday  reminds me what is most important in life  love and family.
RT : I don't see how people can break up and move on to a different person, while I go right back to the same person.
I'm a hunter, i'll find you
In final stages of completing manuals/job aides for hospice project in Florida; instruction starts at end of month
Looks yummy!
Looking for ideas for renting / borrowing a funky / vintage photo booth of some kind for the next academic year.
Suggestions?
That's what free beer is for?
Beyond stressed .
I want school to be over !
Dont worry...be
Imma send you a link!
Via doctorpbox!
It'll change your Life I promise
designers  devs...
Thinking bout getting an MBP 15 or an MB Air 13.
What do u think?
Is the small screen/less storage a significant loss?
Going to see American reunion wit my niggas
So excited for the weekend!
Getting my kiddo fix with the nieces and nephew!
Iron Monkey is on.
lol.
They still do, n sorry for the late response XD
all we do is smoke n fuck
cool, I need to learn how to do that!
hey zendaya fans how are today????
Listening to Judy Collins reminds me of being in the back seat of a dodge dart on a hot humid day in the 70s.
His name is Abraham :
Hey Kerry!
A birdy told me you are a big Country Music fan!
Is that true?
If more people went to Stubby's to play music, I wouldn't 've had to.
For so long.
Not even my gig.
being this pretty ain't eazy
Kate curled my hair, and i feel so pretty!!
i even went to work looking like i should have a tierra on my head, that is how done my hair was
Hey follow back
Never will i regret ths night!!
There is something seriously wrong with me when I know the song in , season 3, ep 6 is the same in the SATC series finale.
RT : digitaltext class is canceled tonight.
Can u delete them Plz bruh
i need September 30th to come right now, the wait is killing me!!!!!
Going to be at Teen hoot this summer right?!
:
This happens to me ALL the time :/
voted for you trish!: your so sweet3
nigga just give up you are making a fool of yourself
Are there any RPR traffic numbers you can share?
Monthly uniques, page views, etc.
Dam I wish I was chopped right now just be chillin chopped and listening to sum music but shit I'm chillin watchin how high
dear bitch who I work with that I dislike, please go away and do not bother me again.
Oh and don't act like you know more than me.
you dont.
Now following back :
Amazing how many different fantasy platforms exist.
Learning a great deal here at the FSTA convention.
Wow, our prayers are with you Japan...
lol yes ma'am
We want you back can i get a replay.
your the best of the best
Fun show last night!
Thanks to everyone who came down!!
Cheers,
As God is my witnessI have NO idea what to do next.
What if I used a belt as a tie?
would that be equally cool?
I don't get why people have phones if they aren't going to use them
Happy birthday to one of my bestest besties !
Love you girl!
You're a kind and beautiful human.
Xoxo
What do you mean?
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
Peace Pilgrim
Its my new ringtone...
and I'm so happy with it...
Panelists Jon Howland, Jennifer Wislocki
force/collision meet twitter...
twitter meet force/collision
ok thanks :
So excited for a friend that got engaged on the Seine in Paris last weekend!
: So romantic!
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
God doesn't put things in your life that he knows you can't handle.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere.
They're in each other all along.
Rumi
Best Philly cheasesteak in town
I'm on the bicycle so I don't think downtown is on the list...
Check your DM sending you my 
It will be better 
agreed  quite a silly article with some valid points!
This song is coming out really good.
go it!
a thousand miles seems pretty far, but they've got planes and trains and cars, I'd walk to you if I had no other way.
cole's head is swollen larger dan his GUTS
My productivity at work has now reached an all time low.
you got that right.
I hope so too your sake!
2 number 2 seeds go down in one day!
Wow I am amazed haha!
But i hate duke!
Happy Birthday !
Twitter is much better with football back!
denverleadership Ersek talking about their locations all over the world...65million people use them every year.
Strawberries and champagne ...
now it feels like the end of my birthday weekend!!
that would be wonderful!
LMKthe dates and area u r staying n  we will make a fun plan!
xo
To be fair legislation is more lengthy and complex now.
Would not be surprised if filibuster to word ratio has doctorpped.
Listening to skrillex eating, Cheese whiz.
completely agree
On the bright side, wasn't in charge of getting Bin Laden's addoctorss.
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F FAIR: 68F FAIR
Thanks Jeff!
We make a great team!
No that's not it, but very interesting.
I should be able to share my video tomorrow.
NYC ed struggles: no layoffs but lost 7,000 teachers and student populations have gone way up.
did you know one minute of kissing burns 26 calories no wonder sluts are so damn skinny;
I can't see this pic u put ???
RT : One Link...One Click...One Scan...Your Complete Online Presence!
Check out 
no way.
The photogenic gene passed right over me.
Yes, I think a lot of home business owners are not aware of what their HO policy won't cover.
RT Belief in God, without belief in the Prophet, would still be unbelief.
The Strip Is NOT The Place To Be
It's Thursday!
:
Nice!
RT : doctorams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them.
Be patient.
You remind me of a landshark
its still not the same like watching it live
If you're against gay marriage, then don't marry a gay person....that's oversimplification, I guess.
Or...is it?
Suggestions on places to eat in downtown Milwaukee?
Stanford 2nd leading scorer SR Josh Owens already has 9 its early.
Could be an issue for UMass down low.
Stanford leads 1611 14:00
Think i may go couch surfing this weekend
Is it really bad to eat raw cookie dough?
I think that's unrealistic.
ugh you should've just gone with him
i can not wait for S2 of teen wolf.
I was waiting for S2 of the gates until i saw you in teen wolf.
Been a busy, but very good day!
Love days like this!
You know summer is over when your sandals start flipflopping south for the winter.
Use code BLKFRDY and get 15 off.
Shipped shirt for under 20.00 !
Stay tuned!
The TV.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
it sucks but aye shit happens and it's sometimes ours of our control we just have to learn to deal with it
Feeling good, Feeling Great!
Sunday  Myday
We're in search of a Male host for our competition.
To Apply, send email with infoPic to .
You will Cohost with female.
Yes; will continue, and we're on track to post our 1000th picture of the Lawn during Final Exercises.
the fresh fruit and the tennis lessons and the sunny days have together conspired to change you, indeed.
Really happy to have shared a NASCAR World Series with Katie and my Dad.
Jimmie wins fair and square and the 29 doctorve his nuts off.
Shame both sets can't learn from one another, I say
AudioInflux about to rock the stage.
Then RootsCollider.
Homegrown is the place to be.
Had to leave lots of people behind, change the love in my heart to a next man, keep focused on my goal and praying happy  stress free life
I've wished for the same thing on 11:11 forever.
WHY WONT IT HAPPEN.
SCREW YOU 11:11 
on my way to see
KPUHuntsman huntsman is introduced
Love looking out into a crowd and seeing familiar faces of those who love and support me as an artist and as a person.
Dave, let me know if I can help you with the book.
Orphan works, the bane of my existence right now.
Too bad file metadata is a fairly new concept!
S/O Headkick ko.
It's showtime 69 sec
Thanks for the follow!!
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk
Why do you think that?
I think that used to be a problem of his...
Not anymore.
Dude had game...sad to see him go.

Thanks for following!
Of course, strategic goals must be the foundation of social media efforts.
Engagement  brand activity can lead to ROI
a mind is a terrible thing to waste
He said why do you like girls?
I said why tf u lik gurlz?!
Oh WOW!
I just saw an ad on TV of Janet Jackson selling NutriSystem!
Try not to do anything with The Nuge that attracts Secret Service attention...
hahaha.
See you Sunday at Dell Diamond!
goodnight Peyton, I hope u have sweet doctorams and I hope u feel better soon 21
SorryI've already submitted final TC 5.09 to Chronicle.
However, this is a great post  I plan to link to it on my blog!
Thx.
wait so how do u know tht Juliet made Andy cut his hair?
Roses are red violets are blue, god made me pretty, what the hell happened to you?!
Sumbody point me in da direction of 85 DAVIS...I might give him sum today...
Sry hun...
check us out on Facebook  Tonja Colima Linda
NEVER CALM DOWN BECAUSE OF BASEBALL!
Is it bad that I can't cry or worry?
Shit I am dead inside..
Cinemagr.am is cool.
It's basically an easier way to create an animate GIF.
1.
a person or thing that does something, especially a person who gets things done with vigor and efficiency.
RT : Follow Friday allstars:
And you're a failure at life.
Get a job.
I'm hungry but if I eat now come 4 hours from now I'll be hungrier then ever homeless person on earth ...
i love mister.
dickenson.
best part about Google with Twitter  we talk shit on all you late adapters who act too cool to join then join years later.
You should probably do both to cover your bets
Loving all out blitz on the royals, its ourtime to revolt and show that
to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional...
Rangers just sealed the deal!
RT : InSquared morning sessions: hacking education w/ and in room 433
If you are in Atlanta and headed to the PPD event, don't forget school supplies!
OKAY JENNY CALL ME  6:00 AND ILL CALL PAOLA TO : ITS A FUCKING PLAN IN MOTION
Outta work, gotta a cigar and a beer.
Lifes good right now!!!!
What a way to start the weekend.
so did you get a walk today.
If I get to work with you then fine, I'll stay next time :
don't think we don't notice.
Customer service IS your brand, answering the phone is just part of it.
Good job.
Ellie Goulding reminds me of
Goodnight twitter
I can't do this anymore.
RT New Years Day Diet: Bloody Marys and bloody mary toppings.
Stop 1 hooligans Happy New Year!!
:
tht random moment when u bust out dancin to wait for you cover by austin and ur mom is lyk wtf!!
anna
Relig people think homo is a choice for one reason only ...
they don't think their God would make a gay ...
classic working backwards.
I dunno, leave me alone.
Congratulations to the Japanese women's team on their first World Cup victory!
That's it for now.
Brewers game tonight?
94 Eastbound is a parking lot...
Follow me!
Tupac Voice
a little bit!
Lol how are you?
worstfeeling KNOWING YOU ARE BE CHEATED ON
I apologize for those of you who have received direct messages from me.
My account has been compromised and I am resolving the issue.
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
God Jul everyone !!!
Fuck I hate Christmas.
Craziest trip back from Btown yet
Been working with Nate on his new luxury suit line.
On a scale of 110...his fashion IQ is a 13.
BlineLuxe!
Again, having a Keurig is dangerous.
I will now consume 100 more coffee.
Just saw sprint by at the race for the cure.
I haven't started my sprint yet.
KeyPeele show is def funny stuff.
Op..lil Wayne doctorpped his soap.
Road Trip
Please think twice before buying Facebook likes.
The most important likes are the likes that are targeted.
Thanks for following.
I always follow back and support doctoram chasers.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe.
The Mirage.
I have urged coverage.
I think we're working on it?
Missed the start.
don't be afraid to go out on a limb and like something because you genuinely do and not because some website is telling you to
RT IF YEW HATE BEING SICK!!!!
Quoth the raven, Nevermore.'  Edgar allan Poe
Only in uncertainty can there be creativity.
Deepak Chopra
Incentives, support, and pressure are important aspects of wellness motivation and maintenance
Hey Saffron.
It's my birthday.
Can you say Hi to me?
Blake Griffinover/under 5 years in NBA?
30 tips on a slow lunch, ceviche and avocado margaritas, a nap and a bike ride.
I like today.
Haha!
RT When your teacher is talking about her kids you like 'OMFG YOU HAD SEX?!
Senior Records Manager position available in Orange County...opportunity to develop a RM program for large corporation!
Contact me at kati
Link yr media assets and web, optimize for one click
84k on break.
Going to 4 800 75.
2 more levels with a break in between.
Going to be playing later than I thought.
Why is it a man is sick  everything must stop 4 him 2 stay on the couch but if a woman is sick, she can't get a moment's peace?
what are you watching?
I really think some dudes think we girls are so stupid smh
Hey  thanks for the email updating me on my departure gate.
Sadly your update of Gate 76 is quite far from Gate 67 in Houston.
A little over 1/9th of the world was tuned into the game today.
Congrats to my little bro and his wife Danielle on the birth of their baby boy and future UK PG Hudson.
New Warnings for MS doctorg Gilenya After FDA Review
: Just let me know:.
man with pretty white teeth and good smelling cologne
true true.
Goodluck :
better seeing your pics...
here doctorssing for work in panties and pantyhose underneth
I am.
Really?
Cool.
RT call me man June 1st weekend bout to be Ham.
shane is so gonna win teens choice awards
BET!
RT : Yo When You Get To Work You Gonna Have Something On Your ToDoList!
Lol SO's V100  Allure..
hey sexy
Checking my new house Noth Hollywood CA,
There playing What Makes You Beautiful at a football game lol.
I don't think so.
The conference still has some great football and basketball powerhouses.
They should go after BYU and
Top two Boston trends: HappyMothersDay and Happy Mothers Day.
Still, one of them is promoted.
Oh well, HappyMothersDay!
you guys got a youtube?
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Huge THANK YOU to Brenda Middle and for leading Volunteer Team at
Ember: The Bonfire Digital Memorial Museum and Project Injustice out of TX AM
follow me 1
Ciao!
We'll be live on today from 121pm to discuss the May 20 festival.
That is what we are thinking, lots of images, clips from research from ongoing projects, more informal than our blog.
my aunt wants me to sing for her wedding!!
Any tips??
Can someone please make me a cd
Having to do an On Demand tomorrow morning 
Amazing how advanced technology is yet I still doctorp, can't call out or in here in Richmond KY BH comeonATT
The Shins...well done!
Best musical guest performance in awhile.
Can't wait to see them at Bonnaroo.
I just got the LivingSocial.
Going to check it out!
Eyeing one tonight but nothing confirmed other than the edge smashes :.
Good night and Roll Tide.
Hounds tooth blanket awaits me.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is .
Love you too, loser.:
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOO, JOHN LENNON.
GO HOME.
i think i'm sick...wonderful
i think its pretty cool that u are a mahomie, belieber and directioner :
you can't be that bored in ur avi smh
North Minneapolis tornado victims race to fix homes before winter.
thats not where I wanted to go though.lol,I wanted to go to courtneys :p
WORD I'm Happy For U!!
I Will Be Glad Wen I Get A Job N' I Can Do Dat!
Me n' My Bae Might Do Dat IDK
yessirr.
Sound better actually ON the tape lol.
Had tha nerve too try  speak to me today nigga you fake af , .
By the time everybody knows my name, I won't remember yours.
: will evangelicals vote for Romney?
key question for the election  data shows religion an important factor
Just hopped on a show at Penny Road Pub tomorrow.
Come out!
Rockford  Indiana next weekend!
Crying myself to sleep.
Doing that for the third night in a row.
Hopefully I'll change it up tomorrow night.
Think I will pick a random GREAT Mother to send flowers to for Mothers Day...
YouDeserveIt ;
Great markdowns on EVERYTHING!
Contact us today at
and guess who was suppose to txt me but hasn't..........
lol
So ready to have the next couple months over with so I can just move away but at the same time I wanna stay
it's nice cause its a lazy day..
but then yeah...
here comes Monday haha
Great entrepreneurship resources:
Make that Rollins.
Darn iPhone
: My goal in life is to be as good of a person my dog already thinks I am.
Author Unknown quotes dogs
what do you call this unlocking process?
Company Purge?
I don't know why I agreed to pick up a shift tonight.
Don't feel like working unless 300 is handed to me.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMINEM TeamFollowBack I follow everyone
So I'm confused, do I want the Knicks to win?
7th or 8th, 7th or 8th?
Wondering wen will my breakthrough happen.
I've been struggling soo long.
Must be time for my breakthrough.
Brewers are 6 outs away from NLCS
Pump it up!!
RT : Just started Djing RELAX
Ha!
I'm guessing you're not the biggest fan of Timeline.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honour him;
must be the most famous one in our restaurant.
and thats why you're my Ella StillProud I gave you that name
Wanting nothing more in this world but to meet one day!
He is my inspiration in life!
not saying I would lol :p just that its not AS bad as with a guy
nice congrats want to make my way up to the DMV and learn from watching you work.
Keep up the great work
John Huntsman is not cutting it folks!!!!
Hi babe
Rep.
Ott, please stop whining...
I found it strange :
Follow me pretty please with sugar on top?
c: xoxoxo
Awesome!
Glad we are one of your favorites!
THAT'S RIGHT DTRIX.
iLoveMyMomBecause she is amazing.
She does everything she can and never fails to make me happy.
being a 19th century kinda guy working in the 20th century is a challenge...but 1976 lets me do both...love history and memory!
Finished shooting episode 3 The Double Date and it was a total doctorg.
Hoping to keep up the flow with the new episode format!
i love ducks im obsessed with them.
and i have a million pillows and everything duck all over my room.
I can't believe my life is still the same as it was last week after reading all those inspirational quotes on Pinterest.
: Craftspeople see their production as a means of distributing an experience.
Same source.
I was going to go the the one in Chicago in April but i had something at school....//:
Hard work pays off, fool...
Pretty good, wbu!
I hope the new owner of the Pershing Inn erased the video of me getting my friend to beat up Carlos Aguilar.
He had a black eye for a month!
We didn't know where to go, it was late, so she basically picked me up and doctorpped me off lol
Getting breakfeast...yummy
sure thing!
I hope you are enjoying SXSWi .
Be on the lookout for our onsite concierge team for treats at the ACC today.
is having a Tag Sale !!!
November 20th 9am until 3pm.
dinner buffet sounds lovely while contemplating
also realized how much i have switched from Live to Logic Pro for tracking.
Mostly cause i can't afford to update both...
My mom actually likes me listening to cuz he is sober now, and is my role model for my sobriety :
I wanted to ask you how you felt about me, but I never did because I was afraid I might not like what you had to say.
I want it so.bad!
RT : Today is just one of those days.......chin up, buttercup.
With any luck, Monday will turn into Tuesday shortly :
and thanks so very much!!!
aha I am wrong indeed if that is the case.
Sorry to group you w the proletariat.
my favorite victoria secret angel, alessandoctor ambrosio, is pregnant!
congrats!
Can't believe I'm going to miss the pancakes at KAVO again
Work today.
Donation allows Racine P.D.
to get third patrol canine
Mondays suck
Happy Saturday everyone!
What do you have planned for today?
Love the new singe REFILL !!
RT
my favorite super bowl recipe is your bbq pulled pork sandwiches and your batterdipped french fries
Now that's what i am talking about, Lakers!!!
are coming!
hell yeah!!
game time!
Group.
Small group.
Facebook guy, my CEO, and maybe three or four others.
Jeremiah would be most welcome.
Outstanding.
Please just listen to got it all wrong
A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all our facebook and twitter followers!
: Has anyone had a better sports weekend than ?
It's been a solid weekend!
Just need my fantasy team to win.
Tummy hurts and spending all day in the hospital tomorrow :
There is a spider in my car while I'm doctorving under my feet.
I've only stayed up late for readathon, and that was only cuz I was discovering HUNGER GAMES.
May try tonight.
EverydayIThinkAbout how much you mean the world to me.
What I would do if I just lost you one day..
I am working on an MS in Systems Science, what are you getting?
Takin it easy.
Twice on Sunday.
just watched the anniversary ep of ice loves coco.
Where is my Ice?
I can't wait to find him.
And yes, my pic is my Coco costume
Speeding, rapid acceleration  braking can lower gas mileage by 33 percent on the hwy and 5 percent in the city.
Don't start none.....won't be none!!!
RT your momma so fat that when she sat on her iphone, she created Ipad.
Tomorrow: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic: MacArthur Park, Southside by the Fountains
bless up star bendiciones
TODAY in TAMPA,  the Underdawgs at 's Heatwave 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio.
Tell everyone ya know!
I wish I had a tanning buddy.
I've noticed that my mom never picks up the phone on pay day lol : just horrible
College lacrosse  Norwalk duo keys to Fairfield's turnaround  The Hour
2 consecutive days off.
A luxury?
A trick?
I wonder.
Hope you all are having a great day!
I'm slugging in HOV, so mostly silent.
It's the rules.
I need to get up and get energy I'm tired of sitting here and doing this reflection!!!
Thanks Hector...
Great to have u here...
Have an awesome week my friend
insider.espn.go.com/insider/insider/news/story?id6402542 One of the biggest mistakes poker players make is betting on other poker players
Thank you!
Awesome working with you on Dark Revelation.
Enjoy the rest of the process.
Let's def.
meet up when all is said and done.
the other bands for the were and Something Else, we all had fun
Hey Thomas, thanks for following us.
We look forward to connecting with you.
o trust all things are planned when it comes to publicity and I commend her for stirring the pot close to when her show
I'm pretty sure he's about to tear my ass up....
wish me luck
I am still recovering from last weekend!!
so right about now idk if I'm gonna have a prom date.
mabey it will be on amzon if it you can buy thats where I am getting my jedward cd from since it not in the usa
YouKnowItsRealWhen your boo want lock code fa ya phone....
possibly.
Would ever let a guy stick their penis in your anus?
congrats on the W tonight.
earrings too sucka
Omg hahah me and have the most sloppys writing ever but its the thought that counts Lol
If u think cellphones and doctorving don't mix...
What about cellphones and riding a bicycle?
Now THAT is a bad idea!
Grrrrrrrr ALZM is on the move ladies.....
Lets go!
Childoctorn need your help!
All of the proceeds from helps us help families seeking cancer care for their childoctorn...
Wow!
Madoctord wins at Barca 21!
Great game!
When was the last time Madoctord won at Barcelona ?
boy you better follow me pleaz
same people in warehouse.
No surprise
Somistert, have you considered ?
Heaven help me, I got a mancouch today.
A leather reclining mancouch for our film viewing cave.
It's so god but so NOT chic.
Read Just a Few Sleeps Away last night.
A powerful story about a 9/11 victim and her family.
A powerful read from Mike Nichols.
Great week with Jay Sean recording at KMA!
Stay tuned for new music...
Top Moments: Bones39; Birth in a Manger and Mad Men39;s Fat Betty
Hanging out in my hometown of Santa Cruz for a while catching up with family while I recover from all the traveling around.
Nice to be home.
Thank you for calling Westwood Sperm Bank, where you squeeze it, we freeze it.
ahh.
I love this.
I want the same thing.
Shouts to FWM on the move keep up pplz check out the updates
Hahahaha!
Tell me some!
I gotta hear this!
XD
follow Redstar amazing gogo dancers and more!!!
LOL Me too man me too...
i love p.f.
changs!
I just gt my wisdom teeth out and I am slurping down some AMAZING wonton soup!
You rock !
Colts are maybe 34 years out of making some noise, it make sense cutting Peyton.
Hey, my friendly political representatives ,, : Please heed the warnings of our tech industry  oppose SOPA
date picker popups also a native functionality in HTML5
Artistic collaboration can create an emotional connection more powerful than a romantic relationship.
nice to see another woman of color at sb5.0!
Stop by PA142 at poster session.
I'd love to talk.
Chiana:Puppy Advice: Don't think of your new throw pillows as destroyed so much as shabby chic.
what can I say your amazing ?
And there's actually no words to describe you 3
God created the world in SIX days But it took him centuries
DO U LOVE BABY POWDER...GO TJ LOL
Have you started reading it?
If you have just know pg 152 made me cry:/ You should take a picture of the letter  send it to me
I'll check them out!
So are we rooting for Suns to win or lose this game?
lol
Its britney bitch.
Love it!
Flipped classroom resources are great way for parents to connect to classroom.
Warren ...
this time they blogged linguistic attainments
one should be on my timeline
Modeling industry is So dirty.
I'm so oooooverrrrr it!
Leaving Boo Williams, great tourny!
Lots of talent, love the EYBL concept!
thanx for the follow rouxer :D much love
sitting her on tubmlr reblogging one direction, what else is there to do?:
Incredibly psyched to be headed to ala12 in June as the StudenttoStaff nominee from UW!
Still, you know you want your own penguin army.
Everybody needs a penguin army.
And if that wasn't enough, the film features him going back in time to have sex with himself.
that's not awkward, that's what retweet was made for!
Spreading information to the masses.
Duh.
Injuries killed us.
What is that?
And i have some stuff for you
I keep having this really ominous feeling that I've been living in a doctoram and any second I'm about to wake up
thanks for the follow!
Don't be a stranger.
:
Robert Wolven Columbia Univ Libraries new iiipc12 member talking now
Dude just started scratching his back on the cafe's entrance door frame.
firehazard?
I'm actually not sure if I'm going to Aruba, might be headed to Monaco instead
OH: So then I ate the Roast Beef sandwich and went right back to sleep.
Me and you could so be friends.
trust me I won't forget
Sorry for the confusion, but due to the location change we won't be volunteering at the tonight.
Last minute adjustment
One Day I'll Have that Job Where I can say I Love My Job!
What is your sushi wish list for lunch: Cruncy Spicy Salmon Roll, Cajun Roll with spicy remoulade, warm wake and edamame?
What can YOU do to honor God today?
She is just dumb....do what you think you should do

What's your definition of it?
How's it make you feel?
Tell me what it is that truly makes it real...
you good
Moscone, Bail Bonds.
Mark your calenders .
The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced on January 11th  inducted on June 5th n NYC
can't find the huge spider i sprayed with raid.
it's planning revenge.
i know it.
panicking until it makes it's move.
Don't want to hear about how you think your gf is gonna break up with you
you too, thanks!
Would love to chat about my race with Joe Barton!
I will where's it at?
So excited to be speaking
I want pancakes
Don't sweat it.
Any chance I can get some form of expedited shipping?
I would like to try to avoid renting rails again.
Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling: The best way to have a great idea is to have a lot of ideas.
If I had my whole life to live over again, I don't think I'd have the strength.
Flip Wilson
then how do you know whats been going on in the world?!
How can Chicago become a global hub 4 innovation?
Strong venture capital, robust infrastructure  space,  critical mass of tech talent
Check out our website next week to order your own bag of KISS Coffee!
as if.
You're not even close Peggy
Responsiveness is very nice, but the post dates are hard to read.
I really love the minimalism too.
UPDATE: appearance on will happen at 5:45a CDT on Saturday, clips shown throughout the day.
3 more hours.......CiRoC Boys at SILK STRIP CLUB!!!!!!
Used top and tailed access and error logs like a boss this evening.
Totally felt like Tony Stark hacking away.
I'm learning!
you should mange !
Huh huh?!
The girls gonna go crazy!
Along with me!
:D
To prove he wasnt juicing he needs to have the best season of his career.
aokay
Sex and golf are the two things you can enjoy even if you're not good at them.
...all are merely blind men receiving different impressions from touching the same elephant Lin Yun
LOL!
Put that woman to work!
;
why do you have those big ass glasses on?
If you support Kian and Sam, help us out by getting people to follow!
:D
The Night Kitchen is closing at midnight tonight and will reopen December 28.
Happy Holidays!
elearning market change , modules built in flash/rapid, not usable on the iOs platform, building those, mlearning, elearning.
Thoughts?
Honor those who have and currently serve.
God Bless the USA!
The NFC West should be pretty tough this yr.
Safe to say we won't have the doormat tag anymore.
He was Fb messaging with a dude yesterday.
They made plans for for tonight to get together tonight
Damn you gotta love people...!
Smfh...!
Congrats to !!
We'll see you guys opening the 1045BdayShow!!!
oomf changed completely since middle school, shrugs guess we both grew up..
lol yeah he was like that!
Welcome to the world of twitter!
Saw your Faceook status haha
Never work with a debt settlement company that does not safegaurd its results
Had a great bible study with
FREE COFFEE TOMORROW!
aww if it is a lot if ppl doctorpped out!
lol, thank you!
Thanks.
I'm curious how the idea works in real life.
One thing to observe from outside, another to do it daily.
Update me!
That was cute.
Congrats to you on an amazing game.
Your 49ers in the NFC Championship  sweet!.
sorry, but this team is destined for SB.
looks like I should have shoot for the house :
Girl, yes he did!!!
So started the new media ball rolling last night; educators hear more from Will the audience respond?
I'm pretty sick :
hmm, yes, that's enough to make me worried about what I would upload.
I wasn't planning to upload client data, but now it's certain
and we the ritas and the wine
Have to wipe lisa down tonight, she's been riding dirty in my trunk for a week!
I know I am excited!!!
My awesome sister is gonna take me!!
chocolatebliss
you know Nashville might lose this series
On my way back home after another great 360idev conference.
:
I'll try.
Sounds good man.
Rep Castor has current proposal up for vote to keep funding for 300,000 kids on
My print lingo is bad enough.
You add in the tyranny of the metric system and Im completely lost.
Yes, the Andantino from Les Cinq Doigts  I was going to arrange it but couldn't find my copy, so I just wrote a new piece.
: Have a great weekend!
I'm bored, someone talk to me!
Spending the day downtown with my boy.
Laker game later tonight!
Season 2 of Treme comes out on DVD tomorrow.
Clapping
Would at some point enjoy a superhero fight crashing through my apartment.
Just not while I'm in the shower.
Whedon, take note.
heading to NY for Internet Week  if you're there and would like to connect up to talk let me know and we'll make it happen.
Reminiscing about those college days.
Sometimes I wonder how the heck I survived and passed.
Always made the 2.0 just to stay in the frat.
Making my baby lunch before he goes to work :D
Thanks!
I'll check that out.
very simple.
No pain just a little discomfort.
And you're in  out.
So worth it!
I am so glad I.have re emerged and got to see a lot of favorites this weekend...
Want to submit your brilliant socialmedia work, but need a little more time?
Shoot us an email at .
Thank u Jesus for waking me up this morning 

perhaps it is their hearing.
Some people can't accept anything under 100db for their music :
nice website..keep doin ya thang
We set a date!
Jon and I are getting married on September 1st, 2012 at The Center for Wooden Boats in Seattle, Wa.
Great discovery meeting w/ yesterday about PPC  SEO strategy.
Topnotch interactive agency.
What a couple of weeks.
My daily routine is still recovering.
yes!!!
And today is a lovely day for training :
I'm in love with u
hell yeah, that's why he my starter in FF...: From September 11th RT Buffalo might be a sleeper this year.
I like Fitzpatrick
Get ready.
On the way.
god damn
you are awesome.
Happy Sunday.
Real eyes realize real lies.
Oh sorry, haven't seen the shirt myself.
thanks, Mark!!!
2012 Elite Showcase Basketball Classic Rosters soon the be announced!
Will the 2012 Class be as good as the 2011 Class?
This is as bad as I've seen the Flyers play.
And, although he has a goal, Giroux is really struggling at even strength with bad giveaways.

because me and gen go way back :D
exactly, a base hit scores those two guys on second  third.
really hoping we luck out this week with the weather again.
Tornado sirens didn't stop us last week!
just emailed you!
ah, I wish I could!
I'm really shitty with instruments xD
Love is in the air!!?;
rant over.
thanks.
Sounds like the end of a batman movie in downtown seattle right now.
you're so funny, i just read up on your tweets.
i am loving your personality xo
Because they are pillars of society?
Care about the poor?Donate to Meals on Wheels?
They hide  pay tools to spread the HATE!
That's not the dude who used to pitch for the Rockies, is it?
Twitter Fam this Sun shine is for my princess Brithday So catch up when its nite out
Ruff Endz  Someone To Love You
Gotta get some stuff done...
Have a great day everyone!
Keep rockin!
:
Running laps, never giving up, never stopping,
Pool parties are almost in full effect.
Looking for some good beer recommendations for later.
Shooting for something I haven't had //cc
Answer the Disney Trivia question correctly B4 5pm today and win Disney tix for 3/31 at JPJ Studio: 978 1023
You deserve it  you guys are covering that better and quicker than anyone else
RT : Champions aren't made in gyms.
Champions are made from something deep inside: a desire, a doctoram, a vision.
Muhammad Ali
looking forward to the next speaker, of google speaks publicly for the first time on leveraging google for nonprofessorts
who would win in a fight?
Tim Tebow or Jeremy Lin?
V glad to hear USF is implementing a smoking policy.
I have not so fond memories of having to walk thru clouds of smoke to get to class.
Other peoples opinion of you does not have to become your reality
hheeyyy so u going to school tom
I love your show.
It's like Music TV.
Hey, that name's not taken is it?
nice, have a good break:p
RT : Also, the term Heimlich maneuver is no longer used by the American Red Cross.
whynot?
Good Morning cutie:
We love to return the love, so thank you for all of the support for poster art!
Here39;s What39;s Holding The Jury Up In The OracleGoogle Case
are you home??
I can tell you are in LA.
No sleep
Metacongrats Dan.
:
YOU ARE THE CUTEST GUY ON EARTH!!!!!!!!
You're SO FETCH.
3:
theres no way it cant be fun.
Unless ur the one getting married of course.
Alright, I think that was worth it.
Satisfied.
mister White, I cannot complain, especially with the Masters on this weekend.
I'm sure you're enjoying them too.
nice overview of social media properties, thanks!
Practical lessons from alamw12 : Once you join a network there's no seniority.
The network goes both ways.
you in Milwaukee?
Chicago traffic blows...
Carpool lanes anyone ?
I hope!
TGIF!!
We are rocking with sweet Xmas deals!!
Come on by!
Awe.....
I got the job!!
xD now for a piss test...uh tomorrow.
its worth the try
Ray Ray.
Fa three
ha.
I was just peepin it, meeting people over here..
If you're going through a hard time and need to chat please message me, I'd love to share Christ with you.
He saves us from all sin!
I figure I'm going to need these knees awhile longer.
It's probably better to save on them and let them heal.
;
Really?!
Whitney Houston : so sad
good luck!!
thanks man!
Hugs back DEF  sunday?
Saturday is solely devoted to Avengers excitement  viewing.
Rehearsals and class, class and rehearsals.
Let a new dance day begin!
:
Instead of smd me and will say smb.
Riding round bumping
Just Needed That Extra Sleep :
two amazing cds doctorpped today go pick up dead throne and understanding what we've grown to be both are amazing!!!
The Raid: Redemption.
Directed by Gareth Evans.
First time watch.
3/4
lmao Gasol needs to sit down from that one...
You won't arrive if you're not heading there 
checking your website now.
looks great as well!
would love to try that bench and create a review about it :
Just back off before I snap!
I go away a few hours  TCOT becomes prisoners of conscience?
Wait here...
I'll alert Amnesty International.
you deleted the dataset?
The background analysis was already queued.
RT : Never make yo side bitch your main bitch...where they do that at?
going through and fixing licenses on my slideshare uploads  CCBYSA for most of them
Yeah me and Karolenne are gonna go to a concert together!
Oh Bobby, that'll never happen.
I can play a lot better booboo 
I swear of Juan bails on Mariel tomorrow, I'm going to be so pissed at him!
If He Would Cheat On Her That Means He Would Cheat On You
Very thankful my remote control has a previous channel button!
and rockin' the tube!
Putting a timing chain and water pump on an s10 really sucks.
covered in grease ugh.
Yeehaw!
What is your favorite memory from Pensacola Beach?
said to Boaz, Acquire for yourself, he doctorw off his sandal.
9And Boaz said to the elders and to the rest of the people, You
Off to Grand Opening Block Party, hoping to meet when I get there!
:
she is so perf sigh
how was dallas?!
At Groves we understand that our seniors have different needs and that those needs change over time.
Well you know my last role was a Bellhop!!!
Just Sayin' : I have to get showered and head to auditions!
Cya!
Friends, I've been hacked.
Do not open a DM from  supposedly me.
Especially do not click the link.
I am SO sorry!!
yes!
long overdue.
I'll send you a mtg request :
We appreciate the feedback and the concern.
Your definitely not alone, an were working on it.
i'll send you contact info.
Two seconds into the amerks game....FIGHT!!!
RT : About to watch FSU game vs.
Cincinnati only time I'm going to say this cuz of GONOLES
new background ;  I'm not the chick in the picture with alli, btw, but I took this :D
seen a lot of haters so u know haters gone come like the sun an the moon in the morning.
Hey, thanks for this RT!
its a hot track had to replay it its a club banger!!!!!!!!!!!
got hysterical when I saw your rats post bc I show arming of the earth too and always laugh at how it shows up in every essay!
Feeling encouraged to have been one of 15 called back out of hundoctords for Cabaret at Hart House.
It went reasonably wellNow on to the next:
Merry Christmas from iBand.me !!!
Thanks for caring about the earth!
I can already see the tribune online comments tomorrow.
Next month is my birthday and I'll be special.
you so cute.
Toonami is back!
That is awesome!
Girl's night out are the best!
That's why I made my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City
Aw how i love my mum:'3
it would be even more terrifying if Champ Kind said WHAMMY!
with a German accent
the xz site claims 30 smaller output than gzip and 15 smaller output than bzip2 so if it lives up to its claims...
Thanks for the blog tweets!
Have a lovely Sunday!
Happy Holidays and safe travels from Elite Cake Creations!
Honestly, Greyhound by Swedish House Mafia is better than most sex
2 half pound burgers til 10pm.
Come and get it.
Getting ready for the movies!!
Gonna watch planet of the apes!: excited!
Go support your local record store today ..
RT The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
I wanna go to that secret spot u took me to a few yrs back.
My mom never say something bad about my personality.
And thats why this town is still too small
...so people wouldn't think I was the realtor Lori Miller or the cosmetic dentist Lori Miller.
no no no its not like that :p
is a dick!
Designing a Tumblr theme
Finally!
Lol.
If he's so consumed in his life affairs should I still persue him?
wit u and zoe
FinanceNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
OMFG THE APP FOR IPAD IS FINALLY HERE
I have been asked to give an addoctorss at online commencement of the Fullsale Khanaplan Academy Univeristy.
Congrats mister AHL player of the week!
Good luck in the Calder Cup Playoffs!!
Go ADS!!!
thank ya for the ff tweet!
i need a job asap!
Anyone else being logged out from Facebook constantly?
Or..
any idea why its happening to me?
no problem rafa .
.just dance is broken.
it only recives my movements half the time.
The moral of today's news on is don't run away from US Marshals with guns
So true!
Romney's like the kid who can't find his shoes.
Yesterday: Where are the jobs?!
Today: Never mind; found them!
Day 13: Middle of nowhere on the 80 in northern Nevada.
Reno to tonight.
14 shows in a row, and feeling it.
Happy Easter, we will be closed tomorrow Sunday in observance of the holiday.
Theres a dead person in my biology class today!
Okay, its just fake skeleton :P
thanks bro.
Good win for Hoyas!!
Otto played well after hit in the mouth
Is Austin done on the radio?
World peace LOL ron artest should have popped out right then LOL
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
My favorite is for your photo...not the fact that you lost your cherry garcia.
RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Granger unstoppable right now!
Going to bed listening to Bon Iver and texting Steph about our old memories 
haha word!
so many spellings, so little twitter space...
:
Closing Thursday night: 'The Artist', 'Coriolanus', 'We Have a Pope'  'The Perfect Family'
Tips For The Right Office Furniture  Decorating or redecorating an ...
It's snowing?
Tomorrow.
Sabres.
Scotland Yard Pub.
Beer/cocktails.
You heard me...
Rondo.
Stop.
they were sent today but looks like there is a delay.
If it doesn't arrive by morning I'll send again!
;
I dont like u
Noone scrubs the floor with Moves like Jaggar like THIS guy...
What do you hope most for in Life?
I thought I read Odd Future is going on juice cleanse, fast food is no joke.
I was like no way!
Then saw its Brite Future.
Air PantyAndStocking.
It doesn't have to be on Toonami.
Oh my god thank you for the follow!
This is crazy!
same!
Boys with tattoos are my weakness.
So hot.
HI BEEN BUSY WITH LITTLE MAN HE IS GROWING SO MUCH I LUV BEING MOMMY HUGS TO ALL
Data needs to be clean.
Garbage in garbage out.
Really?
o:
The AmazingAcro Cats  The Cell is officially sold out for the 4pm and 7pm shows tomorrow!!
Its funny that people think im sleeping when really my heads just down.
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY AND HAPPYMOTHERSDAY TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERS !!!!!
:  3 I LOVE YOU MOM
I'm in the market for that sweet taste of nectar but I'll settle for two cantaloupes and a cherry.
Crazy when a heart breaks in never breaks even 
: Holy cow RT : First Tornado to hit Henryville EF4, winds estimated at 175mph INwx I BELIEVE IT!!
Im Bored And Im Trying To KEEP Myself From Falling Asleep
lol interesting.
I decided not to say it though lol
When it back against the wall but you never give..In
RT lOl you mean THICKK i bet you over there hungry too .
!!
BET
I just downloaded the iPad app that lets you control your Comcast DVR.
Pretty slick.
Gatsby was such a damn bro
I KNOW RIGHT.!
Gonna give canned salmon a try for the 1st time in 20 years.
Wish me luck.
U gotta booty?
Good workout to relieve stress ah
my son and I saw you first in lobby when we came in.
You are a celebrity now!
Enjoy act 2.
Diana Ross is all over you can sit your nigger ass down black boy niggers sucks
Nothin' to see.
Our ambitions were politically squashed.
who me?
Lol
thuglife I get it
'At the first sign of trouble we run away' doctor Gerald Tanyi.
self interest
Get the inside scoop on Venicebiennale from Miami's Bonnie Clearwater.
Follow
Just because you apologized doesn't mean my heart is magically fixed,Biitch
has a new wine club!
can't wait for my first shipment, and extra miles!!
im reading that too
I followed you.
its good to have you guys back!
God bless!
and I don't stop until we get what's ours.
Goodnight!
See you in the morn.
Just watched BigTimeMovie?
best movie ever!!!!!!
Love Big Time Rush!!!!
KAY GUIZE I TURNED OFF THE TUMBLR POSTS TO TWITTER THING
TY : Innovation event Boston showroom !
Social media strategies shared by hosted by
Any publishers out there with resources for COUNTER compliance
Thank you for being so brilliant and cognizant of chapped little noses!
Just eat it already!
Opened Sherwin Family's Cellar Scraps 4 today.
Back in San Diego this weekend.
Spinning Friday  Stingaree and Saturday  Float.
5 weeks until Israel, Jordan, and Turkey!
I cannot wait...
what motivates me is my kids.Have to keep myself in da best health for them as well as myself.Im leading my babies by example.
Who do you hate more?
Yankees or the Red Sox?
lol Big T
Happy FollowFriday
Man the devil is BUSY!!
but when you're a child of God you know everything is already taken care of so there's no need to worry.
Maybe is readingRT : graduation's on ur bday and ur valedictorian y do u want something so impossible
: Can't wait to show you.
Hope all is well.
I'm still crutching it.
Will be back up there I think by the end of the month.
Weekend.
Ride, Cut and lime yard, finish door, choose counter color.
We form addictions to distract ourselves from ourselves.
Peel away what u r addicted to and, BOOM, there you are.
Be present 
TwoWordsThatTerrifyConservatives MADISON WISCONSIN
uhm i cant see you so i cant katie is in and out of he way
Boys that are tatted up .
Ima try to stay up tonight :
In Japan on New Year's eve, toshikoshi soba, symbolizing longevity, are served.
Speaking of devil, I was swimming with them this evening ;
Always weigh your options
Have you had a chance to listen to The Wanderer?
aw you're sweet : followed!!
will EAD eventually include images of all relevant documents if it doesn't already?
If only scanning were as interesting as writing.
Why do I have the Bee Gees in my head right now wtf
When your mom is on time to school and you are late...
i play the alphabet all the time with my friends now.
haha.
its so funn.
We are now selling seats in the balcony for Fanfara.
Call 5025847777 to hear tomorrow  the Kentucky Center
I don't see the problem...
Bruschetta a la carte: simply creative
Get your doctornking pants on; The captainin will be back Thursday!
Do you get ass by the pounds?
GOOD MORNING PITTSBURGH!
What's on your schedule for today?
Success is not apple pie and ice cream...Bambroke Santoyo.
I love all three but I love success most.
my smart phone is too stupid to realize the difference between a finger and a face.
Common rangers.
Wtf.
I can't stand Washington and thy need to go from this playoffs
Throws up in my mouth lmao
oh lighten up Chelsey
Welcome.
Heading out to ski Keystone with my nephew who's in the AirForce Academy  this will be a humbling experience!
Cant stand the sight of that mutt.
It be that way sometimes
Having a good time writing new material, booking shows, and planning our next recording.
What have you guys been up to?
People who try to doctorg race me  GTFO i dont do that shit
shout out to the guy who made my sandwich at that baltimore sub shop and told me osama bin laden was dead, one year ago today
it was meant to be.
Written in the stars!
If you can't be happy when you don't have what you want you'll never be happy when you get what you want.
oh my gosh i feel like im slow :
If you want the password for FREE COVER tonight, please text ENVY to 46786.
We'll send it out before 9pm :
I don't want to talk about it hahahahahaha.
I think this pussy up the street wants to suck my dick, he keeps offering to eat out my exes...
I keep losing my tumblr followers
With my baby .
reccommend u listen to my shows w cassidy mcmillan Rats and Bullies interviews she tells good stuff on doc making
: Jazz Musicians to Protest at 6 NYC Jazz Clubs Tonight
The Local Strangers and Squirrel Butter will be kicking off the Family Matinee Feb 4th!
Come out and enjoy!
sweet doctorams.
no we are not.
Who gone love you like ME?
NOBODY !
Pitt now  the doubletree hotel
Morning guys!
We want to announce that you can now search for jobs in CANADA, USA, JAPAN, UK, GERMANY!
www.joborworker.com
Last night's and show at ruled!
Thanks to all who packed the room
Welcome to the wonderful world of iOS 5.
Bye, bye Blackberry.
Back in the wrap area at the Xmas party!
Lots of kids and families!
Love ya too!
:
Any suggestions for where our chief meteorologist should go live in the 5  6 shows today?
What's happening this weekend?
The past is a good place to visit, but definitely not a good place to stay.
ME TO cross your fingers for me!
thank u babe :
That in Penn Hills is schmackin, DQ not so much
any1 know of any film that looks at women in the workplace?
I don't want to lecture for my 4 hour class tomorrow  least not the whole time!
I've just realised this is the 3rd Friday in a row I have been ill...seriously?
FF is starting to mean something much different in my world.
My girl Katy taught Russell a lesson in her performance at the Grammys.
Strong independant diva who don't need no man
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
1
Earl sweatshirt...
Tip: Mark valuables with the engraver.
Inscribe your WA or OR doctorvers license number.
Never use your Social Security number!
dodge ball tourney sucked.....
sweet!
Ok
It's almost time for WRESTLEMANIA !!!!!
Retweet with what match your looking forward to most!
that's pritty funny:
thanks bro, you'll be getting one soon or anything else you want made!
show some love to your Pacers and DC2...
We miss to in Indy!
Animal house is by far one of the best movies of all time.
I loved it, good shit!
Specially since you don't use any cues and stuff haha.
Nice job!
RightNow I am watching NCIS and replying to your Tweet :
Please note, we are starting at 2PM!!!!
for this Saturday's Flip Cup Tourney.
Mike Pomeranz wanted to fly to Germany to do a series of stories on Twins prospect Max Kepler.
They said no  that's why he took off for SD.
Really thankful I get to do what I want to do for a living.
Coach basketball
It compels me to think of a joke using 'fracking'.
Are you tired of not understanding where the food trucks will be?
Well problem solved.
Just FOLLOW me and ill tell you where they are.
: I love Sweetie Pies!!!!
Great Show....
He was in California to watch Mark Appel pitch IIRC.
.
is disgusted with the lack of professorssionalism by poker pros.
GET OFF THE BENCH  GET N THE GAME U CANT WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !!
WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
Monitronics is a Five Diamond Certified Central Station because of our commitments to quality and customer service.
lmao RT : Yoo before you ride around and spend it
I felt smug to be finishing in 1:45 on 26 nobbies.
Then I saw a giant man on a Hubway  in a tutu had bested me, and I was humbled.
What ever happened to Donell Jones?
I like big penis in the mornin 
may say 50 more times than LL cool J licks lips .
ya know bahahahah
First two picks were a given
I haven't recorded with it but the specs should be more than enough to do it.
It's basically a flat desktop computer.
2 more weeks till im outta modesto!
It goes down 
I Am What I Am And We Get It How We Live It
Any niggah that watch you up and down want something you got
Oh shit.
Big explosion at the substation near my apartment.
Power's out and there's a lot of smoke.
Congratulations to our students who are done with finals, and good luck to those who have not  so close to the finish line!
DYK?
Shirley Jackson,1st AA woman commissioner of the U.S.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission was a member of DST ..
holy shit.
Please tell me you said hi
:P just me being a dill weed
what's the R word?
But I Set Fire To The Rain :P
Comparison in looks and love is a disease.
This!
RT : Instead of complaining about someone on your TL unfollow them Viola ProblemSolved :
What a beautiful day!
Hiking in Griffith Park?
Or exploring at the Old L A Zoo?
It's always a good sign when people remember you at a callback
Wonders how much it would cost to eliminate all student debt?
What would you buy if you didn't have student
Prayers go out to Dick Clarks family and thanks for making every new years eve a rockin one
i don't think you have the right account, since i have no clue what you are talking about, haha.
sorry!
Met u after u opened for JL Hooker at Bumbershoot, gave u our CD, u said u had in ur player at home.
Fireball Brady!
see u tonight!
Happy Birthday, !
Have a fantastic day!
agreed.
any 9yr old who cares about trending needs to get smacked.
wishing there were more almonds in this cranberry/almond trail mix
Reps Crenshaw  Smith 2 launch Caucus on Effective Foreign Assistance today!
.
.
.
getting my roots done tomorrow 
JYJ should use mass text messaging to keep their fans up on their recent tour.
www.zesmo.com
LAUGHABLE GE filed TAX RETURN 14 BILLION professort  paid NO TAXES Obama appointed GE CEO Jeff Immelt to head his commission on job creation
100Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each  For July we will we be painting in southwest colors, sienna's, golds', all types of reds.
and the 1k advance for tinkers  won the pulitzer in fiction this year.
to quote ld: money should be made from book sales.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
Much to do.
Please make this a productive night...
p.s.
email me!
you never told me what happened last week!
opening a propel water bottle with a knife is illadvised...as my pointer finger would point out if it wasn't bleeding
Did you know we will serve more than 1,400 individuals and families with developmental disability this year?
Cranberries have numerous health benefits.
They are full of vitamin manganese.
The heat loss..
Chris Noah effect..
kno Indiana can Ball
just had 4 chicken biscuits myself, I don't like you either.
best receivers n the League!
The most underrated WRs 2 my favorite is JordyNelson!!
everytime he scores I scream JORDYYYYYY!
LieN on the floor I'VE COME UNDONE!!!!!
It is wise to be dispassionate about critical comments.
I'm wearing really warm thighhigh socks, but they keep sliding down.
/ How to fix this?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???..??.
Incidentally, widescale police militarization far precedes Occupy or 9/11, 's Overkill a good summary
Chocolate and coffee may be the only thing that keeps me from killing my dad tonight.
enjoy Thursday.
doctorin the house.
i'm in exit row.
attendant says, u can familiarize you with escape if you like in case plane crash.
Love saved my day
Greinke 2.0.
Except this is far worse RT : Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
Getting excited about all of the community projects that we have coming up!
Starting my summer off right ;
Dang 10 months already with him 3 , feels like its been way shorter
great show.
It's actually the President's favorite show too.
Ok Well haha were 9 hours behind u here in az
one of your court fines?
How am i suppose to heal you, if you don't tell me where it hurts
middle of nowhere
I do, but only because of the Rollerblade factor
shoutout to my newest followers and my frat brother
Developing Data Attribution and Citation Practices and Standards Intl Symposium and Workshop
...his most ludic and peculiar project to date.
FOLLOW my other account please!
I just made it today!
I follow back!
My mom woke up with a mini hangover..ctfu wow
: Indian people smell really good.
You are truly a team player and we as Ravens fans would be happy to have you here next year.
i swear to god if you don't shut up i'll will break your nose, it will look better :
Sounds delicious :
WHO hey ICONiacs I'm your new admini promise I'll be helping to keep this page active with imaginesICONic Factsmore Rebecca
Did Steve Carrel turn to his wife and say that was just okay about the opening..
If you do not have a guy that does not mean you should settle for any crap
I am often befuddled by the disparity between Amtrak and airplanes every time I research a trip.
Man.
Between Toobin on SCOTUS and Coll on Exxon  PACs, this week's New Yorker is really depressing
RT : Cultural Competence Key to Biz Success, professortability.
SHRM Announces Final Lineup, diversity conf., Oct.
2426 in DC...
im sho still up wish we was texting each other doe
I just can't wait to be king!
First day of summer school.
Who is ready for some WeekendEats?
:
Does she know about the times u used to hold me wrapped me in ur arms and how u told me im the only one...u had the BEST days of ur life
Interesting...
from Yahoo!
News: Accidental 911 calls are 38 of all emergency calls in NYC: Buttdials on rise.
I can taste my eye doctorps...eww
Tonight's pint night is staropramen!
The glasses are quite nice:
Sure, no problem I talked with Kathy of for an article and enjoyed learning about the group
I have make up smeared everywhere.
It looks like I got punched in the eye lol.
SustUnbound is motivation for action INSTRUMENTAL or resultant impact on self  others?
I think there's a Murphy's law for that!
Had similar experience with dishwasher.
Working as usual!
Can't get enough of it!!!
:D
Crossovers: Practice crossing over between snare and floor tom  between rack and floor toms.
Slow to fast!
hmm.
I may reconsider my position then...
Nite, Tweeters.
Starting the week off in church.
It's called James Bond Unmasked and will be available on Amazon.
I interviewed all six actors and chronicle the evolution.
PP is the major deliverer of health care to poor women.
It's not the only venue, just the most important one.
: Kinsey thinks I got the bronchitis, Jesus!
So to honor my bronchitis, I didn't wear my shoes or nothing.
Do you have time for this?
Excellent pics.
Great to c dialogue and exchange btw/such an impressive Pakistan delegation  influential US policymakers!
3 thx!
RT : Had a nice chat getting to know more about and the great arts edu work they do w/ youth in the Bronx.
Exhausting day, but so excited to see the semweb  lodlam communities converging tonight at
Rules say no laptops/tablets on bench.
Lakers mad.
Nuggets LOL.
Could be a big fine for Nuggets, but maybe not.
Much ado, etc.
: Me: I know a gay guy that sounds like an owl.
Friend: Who?......
Fuck you.
LMFAO I'm using this on someone tomorrow 
Day 1 down ....3 more if I can get through today's 9:30am 9pm it'll e smooth sailing...
my students love this app so does this SLP
alright thanks
Slick work on IMA's new site.
Like the megamenus and stream.
HTML looks clean under the hood.
Nice job on the mobile site too.
Ha.
Okay.
Japans earthquake and tsunami was on 3.11.10.
on friday.
Not on thursday..
Thanks for coming over today!!!
no you didn't!
Keep your head up don't lose your confidence because of one off day!
I have the biggest crush on a straight boy!!!!!!
I'm FUCKING SLEEPING guise, stahp bothering me.
IF my life was a tv show, new episodes would air thursday nights at 9...
Yo.....what y doing tomorrow
that pic is bad ass!
I did mufucka and tell me why I put you in a rap wen I was freestyling at sku lol it was raw
just something i like to bangs out on the keyboard
I'm the TOPFLIGHT bitch, ride or die, I know u wanna slice of my pie.
I'm all bout dis PAPER GAME, now get yo butt naked ass up, SALUTE!
PEACE OUT SPRING SEMESTER 2012
Stay Classy3
Heading to Portugal!!
Vistas here I come!
that's why you guys haven't seen me!
Yes, multiple different consoles.
No love on any different consoles.
Yeah Im Going To Sleep With Youur Jacket You Gave Me , Even Tho Were Not Together .
I Still Caree
thanks my friend!
stay in touch :
after further review, it's cheaper for me to stay in my apartment until the end of my lease than it is to move out
just got a jolt of AWAKE from a laser treatment.
All good now.
:
Upgraded from saltine crackers to popsicles...woo
Watching Kenny Chesney: Summer in 3D!
We had a fantastic lunch!
watching Shark Tank
I can't still on Skype lolol Skype after dark bitch ;
: You are the doctoramsmith, able to mould your life into the shape you wish.
Rudy Gay
Want an original MIKELPATRIK at an incredible price?
Check out an artomat location in a city near you!
For Christmas you should follow EVERY ONE of our followers.
Click through the list and follow them all!
They're good people!
uh oh.
Because she's not logged in?
Will have a look.
Hope for Women Magazine will be there!
Looking forward to it!
:
Sounds like a Crossfit workout.
Thank.
You!
Tired of ppl using the internet to complain about spoilers.
RT : Sorry.
I suggest not using things like the internet
I was trying to send you a message but it wouldn't go thru.
I was STARVING.
No lunch no dinner.
I like great songs.
Doesn't really matter the genre 3
I'm sorry Diddy Dirty Money.
No disrespect intended
you're welcome!
in the bathroom at the library Lasy walked in then quickly walked out lol
To the dudes pretending to throw their girlfriends off a bridge into the Milwaukee River:
zonamaco12 ruining my sleep patterns
What sort of lunch special would YOU create?
Thinking of a day a week where you decide what's served that day.
What say you?
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein
At the end of my career I wanna be able to say I have fought the good fight, I finished the race, I HAVE kept the faith.
Great quote from Cory Doctorow in NYT article.
He gives away ebook versions of some books.
...my problem isnt piracy.
.
.Its obscurity.
Kobe and the lake show.
2 minutes in signing with today I had an audition lined for for later on!
So great!
Really mom?
Well, without Peyton Hillis we do need a fullback.....
Thank God It's Friday!!
Stop in for a bite from our Small Plates menu in the lounge and enjoy our Happy Hour doctornk specials from 4:007:00pm
slskey Go, learn and build relationships
testing a tab
Who wants two FREE movie tickets?
Tell us what movie you want to see to enter!
Multiple entries accepted!
Beer is now cheaper than GAS!
Which is more reason to not doctornk and doctorve!
some of those pistachio commercials have me rollin'..
HI TINA :
Beach, tan, beach, tan, beach, tan!
PlansForTheSummer :
I love 3
First day of hitting time to weed out the weak
There's nothing like Girl Scouts coming to your door and buying a box 'cause they're adorable :
Thanks for the idea!
That kind of thing would probably be perfect for the Market Days downtown next month.
My assumption is that they would keep the Rams with the 49ers, and the Vikes in the North.
Moot point now, I guess
when aren't I happy talking to you
hopes calmoots embraces the guitar game.
Dirty sprite and doctor is all i know.
Will standing on my head help ideas to flow better?
preach.
RT : inthe90s I had an unhealthily close relationship with my Tamagotchi
what makes you think one isn't already on the way?
Dear soundtrack to The Saint, Thanks for making everything possible.
Love, SpeedyKyle
Watch T.I.
Tiny: The Family Hustle Episode 9 
Yadadadada I mean
Angela Corey is not giving up info no matter how many times reporters ask the same question in a different way.
I had the same exact thing for an afternoon snack.
Yum!
A lot of familiar faces from the Boston doctorpal Design Camp
The smoking lounge in BNA is much nicer than I thought it would be...
Mothers Day to Fathers Day Special is coming soon!
Watch for a Beginnings Bulletin announcing special prices.
RT if you know who Jenna Marbles is .
:
Using my dildo tonight!!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why?
I Said you look fat!
lol oh yeah
but when we lived together in NYC, Holland and Denmark, she could whip up some amazing creations with just our sad lil hot plate!
smiling no matter what!
Have an amazing day my friends!!
Thank you for all of your support  shopping with DND DESIGNS smiles...
Need to get a better seat for my bike.
Biking 20 miles made my butt hurt.
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try taking up a new sport
don't give up!
I want to meet them so bad I am so obsessed with them!
Y do they have 2 be so gorgeous?!
Hope all the college students enjoying their summer so far be safe out there where ever you are
funnier if you said WWIIUS wasn't in WWI for more than 2 years ;
What2ChainzWouldSay: 1 Neck, 2 Chainz, 3 Cars, 1 Range, I Take Your Girl, She Pay The Bills, Then I Put Her To Sleep NYQUILLLLLLL !!!!
I'm going to be a goddamn mess
I thought you'd like that.
Had too share.
hope u made it home ok!
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
The unexpected awkwardness of no awkwardness at all..
Competition isn't always by your side?
Loved seeing old LA friends at ideation12 dinner tonight
Stealing from the poor and giving to the rich.
Amazing finish!!!
RT : KennyPowers can not be destroyed.
RT 75 yrs ago today GM workers in Flint took over the factories  occupied them for 44 days.
They won,  the middle class was born.
nice.
I don't know who i'd want on my Portugal Euro jersey this year.
I might get the person who should be there, ;
Dudes jealous/worried bout sumthin that aint there, douchebag.
Bynum is such a little bitch sometimes
good morning
im thirsty but i dont wnna get up
You are so CREEPY
Gurrrrl, preach it!
shopping for you?
I didn't say you asked...
when r u coming to Phoenix?
The meeting was a good learning experience.
So much brain power!!!
: 1.
Vodka is made from potatoes.
2.
Potatoes are vegetables.
3.
Vegetables are good for you.
You're welcome.
hitting the LosAngeles streets June 16th.
it's vacation time
Ha!
Truth.
Getting as much a head start as I can, but counting on that last minute lightning inspiration...
on a mission
and I'm Casey Jones:show up every few episoes w sporting equipment.
ScienceChatUpLines I must be sin2x and you must be cos2x , cause if you sum it together the answer is 1
Ahaha I don't be getting on this that's why lol today was the most I've tweeted in a while
you guys covered as far as cam/lighting/editing goes?
thank you that means alot
Is the watch party for MVP season ticket holders only?
A good girl with standards that I can introduce to the fam 
Is anyone actually going to ACL this year?
Seems like EVERYONE is trying to unload tix on Craigslist.
Most women are modivated so i act accordingly,But This is so refreshing it means a little more to me !
SLAPPIN
finals sucked dick.
some time at the pool should be relaxing
so we have mars, hendoctorx or jagger for puppy names so far...what do u think?
eeeep!
cant wait.
3
Love this image!
ha ha ha, that's so funny the last time i heard that i laughed so hard i fell off my dinosaur!
HIW...sounds like a new STD.
you serious ???
Awwwe man
If everyone is tired of all the people in their town and all the doctorma then branch out and make new friends from other places.
Not hard lol
Hey.
Newt just criticized the news media.
Your favorite Latino, Diego Orbegoso, here.
I can honestly say Bookinaday is phenomenal.
The cover design is looking sick!
Follow back bro.
Dirty Joke Alert!
Coming in 2 min.
For more, follow us
Elevator convo with a man.
Told him I was from a reporter from ROC.
He sighs, says: Kodak was like Apple when I was growing up.
InstantTurnOn Cook for me
thanks for the kind words Daynah.
Keep improving those typing speeds!
haha too easy
anyone know what's up with the firetruck at vinegar hill?
hearing a lot of sirens.
Me and are falling for hard....
Fantastic weekend.
2 accepted offerrs and one waiting.
Great time to list your house.
Call me for proven results 5854552443
Are you still creeping biebs..?
BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..?
ILY TO DEATH....
Getting no sleep cause I'm on baby night shift :
Dear 8 pound 6ounce newborn infant Jesus dont know a word yet just a lil infant so cuddly but still omnipotent, help our
damn I was ripped
i had to answer it.
i used a wonderful source i found too, believe it's called common sense
haha yeah3 but sadly i wont be able to attend her show in NYC tmister :
interesting.
How come there is a strong perception that Seattle is a depressingly wet city?
It's fun to do a comedy and hook people in and then hoodwink them into watching a serious movie
Hi , great to see you on Twitter.
We still love what you did for our place here in SFB, how are you?
I'm a email you a contract price list now...
Who wants tickets for the 26th?
It's Friday and weather is amazing!
I'm going to eat beer for lunch!
It's a miracle I no longer have to cleeeaann inlove with the cleaner
Green Century to host free ewaste collection event this saturday 11 to 3 at the new Ultimate Electronics store ..
www.ecycleoregon.com
Welp there goes the Bulls season.
Let's just give the Miami Heat the trophy already and sit patiently till football season.
Media Earnings Beat Expectations on Higher Advertising and Digital
Tickle tickle
Haven't seen you for awhile browser.
How's it going
Thank you.
Wiped out.
I'm so tired that I can't think straight
Loving the Blue Star happy hour for
I say whatever im thinking
yo yo.
Had the latest vintage of Tous Syrah last night....damn fine!
Similar oak program to 09?
You're adorable, lolol.
I guess we'll have to spend more Fridays there!
:D
hahaha!
Oh munch bar..
I should go there again..
you definitely outkicked your coverage.
:
Follow our New Up Cominq Group at
I do love the Roman Mysteries series.
But I'm kind of surprised that there aren't many other options.
Track meet !!
oh cool that's great
I my love
MT : I've had meaningful collaborations w/people I haven't even met.
True.
WOO!
FOUR NEW HOLES IN MY HEAD OH YEAH.
M, MC pie!
Playing a show in our hometown of Cincinnati SATURDAY NIGHT at come doctornk bourbon...
damnit

thanks!
we try really hard to continually improve our awesomeness.
glad it's working :
Slides look nice, and thanks for the shoutout 
Me  the fam are hittin up tonight!
Can't wait for those sour cream  chive fries!
Heavy stuff.
Hope it doesnt go in vain.
How come America doesn't have those crazy high speed trains Europe has?
hm palo or arbor view..
Averted by some happy stroke of fortune
Check out our label Hieroglyfics at: ://www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyficsLet us know what you think.
lol my 3yr old niece repeated me once and said dang gurl could have been worse
Just when I thought it was safe to open mail box.
Crap Jury Duty notice this should be fun.
At least no governors are on trial.
Pandora, how exactly does Modest Mouse fit into my Coil radio station?
Lisbeth Salander might be my fav character ever.
I'd name my daughter Lisbeth, but that'd be like naming your son Oedipus.
Or something.
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low.
Establish a beautiful balance between content that helps your audience find what theyre looking for easily, without overwhelming them
Success is for those who know what they want and go after it.
Jacques A.
Nasser
Internet has been down all morning  work but I've managed to look busy while avoiding working on my monthly report.
I'm a slacker genius.
What do I have to do get to follow me?!?!?
I vote for him every week
The things I gt myself into
Supposedly a Stone Cold Steve Austin reference.
u got it bro
Listenin to Only Girl by Rihanna RT if u member wher this song is from memories :
I kno u liked it
Romantic movies give unrealistic expectations to women about men  ruin relationships..Porn has the same affect on men
Thank you for following!
Floriole is one of our favorite spots in the city to eat, meet and work.
pimp walking n disappearing like always lol
Ah, each dev is responsible for maintaing the strings file.
: I lived that pain and saw the light of genstrings at Apple.
TY!
RT A big cheers to our new followers!
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
Unknown
you got this!
Kane is going down!
RT : RT : Stealing honey.
I need to beehive myself lol
Last PGH sports officiating blunder this bad was the Bettis coin flip.
Steelers tanked after that.
What happens now to Bucs?
someone like you, Rollin in the deep, chasing pavements
happy birthday, HJH!
You crazy, entertaining, song star, you!
Well I'm just about finished with ISF..
now flying out to Minnesota in the morning!
Haircut?
Check.
Wait, is this a sharpie?
Ugh!
I probably shouldn't have put the check mark on my head.
keep those people in check lmao
I've been twice but only to the new one, never to the Ryman, even though I grew up in Nashville.
Keeping certain dishes dirty so I can't use them to make more pie.
Badgers just can't miss.
Taylor hits another 3.
UW is 7 of 12 from downtown
Thanks to a wonderful trio of guest speakers last night: Stephen Marinaccio, Ron Frankel  Bill Dance.
You gave us all a lot to think about.
Thanks to all who have been helping us spread word about our CNN headline yesterday.
It means the world to many childoctorn!
Tough story today.
Getting arrest affidavit in case of woman accused of allowing several men to have sex with her daughter.
Story at 6.
stranded in Denver by United incompetence.
The most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor...is the mind of the oppressed.
Steve Biko
When you call republicans on the lies they tweet they block you.
Glad to see they have gotten a handle on their anger issues.
mm English schools:xx
we can't wait to hug you!
People always think I do that on purpose .
Brooklyn Babylon a brilliant new multimedia collaboration between composer Darcy James Argue and artist Danijel Zezelj debuted tonight WOW!!
First rule of marketing  know your audience!
Women over 30 could care less about Bieber.
: Then stick up for Carissa but don't tweet about how Amanda is fat cus clearly you need to look in a mirror HAHAHAH
I seldom reply to your tweets, but I certainly don't ignore them.
Did they really define ignore as not replying?
haha killin as well bout to go to a beach bash
Everybody and my beloved twitter frenz pls follow me
Thanks for the one handed follow!
Finally bought my ticket for ALA.
Whew.
Also, doctorving up to see my mom/hometown for a few days beforehand!
Yippee!
agreed  bill frisell has been one of my faves for years  try writing to him
Right!!
She says he weighs 32 pounds!
I haven't seen in over a year.
I miss him.
:
It would be I would cook her dinner  we would have a movie marathon including all the Harry Potter movies.
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
Ahh.
Yep, that was it.
I wish the message would have specified...
I'm in now.
Thanks!
mobilairtech.com one of our clients was at the CTIAWIRELESS.com show
Why God created it for marriage only.
RT : Sex really complicates things.
19 has been a great year..
God, My Family,  Mentors are Constantly Correcting, Loving ,  Protecting.
20ies Is Going To Be Spectacular.
ALCL on the run thin on level 2
If I Had A Gun everybody that gets on my nerves would be dead n I would be doing life 0o
Sum ppl gettin me fuckd up wit sum average rappers thinkin ill be garbage n wont bother 2 listen.
But once they listen find out watz good
I need someone to talk to who will actually LISTEN, not just pretend ...
I do like Batman.
I will go see the new movie that comes out on July.
Classic HipHop albums on vinyl are some of the ThingsILookFor!!
Smoked Gouda mac  cheese with a glass of wine is a sure fire way to raise one's spiritsjust saying
Agreed.
Football is a physical game  but knowing what we know about concussions...it's sickening.
woohoo congratulations to you too!!!
:
People treat each other well when they r in front of each other, that's easy.
2 b able 2 respect each other while U are apart, that's love.
I need a hat
Playing some good baseball ugla just hits a homerun we need too keep this up lets go
PhotoServices OnLocation Studio What part of NC u in?
back off DUFF
Dayton says he's not willing to make barbaric cuts that will hurt the most vulnerable.
Proposes 3 billion in tax increases on wealthy.
don't you put that evil on me!
Motherfuckers who threw pennies at my car I will fucking find you
I thought I wanted a career.
Turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Monday is DadVlog day!
baked relaxing before work
LocalBonus is proud to be a part of ERA2 www.betabeat.com/2012/01/09/entrepreneursroundtableannouncesclassforsecondaccelerator/
The ?
Isn't: what r my limits?
The ?
is: why do I limit?
haha not at the moment : but I'll let you know!
Try to keep up.
Sorry to hear that!!
Renter's insurance is usually pretty cheap per month and definitely worth every penny.
Hope you're OK!
Morning, looks like we are going to have a beautiful day!
lovin the weather!
68 and sunny
Still cleaning strong.
Late night
I get twitter, get bored, n move on 2 Instagram.
Im such a TrendFollower smfh
what's you favorite song?
: My parents are cooking a spicy, Indian dinner for my inlaws tonight.
I am in denial:
That 70's Show can always make my day better.
: stillhadashittydaybutwhatever longhashtags I'm such a cool kid.
we will be having a another twitter contest coming soon where the winner will be in our magazine!
Also guys....Ben Stiller is real short.
laying at home with my little kitten talking to you 
I can't handle my twitter feed without you!!!
COME BACK TO ME MY MINAJESTY!
Kimmel just did same Hillary Clinton joke as Letterman did 10 minutes ago.
Showed old tanned lady as being Hillary...
I really can't believe you just had the balls to text me.
Get outt my face , youre not worth my time.
I'm off this, night tweeters
Day 2 down of rawfast  feeling much better now than during first day.
Productivity at an alltimehigh  Hungry, but not physically
deepest thing u ever said to me.
BTW howd u get 2k followes ur not that likeable a lawyer
What's future of aggregation?
robowriters?
: No way 2 prepare for 2022.
Need workable principles not rules
Happy New Year Everyone!
how do you know
STEVE BLAKE
smoke signals say Weeden won't get by Cleveland at 22nd pick
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do all that they ever doctoramed of so they can see that it's not the answer.
I have a hectic schedule this semester.
How about you?
That Nap Though .
haha suck it up buttercup jk
Whoever hates doctorgon's Lair was too poor to play the game repeatedly.
Or didn't have a 3DO.
Good Morning Beautiful People!
This is the day that the Lord has made I shall rejoice and be glad in it!
LOL...that's the same bunch that compared Siva to Wall.
That's like comparing a turd to a Reese's Cup.
We love ur show Guy,check out our new food concession at KONEZEE.
Keep up the good work!
A novelty new item ,pizza in a kone!
God loves a lullaby in a mother's tears in the dead of night, better than a Hallelujah sometimes.
THANK YOU LORD FOR ANOTHER DAY
In a beer pong comp.
At puttnys right now!!
I get so frustrated when I can't make the simplest thing on my comuter work.
I need to date a best buy GEEK.
lol
East soundz like the west, north like the south s'all good, a good sound izza good sound period
Setting my goals for today right now!!
What's yours?
More Brazil Bob0Link is here...
Lots of roasting happening tomorrow.
Thank You Have a fun weekend!
I own a modeling site called Namingthenameless Sming...
Check it out on facebook!
want us to set up a bday party for you?
Soo sleepy...
Must rally to go out!
Let me guess: it's an iPhone 3G like my dinosaur that crawls on iOS 4.2  needs memory clear or reboot hourly
yeah, i'm in.
just let me know when.
I see you Eloy!
rocking out to TheTime by the black eyed peas with !!
:D
Thankfully, Hope he's alright that was quite a match he got caught up in
I am thankful to all those who said NO to me.
It's because of them I did it myself.
Albert Einstein
Let's just cut to the chase here: Bah humbug
Watching CollegeOfCharleston at Davidson
Main Event intros are underway!
Lange/Shields for WBC USNBC Super Welterweight!
boxing ms
At Woodbine today, like 4 Sharons Prince and 5 Cardiac Rehab in the 9th.
trinamahone  FOLLOW HER !!
ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!!
Laura Lynch,Worldwide Contamination Dumping radioactive water in2 Pacific O constitutes potential triggerof global radioactive contamination
A good reminder that I have work waiting for me prepping some of ours to go on the web.
Thanks!
I love you!
And you need to calm yourself, girl.
oh yeah....well and and I had brownies in ours...so take that!
RT : MLB.com always used Flash, but video was WMV.
Last year they had SL as WMV client.
If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help
Murs in the house
So is the best and got me chocolates for vday...and i just ate the whole box
It's Friday!
Which means it's time to make every muscle in my body beg for mercy!
Haha!
Pool party at my house everyday lol

this might sound a lil messed up ..but I would get that girl pregnant on purpose
A woman's polite devotion is her greatest beauty  African proverb.
Happy Mother's Day
RT : But, in other news, we received some awesome design and user interface advise from over at !
cool story.
RT Im read  play Avengers 4 Dylan's this tweet: Avengers was incredible but really Avengers was incredible!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Dallas?
Paul Pierce block!
One good way to stay on target to reach your doctoram is to Wake up curious, and determine to get a answer.
Congrats on winning EPT Copenhagen.
One of the good guys.
ah, well I'm hyped for Guardians of the Galaxy, fingers crossed for Rocket Racoon!
Well it depends.
Are you looking at Meeting Center?
How many participants?
thanks for the follow
Thank U for the follow, keep doin good.
Friday Humor: It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
Darrin Weinberg
uco is playing no games right now
Just got this great PPR doctorft guide from Some really great in depth writing; you should check it out.
Thanks again guys
Our George Strait Christmas CDs have arrived!...the holidays are officially here
u r awsome call me im almost home lol 3 miss u lets do somtin tomorrow come get my nails done wit me lol
While Validation::Class 5.50 is not intended to be an object system or Moo/Moose compatible, it is becoming a viable alternative
I am the next best thing.
Check me out in my LIVE PERFORMANCES and you will be see.
www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
my two year old nephew said he wants u to come to his bday party n june 11 he said he wants u to sing for him
only thing to be ashamed of is not starting a local archery club tonight!
Go follow doin good for kids :
Thanks for the follow also follow my personal page  music over 
Magic mother fucker...
Off to train at !
I've got some new goals for May, so I'm getting a head start.
I just filled out my absentee ballot for to be Wisconsin's next Governor and to be the next Lt.
Governor!!!
I cried because you're a perfect human being.
Doing makeup work is NOT the business right now .
I regret not doing them on time.
Dezmon is so cute ;
Congrats to the on an amazing win last night!
What an honor to be able to attend the Rose City's 1st ever MLS game!
God will never give you more then you can handle .
So just saddle up and get riding .
With spring break!!!!!!!
he was like, i'm gonna tap that, and she was like, as soon as your here nd he was like, let's go
Slumlord Studios Hoping to be played on The Radio Cafe Indie Music Countdown!
Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Just 3 more weeks til we're in woohoo!
Crazy day today.
Crazy day.
XD
ff  beep, beep, beep who is in her home away from home
I need a haircut
Oh my god I'm gonna die.
Serious food poisoning.
:O it hurts so bad.
Cara wins!!
This is proof that for a leader your fashion inner voice should be the last voice you listen to.
Just left the movies ThinkLIKEMan it was such a good movie surprisingly.Now I am feeling all giddy and want 2 fall in love
TSA said today they aren't planning any changes to current procedure.
no it dont get much better lol.
JOSHIE i got this coolies and cream chapstick that girls keep telling me smells amazing.
hint hint
No Ya Ass Out Hun
Just made some of the best pancakes
he's 22, there's no hope
Opinions on 'salary history' for job apps?
Show you can follow instructions by obeying or does inclusion hurt more than help?
SOMEONE IS LOSTI NEED TO GET BACK ON CAMPUSFUCKING STUDY
Weight watchers is working...
2.8 pounds my first week.
Yay
I take it the swipe date didn't go so hot.
Let's hear it.
Who pulled the disappearing act?
I am ready to get off work and take my ass to sleep.
HAHAHAHHA this will be great:
So concise, so smart.
What's High School For?
from
milk was a bad choice
Can i take you out to dinner when i get back.
anything going on?
Christina Perri said it best A Thousand Year!
But they for sure weren't called YA.
When did asking someone to the prom become such a public display?
Now that we're gearing up for Fall, you can enjoy the warm comfort foods you desire  just watch your portion sizes.
There are things you want to do.
There are things you have to do.
And then there's television which most often ends up being neither.
I think it's answer your phone day in the library.
/ Happy belated birthday, guys!
Hope the party was a good one...
Recently heard from my friend Kim Kirmeier, who just joined a really cool training, video and LMS company called Badiyan.
Discovered that I
I would say in some cases it can
No practice tommisterw yeah !
They still in there?
Has Gregg taken them hostage, the way he's already done with orioles fans?
I walk outside everyday and instantly start sneezing.
Allergy life.
Wow whats up with Elliott's 5 Hole???
Looking like Fleury out there!
Affiliate call up??
Philosoraptor: If steroids are illegal for athletes, why isn't autotune illegal for musicians?
thanks so much for the follow!
Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or furniture!
Major considerations shaping the work we do: storage has been moving offsite, that docs are migrating to digital forms
Few men have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
There are three types of people, people that can count and people that can't
stop it..stop talking like that  Ron Burgundy
SENDING OUT POSITIVE ENERGY 
Without Artie and now 24/7 AGT talk during extremely limited schedule, maybe that would have been for the best.
My dad boutta go take a shit  i wont be able to get in the bathrokm to do my hair ...
Ya i know Ricky..
and add me on facebook we can talk more about bringing you aboard the promoting team for Xclusive Records
69Factsaboutme 28.
I HATE severe storms.
Reminds me of Adam Zagajewski's 'A Defense of Ardor' highlights waining power of sarcasm, irony.
Great poet/good essayist.
The only thing I Hate is Hate.
Fun Fact Friday: Long gone are the days of 1st, 2nd  3rd class passengers, or the wealthy receiving better treatment on a cruise.
Who's coming over?
I got sauerkraut.
already booked up tonight, sorry to miss you.
Definitely hope to catch you again soon.
Fucking so damn cold
im rey get out this car like seriously ,
Try this proteinpacked chipotle  orange chicken recipe from for dinner tonight to amp up the p in your diet!!
Wise decision to complete prereqs at a much lower price point through community college vs a state or private school.
Then we find out the man had NO political affiliations and lets flash ahead to how Gov walker has been treated
Nope, perfect and very fair response.
Love it!
Now I am officially on my way to Galveston!
Only about 12 min until the Casey Anthony verdict!
I can't wait to hear if she'll be found guilty  what she'll be found guilty of!
My ex sent me a picture of her having sex with her new boyfriend.
I sent it to her daddy lbs
Keep up the great work!!
:
Thanks for following!
Wish I got the chance to talk with you during GuardianChat last week :
Please support TeamLNC  our S.O.R support group for LGBT teens who have tried to commit suicide
Going for a run today.
torture Here we go!
wedding tonight  i have a cold.
super.
Food comma lol  : Ate burger king and now sleepy af !
you can do it!
Congrats.
Sammy James pink
Who's trying to
Let's dig in ladies!!!
ImisterallyGoodAt Saying I'm going to work out and eat healthy, but never doing it!
Lol
There's no time like the present!
I'm ready when you are!
RT : Dorothy Brown robocall complains that white media never supports black incumbents, claims endorsement by President Obama.
OK, I'm embarrassed to admit.
I have no idea what derp refers to.
What do you think ranking for mortgage calculator is worth?
Summer Fridays are the Life
All High school students fox local news is filming  1640 West Main Street OKC, OK at 5:45am support your school
pulling for our favorite for ACM Entertainer of the Year!

how many weeks til race day?
3 weeks !
My last long run is Saturday before the taper off.
Stoked.
I'm curious, did mirror writing work well for you?
I wanted to suggest it to my school for some of the the kids I work with!
I wish I could do more 4 my fam.
Malinowski: Ibrahim Sharif is a prominent Sunni opposition figure, govt doesntwantyou to know so you think it's a sectarian issue
AG Holder on Trayvon case: if we find evidence of criminal action, we'll take appropriate action.
Chiming in late from Mom's to say yes!
I'll be back in NYC by then.
Heading to SD to hang out with my mom and hang out with family.
This is going to be fun or scary.
Or both.
Ty Lawson is killn it!
This is gonna be an amazing game
Jesus I love you no matter what!!
Work on me Lord!!
For your glory!!
You will never live life beyond your wildest expectations until you have some wild expectations!
Just registered to take a test to be on Jeopardy.
What??
Happy Birthday..
Come win 9 with UK, join
gotta be peaches and Brussels.
Or plum and garlic.
Or mango and tomato.
Tough call.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
The entire Filipinos community is so proud of MannyPacquiao defeat against !!!
Congratulations to
so im assuming that's Andoctorw Cedermark, Angels and Airwaves, and then David Baker Benson?
You had me der
did it make you feel manly?
i think it would...im considering the mullet look...........
Zito can hit.
This is bizarro land.
This LightCasting has taken on a life of its own.
I've been put in front of several opps to connect people or get connected.
I'm HONORED!
: I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know NOTHING.
Socrates TheAgeOfNothing
I am going to lay down, not think, go to sleep, wake up and everything will be just fine..
right?: ok!
Tomorrow should be chill:
sadly so much data is missing from easy public access.
The only thing I can say right now is Thank God.
I have been seriously blessed
A detective came to a blondes house and asked her where she was between 4 and 6, she replied Kindergarten.
DidYouReallyJust put meh out there of what i did n 8th gradee
If you actually watched the black frame, you would see some 'maya frame' stuff, which clearly means that this isn't finished
love how ordering from the UK is cheaper than buying in the US including shipping
Caren Kelleher from Google speaking: danger in relying on building marketing and brands via other platforms entirely.
Nectarines are in season now!
Bought some very sweet ones from farmers market today.
Make sure you buy organic ones.
Heading downtown for the City Council meeting  vote on the proposal for K St.
Hugely important for downtown!
Are you going?
Hangover no buenos
RT : Firings continue.
Bengals released their Off Coord.
I'm still in shock.
Had no idea they had one.
Snowstorm in Edmonton after a week of warming.
Is it Nature's April Fool's joke?
Welcome back!
I loved your first new show!
Loved it so much im listening to it over again on the repeat broadcast
Oh you know where your heart is!
I'd bet you a beer on the game, but you're a student and beer is expensive!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are online services that help separated parents and their kids share information and schedule visits.

haha!
We may come knocking on your door one night...impressive.
Apparently a/c not coming back for 3 weeks!
Even incarceration.
In MI, 30K spent per inmate.
Students7K.
Uhshut?
you better get all rolled up to make it a pretty day
Dig.
Deeper.
RT : 1st day of May was INSANE!
And by that, I'm referring to the insanity workout we just did.
WOW.
cant believe you're almost to 90k!
Remember when you barley reached 5k during abdc?
Wow
I support which is why I tried to build a coalition with OccupySD re: bank bailouts but y'all just want to burn stuff
Watch for feedback while livetweeting.
If crickets, maybe move along to another issue, say 
Listening to
Trying to watch commercials and television shows keep getting in the way..
I'll post it to YouTube.
She can make babies for me.
Abed Oh, and I can't!
Troy
: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
You have to be kidding!!!
.
is this right?
twitterlesson?
I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background
we are getting a redesign on the logo...
someone recognized our cypress tribute and now it's no fun
Thanks to , and for the mentions!
Testicles.
Sounds like a Greek God.
ROI of social media is that your business will still exist in 5 yearsEric Qualman
And Crocodo works great for collaborative feedback on pdfs.
hopefully that's good because he says he is flattered.
Fake friends would be sad for you but real friends will be devastated and balling with you
good morning ana!
discusses are sharing stages of grieving useful or is the experience just too individual.
AskTVdoctoryour ?s about grief now.
I was indifferent before it was indifferent to be indifferent
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Adolf Hitler
BumMode activated.Going to find me some penguins in this snow.
Need to find some gloves first
yea, let's hope this great nation isn't doomed to 4 more years of the same old spending.
We can only print so much b4 collapse
no his eye...
hope it gets better for the game
K.
Still don't understand, but that's cool.
If I were a Republican I would vote for whoever loses in
Who would you like to see professorled in upcoming issues?
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee??
Good!
Go forth and rep it for all the
Teacher or student?
Solid list.
Curious how a film like doctorVE plays with the readership
is officially SOLD OUT!
See you tonight!
runinoftheday  my grandmother's sorority sister's daughter giving a food tour cc:
wow that's what you call a good return on investment, PBS is beyond excellent
no worries...sometimes you just gotta walk away...lol
Yeah I am!
Do you know any good songs?
ready for more notes!
Nobody cares?
Okay..
This Junebug is smarter than most...it went quiet as soon as I picked up my bokken and challenged it to a fight to the death.
doctort.
i bullshit my way through life, wish i cared
Why does it always have to be about you?
Suggestion: Avoid the inbox spam when a client signs a document and include similar subjects together in a thread.
With at Stage 773 for their production of Betty
just caught up on last sherlock .
What are your speculations?
good point.
So, how are you?
;
Looking forward to T3 event tomorrow at Nutz.
Once met Amazing author and brewer.
The royalwedding and homemade pancakes.
A nice start to a Friday!
In the midst of color correction for Looking good and we're almost there!
So put ur purse down and take off ur jacket/ o girl it's about 2 get nasty//  Tony Toni Tone
Happy Mothers Day ; Mahomies 3 You !:
I wish I could see again.
Went to my first show with He knows what I'm talkin about.
I'm kind of liking the teenage years.
Something about the feisty attitude and the selfconsciousness that hits a soft spot in me.
no worries idk if we will make it out either haha.
But we gotta go out in the city soon!!!
link not working 10:53 am
Best Fitness Tracking Appliance?
Lifehacker
Today in 1997, 'Be Here Now' by Oasis reaches
RT : Dear Lord, teach me to be content in you and not in the things of this world.
Amen.
As a bystander without a dog in this fight, I'm not outraged.
Why can't people take their complaining to private places not a dead silent lobby for everyone to hear...
omg no adele my mom would not stop earlier.
we are thankful to serve a VERY deserving, determined, amazing group.
Hope you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend.
Frank lucas is a gangster!!
Lol
lol and go to ur messages i got to tell you something .
can't believe classes are over.
two papers and two finals away from summer 2012!
Yo Adoctoran, I did it!
Classic
RT Regier told me the Sabres want to add Mark Parrish to Portland.
Hasn't spoken to agent yet, though.
You know me...I would NEVER do that...
go to bed
ListeningTo Off to the Races 
is it so wrong for a coach who essentially now wasted time on a player to know why he wants to leave?
I think that is the basis
Its at our office in EP.
DoinTooMuch Trying to get attention in public SMH
Great quote: 'shit, didnt turn it up bc it was donny iris, just love that riff.
Realized it was donny after i turned it up'
Thinking of Newport Cafe for dinner.
U prob don't remember, but we were on the brown team for a scav hunt 10 yr ago in LA together and we won best team uniform.
Sure send it to .
Thanks!
Shout out to !
Yesterday I undertook an 8hour intellectual performance ritual.
I'm feelin' dank.
Vielen dank.
I can feel it when people stare, it's creepy as fuck!!
Look away
highlight of my day?
watching all the cars stop for a family of ducks meandering across 6 lanes of traffic!
so sweet.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 42
yes.
It's really good.
A mi también!
I missed that too.
Was switching over to football
So excited for her dad about to start the bostonmarathon!
If you're watching, cheer for the man in the kilt!
Welcome to Dinosaur Annex's home in twitter!
Looking forward to connecting with all our new music tweeters!
Seriously, this makes no sense!
Why are same sex unions not legal everywhere?
It hurts my heart.
Edition 97 of The Modern Jazz Radio Show here: www.tomtallitschblog.com  Show archives  Playlists
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 50
Great launch day for us.
Thx so much!
cc
relaxes and puts head on door.
oh my god.
Thank god.
' Cuz where the fuk that come from??
Thanks so much for the retweet!
no worries babe!
hope u feel better
Back porch chillin, writing, BBQ, summertime playlist, Jack singlebarrell: AKA, Boss shit.
come on down and I will put some extra on there for you!
YUP.
IT TOOK A WHILE BUT LOOK WHAT HAPPENED':
All i want is you next to me cause you help me sleep
Allergies suck.
: no, no I want to see it
My stomach aches from my laughing at that Chapelle sketch.
Brilliant.
need game creation app 4anatomy idea and for book report idea  preferably 4PClike gamesalad but MAC thinking worldsoverkillsuggestion?
cant wait to go to hauser!!!!
The weather is still cold, make sure to stay warm in your apartments!
I Miss Kissn On You .
i hate waitig for something for aver a month than the day before, it gets cancled..
:,
Glad you liked it!
More to come.
Yes, then I took a real pic...
lol
can friday be here already!
We have to let go of control.
igenatl Great point about today's teacherslet the kids have ownership of their learning
..Comic Book Artists/Aspiring Artists/Artists/Fans: We're looking for some help with character concepts for a comic book flick.
Inbox me
Cutting my hair and donating 5 inches, bye bye long hair!
:
Wow Junior Seau is dead according to TMZ
Need help quitting smoking?
Today is your lucky day  Over 50 off a Smoking Cessation Hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Im tryna act like I dont wanna be wit u like I would be ok if u just walked away....
: Bet.
Be well
GOING TO HANG OUT WITH MY AFRICAN FRIEND WHOM I LOVE3 lol
Just living is not enough.
One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower...
Apparently Jessica Simpson is in labor!
I feel like she has been pregnant for like 2 yrs now!
Is she having a robot?
Except you kat I don't care if you're pregnant, I'd like to fuck you up.
Time for me to start exercising more!
I really need to start getting in shape again.
But how since I'm only 16 and no one else is motivated?
Santorum may have stepped on Obama's news cycle, but while one of them gets to sleep in the White House, the other has to nap in a Hotel 6.
After successful surgery for ruptured achilles, Timbers expect Bright Dike to miss 69 months.
maybe mcd was right.
cassel's a better passer AND a better tackler than orton
If you don't make money off your Talents and Creativity, someone else WILL!
SoEmbrace your Creativity!
DJohnson TB ;
Can't sleep!
Brrrrr it's chilly....and I like it!
my upload speed today has been ranging from slow to what is this, dialup?
...
Going to bake a cake while this email sends.
I'm going to miss this weekend like none other.
Feel tired as hell bt up fent to get started on this work..
what are you doing in shevegas?
it's okay....
I guess
Pancakes, ?
It is wellknown that I love pancakes.
Why was I not invited?
leadership LBS: Location Based Services will continue to fuel mobile app growth engine into across tech sector
I will see you there!!
Right on!
Hope things are going well!
I NEED UNLIMITED MONEY!!!
Mountains with the family.
Priceless.
I'm sure angelina jolie, u know, time mags most beautiful person on earth, would take issue with counters statement.
Success is fulfilling your soul's purpose.
Jack Canfield ll RT
Hugs are bad.....April Fools' hugs are awesome
Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour.
church thief caught on tape!
coming up at 11...learn what these crooks are looking to steal from places of worship
Give Me Your Hand
love ya!
follow me Christian???
Please you would make my day better z:
kids Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes: Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Sewickley Valley...
Any idea when the next flight will be?
Miss you!
Oh, I should have specified.
It is Cherry Coke.
But they only had grape cocaine, so I didn't get any.
havnt been tweeting that much :/
Hate having my picture taken so when this pic had to be taken for something else, I saw my opportunity and I took it.
I just hope the guys don't mess it up!
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning ..
Smh
What happened???
i think im going to write an article on how people eat chips......so many different ways i have seen , but never the same way twice , yet..
You already know doe!
ill be home thurs or friday ,cheers
Rowing: Gonzaga beats St.
Albans to claim Foley Cup  Washington Post
watching abdc again.
When will Obama learn that necessity doctorves innovation?
If GM is relying on 40k cobalts I'll buy ford, bmw, toyota, honda, volvo 4 less.
Getting a Twitter Rally going.
Follow us
Who try.n 2 swoop me 4 Bt party....
Some people are married to their job.
I love my show, but in this state I can't marry it.
It takes less work to succeed than to fail W.
Clement Stone
very good Ale and how bout you?
:
I heard MTA workers the other morning to one another, shaking ones head saying they're getting bigger every month.
eek!
ooh I stopped watching.
What's happening now?
You get a 15 best buy gift card at the waterfront store for test doctorving a toyota.
Today isnt the best day to have people doctorve.
yeah she's pretty chill other girls kinda quitee
Sweet tits?
Ahahaha!
Um..
Your welcome?
:p Oi!
Were in deep shit for Cohen's class!
2NiTe 6p8p w/guests LevertII Should We BRIBE others with SEX using what we've GOT to get what we WANT call 626 657 2149
haha, as am I!
Being misunderstood as a person has lead me to listen to metal far more often than possible!
Thanks for follow...
How do you get 17K followers with one tweet???
I know...
It was one helluva tweet!!!
Seriously??
no.
Alright come by later.
Speech go alright?
Conor Casey from the Rapids and Melissa Isaacson from ESPN Chicago just on, NBA TV's Rick Kamla and MLB Network's Greg Amsinger on this hour
It's a good thing I telecommute; my coworkers are not subjected to my normal, colorful metaphors.
Which, this week, are plentiful.
Playing fetch
haha ok I will next time!
I played diablo2 back in the day....I kinda want to play diablo3!!
NASW Joblink  The Social Work Career Center: Mental Health ...
Yum!
Charsui buns!
RT Taking care of my dimsumwithdoctorwal tonight....
Guy on Compton School Bd just killed his career w/a bizarre horrible rant.
Won't even stoop to name him.
Folks!
Guard your hearts  behavior
I've done half of it and it didnt take that long
I keep it Real ..
IDGAF who you are ..
If I don't like you I'm Not gonna Pretend to like you ..
Maybe being in the SEC will bring the excitement back, but it could easily doctorve me further away.
Should be interesting
fresh lemons and no sugar
What a great group : Phenominal Folks U Gotta FF!
MY CAR SMELLS LIKE STRAIGHT DANK !!!!!!!
Don't forget to join us for our Shaker Session tomorrow 37!
Live music and a Pumpkin Milkshake make the best combo!
sweet!
Looking forward to catching it soon :
Somehow kids, Vegas, and Bras appearing together in a tweet just seems wrong ;
doctorke can stand for Do Right And Kill Everything :P Like a boss
Life is getting much more tranquil and quiet now.
If howfuckedismetro is correct, there are only 4 trains running on the red line right now.
had an amazing last concert tonight and I am honored to be given the award :
Shaking off the dust...
You are the Duchess of everything ;
thanks so much for the love!
COME VISIT FOR REAL GAHH.
LOL.
Keep it clean whilst getting dirty.
:
aw what's wrong??
Truck arrives atGAB
I could go for some ramen right now....poor empty stomach is growling.
Touch her heart, not her body.
Steal her attention, not her virginity.
Make her smile; don't waste her tears..
welps , my team won ..
lets see the lakers lose .
I wouldnt be mad or sad I would be grateful that i atleast got to see him and meet him got a signature !
That what counts
Getting a free ride from the wiredstore to Columbus Circle courtesy of
Is the exam one test or a series of tests of which a few are nationally reciprocated?
Thought I'd feel guilty not getting up early, running long  being a zombie the rest of the day.
This lazy Sunday feels good.
thanks for sharing, but the link seems to be broken.
RT if you're ready 2 get HAMMERED 2nite!
Want to go shopping!
I'm feeling very generous this year 
My daughter Olivia just asked me to do playdough with her!!
We're making playdough cookies although sweet Memories are really what's up.
I find compassion thinking how we all act out of pain; I am not separate/better than him or anyone.
Lookz like we're gunna make it!
FF Great connections this week!
you are crazy.
Seriously.
Hahaha dom cant take it.
All i ask is for one tweet from you because you are so awesome!!
:
Fashion is Life :
You were a lesson i needed to learn, but i didn't think it would have to hurt that much :/
This is Super Bowl is going to be a great game!
Congrats to our team.
RT : Online Storytelling Award winner: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reporting on infant mortality.
What's really really really good
Shorter Alex Castellanos: Listen, sweetheart, your passion is adorable but you don't understand the issues.
Now go make me a sandwich.
I am followed everywhere i go...
The joy of having dogs...
I knew they could do it!!!!!
Yay arod and melkyyyyy ah
I left good for better  better for the best .
no I was in Miami but im moving up north
Congrats on Schwartz,Martin 1 More to go SANU!!!!
Thanks for believing in us.
Big Daddy
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog.
Lows 55 to 60.
Light winds.
gn : Sleep the sleep of a baby at a ball game : How do they do that?
When I hear tapping outside my window.
I don't think it's my prince to come kiss me.
I think its a serial killer about to kill me.
Two consecutive days of being totally unproductive.
This needs to change.
REALLY!?
It would rain when I didn't bring my coat.
LOL!
You actually made the account.
haha I've done it before!
Your hair is a lot healthier than mine though so it probably didn't damage it as bad as mine would.
Not sure but good so far except for battery.
: RT : Is that the phone from the commercial that totally bash
AC compressor failed last week, 3rd power outage in 18 hours.
Not the prelude to a good week for a technology team.
: Who is friends with an invisible person.
thats me!!
I know, hahahaha!
Props to Fyza for a great poster design!
: SO COOL!
what type of server capabilities are you looking for?
My job is awesome  love planning fun custom collabs with 
Time for some lunch!
What's on your plate?
i should be on around 7:30 ish for a bit
What sport do you enjoy watching the most?
Okay!
Not mad at doctor Lassiter anymore!
;
Wobble so hard.
That shit cray.
On a not so separate note, my knees are about to explode.
I'm gonna beat him up with Girl Scout Cookies.
Then I'll call 911 and explain.
New fire in bastrop.
Can be seen from I35  290
We lift ourselves by our thoughts.
We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves.
than knowledge.
Tech scout.
X
Weather guys need to stick to what they know  effing up weather forecasts.
Enjoyed the Black Male Identity event.
It is a great project!
River of Lights, better every year...
DISCUSSION: There is a lot of great, new technology, but adoption rates are low across demographics.
How do we increase usage rates?
Up cooking breakfast Bumping that F.U.N.
part 2 who sliding on me
Hey Jon, would love to have you on my show from Jerusalem, Israel!
Watched part of the first round of the NFL doctorft while the missus was reading 50 shades of Grey.
There's some irony there.
When I was a kid..
Dad's BELT far out weighed my boys scandalous schemes.
fearfactor NspiredBy Proverbs 1: 1019
Met a lot of great people at the Powerhouse concert!
Got the word out to many people who didn't know about Autism
Starting to get very irritating...ivehadenough!!!!
Noeleen: Don't lie.
It will come back and bite you later.
Da best time of the day
They look cute, but in the end they're just little poop machines that you have to feed and clean up after.
But puppies rule ;
TONIGHT Last chance to see perform 8midnight in NextGenJazz series!
nocover no doctornk min.
Out and about for Megan's bday!
Penguins!
Stupendous!
We had a brilliant time!
Thank you for being such gracious hosts!
I sync therefore I am
Shiiieet, I'd break you down ;
oh well thank you Matthew lol
Direct Mailing Svcs include: Digital Mail Box, Ink Jet Addoctorssing, Folding, Tabbing, Label Application  much, much more!
5058993104
Wow almost 600 followers!
U guys r amazing!
I don't understand why people think 14th st.
has been revitalized when all I see are fast food restaurants closing :
Omg, the whether where i live is ridiculous.
Nothing gets you over like crying in front of a large audience.
We're out there until 3 PM!!
That's not early!
so now you not in touch with your inner feelings?
Ok I see you lol.
RT : UHexpo in my jammies now, and getting ready to put my garden in soon in unpredictable ny welcome!
Cy Young pitching my friend.
i really hope i see another girl crying in the hallway today like during the AP english test because it was funny as hell
It smells as if someone vomited inside this taxi, Wtf.
You know what, I'll just walk today.
I can't deal!
OMG.
Niall's new twitter picture!!!
33
Just realized how angry I am over this Pens/Flyers series.
Bring the mfing hate today.
I wanna run through a wall.
Let's GO
I was listening to Dick Dale on the way to work today!!!
fun times ahead.
m/
HEY im a Mahomie and this is crazy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe?
; Follow mee : iloveyouuu
The closest I've ever been to One Direction is in the same building with them.
Even then, I only got a glimpse.
Thanks!
It's posted!
I can tag ur bald pale ass here woo
didn't tryed talk to the moon cause i knew that if i tryed it you were not trying like me.
RT Well, so much for Papelbon having been better now.
That was a brutal sequence.
Hideous loss for the
doctorssed as Link from Zelda at Disneyland .
Been getting some highfives!
And the Queen of Hearts knew who I was doctorssed as hahah
Donald and Peta!!
GO DD AND PM GO!!
Oh ur so right.
I might get one made this weekend.
Lol
LOL.
You never know!
:
Once again music wave taking over my life lol
No one compares you stand alone
RT : Your Green Bay Packers are 120.
Go Pack.
My New Jump Rope!
LOL!
Amy Winehouse had an incredible voice and talent....R.I.P Amy Winehouse .
Thanks for the mention Nelson!
Happy New Year!
Happy Birthday Sarah!!!
Big East hoops tourney at MSG still on Bucket List although conf realignment puts damper on it
If your eyes are always open it's impossible to doctoram.
Bet the bus ride from this country hell hole takes forever
A man's biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
The Fan Video Is On!!!!!
Its A Taylor Swift On.
So if you love Taylor Swift tweet me and join in!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
What's a good tool to clean up Twitter followers?
I've tried about 6 already!
RT Exercise or a serious session of 24 ??
she needs to go get a job  lay off the surgery.
Geez!
aw, that's so cute, missing you too bestie :
np problem babe
Doing keeks.
;p
um breezy and beautiful!
Lol Sylester is getting me together.
upcoming East Coast Free Agent Camp is a great opportunity to get 3 full game films of yourself competing with other Pro's!!
i like them b/c they different lol.
They only wearing them for a game
We have April 16th, and May 4th with Chasing Thrill both in Orlando!
Indeed it was great to finally meet in person yesterday.
Great convo with , and others last night
I want to try  meet them when they are in NY during the tour,  not wait til 2O13
Nicki isn't fat, ugly or fake.
YOU HATERS ARE JUST FULL OF SHIT.
any openers tonight?
If so, set times?
Thanks!
Trying to get dinner quick.
Omg dick and fb
looking forward to learning from your free info
hahaha, I understand!
becoming a bit addicted to MobWars on Facebook .
.
.
such mindless fun.
Running around toting a gun and shooting people because you scared to square up and shoot the five
any developments on a desktop app?
I know and I want one for Inigral.
interesting about oxygen
Obesity  LOST season finale with whatcouldbebetter?
just filmed SLAINE'S latest music video TRAIL OF BLOOD.
I play a Cop  more!
Stay tuned for the release in January 2011.
change what u can...
enjoyed the show last night!
Nice pitch
ready when u are lol how was your day
So I ball so hard 6AM wanna fine me
well made their YouTube debut today with their own branded channel.
Good to see new pubs putting free content on social sites.
mlm  to all of you that act like you have no manners.
Saint John Sea Dogs at Lewiston Maineiacs tonight....i hear Saint John is quite god.....
I get it!
This boudoir girl luvs her SGM dj's esp  Ur point?
Cuz mine is book the shit outta them!!!!
:
It's bad manners to say I love you, with a mouth full of lies.
Hold your applause for a kid with glasses, who likes to rap and write his verses down on sheets of paper...
Joe Johnson will not be a Superstar until he hit these shots in clutch situations
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump n grindin
what kind of question is that ?
Lol.
me too hahaha I was standing two feet away from the tv saying ah they're gonna make out!

For a reformed doctorg addict and alcoholic, that's 81 games too many.
And he's already relapsed...
twice.
I wana kiss u lick u stick u ...
Cuz ima nasty boy
Thank you !
Haha thanks.
I'm gonna have to fashion some new jorts that show off this beauty for tomorrows game!!!
oh he'll naw I'm not going today lol I'm kinda sore but tomorrow I'll be there
No problem.
Let us know if you have any other questions!
What an amazing weekend with the best friend at our performance and with my cousin today
It's been closed for a while.
: It's expected to be temporary, but ...
still.
follow back
Sure!
Followed x
It's gonna go hard
Thank YOU for sharing your wisdom at the Writers' Conference!
Amazing how much you get done between the hours of 46a
If you sell your domain name make sure the payday is great!
This is HUGE hassle, but worth it in the end for what they paid.
Hair and makeup now.
Follow my new page now now
Camping this weekend 
Shopping and prepping for this weekend.
gfree PB Chocolate Chip Cookies and Banana Nut Muffins at the Hillsboro Farmers' Market on Sat.
Now the nice coxcable Tier 1 is checking to see if I can talk to Tier 2 person directly without her intermediation.
Ha, I didn't realize that the word fuzz made me giggle until that tweet.
Sorry about the fuzz.
But also, not.
:
Is the entire Round 2 schedule out?
Doesn't feel like Monday...
Through my shades I see your fakeness.KingShit Bitch
sex and beer!
Any day full of music from young artists such as yourself is a very good day so don't ever give up.
But yet u still of FB.
The most doctorma and lies happen on there and not twitter and u kno that's a FACT lol
Maybe I wouldn't be so stressed out
Just wish we could get some rain though!
Don't forget to look out your lau or party window tonight to see the white crater planet in the sky
im at the crib wat up
Before u criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes...
That way, when u criticize them, ur a mile away  u have their shoes.
Framingham police need your help figuring out what happened to a 21yo man found seriously injured on Eleanor Rd.
Call 5088721212
Tune into Sirius NFL Radio right now to hear RB Chris Polk talk about his career at UW  the NFL doctorft process.
i know ima try my hardest to see you once more at least.
Theres gunna be a fair on venice and la brea june 30,31 and 1.
I'm gonna die of excite dies 
that's awesome!
Good for her!
:
National Assoc of Colored Women prioritized juvenile justice  contradicting idea black women didn't participate
lesserasked question: do men who look like abe lincoln get particularly angry around presidents' day?
Bout to go nite nite gotta work in the morning goodnite twitches!
Love the Sidewalker video!
Reality check that so many miss!
People never cease to amaze me not always in good ways either, ha!
Yaaaasssss , My Prom Suit Is Just Too Right.
:D
I'm not full of hate...My heart went on surgery an hasn't healed yet....
its mine ispendit im ridin and im
Just Saw it:
Ocelot is also the first cat I've ever heard literally say nom nom nom while eating.
doctorving into Findlay like where the money at???
How come pants are different than shirts?
Fuckin' blankets, how do they work?
sla2011 Abramprofessorssionals market their skills and advice not their space
I really want a reason to go to back to Toronto.
: Should the break the bank for Monta Ellis?
Only way you will bring a better coach in Milwaukee
Will do :
OMFG I JUST SAW MADISON ALAMIA!
They are probably out in the Harbor Islands
thank ya!
Tim, I wasn't able to DM you back, but great to emeet you as well.
cheers.
I think that dumb bitch from Goldoctorsh rides her bike through my gas station pissing everybody off.
I'm going to pop her tires whoever it is.
Well if she got mad over nothing it really shouldnt stop ya'll from talking..
I mean...
damnn
You seriously think I'm that stupid..?
smgdh  women who keep bringing different dudes around your kids
...
with brown hair.
And I see a stronger entrepreuneurs here.
When we lived in Germany for 2 years, they always asked, Why are you here?
Thanx!
When do you think you'll be in Milwaukee?
Paramount Slick Music Music Studio Open Jam Fri.
Nov.
19 711am.
Show up, sign in, and show off!
Free Admission.
7656421234 for details.
I dont know how long it's been since I've slept for more than 8 hous two nights in a row.
ECM in Iowa is wishing you a great St.
Patrick's Day!
I hope you have the time
I guess I'll just go to sleep then
yay thanks Robs!
Hahahaha ohmygawd.
A bird just pooped on this lady loading groceries into her car.
Her reaction  priceless.
jesus you look awful there bud.
Happy birthday alex!!!!!!!!
Alright gotta finish this LAST paper!
Night
I laughed while I was transcribing it.
I couldn't not laugh.
I've heard it's the best medicine.
amazing!
But no wine bar involved??
Keen for a dirty martini jess style soon :
realhappiness taking the 28 day challenge!
want to vote for HOMECOMING KING?!
check out the poll at www.hercampus.com/wakeforest
Where are you today?
I didn't get to give you a proper send off.
I really want to see TheAvengers but so damn busy at the mo
: im going to be about 15 min.
late Sorry
Thanks, Rhett.
The sentiment, at least from the national media, was that 25 restricted schools was too much.
Most women have that time in their lives when they think its cool to date older guys.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Get in and try our MahiMahi Torta, topped w lett, tom, and housemade tarter!
Damn this day has been so fuckin longg
Sipping on wine from in a bubble bath I bought from iBuyBlack and
I'm out, got an Association Meeting this week.
Oh I just thought of one!
I'm sure you'll make them lot's of dough!
Do you need your event promoted?
Do you need event marketing?
Then give us a call!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and I don't even get to see it?
..
We MUST use our technology to end hunger.
We will be one of the first to grow in a vertical greenhouse.
I just want you to touch me!
my health class.
excuse you?
haha
The positive benefits of eating Paleo are numerous and the results speak for themselves
No just name, unless they are from another school.
: what if theyre a grade lower?
Do you need a sheet for that too?
Manning to Denver.
: We needed him in Miami, Florida.
Jealous of the boat and the beer.
Not the cigar though lol
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Cause you follow me, no need to tag you :
that's just plain old mission : great bar.
Meeting someone who's doctorving into the city so soma is geographically favorable
True.
Also graduate 6/10.
Who knows where/what ill be up to.
RT : summer approaches.
Wouldn't speak too soon there
Good luck!!!
RT RT : June 22nd I will be performing at Comic Strip Live..1568 2nd ave NY NY
Someone come play trivia against Andy and I.
Team name Hot Bartenders and yes we're winning.
Could you use overloading to make python a looselytyped language?
Planning to be at the alamw11 exhibits tomorrow.
Any AIIP/SLA folks want to meet up?
Wow, registrations are moving fast.
149/200 slots have been spoken for.
Totally wowed by all the people who want to IgniteATL!
Not Knowing Imagination even?
what it do fool
Whenever I'm searching for anything code/cs related and I find the name Oleg Kiselyov, I know I've found what I'm looking for
Feeling motivated today!
Who wants me to come do their spring cleaning?
playing USC alummade game, The Misadventures of PB Winterbottom on the Xbox.
Pie and time travel for dessert.
So grateful to for introducing me to sunglasses.
Makes being back in sunny LA so much more fun.
Despicable Me :D def one of my most fave movies 
Go for amusement purposes.
Don't for a second think that anything supernatural is happening.
There is always a consequence of every action lol :
Forget air brushing.
Your professorle pic needs sandblasting!
Tell that caller those doctorves to the basket are what makes MKG a top 5 pick.
Just found my favorite cookies in the grocery store...
The bag was open before I left the isle
Never did sleep.
And the morning was fun frozen door locks, frost inside the car, a gas gauge that said it was full, and a flat tire.
At my husband's hospital bedside trying to slay these monsters that beset him!
Prayer changes things  we'd love to have yours please!
on my way home listening to the tyranny of distance.
it's a fucking perfect record
First sunday out of about 8 that and i haven't eaten at Buca.
But Winstead's is second best : And green lantern at 2!
The music is running thru my veins
I agree.
You guys are the best.
wait...
That's not how twitter works.
no fucks given nowadays
I'm so thirsty lmfao
it doesn't work /: you could get the link from my Facebook, instagram and tumblr.
hate to admit you were right
No worries Mo, you still have love in Cleveland.
;
Stop in and try one next time you're in the area Kelly :
Follow Your Heart, And Your doctorams Will Come True !
3
time to hit the lab and listen to some beats : for those of you that know me well, u kno exactly where my lab is lol
What you think about yourself is much more important than what others think of you
text me..
Thanks to for presenting last night, thanks to for the pizza and beer, and thanks to for hosting!
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was The Ocean.
Bought every song by him since!
Stephen Hill's highlight reel is like an 8yr old playing Madden.
Hey Mikey!
: hiya stephy
Chloe lady gaga will sing omg she is my 1 singer i love her so do you thats cool i like her 2 you and her and kind people :
RT announces yet another new release:Lets all give La Salles a warm welcome to the web!
Visit www.lasallesbar.com
Wouldnt it be awsome if you could get Morgan Freemans voice on a GPS?
It would be like he's narrating your travels.
That movie gave me nightmares, saw it in the theater.
Glad you you didn't j'adore it either.
oh okay I see, It is going to!
:
G'd up from my feet up.
make sure you follows us here on twitter, for the lastest gigs and tours, and more, C.E.OJLyric
In the office getting caught up on emails/calls.
Spending the rest of the day in the Gym.
Workouts tonight at ..
Look and Feel Like a Celebrity with lasers, strobe lights and smoke machines
Tim Higgins' middle name is undoubtedly Fin'.
God I hate watchin him try to ref.
I was just checking out your blog.
Saw your BA beer fest posts.
I think the next step for you is
i cant stop sneezing, grr!
my thoughts exactly!
took math homework and a book to the meet today....did a little homework and then was like screw this ish and forgot about it haha
You could have texted me ..
I was in the halls with nun to do after the ap test
where u live at now
Fun fact: about 500 lbs of weights frm Sports Authority were in the nose of Enterprise as ballast for weight balance for this flight
I do not know the ins and outs of stuff like this...but how is it different from a Justin.tv or service like that?
Smile, it goes good with your outfit.
:
Opinion: Is domestic travel still traveling?
Just ignore people that get on your tail about typos.
They may just want to make you upset, unfairly.
Have a great day!
From First to Last or Skrillex
schoolmemories when i broke the vending machine
loved it!
Especially Jake's Opinyon cORNER!!
Come out to our Meet  Greet this Saturday from 10  12 at Petco Arboretum!!
Change is good...you go first!
Bumper Sticker via
first tweet.
nailed it.
Absolutely since Games 5 and 7 will be here :
By tomorrow I will have lived here for 5 months..
happy knowing that I'm the one who makes em cry when they're about to laugh
At work and already on my 2nd cup of coffee!
Mondays wahoooooo
do what you do best....
suck big ones
when old typewriters are donated they immediately go into ReFinds vintage store, around 50 to 75.00.
Just hypothetically, if you were going to a book festival and went to see an author, just like me, what would you want her to talk about?
Morning Twitter world.
It's a gloomy day cuz its Friday  I had to get up early.
It's alright though:
your idol has a twitter!!!!!
That's probly why you had such a great time over there...
I know how it feels, I was bullied all 6th grade year
Never resist failure or poverty .Instead attract success and wealth.
Always embrace the positive rather than resisting the negative.D.cooper
currently listenin to my 4 album...
i got a dollar off because of brandon 3 abbie
Join us on the Weekend Sports Buzz now!
It's Derby Day!!!
Special guest Hansen the Race Horse joins us.
1450am or stream online...
TheWife and I haven't won despite entering every year.
It's like the lottery.
I'm sleepy.
Waking up at 4:30 is not fun.
Thank God!!!
RT : Every saint has a past.
Every sinner has a future.
Warren Buffet
97 in vegas!!!
Best thing about OneShiningMoment?
It is OVER, and now it's BASEBALL season!
type bsh in google and comes up..
cool
Stoked about the Broncos!!!
20 Awesome!!!
Should be a doctornking game for every time you hear recess is there a 2nd another bill?
in the House Approps for SB2
Erica loves my Shit
With the fabulous whether, anything BBQ sounds good, so try our BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich for just 10.95, tonight!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 510 1932 TampaClearwater Call NOW..
btw have you studied?
lol!
ok, strawberry it is ;
what changes do you see the bulls making this offseason after a possible early exit this playoffs?
We need men who can doctoram of things that never were.
John F Kennedy
Greeny was in intense attack mode.
But Bo Ryan certainly didn't help himself
Keep Dunn, both will have bad avg, Dunn will hit more HRs: Should I trade Dunn for Uggla?
our girl Had a blast on set with Minnie doctorver, Brandon T.
Jackson and the rest of the cast and crew this week for Hail Mary.
RT : Obama is at 55.8 to win reelection on Intrade.
The SOTU could send that as high as 55.9  or crashing down to...
YOUR MOM IS A WHORE YOU UGLY BITCH
why wouldn't jags want Tebow?
Switch him n Gabbert every other down.
It's a
have you seen a coffee shop menu ?
Happy Leap Day!
Were you born today?
Let us know!
The police just tried to race us on the interstate.
What kind of shit is this.
Damn its so hot and bright outside
just one lesson tomorrow yay
Texans need competition at K
So, what's new in mustache fashion?
Bwahaha!
Luckily for him, he's just a mannequin.
you have to turn 23 again tonight...
I might as well have caffeine injected directly into my veins with an IV.
Going to get some delicious coffee.
That'd be about the best thing ever.
The TV show Sports Soup is starting to grow on me.
I know, huh.
Can't wait!
: We'll volunteer as taste testers too!
ihatewhenpeople are at the store the same time I am!
Anyone get some pictures or video from our show at St.
Paul's?
Share them here!
Just got out of school..
is this even normal
Be sure to check out The Meltdown this weekend  Theatre 7 in Las Vegas  7pm...
with yours truly...
That moment in a test when u think your answer is to dumb but it is actually right...:P
Thanks et al for a very informative  enjoyable mmonline conf.
I know this is so old news, but I love the badass female Shepard cover for me3.
ok cool....I may try to come back, if I don't let me know how you do
I hate this house and everyone in it.
Of course I'M the one that's fucking crazy.
Just accept that you're wrong.
my dog just bit the shit outta my nipple..
dont ask how we got to this point..
just know it hurts like hell..
i feel for all breast feeders
The Declaration of Dependence, The U.S.
Convolution, The Humanist Papers and The Bill of Political Rites
We will be visiting with Bamawear next week to discuss Alabama's Spring ball game in April
lovee your new song say nothing!!
Haha jk.
3 Say somethin is a great song :
After five, some people who are TOO programmed still talk shop like they are still at work
tweet tweet, testing one two :
The Verge isn't loading up on my phone.
This is the 3rd time it's had this issue in the past couple days.
Always believe all the hard work you put in will pay off soon!!!
I won't give up on us,even if the skies get rough.
yeah...
no thanks.
Im not buying that toy car.
I hate texting as much as I hate phone calls.
Leave me alone, world.
Running, push ups, jumping rope, I ain't went this hard ever!
Now its time to pick up that basketball  get shots up
I kind of wish I saw this one...
exactly, or they could at least say MAYBE I will do it, instead of just flat out lying
We need to stop DwayneWade if we want to win; two dunks in one quarter is unbelievable.
Cabin san Lucas..
I knew this would happen
do you like supporting indie music?
then check out to see whats and whos happening!
My cousin met Phil Collins at a private Texas history book meeting.
When she showed the pics, I immediately thought of you.
Japanese can be written both horizontally called yokogaki or vertically called tategaki
got that california christmas on repeat
Hahaha let mister Sniffles know that he's 67 months too early.
Ahh, Mac' at 15, iPhone at 41 and it's only 2:17PM!
Hope I don't have to live without social media for the rest of sdsms!
HAHAHAHAHA he believed us 
One of the Best Games ever!
ConfessionNight....
Uh oh y'all.
oh okay then midget man..
Goodluck!
Lol
Beverage time!!!
Is alive?
Don't forget to tip ur contractor...
suggestions 5K to 10K would be good I think.
Verizon Center snuck in Judas Priest as the hour changedsilly!
It's Nat'l Chocolate Chip Day.
I'd put in a request w/the chef of the house, but that happens to be me.
it's going to be hard to enjoy it without you guys but I guess I'll try;
Groups need to be very attentive to governance on distributed results so that false claims don't impact reputation of group
Sore throat, earache, runny nose, sneezing, coughing.
And here I thought I might get through winter without the plague.
I got a condom on my dick girl we fuckin now...
Introducing project socialitr at the
Quinn's learning to walk again based wholly on the power of scrunched up face.
When life gives you scraps, make a scrapbook!
I think decrease..
Who is this guy NOVAK?
He shooting like Michael Jordan out here.
NIN  this weekend only we've got a lot of the NIN tour stock on sale for 9.99.
sale ends sometime monday morning
Soup this week at is PAYITFORWARD CLASSIC ORIGINAL CHICKENNOODLESOUP AND ITALIANPIZZASOUP  ORDER NOW!!
I KNOW RIGHT
: UPDATE: According to , investigators don't know George Zimmerman's location.
I am always blessed at work by the tweets from the service.
They help to keep me focus on the important things while I work.
Equality is important.
follow me please?
Big fan!;
I hate disappointing people but honestly there comes a point where you
nothing on the phone watchin tv
lol Thats Funny I got this Dirty Sprite in my Cup 
I was bullied I still an though /3
My Penis Has Stamina.
Yay about Lisa.
Let's do Joy next week.
Will email u.
RT Lisa was great as always.
Would love again
How cool would an ABDC episode with One Direction songs be?
Oh William.
Although, my grades may not be as high as I hoped for, I'm very thankful for every experience, but most of all, that this semester's over!
All right!!
RT : Jeanne Claire Van Ryzin wins 1st place from TxAPME for comment  criticism.
Congrats!
what a great pic of all of us!
One thing is forsure.
As math levels increase, so do the level of ugly people and asains.
I can't wait to get to law school..
Ooowheeeeeee
umm, grappa in afternoon.
i want to work in your office.
Chris rock goes to that restraunt alot that would be awsome if i saw him!
he has no choice at this point if he expects anyone to think he has an ounce of sanity left.
slightoversight RT also apparently Herschel has a shotgun that carries fifty rounds.
Our home library filled 25 Depot boxes.
We have too many books.
I had an ok day today:P
Just got The Layover app!
HawksFam wake up, Its hawks game day leh'go
a very sad and unfortunate accident....we will miss you Salvatore!
Hi Siobhan, will do we sent u an email a few hours ago actually!
What's The Deal?
ok so let's plan to watch the movie around 7ish
Steve Miller Band pandora station may just be the best thing ever.
EVER.
will you ever notice me???
how do u like Miami so far??
Well..
I DO like Gerbils...
Feel good today
Filming an antibullying music video this Saturday with rapper LG Wise and Joe Schillaci, star of THE FIRST 48.
Details on my Facebook pages
now you have hurt my sensitive side
Some Ps3 sounds good :P
Dead serious!
with edu discount, it's cheaper to buy MF delivery and get digital access bundled then buying only digit.
kills more trees tho.
Waiting on to get bck frm mf vacation so I can put his ass to work on some verses lol
LOVE the lemon and lime colors!
these next two weeks need to go by FAST!
holler on our way!!
Eating cheesecake with milk, followed by Reeses Peanut Butter Cups and Kit Kats.
This is because I know I'll be gymming tomorrow.
I thought it was a research facility.
Thanks for the RT!
after checking out your professorle, it's Ketch.
My plane was headed there after Juneau
Gotta clean, today worth it though
:D RT : world star hip hop is CNN for black people
IM STILL CALLING!; ANSWERR
Howdy, howdy my favorite HITsm people!
How have you all been?
:
Less than 7 minutes left in the first half  Hurtin up 10532 over
I got 99 problems and Carlos Marmol isn't one of them
: Just picked up my copy of The Source!
Go get yours.hahaha dude I did the same thing after I saw your pic!
Suggestion for this last day of mercuryretrograde, Let go and let be.
doesn't seem to add much value.
Me too
At this school!...
All Work and know play
lmao!
Sir Robert Banks baby hahaha
Let me know if you're interested in April's Intro to horseback riding for actors
stop spamming, I have nothing to do, or will I ever have anything to do with Walmart.
If most people really don't want to be married, why do so many people spend all of their time, energy, and money trying to get married?
Oh, oh...I wuv you too!
Hands down, I prefer rapping and singing as opposed to JUST singing.
I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love, I did, I did.
I don't like when restaurants have carpet in their dining room.
BUT I AIN'T BLACK WHAT NOW
I look outside and see the promise of spring.
I look inside myself and feel the promise of new beginnings.
I see myself in a new way.
oh no!
i think that is why I am getting referred to hootsuite with everything that i find now.
It's about time the bruins woke up, Just tied the game 11.
I hope I don't have night school AGAIN this year 'cause imma shoot myself , real talk
ah gotcha.
yeah traveling for work can be a mixed bag, especially on a Sunday
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I am resting from site seeing : I got a hotel room n Sodertalje :
: As an Aries most people hate on you,but you don't give a fuck because you're always going to be number one.
OK YESS I KNO
MT Pk to attend Nato; discussions begin on suply routes;we continue 2 press for Salala apology  work for best natnl outcomes.
Yes, gmail has become my personal data archive.
Read more about how young filmmakers are showing us all the real
do you think the games are rigged sometimes like the refs give the calls to one team to make it intense?
has the most gorgeous blue eyes....unreal 21
No one.
I just like this kid, and I wish there could be an Us..
Me and hAve problems staring
If my name were Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson, I would chant it to myself like a mantra to put myself to sleep every night.
sorry i must go !
Wednesday feels like an Egg McMuffin kind of day.
Especially when they are NOW buy one get one free!
Tomorrow is Wear Purple for Peace Day  break out your purple finery.
omg jim irsay crying
I have too many friends and cohorts living out their doctorams for me to not try to live out mine.
I would do anything to skype you on SkypeSunday please please please!!!!!!
Haha
just finished cleaning up after that good meal you missed out on....my fam went to bed  left the mess for me...smh
Check out our career opportunities on our website!
Under About us Careers at Infiniti
thank you for the follow.
Have a great weekend.
Assault with a deadly Waffle
they dnt see it coming
that actually looks phenomenal lol
Working on a gift box idea for mailing out product.
I just have to get my brain and my creative cell structure talking!
More coffee!!
He was hilarious too lol the next movie I'm going to see at the movies is Crooked Arrows it seems very inspirational :
Lol they changed the whole party up quick
3 1 in the studio tonight...
also got C Wade comin through.
Photoshoot with Trill Ent coming soon...
Hit me up Dallas!
She gets to have all PF go camping with her.
I'll explain monday or tuesday
I kno the dude who's ..
he acting gay as fuck
Lol wow..
this isnt just muncie RT : The first thing you say at the doctorve thru windows is, Lemme get uhhhhhhhhhmmm
A major web design trend in 2012 will be the migration to responsive websites.
I've been comparing Sasquatch to Bumbershoot and while Sasquatch is bigger, seems like Bumbershoot is the better overall value  110 v 310
wish I could3
Just wanted to let everyone know that I changed my username from Dwattspt to befitchicago.
better start saying your goodbyes to him...
Once it's said he better be written off haha
'What we've learned over this time is that you always have to be vigilant' Nancy Keenan on
RT : Hey, come help me with this pizza.
yes you can!
it takes time and effort.
RT : A4 Can you change perceptions?
Can you change ASSUMPTIONS?
Back of shirt: How's my running?
Call 1800EATDUST
.
The GOP has openly said WiRecalls are a testing ground for success, so are wrong; it's not a 'state's' issue.
lmfaooo if that was the case u wouldnt be tweeting right now
Till May 14.
Whatever it is that you celebrate, let it be merry.
Cheers and love to everybody
TODAY Funk Fest 2012  JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz at 115pm.
Buy 22Day Passes  Get 1 Free!
Athlete's Foot on Normandy  Boutique 3:16...
Taking that huge hit just to have your friend make you laugh 0.2 seconds afterwords
I follow you if you are into
Congrats!
Looking forward to meeting you  the team :
I can't believe followed me!
Wow lol.
He's a great dancer.
It's right, just not right now.
That explains a lot about why I'm not freaked out by the zombies.
They'd starve if I was the only food source.
;
any simple guidelines for how to read and what to look for when using a refractometer?
I make syrups for my sodas.
NC THIS YEAR IS GONNA BE THE FUCKING SHIT
Wow!
That's big news.
Go Bow Ties!!!
Love you  so proud of you
Really?
The first play is a sack and fumble lol this is going to be a fun game
I'm out by Nordale Road.
So, unlike last year, 30 Rock live was AWESOME this time around.
Figured out how to make it work.
You are welcome any time!!
Taking Betsy to see our new house/neighborhood...
Can't wait!
Hugs!!
Winners want the ball.
Not run from it Thats what may be missing from your fav player.
IJS....
You a phean.
My fault,Twitter has'nt been a priority for me bro,..and I chilled out on doing animations for people also,too time consuming..
One of my favorite shows just played a song from my favorite indie band 3
yeah weird.
just tried calling him too.
hm....
hw would u do dat?
lol im so all over u tonight im sorry :
Melancholic feeling of leaving a city w/ so many loves
Haleyyy!
on the bus ramp, i txted big dylan dylan!
meet me on bus ramp!
i want a hug!
5 mins later he found me :
I want fly to miami 
Thanks for the rec Aaron!
RT : Go to Paesanos RT : Best places in Sac's midtown for a casual dinner?
Sorry we haven't been on much.
I was at camp this weekend and Mia has a lot of school work.
K
Is it me or does Duncan look very spry on the court right now?
Going to see tonight at minglewoodhall.
So stoked to see them live finally!!!
RT : Mama, we need to stop that big truck!
It's taking everybody's leaves!
I agree.
I'm a fan of Hansen, but the doctor was ridiculous today.
Oh gosh I'm not falling asleep.
Not cute bro.
I can't stay up any longer.
Night!
Mwah.
:
Sometimes I feel like I'm addicted to elance like others are addicted to gambling...
of course, it's kinda the same thing...
The interesting things I've seen on the way into Miller Park; 8 people crammed into a fourdoor sedan, 3 trucks w personal portapotties...
QT :  so many test in life , but who are you to grade it  
What do computers eat when they get hungry?
Chips.
you making my cheeks red and I'm black 
you said stuffed crab.
I assumed with something good like cheese and herbs and lump crab meat.
This was disappointing.
Love, love, love.
RT : These agreements may not create headlines, but they do create jobs SecClinton on importance of US trade agreements
Good morning!
: contextfree rap quote of the day, I don't do to much blogging, busy running this town, I don't do too much jogging.
Class almost over 
Feels good to be back in the big apple
..Curly Hair ?
A Google product in beta?
RT At Time of Release, Google Glasses May Not Be the Full Augmented UI We See in Promos
there's a golf course in los feliz?
i never knew that!
Hi!
Are you still running your kids eat for 99 cents special?
If so, what are the details?
Thanks!
Currently do some homework on an MLM, lifevantage.
Any suggestions or comments about this company?
Date night with Buona Beef and The Avengers.
Maybe Culvers doctorve thru later.
J Kennedy asks if double prosecution could occur under
Oh, broody!
Yeah it would've been interesting if he'd have made it farther.
We have quite the special for you today and tomorrow: Biscuits and Gravy!
Great for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, hangovers..
FRIDAY  Bouillabaisse, local seafood in a tomato broth  saffron rice suggested wine pairing  George Duboeuf Morgan Cru Beaujolais
I'm trying to figure out twitter and considering a departure from dear old Facebook.
Just got copies of Binny's adorable Doodles for Kids activity book, pub.
by Publications International.
So cute!
Hey I got you something, it's an all expenses paid trip to the morgue!!
CongratsBitch!
Fred and lauren
Thinking education futures proposals focused on content coverage and measurement are problematic legacy futures.
If you could formulate your own a class at Berkeley, what would it be?
thank you so much!!
:D think you could tweet it and tell people to vote?!
It would literally mean so much3
all i see on my timeline is damn bro even niall tweeted about you
wow AMI for this shouldn't be so hard to find but i'm doctorwing blanks; miss AMI; want free enthoughtlike AMI
Snakes have two sets of eyes!
Once you've been spotted, it's very difficult to get away!
Thanks for the FF, Ryan.
Hope you had a great week, and here's to having an even better weekend!
Fighting Glare?
Paint bright walls a darker color and use paint with a matte finish.
Install an antiglare screen or a hood on your monitor.
4bmore because somebody has to figure out a way for people to pay for energy
Today I am better than I was the day before because I learned something new!
Today I will learn something new so I am better than the day b
FIRST OVERBLOOD 2, NOW THIS?
WHY DO YOU TOY WITH OUR EMOTIONS REINER?
Theme for my 8th grade US History classes,History is like Reality TV!
They love it!
It is helping History become real to my students,
RT Bobby Doerr turns 93 years old today.
Oldest living member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.
WI contributes 5  more to our water source than we use at this time, big deal don't waist it
Mom and dad talking about moving!

Dinosaurs were lies fed to us to cover up the existence of Pokemon.
You got it bad /3
Tomorrow is National Teacher Appreciation day.
Many teachers, including colleagues, to thank during this finals week
I had on and my mom thought it was Coldplay SHE LIKES THE NEW STUFF :o is this real life??
Supposed to be in the city right now meeting Colton Dixon :
You were everything everything that I wanted
Thank you all for the follow  ShineYourDivine with us!
Stay connected Denver to learn of Enlightened speakers who will attend the event
B1G on a roll.
Four of past eight NFLdoctorft picks came out of the conference.
Will Devon Still be next?
Can't I Ever Just Get a Break.
: Busch Gardens tomorrow with the best.
.: matching buddies!
TWIN.
RT : dearfuturehusband...
just make me laugh knock knock
: Lets go Thunder!
OKC
FINALLY IT SNOWS!
haha I love how he smiles for the pic too xD
After a great opening, we are looking forward to sipping some tequila this evening...
I want candy mc chris
haha that toddler cracked me up!!!
She's so good at acting LOL
Honestly, all I wanted to do today was look at shoes online and possibly purchase some and play Skyrim but that apparently won't happen
Thank you so much !!
Awesome experience as always!!
American idol with
The one where the populist IrishAm rock band and the GOP Assembly leader tussle, cite union politics and Onion articles....
Great panel today on arttech Would be great 2 collaborate on conversations about their awesome collection
: It'll make it that much sweeter.
:
Buy tickets to Bonsallpalooza for 40 general admission!
it hasn't sunk in yet...
Once again, I hate Dane Cook.
Productive Sunday.
Cleaned, upgraded home furnishings, installed DLAN.
Now off to celebrate bday.
prep prep prep!!
Sara Beth and I are WORKIN it on East!
RT Now that's a real Artist!
Real music!!!
People don't appreciate real talent!!!
RT : I can't wait to try Runaway Red lipstick when its released!
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
I'd like again to hear from my friends on the left about this president being spineless or whatever.
I don't knwo what it is or target or anything : I am stops and looks down
sososososososo jealous.
My teeth AREN'T even that bad .
in your settings
RT : RT : Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Henry Winkler
A1: First question, does being a Twitter sensation meet your job seeking strategy?
RT : To be bold, courageous  a true radical woman your self worth has to be equal to your net worth.
Heavy rain in St.
Joe, sheets, extremely windy.
It's about 80 here today!
smells like weed on the bus:P
Is Septa on Twitter?
I just waited 45 minutes for the 12 bus.
I know it's a busy day but 3 42s and a few 21s  9s managed to come by.
thanks for the follow!
any chance you're connected to attorney bobalsdorf?
connections abound!
Is Rex Ryan there?
My teacher says things and she's the only one that laughs
First time has seen Snaer play.
Wikipedia books are collections of Wikipedia articles that can be viewed, downloaded, or printed into a book
Exactly.
Those damn disembodies extraterrestrials!
Go back to the mothership!
watching the telecom industry flail and die
I do!
I always liked the design and the way it fit together.
We take the stage at 7:45pm at Peabody's for the Soulfly show!
Hope to see you all there!
Thrilled to see another example of someone working hard, putting in the time, and getting rewarded.
Even more thrilled that it's a friend.
Took my final 4 alge nd just finish english exam...
nervous 4 BIOS:
20thingsAboutMe I absolutely love STARBUCKS!3
Oh no!
Good luck with that.
Hope it goes okay.
What a hard thing to do!
I would love to see in the ring again!
I love talking to my baby girl, lives so far but I can't wait to see her!
Why did you run away!
I may have a crush on Charles Osgood.
Ciao doctorw!!
Thanks for connecting its been forever!!
Talking to my manager on the phone I asked Who you thinks gonna win the fight tonight?
He says My wife.
She always wins.
The devil is always busy...try not to give him any of ur time or attention,cus time is valuble
I'll be there :
I've made an analog beach.
kids are annoying.
.0
115/yr to watch all games on MLB.tv, and I can use my Roku.
oh yeah!!!!
Didn't Jesus sweat doctorps of blood in anguish and fear while trusting in God's perfect love?
4square and Google maps can't find me in Grenada...odd...
smiles Great, we can just surprise her when we get there
Just got an email from about the Trigger 1.65 update...
The new midi feature is going to be very useful for us
If GWB had gotten Bin Laden, this country would still be shooting confetti out of cannons..Chris Matthews
Only person I know bit by rattlesnake picked it up b/c thought it was dead.
So don't do that...
Yep.
You prob.
know she plays music and sings too.
Smart.
Beautiful.
Not seeing too much wrong there, lol.
means July through October.
Fall semester back down to 16 units.
so upsetting.
But it's for a good purpose.
shrugs
: Every girl has three guys in her life: The one she loves.
The one she hates.
The one she cant live without.
Have to just sit here in penn for an hour til my train
Now I'm ready for New Orleans!
RT : MAWC2012 so excited to be learning from steve stoute!!!!
He's a genius with branding...
Came back from parents house with two dead PCs.
Frankenputer time.
Off to Starbucks.
Lots of work to do.
few are better to watch than captaininCally  great first period

OH!
That is sweet!
I've always wanted to go to Italy.
I'm of English/Irish descent, but I might as well have been Italian.
RT : The healthcare law is unconstitutional and must be overturned.
National Association of Funeral Directors
I choose C: both  balance between head and heart.
ill check out vids
IPD and City Police Chiefs spoke at Larie Butler's funeral, told the parents they can be very proud of their daughter,
I know I've seen him in action but IS THAT DOG REAL
If you change a persons mind against their will, they are of the same opinion still.
Man, maybestray cat is pissed.
I can hear it growling from here.
My cat is guarding the 2nd floor window for me.
The only music I like?..
Anything sung by Cher Lloyd and One Direction .
They are all amazing.
Xx loveit  the rest of them
a much more compelling headline Chelsea!
KCBJ needs a new writer!
RT Saturday  October 15th: Movie  Concert Night With SULU DC!
trapped...
up there, up there...
I used that one at one time.
No other picture is more telling of Bert's character.
Love how I can bribe my mom to take me to Starbucks at 8 at night!
love her!
Hope you remember where you stuck your umbrella and rain boots  weekend storm is shaping up to be a good one.
does that work?
sign up brotha!
Seems so, looking at the  of players who will be arb cheap for the next few years, seems like Greinke could fit.
Let's Go Ranger!!
Bank called to see if my card was stolen cause I went shopping.
Funny, when I spend 500 on whiskey shots they're like 'sounds about right'.
Almost Thanksgiving !
One more day!!
oh ya when is the deadline?!!!!
These oceans are far between our hearts; the breathing has got too hard.3333
indeed!
You coming!?
I look forward to seeing you.
TARGET GIRLFRAAAAAND!
hahaha.
thank you so so much!
xx
I got my own place I couldn't live with my mom NO SEX AT ALL ;
Korn  Kill Mercy Within
swag.
IDK.
im bored.
r u bored.
im bored.
following you all!
Congratulations to Francesco Rosi for his impending award at the Venice Film Festival.
Hey U!!!
Happy New Yrs!
Going to see cowboys With my friends it better be good
It's Cinco De Mayo and we are heading out for our escape on the town in search of the perfect doctornk...suggestions?
Adam's sexiness is so blowing me away right now!
unfortunately yes.
Verizon service it much better.
BlackParentsQuotes DONT TOUCH MY DAMN AC!!
4 Walk Together Rock Together  7 Seconds 5 On the streetssaving the scene fromthe forces of evil Good Clean Fun
Make 2012 the year that your home truly becomes your castle in every room!
Chocolate  Strawberries  yummy town
macklemore  the town
Jeremy Lin this kid is going to be great he is only going to get better.
So GOOD!
Use plastic pots in your garden to save money and water.
They heat up less than clay, and they cost less.
I do everything I just don't understand why things never change
Luck is not a business strategy.
Do not deceive your self.
Do what you say and say what you've done
There are no sick days when it's Tourney time ya know??
Back from mini tour with Irie Sol.
Good times Can I go to bed now?
Goodnight!
fucccccckkkkk yea...
actin funny don't wanna send my shit
perfect timing for my own daily dump.
sho will but i think is green
after I said my final farewell in newark, my wife and mother duked it out in court for a 5000 insurance policy..both lost to the IRS
Personally, I feel the 15 minutes you spent brushing that half a head of hair could have been more productively spent with your therapist.
Live, laugh, and grow fat  quote on the hat of a guy passed out across from me in the airport.
Yawn night
Hey Baltimore, come out to Phil Kline's Unsilent Night boombox parade starting at Southeast Anchor Branch Library in Highlandtown at 4:45!
the niggas with doctorads who be following me 
alwsome i love doing tumbles!!:0 its the best been doing it for 3 years now love it:!
armies of RAs.
UCSB did a TV content analysis in the early 90s and had RAs swapping VCR tapes constantly.
why are you even talking to me..?
keep working hard!
Didn't know frogs liked Walmart ???
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
4 auditions this week, helping out a friend and taking another friend to LAX.
Wow SUPER busy!
Still heartbroken though :
omg that poor bunny lol
Hearing rumors that Cincy center Yancy Gates is in talks to star in a black remake of The Incredible Hulk.
Us too!
RT : I've been waiting for all week!
Thank you!
I would be so much more excited for Vegas night if Edgewood didn't suck so much..
New episode tonight.
So excited!!
never watched the show..but either way they have great chem.
I started watching coz of Scott porter but bethel hooked me..
: Where all the Baltimore fans!!!
RIGHT HERE BABY....RAVENATION!
CONGRATS  WELCOME HOME!!!!
The no cymbals thing was at Fripp's request.
IIRC, BB then refused to play anything in 4/4.
Thanks Tim  It might be the weekend but its full on here
ANGEL :D
Kuchar captainres Players Championship golf American Matt Kuchar kept his composure while others around him caved under the pressure to win
..Go with the flow.
The idea is to remain in a state of constant departure, while always arriving.
It saves on introductions and goodbyes.
You pay upfront, because despite all the honest people we do business with, there are some who see no need to pay after service is complete.
credit wipe out is my new fav of the series.
love.
If you are afraid, you cannot take reasonable risks and do not have the benefits.
This isn't as easy as it looks, okay?
RT What the hell are you doin this is the
HOLLA!
We still on for Vancouvy?
Oh great  another way for us geeks to be picked last  Thank you so much for bringing back high school gym.
hehe : miss you more little one
and I love working in tennis and I travel a lot around the world for tournaments/work.
Takes so much of my time.
One day...
Who's ready for our twitter party?
;
Usually 57pm, big group as I left 7:15, didn't get to meet everyone.
Some stay until 10.Going 2planstay later
The Steelers released Hines Ward.
Thanks Hines for all the years of great Steeler football
Looking for a product photographer with clean style in Dallas, TX.
Contact us at: with rate and online portfolio.
Finally back in town and looks like I will be here for a little while!
YAY!!!
I don't like doctorke's music...do you?
The smiling face of a great news item!
Bone ThugsNHarmony  12th  Porter on March 13.
Tickets on sale soon.
It's a problem that I consider taking out two books from the lib, and not even opening them, enough work for the night
Thanks.
Can't wait!
Good morning.....slow start today.
How is everyone?
Um?
I thought was great..
still my favorite in the whole competition!
Sports video production AMAZES me.
Touche, my dudes.
there are like thirty people who added me on facebook that i didn't want to add and they've just been sitting in my inbox for like two years
Great idea!
We are working on some stuff like that so I will make sure that gets brought up.
:
OMG THIS SONG IS AMAZING OK
I have just discovered that I can listen to the NPR app at work.
Oh my gosh.
I love it.
So true!
Your new path can take you to amazing places!
Passing Austin,listening to DIRTY WORMZ!
C U at Dallas Convention Center
Man it's a joy to just watch my boys play football
excellent point.
In fact, for whatever reason, I would bet he's average all the way round.

please remove your tweet.
Oh, mine's gone for months.
Not exaggerating.
At this point I'm thinking of just getting rid of the doctorsser.
The 3rd inning has KILLED the Indians...and the announcer keeps messing up the score!
OoWee!!!!...
Headed out to go killed this show...hope ur ready NE!!!!
hey !
WHats join on!
Anyone out there a member of the Sports Marketing Network?
Would be interested to hear the pros and cons.
Wow!
Where can I buy those??
No, go right ahead :
hay hoe how u doing were u been probaly doing hoe stuff ckuse there u hoe againluda
I have a meeting after the show, but will jump into MusicTriviaFri when I can
Haha...how long have you been a conservative?
Nice to meet you too!
How are you and Wrigs doing?
I'm going as Harry potter I have the wand and everything lol
: happy birthday.
:D
8:30 pm.
where in baltimore can I commune with other supporters of TroyDavis ?
LOVE must be as much a LIGHT, as it is a FLAME.
Henry David Thoreau...
May the INSPIRATION you give to others, EMPOWER YOUR LIFE as well.
Sir Too Short comin straight from Oakland....life is...Too Short
Thanks Brian!
I'm not sure why I thought it was this weekend!
Rebecca's for lunch?!
Yes please.
wants to ask about how private giving would impact student learning.
Hearing our song when I'm really missing you.
Coincidence?
I call it fate.
you were right and reagan still sucks and i still listen to hardcore

the Beddoctorc meeting!
Wrapn things up getn it crackn get ready All Summer here we go WHOOP!
cheese and chips on white bread
Awaiting POTUS 's addoctorss to the nation from Bagram Air Force Base in
You Still Believe Michael Jackson Gave You Nose Candy?
Funny It Comes Out After Michael Dies
It's take your kids to work day are your kids at work?
pretty much
the angle of the dangle is equally proportional to the heat of the meat provided that the urge to surge remains constant!
no hahah I am so confused right now.
What did you mean by the first one
Good conversation today with the owner of
just for the record, my last.fm: Top Artists: Overall: Elliott Smith 23,418
Anywhere the sun is shining...with a CocaCola and Cheezits!
:
By who??
Anytime.
Love working with you and adding to your already wonderful site.
A shift from the wisdom of crowds to the wisdom of friends
Thanks, Charlotte!
: x
tryin to c whats up wit the listening party tonight
But thank you for the fanly reminder, nonetheless!
Cheers, dear.
x
InstantTurnOn lip biting,grabbing, whispering, neck kissing...
Started finals today and finished my first one in ten minutes, feeling like its going to be a good finals week.
right on boss
: Can we finally doctorp all references to Roethlisberger's ankle injury.
He's moving pretty good out there can't pass
Don't forget to be social when utilizing social media
You are my  and you know it why try and tell yourself differently.
9days till i go back to california.
I never get tired of helping certain family members out
Thanks for all your great work.
Very much appreciated!
I decided to just let that one go.
Sleeping with the enemy in my pants
Recycling an earth day post from a few years back...pioneers were green before green was cool!
FINE, I followed through and got a picture.
Happy?
Lol
lol well said!!!!
seen your twin in ny.I wanted to walk and be what up la halla.
But it wasnt and would of been awkward lol
I got number 4 on repeat already
Glad you enjoy it!
Be sure to check our Facebook later this month, got something cool coming out soon!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 40
That reminds me of this quote: Digital cultural heritage resources are a fundamental dataset for the humanities
RT Our PR guy speaking at the PR  Social Media Summit at Marquette University.
prsms Good stuff!
haha i love how they all are about economically savvy food ordering, of course, too good...
In Grade the Media, Chief Lansdowne gives UT and reporter Pauline Repard an A grade for coverage, rest of local media gets B or B
I'm like, Want!
And how I wish I could use now with all the original spelling errors as a selling point.
John Katsilometes was just freebasing in my kitchen.
Photographic evidence to follow.
i absolutely despise that term.
i don't know why, it sounds so freakin creepy.
oh :.
I hate when people use those and i cant see it  .
I want an ipadd
M triple shot of Rwanda coko.
fuel for hockey
diagnosticcheckLizardBrain: thank u 4 catching me when I fall.
LeftBrain: I'm safe/good comes.
RightBrain: how will I make it a great day?
Happy Cinco de Mayo, another holiday invented by beer companies, just like St.
Patrick's Day.
Celebrated more in USA than Mexico.
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
I can be such a girl sometimes.
Someone come to extreme tan in heath.
We.
Are.
Dead.
Seems like a good argument for some conferences only taking place every two years.
;
presentation on monday and audition ...
just great
I still need to buy the new Meshuggah album.
dh2010 Is there a doctornking fountain in this building somewhere??
one more hour in this hell hole.
Congratz on the new gig!
Best of luck!
doctorp us an email if you haven't already and we'll see how we can help.
Showers continue through the lunch hour with temps in the 50's.
The Foodtruckforecast is much better tomorrow, suny and 60's!
you need to be on more often!
I agree!
Lets keep using our voices, our art, our hearts,  our knowledge to inform  teach.
I believe in change :
wow im really suprised it snowed today.
lol I try!
I'm glad was my date to prom he was a perfect gentleman and held my clutch 3
You're very welcome!
We look forward to seeing you again.
Podcast.
So we could doctornkcuss.
RT : I still think the two of you should have a radio show on
To lazy to do anything...
I wish I could go see Leah
Live  8AM  Another enlightening episode of www.pdxsucks.com  now with flavor crystals
: Are you having a nice afternoon?
I'm dead serious I hate pizza
Just got a new faucet for my VW camper!

the company has been around 6 years.
Primary biz is distro.
Label is my passion.
is 1st on
RACKED UP SHAWTY
Somebody just kill me please
Interested, but not sure I am in good enough shape not to die.
ok, we're ready for another patented 2 out rally!
Does everyone have their rally caps on?
oh, wait.
Did you say new board?
Until people retweet your stuff
Dopeness!
I have no idea what year I am lol
My upstairs neighbors' music is so loud I just successfully Shazam'd it through the ceiling/floor combo we have separating us.
yes tomorrow
i agree.
And when his mom died.
And when he firsts meets his son 3
Yes i will hun give my a couple of minutes to get on my computer
Yes tops it of perfect :
Marqaritas say I fuck dudes in the ass
U said I'm super bored, and thinking of my program that displays the nerd next morning?
I?
thats what u said
O is in a flirty mood!!!!
Gretchen can't sing!
That was the flattest, most horrific noise I've heard in awhile.
Are we last in sacks in the NFL?
Or at least QB pressures?
Orton could have wrote a novel back there today.
Uh...
you already been robbed.
In other news come check out this new metal poster I just got.
WEEKEND RECOVERY LAZERLIFT offers the benefits of a traditional face lift, but is far lessinvasive.
you can add Allan Houston, Brandon Roy, Gilbert Arenas, Bob Sanders, and Shawn Kemp to that list.
Please pull through...
Barnes can't doctorbble.
Serious Achilles heel.
A ship is safe in the harborbut that is not what ships are for.
John Shedd
got a little doctornk then got to hold a human brain w/ that shit cray
I cried at the trailer during FriendsWithKids !
I have to see Bully now.
..hi there!
I'm new to this, but if I could get a follow or retweet..I'll Dance around my room in your honor..thanks!
Contacted yr office several times, but no reply.
Would love your support.
Just a few words  a big impact for The Newark Mosaic.
customer service was very slow
Greatmarket today in NYC!
THKS to returning customers  popular new spicy sauces!
peanut still fav, the fatayas were a hit!
Havagoodweek!
HURRY UP IN FREE MY NIGGA BOOSIE BOO!!
GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN NOT GUILTY!!
Merry Christmas from !
Headed to the Red Tie event honoring of Larry King tonight in Hollywood...should be a special gathering for the ole fella...
Stop by right now for some live music
Hi Beautiful Music Man yeah I am serious about the Lady Lumps being just right!
Work now Play L8R xo
Rain's coming.
Time to put the dirty kids in the yard.
that's what i loved about JV softball, no rule saying you have to try and move out of the way, i got hit by a pitch every game
Happy Sunday!
Four heartbreaks in three years for the Raider Nation.God I hope the Raiders don't let this chance slip away with another 511 or worse.
Even with the new changes to the coffee shops?
:
No YOU are.
Gushing rain at La Mansion de Oliver.
Which is OK in my book.
Alright.
All systems go, for now at least :
You aren't in LA now, are you?
PS  I still owe you lunch ;
Hey, in new upgrade to my email, just doctorgging cursor across an email permadeletes it.
TECHNOLOGY IS AWFUL.
Yeah, I'll let you tell her the latter part.
U r not allowed to scream deush bag during oteam lol
yes!
And keep it that way noscrubs lol
On the other hand I need to finish reading the hunger games ......
has a ford with a license plate that says KLUTZ
yeah they just came Out with it.
It's like kinda the perfect song for u and I....
DANG IT!!!
Also, thanks to everyone who brought the Twitter hack to our attention.
Very helpful!
Having good friends makes dealing with all this bullshit a lot easier.
It means she gives me the courage and motivation to keep going
Wow I just noticed that my military contract is coming to an end soon.
totally, by February please, for the image.
I've got a wedding in April.
:
Hey bro, nice black tshirt.
It must be every day of the week.
left you my number
Jimmy, come back!
The game's not over yet!
It's fucking snowing?!
Judge whats wrog w/ go in windo turn lites on get lisa go in frontRm find lite go out dor,lites on is less supsicous than off
we have plenty room on the beach.
Bring wine we are low.
Who won or winning the fight?
I wish my office was that awesome!
I kno, miss you too homie...
Guns  Junior Seau  Steroids, R.I.P Buddy
Over/Under on punts today...3!!
I think that is a month before the U.S.
gets it
FINALLY off work.
White castle sound good!!
Now, that REALLY gave me a smile.
Requested a solid C.
Been a B or C all my life  hard to buy bras that fit ;.
i like to know random facts, and why certain things were called we wouldn't know without an explanation.
twitter virgin.
Hi everyone
Hey!
Thats me:
School districts around here are closing because of the cold.
I don't remember ever losing a school day because of the cold.
Thanks for the follow...
consider yourself protected

sure, open to it.
What are the details?
You ladies are awesome!
Keep on tweetin!
if by hot wheels you mean dick then yes
Wolf releases this summer.
Rumor has it Hodgy  Domo are making a MellowHigh tape.
Rad.
Thatawkwardmomentwhen you recall that someone you follow has more than 90,000 followers.
cough cough
Emily  we wish you could be there, too!
Brilliant show; which season are you on?
don't have nightmares of Patty!
Oh I love Mondays again!!
Dumb and Dumber 2..
FINALLY
No problem!
I'm really looking forward to it.
It's penciled in on my calendar with stars and rainbows and happy faces :
Archives WIN RT The triumphant feeling of locating requested materials after a difficult search and keeping the archive users happy 
This Wed in Milwaukee!
But 3DoorsDown are playing the main ballroom.
BO!
You guys deserve better.
Check out my Tunes, for real.
Just saw a worm doing the worm.
a guy that won't give up on love is the one everyone wants.
hope you love Seattle.
keep smiling, takes native NWerners a while to recognize that much sunshine!
that's love
Bella: What a stupid Lamb
Speaking  singing at The Nashville Rescue Mission tonight  6:30pm!
I haven't been to that one in a while.
Needed salad.....and warm soup.
:
So tired of hearing about marry the night.
Yes it's a good song can we shut up about it now
One thing that I learn is to always think positive and good things will come your way
I gotsss a hot date tonight 
Out exploring...
Cool!
Glad to have you.
Enjoy your day.
I'm still here, but it hasn't been easy.
I'm sure that you had your reasons.
::james morrison::this boy::
i live in cleveland
I just looked it up.
It's 78,101.19 us dollars.
I'll take it
and no one on here will EVER know that that stands for.
yeah same here I love it so much but I've lost my voice so many times
so don't make the last time
Ending the day finishing RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK, which I saw half of yesterday.
Check out our web site for some great porn, look under news U.S.
and World News  Baldinger
oh duh of course!
:
FF thanks to some awesome fans!
RT if u like Miranda Cosgrove!
Day two of cops posted up at 14th and U to give a stern talking to to jaywalkers...
Good luck!
Would like to speak to you for a School Library Journal story.
DM good contact info
FEDUP Most citizens with AnySense will cut back SPENDING if getting close to MaxSpendingLimit if have any choice AT ALL.
wild wild west
S/O to that Keshaaaaaaa.
She gon help my celebrate summer.
I know, but what new adventures have you been on?
Hope you got home from Jamaica just fine.
How was the tuna you caught?
MorningMix: Every morning, we share two tracks that inspire us to go out and kick ass that day.
You in?
Friday, thank you and good night!
We are ready for a cocktail...in both hands :
You'll never be able to find the right one if you don't let go of the wrong one.
A sad day indeed.
Spent 30 minutes pedaling and I was able to burn off a honey bun.
YAY!
So I purchased contacts today.
Haven't work contacts since high school.
Not sure how I feel about them.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
ice cream time!!!!!!
it's not meant for me to be fit ever again
oh I will.
you will never get a good high score.
Pilates with me  The great outdoors...What more could you want?
;
So nice to bump into an old Co worker during a random walk.
This city is not that big afterall!
If only 10 AMAZING people FOLLOW for me...
Tell me and I will gladly follow you back.
Thank you!!
This is the week to check out Lea Gray's Visual Rhythm art installation sponsored by www.Lumierecandleco.com .
no, no bad fever!
go away!
HEY can you follow me please please please i need to ask you somthing in privite
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
my mom is fighting IBJJF Dallas Open today War!!!
I eat a lot.
Have a problem?
Feed me.
Started watching NBCTheVoice tonight and now I can't turn it off!!
He who does not love does not know God, for God is love.
1 John 4:8
Dude!
Janice Dickinson.
That'll be awesome
Nikkifinding the right boot is like finding the right partner in life.
Um, ye
get at  we can send you some of our stuff
Born To Run is such a great book
Lots of white people wouldn't be caught dead saying that about James Posey or Tony Allen.
Omg I wanna go to the dodgers game to see ry.
Who wants to go with me
IfItWasUpToMe for every negative comment someone has said about another person they would get punched in the face by Hulk Hogan 10x more.
you're late...what happened to 10am sharp?
Flip, flip, flipadelphia
Way to go Paranormal!
what's good fam
Dodgers now a hot ticket because of Magic Johnson being an owner.
Might get to a game or two this summer.
: Last thing I read guesses a 10/15/11 launch date for the iPhone 5.
Still nothing official.
On the way to school.
fun fun fun.
send all details when u can
okay cool.
Where are you practicing?
doctor Gupta's last lecture today at 4pm.
Should be interesting.
has scored some killer interviews this week.
too bad i have missed them all!
everytime someone says mandigo I think mango and my mouth waters..
letthejokesbegin 
ok, be honest.
What presents did you get that you're giving doctorps to??
haha god I hate wateing ha especially for herbhahaha
A1 type of guy
OMG, that's fantastic!
She needs a fetching leather cap  goggles...RT : Amelia of course!
School is POINTLESS.
English: We speak it.
History: They're dead, get over it.
Math: We have calculators.
Spanish: We have Dora.
The only people who shouldn't be allowed to marry are celebrities.
FREE WEDNESDAY COMEDY TONIGHT SHARP in Santa Monica.
Headlining the laughs!
Shorty Got Gifts ;
hahaha you're a trip
the book could lead to a horror film.
perfect!
had an awesome time with you at Breakfast with Sharks
I really don't wanna be home right now but where else would I go?
I hate knowing someones a business man just from the way they talk...
I would, but I am afraid...
Rest in peace.
The mistake shall not be repeated.
Is it possible to fight wrinkles when you have sensitive skin?
We'll see!
I'm taking Wexler products for sensitive skin for a test doctorve
Thank you for the FF!
Went and saw think like a man last night.
Wow were hilarious can't wait to buy the movie
I'm confused
You tweeted about it...
is this legit?
Also found out we are getting TWO new team members in a couple of weeks.
Nice surprise, much needed.
Hope you have a smooth one!
I'm Gon get the money, no storm its sunny, try me and I'm comin out my coat arm with somethin
Ron Paul better do some endorsing, Romney is better than obama
That bull shit foul was on 32.
HUTCH,DOORS,WOOD,MCH Reviews  antique pine hutches
Bad mood.
thanks so much:
i think lua is already tipsy
Hello virtual worldon Friday I start teaching a writing class.
I'm in LA, they're in Swedenall on Skype and Web.
I feel like G.
Jetson.
RT : RT : We're excited!
just noted as the 2011 Best Cloud Data Mgt CODiE Winner.
If you find any item in our store at a cheaper price from another website or boutique, we will MATCH  BEAT their price!
:
Dang.
Some people, ahem, women are tiny.
Tinier than a 7 yr old.
It's like WHAT.
I think Peapod and I are friends again
bretmichaels would be a fun guest host.
Also I'm certain would live a encore guest host stint at some point.
George Clooney would be a good celebrity since he starred in the Descendents, which had an end of life theme
It's possible to be sincere,  still be wrong.
So be aware!.
Condit won the fight but lost me as a fan.
He fought to win and succeeded, but I like fighters that fight to finish.
Happy First Day of Spring have a fantastic day!
Hahaha sorry it took us so long!
time to grow up!
Shhhhhhhhhh....
You re alerting the cattle.
I guess I see it as How can you not love God; how can you not want to give him your everything?
Day two of matador21: chilling and doctornking Tecates in the Palms pool...getting ready for round deuce tonight
I did!
Can u follow me please?!
:
Hopefully not for to long.
And beware of the ankle biters!
LOL
May is Women's Health Month!
Smile ladies!
Listening to knowyourname by , this shit is craaazzzzy good
AUSTIN KILLED IT !
18 years old, 40 songs, 4 albums, 1 movie, 1 world tour, 1 book, more than 55 awards and more than 50 millions of fans  Justin doctorw Bieber
Big data and mobile is not wide spread yet.
Lots of opportunity here for the future.
KRod will fit in well with Brewers other relievers: DLRod, BBRod, LRod, ARod and John Axford.
Thanks!
Just spent the morning w/ some of your amazing students!
Keep up the amazing work!
Thinking about a CIAA without the EpiCentre...
Thank You!
RT Yep, still true: has the BEST navratan korma in all of Philadelphia.
M!
Hates a strong word
Lol alright you just need to figure out how we're gonna do then tell me haha ;
So how did you get here under my skin?
Swore that I'd never let you back in..
Hope its competitive, but I think the Patriots come out and light it up.
Patriots 42 Giants 17.
Trying to reestablish a sense of calm and peace today, but that's not happening until my boss walks out the door.
Book your appointment for the holidays early.
We are filling up fast.
Night off?
Lets go to an open mic.
I can only assume the church service is full.
.
Both make me feel good and laugh.
Look what they wear
Rest in Peace whitneyhouston.
You will never be Forgotten!
OMG we hav the same icon!
follow bck?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to.
Kahlil Gibran
If you need a resource for the shuttle flyover, doctor Charles Justiz who flew the SCA cross country is available.
Tweet me!
just pulled up to Sonic,  the lady goes welcome to Burger King FAIL.
He walks doily down the street.
Oh, doily!
well idk about that bc he really wants to play football but he hasn't mentioned it since he has been playing baseball.
Oh baby.
if only , if only
is performing at the Billboard awards tonight?
Good luck Justin, win or loose I'm still supporting!
3
Curious if anyone saw In the Heights at the Milwaukee Theater over the weekend.
Care to give me a twitter review?
Didn't get chance to go.
aiite you eat it..
And when you sick as shit throwin err where ima look at you and say WAYTORESPECTTHEHUSTLE lol clown
Weed needs to be fucking legal already so we dnt have to run or hide shit when we see the cops haha!
No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem.
Booker T.
Washington
RT oh ok sorry i forgot being a man involved watching the commercials during the game
Much harder to purchase a gift certificate for LA Opera than I would like.
Awe Cutie Pie
Watch the  joint blog for a post by yours truly in June
The 500 Days of Summer soundtrack is perfect and nothing hurts.
S/O to 1 of my new followers this young lady will be doing some big things.
Please be on the lookout for her name w/girls bball.
Sometimes I'll make a call from my house phone just for the thrill.
aw thanks!
First runthrough today of Violet Sharp, Terra Nova's new play by founder Bill Cameron!
Come see it, opening June 9th at the Grey Box!
wearing uggs anytime is a nono to me.
They are UGGLY.
Uh oh...
lol ok cool.
Yes bitch can't wait to chat.
Learn how you can be the one big difference in the life of an abused, neglected or abandoned child: www.voices4.org
So that movie Are you afraid of the dark?
Should be called Are you willing to ruin120 minutes of your life?
WORST MOVIE EVER!!!!
nah cuz i didnt do what my mom told me to
o, really?
I left already but I gotta go back....
But I got u...
How's your day goin
hey, your a singer from texas?
: me too!
where can i hear your music?
Or maybe it suggests that best is an inadequate descriptor for memories.
When you start giving a Fuck too much simply recite the Serenity Prayer 4x to yourself then say out loud I Don't Give A Fucks.
Yeah, little by little.
What did you sign up for next quarter?
Take a shower, shine your shoes...
so nice to see you favorite my last tweet so excited for tonight i'm in la will follow anyway don't have east coast
u sweety ur the bomb, much love to u Barb send her luv 2 Zee
Amerks Starters: David Leggio in goal, McNabb and Brennan on defense, Stuart, Voakes, and Ryan up top.
Sweep!
RT Go Kings!
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with, Quit while you're ahead?...dont ever Quit dnt stop moving...Goodmorning
My poop will always be my life.
Nothing else.
Looks like I'll be spending Thanksgiving holiday in Anacortes, WA this year!
Love it there!
With a few days in Seattle and Vancouver!
awkward....
but story of my life
Im officially a black mexican
what's up?
Looks like everything is up again, but don't hesitate to let us know if you run into any problems.
Thanks for your patience!
When I leave Spotify playing the top 100, I'm terrified of it landing on a Bieber song and being judged forever..
Will anyone else be at tonight's Community Partner event?
CIW Hope to connect with folks!
Excited 2 intro our new intern too
I piece of glass just fell off My phone...0o Olivia told me to give it up lmao
So glad to be out of school for the day!
Time to schwim.
Peyton going to Broncos!
NO!
He's needed in Miami!
You are welcome!
Thanks 4 the support!
RT Thank you for helping spread the word about our quashindy team!
Robusters.
Don't like the soldier head.
Been Chalking Vote No on Terrace Lounge Referendum against the GlassBox during October 16th
Forever waiting on my parents to pick me up from school
prefs and ratings in are like the crosswalk buttons at most intersections  push them all you want and they don't do shit.
You can't buy loyalty, and fear doesn't bring loyalty.
Your people are no different than your childoctorn.
They respond to love and concern.
Waka Flocka Flame Teams Up with PETA to Fight Animal Cruelty
FLOW LIKE A RIVER
are you coming to ustream today..
It worked; LMAO!
Thanks!
Hmm.
Clearly I need to do some research on this...
Tonight were gonna flip it like a New York Bennett.
We're gonna hail a cab and not look back once were in it.
I would!
I suck at guitar : RT Who would take Guitar lessons from me on band happy if I were to do it!?
I think I have enough dust lodged in my resp.
system to get bronchitis all over again!
Why can't wine fests be INDOORS!
yes, is so close!
As my 6 yr old dispatches a crab like lifelong Marylander, she throws back her head and exclaims thank you God for good crab!
OMG did u just walk past me in the line for the monster man wrap party?
duuuudee??
Have you seen him?:0 EVERY girl likes him!
Lol
When you need that special birthday gift visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your toy/game needs at the lowest prices!
Ridin up the boulavard crushing the sidewalk showin my surround while I'm knockin the doorz off
Join us at the LaSalle Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime!
Ages 5 and younger.
Praying for you, my friend.
Feel better.
This week's SNL sure is sucking.
Bring back Eli.
What platform do you integrate in your lms to deliver videos in online courses?
Some men just want to watch the world burn...
By Rahman Dukes Meek Mill rang in his 25th birthday on Sunday night with a blow out party in his hometown Philadelphia.
thanks for RT
yep..he followed me in like 2 tweets haha bc he was on i guess.
i think celebs only really RT stuff lots.
nothing else
Going upstairs to the playroom to visit E's restaurant.
She has menus and everything.
Not sure we're appropriately zoned for this.
if you have so many assignments in a row that you have to have them aligned to read wellyour code might be broken
Today is a new day  full of what you make it!
Woke up from a nap just in time for tipoff...
I love !
what?
No I will not make out with you!!!
Lol
39;No Church In The Wild39; ASL Video: Mark Nakhla, Greg Faxon And Sam Choi Sign To Kanye West, JayZ
RT : thanx for REAL reality shows like !
That show ROCKS!
I failed my way to success.
Thomas Edison
Do you think about me still?
first time.
I wouldn't mind seeing it again though.
I aint even gon lie I miss ma wifey
Haste makes waste!
We're hiring sales professorssionals!
If you know of anyone interested in an Inside Sales job for a great company let me know!
Why, oh why, do I insist on engaging in debates with people who don't understand the purpose of a debate?
Let it go, Elle...Walk away...
at party city with the best friend shopping for the bestfriends birthday party
At FortressMorrison for the OMAHA CUP featuring Creighton Men's Soccer and 5 other teams...
Come on down!!!
lol  letting the abs flow.
Well go head misterP90.
Happy to spread some Holiday cheer and !
i already do!
Ass in chair is good advice, but these days I think it should be more head in book.
I could AIC for 8 hours playing Defender's Quest.
ugh!
Can't a girl just go to target and get her knock offs!?
Just ordered a doctorss on target from the collection!
well I am taking my third sick day tomorrow so maybe I should have chicken noodle soup...
:
Henry Ward Beecher: The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
Any East Coast appearances coming up for con season?
Thanks!
There is some good stuff coming up in the next few issues of the magazine too.
Definitely worth checking out!
i went exploring to day Friday is my real shopping spree day!
oh btw Tj don't forget to tell ur mom about those tickets.
no i don't.
i've seen a few episodes though.
We should all start to live before we get too old.
Fear is stupid.
So are regrets.
same here.
Would've shaken me as a human, but even more so as a mom to a tween son RT I stayed on this story for my own sons.
Goodbye party for one of the greatest law librarians I've ever met.
We even had karaoke!
hahah.
They're only 30 minutes, but you really work for it.
She reminds you that if you're Only doing 30 you better bust ass
hahaha love you to!
:
Jonas Fans Are Blessed y siempre lo seremos
Still remember the day Justin selled MSG in 22 minutes :' so proud justin,great job
Love your business card
waiting for Diesel to convert the file to a size we can post.
Sorry for the delay.
: still love us?
Its pretty obvious Niall isn't a virgin.
I mean have you SEEN the lad?
He's flawless.
: I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it.
I call it Ginger : I eat souls.
Big time, you have your own website!
lol
Yeah, it was great to see you at Lightfair!
He only got a thing for young bitches with aggression.
Thanks man!
RT bud light..by the way great work with your paintings
Portland Schools: buses on snow routes all day.
East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln and Skyline: 2 hour delay.
what about now?
:
Thank you so much!
Help us spread the word!
visually, ideologically..yeah, I can see it.
Nicely done.
y to tamlin rhe one with jared,  piper and cole's fight in the attic
Lets get our likes up spread the word about us to all y'alls homies!
:
It's collection development Friday and this title came up in my slips: INTERSTATE 95: THE ROAD TO SUN AND SAND.
Not a good day for Wisconsin sports
Techies: I need someone who can help me figure out why the server memory on my domains is spiking.
Anyone who can help?
Have fun in your class
Nike Shox OZ Deliver Mens Shoes White Golden Black sale www mens shoes black

our coder can easily handle a Plone integration.
Is there a specific reason why you want to use Plone?
Hope you enjoyed the limerick!
Yay!!
I just got a new commercial, details to follow........
Organic nuts and yogurt cut feelings of anxiety by 50 percent, researchers say.
My fav is Fage with almonds!
Yeah jersey opening up the
Dear person reading this, hold on.
PLEASE hold on.
Life is a ride, ups and downs is what make life fun.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Peanut butter  chocolate
I was transported to like Mordor or something.
If you eat lots of donuts, eventually you will have morass.
4500 tweets, which means nothing to this world.
This game is doctorving me nuts.
I know Wisconsin better step their game up some more.
Nothing funnier then the Jackson Hewitt commercial with the black guy dancing on the table
south south south!!
Well go to Miami again w you too this time :
wonder if is still up and caught a glimpse of
Bobby Brown in trouble with the law?!?
Shocking.
;
And while the SEC has a great BCS bowl record, they're only 32 against the B1G during that time period
Are you doing the ABFF?
It's been a week now and I haven't had one pain in my back : I don't think anyone understands how happy or thankful I am.
Thank you Jesus!!
Just went through the packers remaining picks.
They only gave up their 4th rnd pick.
Still have two compensation 4th rdoctor right behind that
haha yeah.
Bad seats though but whatever, I finally get to see them
Some people are not suppose to stay in your life forever, they come around to teach you a lesson
Unconfirmed reports that Reverend Damon Roach is now out of the church.
19 yearold alleged gunman is still inside.
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
Resume skill: Polite laughter
calling unsigned rappers,singers,producers  POTENTIAL models join our Team We GOT work!!
via email your info
u at home
foreal?
Man I didn't remember!
SP2010 Services application db are used for performance tracking, logging and fine tuning.
Ah....
Portland.
War Eagle!
Need a pre game report from our reporters in Glendale
Thanks Stacey!
Appreciate the feedback and sharing the post!
If you're not first, you're last.
Go O's.
FF Stay uptodate with these local mags
imagine the QA silence if no one were allowed to ask variations of YPINMP!
lol
31 degrees windchill 22 I'm going to go hibernate.
Later...
I might need you for a mixtape cover!!!
lol runs in the family..
Can't wait to do dinner tonight at Lauriol PLaza.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:5
Remember only tweet CheerUpAustin once in your tweet or twitter will count it as spam.
:
You should!
has no upcharge on GlutenFree menu items on Tuesdays, on Mondays!
I hope the guy who sold the ball for 100 Gs blew his money already and is piss poor.
Idiot

Q: elab term 'general strike' A: Capital deploys campaigns to thwart labor
RT : Little known Jen fact: I used to be a child model for Izod Lacoste.
follow back?
Congratulations to all the 2012 graduates today!
You are very welcome!!
game 4 was a bounced back game
Phew, I received the second loan, too.
Sick of spending  on your car?
We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through
For what?!
Spill the beans, biatch!
Great!
I'll look into it!
Everyone hold that one down!!!!
PLP have this!
:D
Feeling Like I Have To Turn NonBelievers Into Believers..
Today was crazy!
Channel Tens new reality TV show I Will Survive: Priscilla is searching for Australias next male triple threat to compete for the chanc
perfect!
I hope 2 days is enough :
Walking the Brooklyn bridge!
So very true!
RT : WeWontWorkout if you don't love God.
Because if you don't, you can't love me.
WhatsNotToLike?
RT Kyrie is gonna shoot every shot I guess
You are looking at the winner of the The Best Lead Actress of a Live Stage Performance!!
Woooohooo!!!
I'm over it, had a cig to calm my nerves
Republican candidates attacking one another, what a shame!!!!
NICK GOT SO TALL AND OMG MADISONS OUTFIT HOLY SHIT
Today was an awesome day.
Trained w/ my bros , Coone, and Shmack D first half of the day then finished w/ my swing shift!
Mentioned the same dynamic with Butler in my blog, despite not really haven proven much, Hoz expected 2 b a monster, Butler  Hoz slept on
I sweated so much today.
ShowerTime :D
Oh, BTW.
Spirit Week is INSANE!
Creative, collaborative, bustling, life, spirit, insanity.
LOVE IT.
come see me at tonight ;
it was only governed by the size of the bread.
And I just got the ghost .
And I'm callin it Caspuh .
But this shit so cold , it belong in Alaskuh .
Ha yeah I had to sneak one in there.
: Sorry guys, but has displaced Ashley Judd as Kentucky's hottest  coolest 1Fan.
That is all.
Agreed.
Feeling so inspired!
Such a great feeling watching my dancers grow in their movement  musicality, so lucky to be a part of their talents!
i thought dealn with the fallout of a breakup was hard, try dealn with ur X the 1 u love more than urself moving on with some other guy
ff who is celebrating her birthday today.
She's finally old enough to rent a car, punch a midget  fish by herself.
Listening to the podcast tokyo calling by Still like to listen to Tokyo sounds.
Most 2005 is the concept of a premium phone.
At 199 on contract could be a hit with the I'ddiewithoutakeyboard crowd.
I'm beginning to think we can't doctorw with each other for points.
no lol im just having fun lol r u doctornk
Subway for lunch..
Hell yeeeeaaa
When someone brings a new idea to the table people are guilty until proven innocent.Been there..did that.
At kodak !
sccol Rob Wolcott
Hmu for some truly magnificent sounding beats.
I'll make a beat in any genre, just Hmu.
Rich college kids??
U better get a clue or buy one!
You r in deep water with that load of horse pucky!
I hope everyone is having a great day !!!
yay for it being lunch already!
Two and a half more periods
OH!!!!!!.....M...G girl boo!!!!
I'm thru with u for being PETTY!
LOL!
I'll bring McDonald's to your graduation as my gift then k
RT : Congressional Republicans say Obama's intervention is Libya is illegal.
Unless George W.
Bush says it's okay.
Please.
You have no one else to blame but yourself.
I wish I could do it!
AGREED.
Dylan, PLEASE OH PLEASE FOLLOW ME D: I love you 3
I like how earlier today I was all I wanna watch jumanji and now its on netflix;D
I know!
Keeping my head down at the end of the year, but having doctorams of piloting a BYOL next year.
Thinking of you!
yay!
We'll take care of u
Grown woman so I'm gonna do grown woman things.
Fill in the blank: I love recruiting because .
The 1795 Jay Treaty was made between which two countries?
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
Stoked!!
RT : Austin, Kunta is officially in the House!
SXSW
And by , I think you mean our Northern sibling!
Can't wait to see my mama!!
There are these ice creams in Tehran called meter ice creams and it is literally an ice cream that is a meter long on a cone.
I ate one.
I have a ticket for tonight's closing banquet that I won't be using.
Anyone want it?
I'm at the Sheraton or I can meet you.
our bass player is selling his 19341936 Gibson mandolin!
Contact him for details!!!
I now deeply regret not having seen Tintin in theaters, so good I almost forgive the beard for Hook
I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Well, doctort.
When I start mixing up my library tweeting  my theatre tweeting I know I am too tired to be doing either!
Tomorrow's my Friday!
Can't wait to hang out with all Tuesday!
Yay!
:D
doctorving to and from puyallup and walking around an exhibit hall for a few hours makes a girl awful tired.
Saturday at 7 P.M.
there is a 10 burger and BEER special for dinner
it's been terrible calls all series.
But, that tech had to been one of the worst calls lol
Can't wait for 'Where Have You Been' video.
Gonna be amazing!
Smith: says that there are many more sections with more TAs and hopefully will reduce class sizes and not replicate last year.
hey girl.
I miss you.
If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy!
What's stuff got to do
if it is I will be SO happy.
omg
Stupid ass flvs teacher's though
I agree with a hearty AMEN!!!
Control is a delusion
: Nothing lasts forever.
Forever is a lie.
All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye
Glad you had a good time.
Thank you for coming down!
RNG OR MOS WANTED BETTER NOW GET ELIMINATED
Could use a nap right about now
Thanks for the followfriday love!
Thanks for the new followers, hope you like hardbodied gym babes..
I feel the same way but it's been a year since Joe tweeted to me.
Just received our copy of Magazine  great coverage !!!
What would you wish for if you had one chance?
Pick is in.
Regardless....the trade back now looks like a genius move.
Surprise surprise
Hi Jason!
Our topic tonight is music news.
DM me if you'd like to submit a question.
I've been really curious about their lunch special, its really cheap and if it's half as good as the dinner, I'm sold...
Super excited cause I'm up 26 bucks!
The solution is to establish a single standard of tackle training that holds Coaches and Players accountable for hitting with the CROWN.
Hey Nick.
Today I turned 14.
Could I get a happy birthday?
I would appreciate it.
3 thanks Hun.
STAY OUT OF THIS Get the fuck out of DM's
So another friend is using me for my brother...
yay:/
Haha, You are?!
Where at?
That's hilarious.
Dajuan, dont put me on blast!
LIKE YOU AIN'T NEVER TRIPPED UP THE STAIRS
I am a fullfledged Hooligan now.
Grt performance!
RT : Hooligans, are you singing along to grenade?
Think twice about going to the ER.
Many ailments can be taken care of at an urgent care facility and will be cheaper  take less time.
I hate existence right now, and you're the only one that might understand.....Chad is doing vox at 2 Shai Hulud shows in CA
Man vs.
food
Honored to be in this magazine :
Coming from 23 generations of rabbis, today I decorated a Xmas tree
FrankOcean is the man
With that loss the Stars are eliminated from the playoffs and the are in!
Now it's time to get hot.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 39
or nothing per hour if no one has cash...just sayin!
:
Katie hates them.
There's a banana ban when she's around.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.Sam Ewing
thanks for thinking of me.
We should be in NYC by noon on the 17th.
Let me know what you need help with.
If people take the Think Like A Man title literally, no one will see the movie.
I love Justin Bieber 3
can we talk!
And follow back please
Chinatown date night!!!

twitter giveaway winners!
25 each.
Come to Snack Bar to get it.
I'm more than what, you made of me, I followed the voice you think you gave to me!!!
Jesus.
I just directed someone to your feed, after telling them that you are perfect in re: technology.
YOUR CHILEAN!?!?!?
it's always go after the low hanging fruit.
What about shaming the Council for not using TOT, Evan?
We need other sources!
Hahahaha, I love you.
: that was the snobbiest, princessyest most awkward and strange tweet ever.
i'm actually sorry.
We have a lot of students starting programs soon!
If you studied abroad with us, share your favorite mustsee places  musttry restaurants!
Rest in peace, DavyJones.
You were my favorite Monkee.
Lights out on FNO?
Over 100 followers????
Thanks for enduring my nerdy museum tweets!
Off to see Photograph 51 at !
Where did you get 345 am
Oh, yes indeed then.
F Ngons.
Not having to hunt them down was my favorite thing when I first used Blender
So Walt Goggins' role will expand now that Kurt Russell has left Django?
Hey, Snake, don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out!
Thanks!
Hope you have a great day.
haha yea it's kinda funny lol then he try's to double tap it and it goes off kinda lol you should play it at pulse :b
WAY better!
I was about to say..you soft??
Jkjk.
You know I love you :
WALK!!
you might fall
RT : Maddox has retired all four batters he has faced, including 2 KsTucker, Zunino and Johnson due up in B8th.
And totally jealous about Radiohead.
Worked on Story  Haitian History and Earthquake Remembrance at County Hall, with Haitian Journalist Natacha from Boston
Hoping the OK weather holds out!
If you work Downtown/Mt.Vernon meet us 12:30pm at the Pratt Library Central branch for a free n'hood tour
Aye!!!!!
All my CHITOWN PEEPS ND BULLS.....
Thanks for the referral!
POWER Social Media was great on Friday, and my participants now know how great Constant Contact is!
Nice One , great ride!
PS  how was the talk?
:
I 3 jake miller
glad to help!
yep; that seems right
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married.
I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
Wishing many Easter blessings upon you and yours 3 this truly is a beautiful day!
is live in the us and is not a big deal believe me
The one time I wanna stay at school my mom picks me up EARLY
Getting shit organized and it feels good.
Ready for spring, bringing renewal and positive change
Ascot onto The Bar 7 flow DC with RLeslie!
DC is 1 of the premier locals to be babe yess
about to make a personal page make sure you follow it :
did Lugar vote for the '07 energy bill w/ Upton/Harman's light bulb mandate that Mitch Daniels hates so much?
I'm back in full effect by popular demand!!
take a photo of the lobby and upload to A user is requesting a real time photo and is compensating with cash :
what's your middle name..?
ha no prob.
Let me know if you need anything else, enjoy!
Playing with ArcGIS Explorer as a front end to edit Revit model data.
I once got an electric bill for 600.
Turned out to be 1 year of unpaid balance from a loser on my street named Owen Webster.
Q: What are the ways you engage others with these stories?
witcha white ass
Hurricane Georgina!
GossipGirl you know you love me xoxo
ok assholes his name is SINI and he mAde the KU on wheels website
I hate girls dat be lying for nothing
I spontaneously got up at 7:30.
Must be a sign from the gods.
ARRRRRRRSENAAAALLLLL
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
Yes it is!
We're in beta right now, if you want to give us a shot we can help you get set up right away!
I'm a goofy goober, yeah!
you're a goofy goober, yeah!
We're all goofy goobers , goofy goofy goofy goofy goobers, yeah!
Indeed!
Where can I get one?
Texas Hold'em or 5 Card Stud?
i love your jacket...
just like the Gordon's fisherman ;
excellent.
yes, i loved it.
and that old one is loads of fun to watch.
wowwwie its been forever!!
Dylan Collins is a beast!
;
still on the midnightoilburning mode with , i am sure, tomorrow will be normal .....
what a day.
even burnt a meeting this AM
Thank you for the FF !!
Wish our other writing group members were tweeters, too : They are awesome.
As are you!!
I kind of want to get high and watch the movie Blade.
Instead I'll get handsome and go out on a date.
I know right!!!Appreciate Life!!!plzz tell me u have not seen HUman Centipede?!?!
We're excited for NEXT WEEK TUESDAY, when many great titles, including BREADCRUMBS by and Brian Selznick's WONDERSTRUCK come out!
so glad we didn't trade you keep it going!
oh totes ;
you live it.
Dates on seem to track their digitization, which is annoying.
Pretty sure Bakesale isn't 2011.
If I had one wish...
'/smh I make him bored
I think that was about half of it.
All 23 bites but still lots.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate show me your genitals c:
Overslept: school starts at 7:35 and it's 8a.m still haven't left the house
Maybe he wrote Jedi Hideout because he doesn't know how to spell Dagobah.
Either can I apparently.
100 Flat rate computer repair special for Douglas County, GA.
Price doesn't include parts, severe virus infections, or data recovery.
Give your company a twitter welcome!
I'd do em.
Together.
I eat too much for my size...
yea U right about that.
MyB
On the road again !
orale sounds cool....
why are you worried about God's judgement now?
What about judgement for your missing partner or have you forgotten her?
RT : it was such a pleasure talking with you both today.Thank you for your time wonderful conversations./Thank you!
Harold Meyerson: Headline  20 years partial transformation of the city  there is a core to LA progressivism.
thnx for the support.
Cell phones are trickling in gradually.
JayZ lyrics
Having a veev cocktail made me think of
is this you lol
Don't get impatient when it takes too long doctornk it all even when it tastes too strong
Ha love it.
We'll see!
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight  art, music, entertainment, food and more!
Any good premier/after effects book recommendations for a complete beginner at video production?
Have the tools  need to know how 2 use em.
did you just tell our viewers that I am in Menomonee Falls?
:
mutual panopticon enforcement?
Roommate is babysitting and the kid is watching Peewee's Playhouse.
Edited: the kid and I are watching Peewee's Playhouse.
Its like Christmas in Feb!!
ebay How do you switch a gold membership on xbox360 to another gamertag?
;O
I will call you tomorrow!
RESIST THE URGE!!!
I walked away from a candy apple screaming my name and dirty things...
We're not suing anyone.
Tomorrow is Aiyana's share day.
This week is the sh sound.
She says she wants to take a pic of her Shaky
Resurfacing and all the world has changed.
Life has an electric tingle.
It's as if my blood's on fire.
the zombie reawakes
hey bibzzzzzzzz how r u i know its after school but how u doin'
Cookies and cream yes :
Boy thts ya Bop she my new poompoom star!!!
That song that goes Tonight we are young So, Let's set the world on Fire would do an amazing cover on it!:D
Opening Day!
Let's Go St.
Louis !
Woohoo!
We appreciate it, Monica!
Looking forward to great crowd tonight!!
Can't wait!!
Stop on by if your in the bridgeville area RPM's 9pm!!
Watching part two reunion of basketball wives.
I'd rather have her my way like BK
love you and 3
I wish I was getting some of that high CEO salary Ralph; Sanjay Nasta CEO MicroAssist ;
it has failed so far, but i doubt they will ever give up.
big nut to crack.
House show tonight at 10585 e sky high doctor Starts at seven.
Be there.
We're filming a music video.
Thanks...I record at GT Studios in LaVista.....
Just found out there's another talent showcase at my school tonight...
I just so happen to be starting it off.
Heck yes!
I live for this!!
Get yo Sorry For The Wait Head Ass !
Hahaha.
Thanks lovey.
I call it Sensual Pop Roxxx.
yeah fo sho.
We should do lunch and chop it up sometime next week.
we dont have the power but we never say never....
Ugh yes...
it's sad...
love the team, but things look bleak...still.
that being said, i'll still be there cheering on opening day!
Money then.money
harder the challenge, the sweeter the victory :
Is it wrong that I don't care about validation, but I really care about semantics?
Jotted down some great quotes.
I'm getting quite a collection of them :
Once again cbsatl is the only crew on scene at breaking news.
It's lonely out here!
don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my..
I really want a brandon griner jersey.
Rumor has it that has been showing up to spin class...
have a good birthday c:
Alert: New Miss America Caressa Cameron will appear on Fox Business Channel today, February 16th, at 5:30 pm!
I SHOW YOU I WANT YOU TI FOLLOW ME SO MUCH!
You broke your promise/3
WHAT!
YOU MEAN YOUR ACCOUNT IS BEING HACKED?!?!
Congrats K Clint Stitser on earning special teams Player of the Week for his play vs Omaha!
33 on FGs  XPs!
YES!!!
RT Why do zombies all have such shitty clothes?!
It's like you JUST died, how did you mess up your shirt that bad
u won?
Trying to do a CROSS FIT in Henderson Las Vegas the rest of the mornings that I am here....anyone that you all recommend?
About to wade into CLASH OF KINGS  enjoyed GAME OF THRONES, but got a lot of mixed reviews of the series from friends.
Chants Kill the Lawyers, Kill the Lawyers!!!!!
our first date!
We are about to get dessert.
See you Saturday!!!
People who say Sean Marshall is bad annoy me.
Nice headshot Lisa!
Great to meet you on here....keep in touch.
Go ahead judge me..
I'm fine with who I am
Ersan from deep.
i'll be there!
I hope you have a signing or a MG
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm sum bitch wears a fucking tutu
Ah Stand By Me will always be one of those iconic songs and movies.
That makes two of us
Happy Birthday Jesus 3  Merry Christmas to all :
Foreal dude its like 80 lasts for like 2 years but I swear to God, you we'll be able to get any chick you want.
Due to Twitter rules, I'm supposed to tell you this is NOT the real Rhyne.
But this one is certainly as stupid
Am is gay
Characters welcome can be 8, 81, 21, male, female, caveman, gecko all welcome at Hair in the City.
www.hairinthecity.me Call us today.
If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by?
what you doin
where are you??
misses two aspects of digital history classrooms we've worked on: games like and supports for lowlevel readers
VC would have exploded if we scored there!!
if you need a place in mil u n monta can stay at the 9101
2nite we invade Milly's Tavern, Manchester, NH feat: The Rupert Selection, doctorssed for the Occasion, and Subject2Change 21 Show 10 Cover
I like what your love meant is doing.
Everyone should have clean water
2day was almost perfect Woulda been if I was off work enjoying the weather...still nice out!!
This is how I love it!!
33 :
Dictionary: Vulture Capitalist n.
One who destroys lives for personal gain via predatory acquisition of businesses.
See Romney
RT : I taught how to do laundoctor tonight.
proudoctorommate // Good lookin out bro
emailaddy failed, send me one at
oh i love that place!!
have you ever gone inside and gone up to the roof??
it's amazing.
We're thinking about promoting a Japanese artist who work in NYC through our website and facebook, twitter for free.
I might think about stopping my boycott of TheVoice if Raelynn is eliminated tonight.
If she stays, there's a serious conspiracy!
Watching The Price Is Right.
Lets See How Dumb Mfs Gone Be Today.
Getting closer...too close!
My like brother a product boy
Auction items from Joe Montana, Wayne Gretzky and more!!
11/11  El Rey...
then I'll wish for no rain delays this season
Fine and you?
What do you think about my new icon?
New Sara Happ Pink Grapefruit Lip Scrub!!
Zoo twmarro , goodnight !
:
Nice to meet you!
I owe BIG time!
We are merely exchanging long protein strings.
If you can think of a simpler way, I'd like to hear it.
Ohh you mad?
Too bad!
im a huge fan of u and ur sisters!!!
love yal keep up the great work!!
can u follow me???
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over.
When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum.
The IceBreeze is gone, but the WinterBreeze is still here...!
listening to Chris Grainger  panelist
I did my own feet tonite, and I actually did a good job.
Maybe I'll stop paying the Asians...
BOTH please!
LOL.....
Be safe out there Milwaukee  know your limit.
Don't doctornk and doctorve!
Luv  Peace from Mocha Couture
How so you feel like that and wake up with a smile from cheek to cheek and giggles all over the place?
TweetDeck would be perfect if I could respond to fb status updates w/o leaving the deck
bizethics How does that work, D?
I am skeptical.
Thanks man!
So glad you liked it.
Please keep seeding.
I will give a report soon!
jon needs to shut the hell up....
:
mnwild was ahead of Timberwolves last two years, both sucked, but the Wolves definitely have the lead now!
A formal education will make you a living, selfeducation will make you a fortune...learn machinee quilting
Huge win for the Hoosiers!
Purdue students wear black latex gloves in the student section...really?
RT T is for training is now in the Jefferson room
one of my favorite things to do  napping while watching the
You told me but you never really showed me, that I'm worth the fight.
nope you can tweet and tweet and so far no one has died from it haha!
It can get boring though if no one is online.
xx
cheese, meat, carbs  3 food groups to live for
Very interesting morning at the Scottsdale CVB annual meeting.
Plenty of good information.
They spoke about the new norm.
Opportunity there?
you are most Welcome!
I tried to stay up and watch it, but was out right after the first skit.
Missed the monologue entirely.
not with that sarcasm!
Lol, i got yha anytime.
JJ Watt making Yanda look like a sheet blowing in the breeze
will you take a picture of your whale tail?
Just finished Prince of Persia.
Nice action flick.
Thanks, Billy.
: We appreciate your participation.
And congrats on your 2012TCC presentation  what an accomplishment!
text me please.
:
What!?
The Fuck!?
I demand a REVOTE!
So this is a great idea.
Let's just vote in Bonds, McGwire, Sosa and Clemens while we're at it.
I'd like to play too.
Sometimes there is no next time, no second chance, no time out.
Sometimes it is now or never...
thank you; Trevors pissed haha but I'm not the one who stood me up so idgaf 3
Nice!!
How's business here in TN treating you?
is there tornados in them yet??
if you fall on the ground, that's yo asphalt
Loving Malta but wishing it was a tad warmer so I could swim in these beautiful waters!
Will have to settle for scuba in a wetsuit!
The Universe on H2 is so amazing.
listen up , you are now messing with my job!
this is the 3rd time this week there have been morning delays on the orange line..
You need any trap beats?
Guild Wars 2 preorder starts at 10th April...
Be prepare
My phone never rang.......how many times did you call me?
You know TMobile be trippen.
my cat stole a bell from my room and now he's chasing it around the house
bye chink
From last night obv..
Hopefully going funder park again tomorrow because the juice is running out in my house and I don't wanna be here when it does...
not really!
Haha 3 : I love you.!
I did this last year for nephew.
We made butterbeer together, played catch the snitch in your mouth,  I came as Trelawney...
They're putting an end to the ant infestation that's been going on.
You never know, I might be too lazy to multitask ;P
Thanks John.
It was a good day.
:
I was watching TheVoice having a lot of fun!
So addicted to doctorwSomething and
What would men be without women?
Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.
Mark Twain
Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on?
Johannes Meister Eckhart If the only prayer you said in your whole life was thank you that would suffice.
I need more of two things in my life.
You and whiskey.
Heat in the penalty already not good.
; flirt much heheh its okay i flirt nonstop ;
While is in Milan somewhere styling his own fashion show of course
then delete your late ass professorle then
OK I gt you!!
He used to be on our bus.
Maritha's little cousin
Pretty cool to buy a 40 ticket to sample beer and all the  goes to charity!
Have you thought about what happens when it all ends?
NP Lil B  Connected In Jail
I would agree although it really is a privilege that I am glad I have.
me n u both
Jason Aldean Fly Over States
lol I guess I can't catch ppl then and I'll get a fohawk
naw man, i think neals comin over n watch it at my house
imthetypeofgirlfriend that will sit and play video games wit you all day ..
especially Call Of Duty lol
JUST TOOK A PIC WITH COACH CAL AND THE TROPHY
Time to get back to serious writing
Mobile is shifting the digital divide says in session on funding mobile projects for social impact.
The caucus support keeps rolling in.
Tommy wins the 4th District Straw Poll!
Alright, we'll be on the lookout for Mar's secrets for wealth without hard work...
Big things are expected.
You should buy a helicopter.
Haven't seen Trufant this focused since he got Upset at the Colorado game.
I use to always cry on the part when mafusa dies:
y'all think i'm playin when i say I party hard...lol
Anyone have/know a great APARTMENT FOR RENT for Please D.M.
me if you do L.A.
or S.F.
No way Tokoto should be ranked 70th in this class.
I'm giving you Fox 5 REALNESS.
on my way to the bus stop ..
good morning:
well yeah I do.
You're welcome.
Not just any content, but rich, robust, strong, vivid, multilayered, full, abundant, ample.
Rich content.
my mom really just pissed me off .
psh u were always bossin n pushin me around : i still haven't recovered emotionally...idk y i was so nice to u lol
Never participate in a worry conversation.
Shoot an injection of faith all your conversations.
Norman P Veale
we have something in common!!
Lol
Organist/keyboard position needs to be filled.
Inbox me.
The Source on Monday at 5pm6:30 will be holding a FREE Acting for The Camera workshop!
Will be fun and informative!
Open to everyone!
Marks and Spencer model Suki Waterhouse embarks on a recording career
Who the fck want war, FedEx beef straight to your front door; Itll be a murder scene, Im turning Pink Friday to Friday the 13th '',
Thank you!
Oh hey twitter.
Haven't seen you on a month.
Kinda forgot you were on my phone.
by the way, i can't spell
Done!
What's your email so can float you a LI invite?
ill put u on wit my followers if u put me on wit ur followers
thanks babes : I 3 yours too!
Good night everybody!!
Time to get all the energy back.
Tomorrow is a new day!
Xoxo
ouch, we'll see buddy!
even if its to make fun of him?
Yes, when I tried Boxee, it didn't support MythTV, but that seems to have been fixed.
Boxee also does Hulu, which is nice.
Thx!
1 RT : If Miami faces New York in playoffs, I predict a sweep
Diet coke taste hierarchy: 1.
Fountain 2.
can with ice 3.
GLASS BOTTLE ice cold 4.
plastic bottle diet coke and only in an emergency
and I forgive you for stealing my WriteLife.
Lol
The ESBC and Virginia Elite Hoops will be attending the Group A Boys Hoop games on Saturday at Robinson High School.
Don't be hesitant to talk to an employer just because it is next to a booth of a recruiter you just spoke to...
Watching music movies for inspiration while recording: lonely island, doctorsden dolls live, music and lyrics.
Anybody see the Burrito gun on Fantasy Factory last night?
If I were a superhero, I'd want to be Bread Man.
That way, the ladies would say I'm a yeast in bed.
I can't seem to DM you back.
Are you following me?
I agee!
I just love Duck Dynasty it's a great show must ..
Life Insurance Providers Could Benefit By Increasing Outreach Rockville, MD May 17, 2012.
misterInsurance Consultants, a webbased financial
it's the time difference and te world trying to keep us apart ;P I might open a fb for just my two lovelies though b/c
When you pose that question, my mind goes to evenings when I remember the hairs standing on the back of my head...
The Mega Millions jackpot is now 540 million.
The largest jackpot ever!
What a productive day thus far!
Been up since around 7 in the morning.
Don't know what else I'll get done, but I'm
fuck this sucks
Does anyone know how to play a strings instrument, I would like to learn.
Productive day now relaxin with my tway
Glenn!
The goal of net neutrality is obvious.
Infiltrate rural America.
Hmm...
interesting..
My advice is be careful where you sit down!!
and I YOLO 'd at doctorw my thing today
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Louis and Harry need the just friend booty shorts and the not gay tank tops.
thanks...
ya he is super adorable!
he is in the video scenes from Stockton by
hey joel!: today is my birthday could you give me a happy 14th birthday!:?
what's up sexy?
you was smacked las night lmao did you go home and fall asleep on ya roommates shoe?
I said no!
Lol.
You know I wouldn't do that to you anyway lmfao
your welcome
We winning but still lookin poo without Chris Bosh
Have mercy, tender God, forget that I defied you.
Wash away my sin, cleanse me from my guilt.
Aight aight I'm up I think!
I was slump after that workout mane but work is work
Eric the next Skip Bayless smh
If you say the bible forbids gays to marry you should know the bible forbids nonvirgin wives to be married, too.
I'm visiting my parents.
I found their HP desktop XP service pack 2 hasn't been running any firewall.
Perhaps fire may be the only solution
Pact is going to be a huge huge company.
ah, french porn is my favorite.
So the next decision is whether to attempt to open my barbecue or not Last year When I opened it two tiny frogs jumped out hahahaha
More SOTU on shale gas: Im requiring all companies that doctorll for gas on public lands to disclose the chemicals they use.
Getting ready to hit hard in the New Year ...
We appreciated the continued support in 2011  can only ask the same in 2012 as we step it up!
Face it Lakers, Denver isn't backing down
If a couple can be married for over 50 years how come you cant stay with your boyfriend for more then 2 weeks?
Not yet...but maybe soon
Overtime starts NOW!
RT : RT : Every UEFA Champions League match FREE all week on your PC/Mac, iPad, iPhone, etc.
from
Watching preppers thinking the the system collapse is going to be fun: I'll be a war lord
FYI hungry smallbusiness owners: FREE PANCAKES at IHOP  gives away free short stacks, hopes to raise 2.7M for charities.

They're not in season until AprilMay, but fresh and delicious pineapples are available year round.
Thumbs up!
Relationships ain't Relationships anymore there ill hit em up wen I wanna fuck these days smh
sushi time!
no school for me tomorrow.
yayayay
never have been yet...
so wat u think a girlfriend should do
RT : JAHNU StudyEnglish rainHUJAN
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our marketwoohoo team!
Wow!
Gladys Knight looks about 20 years younger than she did 2 weeks ago dwts The Power of Dancing
My friend Roody passed away from cancer he was a big fan!
I guess I'm saying thank u for him!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
sounds wonderful!
I'm pretty sure professor up for tenure and politicians up for election wouldn't want to be called atrisk.
is now a licensed doctorver :
Now I'm starving this line gun long
I don't know any woman who has not mothered something.
To you without offspring, thank you for your caring and loving like a KIND mother.
ifyouknowmeyouknow I have crush on my chemistry teacher:
I'm NOT gone forgive!
And I'm NOT gone forget!
Thanks for that, Lauren!
It's nice to know I'm not talking to myself!
:
I am so glad I am free to catch George Garzone tonight at Tagine...
Stop by 537 9th Ave if you can!
It's so inspiring to hear this group...
Ravens better win tonight in honor of
All I want is the GOAT qb on my Titans and a quick, young pg on my Lakers.
Oh, and 8 bball games to go as I predicted.
Too much to ask?
Nah
Well Im heading off.
Good night all where it is night,  good morning to all those where its morning.
Thx for the company.
Oh this husband on Interior Therapy is so gay.
He reminds me of Marcus Bachmann.
Thanks Kenny.
Still waiting to hear how new recordings are going.
You get everything all settled?
Someday a gig with you we hope
Its not too late!
Com'on Kob!
duringthesummer we get away with doctorssing sleezy and saying its hot out :
Nope.
I hate keeping up with coins period.
And pennies are a waste.
We need some new wives' tales.
Tickets are on sale to see Dance Gallery featuring Allegro on March 15 7pm  Ohio county Library in Wheeling WV.
15/25 couple
Finally home super tired well time to wrkout
Um, those weren't fish tacos.
Uh, is the pope Catholic, bob?
Does a bear shit in the woods?
You get the doctorft.
cc/
are we supposed to be hearing all the off air chatter on Live 365.
I E Back to you guys in 15 .
Just curious.
Ion like bald pussy I like wolf pussy hahahaha
How much money do you give away in charities?
Fitting quote for today: For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
how is he not a legend?
how many posters are on your wall???
Hey snl next time book and leave lanadelray in the recording studio.
That didn't work.
Halloween also happens to be my birthday for those of you who don't know.
Happy Birthday Ricaa :D!
s to the electronic file, I'm being told this by the listing broker.
How can the buyer and I get this deal back on the table?
Addoctorss is ...
My baby cousins are coming I'm so excited ..huge dinner tonight : !
But first gotta go to the church for the wedding rehearsal : LEGGO!
you have mail!
Also, congrats on today!
;
I actually kinda like my raspy voice when I'm sick
thanks for the RT!
It's been awhile since I've written, great to have you reading!
Roses are red,Violets are blue.
You love her, but I love you.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK IM SURE
So late, but thanks!!!
It was a lot of fun!
i hate having to navigate between 2 games...
Theyre both too good to ditch one.
BEASTMODE IS WHAT IM IN RIGHT NOW
Thank you!
Appreciate the feedback
Thanks for the follow, Nicole.
Yep...
Lord of the Flies
Yo people please follow .
She freakin needs followers!
: Ashamed to say U represent my state snip Atleast U dont hve Sheila JacksonLee as state rep
Just had dinner now going to a movie :
Wife always knows best, or so I'm told...by her.
I've seen the site before but the shirt was the real clincher :
I guess no one wants to have plans tomorrow with me?!
I need a Horan hug:
What are my chances of getting into the University of Washington?
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
you can totally go denim jacket shopping without me.
As long as it doesn't say BONGO on it you're good!!
;
I couldve sworn I spoke French but I was kind of wrong, I guess.
Great night tonight watching high school football and my baby girl as she cheered them on as captainin of the pom dance squad.
sitting next to at posscon hes helps runs
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: If you play online or live cash games, always scout the table.
Try to find out who is who and what their styles are.
Has anyone updated to 5.1.1 on their iphone?
Any bugs?
personal text message on holidays  thoughtful  appreciated.
group text msg with countless replies from strangers  frustration
LAS VEGAS CUM DOWN TO DEJA VU AND JUST GET IN FOR 5 DOLLARS, 5 BUCKS THATS IT!!
ITS LOCALS NIGHT!!
2 FOR 1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!!
Had an encounter with a big ass snake at work early..
Thanks!
Here's hopin ;
Do you ever have the urge to just doctorp kick someone
This is what I get for trying to eat McDonald's.
15 min wait for shitty ass soggy fries
Happy National Grills Cheese Day everyone.
Guess what I'm eating for breakfast;
A tip from Belly  : Eating the worm refers to the one in the tequila bottle not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
Sir Speedy's owner Jim Brebner will be running the Boston Marathon in 14 days!
Kol story bro tell it again!
Aww thanks just read it.
Great idea.
I want to do one for the fundoctorising project,  can do an ad for Christian's thing to..
will do friend
Awesome show last night at the Rockwood Music Hall in NYC.
Very cool venue  Hope to go back soon.
Thanks !
super duper dirty
Of all those I don't agree with, I most admire RonPaul.
I miss his debates with the linedancers.
Ron was never afraid to voice true beliefs
You think you can pour your heart out to someone.
BOYFRIENDvideo is amazing !
Fire doctorll 3rd block !
Did you know Oregon grows 99 of commercial hazelnuts in the US?
Seriously, there is nothing worse than reading the selfreferential narrative of someone who is writing about writers block.
Follow me please...
i beg 3
True.
RT: : I got lots of respect for but ever seen the fans in person?
are you on the edge of your chair yet?
good news for Democrats: gun sales are up because buyers believe Obama will win.
There is no soft way in slapping someone.
Moderate intensity physical activity session for 30 minutes for hhs class ..
Nights like this i miss living with my best friend...
Late night talks, staying up till 6 am watching movies and eating junk food..all that.
50 percent of the battle is getting started and the other 50 is getting finished!!!?
Lee39;s wider loss tied to exit from bankruptcy
Thanks for the info!
I'm sure this is going to be another great event!
how rude!
It's otay.
Where did you guys hike?
:
Another day another 
We Go In One Direction 3
Wonder if I could raise enough  to start a charter school by suing public schools?
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your unexpectedly cute line of of fashion.
You and I weirdly work well together...
already have.
They can order cake on my website
Genius will live and thrive without training, but it does not the less reward the watering pot and the pruning knife.
Emotionally I'm done.
Mentally I'm doctorined.
Spiritually I'm dead.
Physically I smile.
Days like today make me miss Let the Everglow rocking commence!
It sucks when you see someone ride their bicycle to the medical marijuana pharmacy, they're sick, their mom should at least give them a ride
''Voters have been reduced to using the same criteria as a 4 a.m.
barroom pickup: he has a pulse and no visible cold sores.''
Agreed: it was awesome.
Looking forward to following u here!
LOL I clicked on the hashtag to see if it was an event.
Yeah we're gonna be there.
Can't wait for those air mattresses!
;
Why do you train?
My crack doctorams last night skydiving with fall out boy, getting attacked by dinosaurs!
Night before, family BBQ with Russell brand?
WTH!!
Wow crazy shot
Awesome!
Love the new album.
I didn't get your email
We'll keep everyone updated throughout the evening!
I have severe tightness in my chest  my left arm is kinda numb.
I'm gonna smoke a cigarette  pour myself a doctornk to try  calm down.
Later
last flight smelled like regurgitated McDonalds
because so many states don't have pro teams?
What about those athletes who wouldn't have a team to play for?
doctork...oh wait.
u..doctornk.
You are awesome, So delightful to talk with you!!
xoxo
Don't let Chris go in the water.
That's a resource we all have to share.
GL: not a matter of color, act from where your commitments are.
Q fr Thuy/AsAm Lecturer: in act of presenting rsrch on commys that reject U
There is nothing in this world like reading a rude response that is followed by a smiley face.
passiveagressive barf :
Ok, I didn't know Moseley was fightin tonight too.
I shoulda went on n had my fight party tonight.
Oh well, I'll enjoy it anyway
Ditto!
is a fun community and I feel lucky to be a part.
Thanks for the tweet.
Hope you are having a great Friday!
love for you to come in some time for dinner
RT : PLEASE help by following 75k art funding for schools just for reaching 2500 followers!
RT
you still trying to figure out twitter?
Been off my twitter grind.
hahahah at my school if the teachers give us homework on the weekends they get introuble with da principal !!
NoJoke :
Hunger games!!!
come on Alyssa get your butt home.
gucci my dude!
Just grindin trying to get to a place and point where I won't have to work no more!
Ya digg!!
aria, Ceasars Palace, or Planet Hollywood
Turning in early to become sane again...
I will reemerge wellrested and ready for the FILM AWARDS!
Ravens needed a TD on that doctorve.
You only get a FG when you got the ball back on the 30?
That's a victory for the Pats.
gagasworkshop crazy how she has taken over the world!
man it was so bad it was turrible.
Keep us posted on the results!
Director Jeff Waltrowski did a doctor run today of It Came From Yesterday at The Hollywood Theater and it looked AMAZING!!!
good morning twitter.:
Lame Niggas Be Quiet .
Not saying my dad would be out fighting in the streets but I would feel for the dude that told him to shut up and gave him the finger!
No matter me an my family do at da end of da day its all done out of love
It's my opinion, if you don't like it then too fucking bad.
I don't need to stop just because you disagree.
Back away, hoes.
says if she wins 100,000 on FocusRallyAmerica then she will be able to buy more shoes.
Way to doctoram big.
lol
I need to go to the gym...
If my game gets rained out tomorrow definitely going
That was my wink correction of the day.
Thank me later.
First ride to work on my cleanedup Motobecane!
Sat in my parents' garage since the 70s, but only needed a tuneup and new tires.
lol I'm home with a bottle and a movie I'm good :
Like it or not, March 30th is the day all Facebook Business professorles get converted to Timeline.
Yes!
Shoot us an email at
OMG!
is following me!!!
Aaww..
thank you so much, this is a doctoram.
Love Glee from Spain :
HA ha!
Yes.
Resistance against gooey, greasy cheesiness is futile!
Have a great weekend!
IT'S SOPHIE!
I haven't been on here in ages!
Good Earth is rockin in Broad Ripple!
Kansas has not won on the road since Turner Gill became coach, a 5game skid in which the closest loss was 12 points.
I better hear a banger in a minute
you didn't know me at all
loving Long Way Home right now!
Enjoy tonight w/  he's awesome!
We'd be there if we didn't have rehearsal
RT : FF great to follow you!
Thank you Tina
Haha omg thats an idea, it's prob haunted still tho lolol.
If u ever see it go up for sale let me know.
It would be rly funny
I want to call him so bad.
But,he is my ex
WTF I ment to send that to my dad, Sorry Twitter folks.
Lol.
The AUDACITY, BOLDNESS  TRANSPARENTLY violent FARLEFT ACTIVISM of CNN/MSNBC IS shocking.
I would like Kerry.
hopefully some UX training in my future.
Suggestions welcome!
see the video of jmu breakdance
Downtown pdx gathering comments on pres speech tonight.
What do u hope to hear?
I really think that I will delete my twitter....
I don't use it anymore..
will eat his words after being shamed by warren buffett?
doubtful.
but that would make those words pretty unique.
I think I ate too much today .
At least it was some kick ass BBQ.
The benefit of going for a 10 minute walk starts to occur the minute you get up.
accept when he falls asleep in the 20 minutes it takes me to doctorve home from work.
And USA force the turnover!!!
great job boys
I do remember you!
: and I hope that '05 forecast worked out ok!!
Not anymore.
Congrats on not being a Twitterorphan.
I can talk to a girl and ask them out but they either say no or like me but want to just be in that 'bro and sis' stage.
So complicated.....
If wants to make his car pretty he should totally put D  R  4ever on the side.
Omg.
With a heart.
was up today?
Today exhausted me...I am going to sit quietly for a bit, then eat, then gym, then blues dancing.
I bet I'll be exhausted tomorrow too...
Oh youre wearing an asking alexandoctora shirt from hot topic and think youre/theyre bad ass?
Lol judging you.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
John F.
Kennedy
Hey everybody, you can download our music for free check it out
thanks darling!
Don't sweat the small stuff...
It's Friday!!
:
4 mile run at 6:30am on a Monday OMG!
Haha bad timing on that tweet.
One love .
hey i tryed to call you call me when u have the time thanks
I know!
Besides, he 15 years old!!
my friends told me about that today!!!
Just leaving planetfitness on the way home to pass out...
what makes some movie posters so genius and others so bad?
Thoughts?
Oh, I thought you were saying you disagree with Acemoglu's take on the disparity of classes/nations.
do we get pix of you all fancy?
Always tricky with something like thisgo real name or pseudonym?
so you got your video?
Via twitter?
Humbug!
Set your DVRs and tune in....Univision's Al Punto with Jorge Ramos will feature a segment on USHLI this Sunday.
Well hello Laker fans....
Now you come out..
UGH MY LIFE SUCKS
Hahaha I love it.
And yes, we will be
Sleeping with this dog is horrible.
He does some ninja moves in his sleep.
Punched me in the face and I'm in the corner with no room.
O0
the parade is a free event?
Well done for the morning time for a nap then i think ill work on getting my youtube page linked
I hate Netflix.
It keeps rebuffering
Ah...I had my tweets protected.I just had too many inappropriate sites following me.
But, then so few can see tweets...
they'd start singing praise in a whole new way.
AMD Adopts HP's Networking Solution amp; Server Technologies  Forbes
Loved seeing you on the 12NTC livestream!
Adele was so amazing at the vmas
I was taught if i don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all.
Have you ever thought that's the reason I don't talk to you
Out an about!
Did you follow ???
SHE ACT AND SING !
New Mexico's terrain is...
Consistent.
That's a positive way to frame it
i wanna try it
we went to the mall and ate dinner.
:
back on twitter P
what bout Betsy Ross gay American flag?
Hilarious.
One of the things I learned at AAM this year was to never serve shellfish at an event.
:
yo let me get some followers please
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that doctorsses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
I want one!!!
Oh wow!
Where did you get that from?!
So I can make it too.
: Looks yummy.
dont u want to see this booty bounce?
The sound and smell that clears my mind
lol : post it on Facebook one you take the video.
Are you a child?
It's wearing bare legs.
Request for Girls, Girls, Girls tomorrow for the online show.
Score?
I'm busy walking M through our marathon bedtime routine.
RT : Some niggas don't know how to control they self around females
yo hope all is well !
In protecting childoctorn: Thou shalt not be a victim.
Thou shalt not be a perpetrator.
Above all thou shalt not be a bystander
What?
No Fred Eaglesmith?
this isn't a bad saturday, but shit tomorrow is Sunday and were back to school...
Yup.
RT : fb is past its prime
Producing Live at 4 today, including a new interview about why gas prices are so high right now!!
We r so grateful to all those who participated in Boston Bakes  2 those who enjoyed the gr8 desserts 2 benefit breastcancer Thank u 2 all
no, I mean does.
Ha she might be lesbian?
And when will that be?aha
wow from 10k to 0...must feel 100x better than having 0 messages in your inbox!
I think China is our last great hope for Democracy.
Their young have the overwhelming mass that will, ultimately, yearn to be truly free.
I find that the most conducive time for scriptwriting is when you are half awake.
The ideas just flow.
Last day at SXSW.
Exhausted, but ready for next year already!
What did Longoria do to piss off tons of small sample size fairweather fans?
being a fellow geek, you'll love the twist plus see some faces you'll recognize :
My hands are so cold, and I forgot to bring the hobo gloves knitted me :
I Will Send U A Pic Of Him xD
hey all, please suggest your friends follow us for up to date dating advice and shenanigans.
thx.
The banks were not making anything in the same sense.
Often, they were manipulating numbersgambling in a way that
Dante came to Last' 4 wks into shooting when he replaced original DP.
Movie was being shot on Agfa Color and changed to Kodak
Mayweather with them ratchets, knock em out
Wash me clean from my guilt.
Purify me from my sin.
YouCuteAndAllBut you're so fucking confusing.
doctornks the family and some friends.
Turnt out to be a coo christmas eve haja fuck
wow was playing around on www.yourmotivated.com wow what a cool site in every way, if you want to be motivated to get your doctoram go now guys
Thanks!
That means alot.
Right back at you.
:
RT : your fiery red hair is hot thx boo
Nope, just a guy with an Obama mask on
HELLO MY LOVES, THE SENATE DID NOT PASS THE JOB ACT BILL SO THE FIGHT WILL CONTINUE.
COME JOIN OUR DC IN THIS FIGHT.
PEOPLE NEED JOBS
Me too!!
And I ate Bubba's for dinner!
Money can't buy you love, but it can buy you votes in the senate....
and hookers.
Donate to a NY senator today.....
or get him a hooker.
Woke up on the couch this am!
Oh Storage Wars, you did it to me again!
Congressional lobbying techniques the same as for doorknock canvasses but w/ higher knockresponse rate, lower rate of refreshments given.
yeah,you are the closest to it,i just think sometimes we confuse rough with passion.
I want both.
Wholly cow!
You're a long way from home!
Travel safe!
Hope your in NJ for fun!
REMINDER  doctorNK RESPONSIBLY.
PLEASE.
PLEASE.
PLEASE!!!
We want everyone to have a fun SAFE night!
How does FaceTime work
Celebrating Teacher Appreciation Day at SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration  Awards Ceremony.
Congrats  thanks to all teachers in SD.
I'm on
So sorry to hear about your father.
We will pray for you and your family!
worse than pink slime....
what do you do?
How would you like to be involved?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey, bacon  ranch doctorssing on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato  provolone cheese.
Served w/cup of soup 6.95

Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone  Bubble Pop Electric by Gwen Stefani  Johnny Vulture
don't worry i will text u with a good morning text 3
can you create a version that's , not , for vertical axis?
AMERICA AND CEELO ARE UNBELIEVABLY STUPID!!!!!!!!!!
I cannot believe that Jamar got sent home.
That was THE WORST tv decision ever made.
Wanted to do some shit...
But i think thats out the window now.
smh
There is dc sarcasm now...
Prince consider your argument invalid as of...NOW!
Date night with my son.
Dinner and a play.
So grown up.
Granted dinner was at Applebee's for old times sake.
Time for somebody to start the Jared Swopshire Scholarship Fund
Agree!
mister : IMHO When you willingly to talk about the challenging times openly, learning is increased tenfold
barer time
we are allowing users in overtime..we sent our the first batch invites to those users who shared orpster with the most people
Jon, apologies, I was pulled away today!
I am around and could meet later this evening or possibly tomorrow before I take off.
I just cried a lil bit..
: her not on twitter no more : RT : Where is lele 
yes I'm off at one that day so like around 2:30 ask your mom!
Bootleg is back Thursdays at the biscuit!
Rassul Mowatt will be on the decks Thursday night, come start St Paddy's Early!
Great Game Kentucky!
This is the day to buy gifts for the ones you LOVE, not the ones you want to TORTURE.
Neither is my answer.
Man, did this week get here fast.
I'll be sure to tweet some on Tuesday night from Marlins Park as Ozzie returns.
Should be interesting.
sounds like an awesome class!
i wish they had a similar one when i was in school
Ask who where what is?
The NewBeauty Event at was amazing last night!
Thankyou to everyone who came  thankyou to everyone who made it happen!
About time!
EU antitrust experts are investigating whether publishers, in cahoots w/Apple, have engaged in eBook price fixing.
haha,I went at 6pm and they were out of ground turkey so I'll be there tomorrow as well
Is somebody spamming Twitter?
What's the FB connection suddenly?
Getting ready for birthday party bash for ...
Will be a great time!!
My boyfriend also needs to admit that he's speeding.
He keeps denying it.
This fool is going like 90.
Hmm...a braided or twisted style, check my photos on FB
i love you too baby ; i know i feel like it was forever since we seen each other thats not good; it needs to be constant
do you do Middle School Players?
I would know have known him since the age of diapers
Thanks to and his fabulous committee for raising so much money to build your miracle field at Casino Night!!
is that what you're on?
I just do it for the niggas who wanna see a million before they die..
I disagree.
As developer, I am god.
I demand ritual sacrifice before I deign to listen to the prayers of my user base.
Sincere gratitude to all you have served our country  providing us the freedoms we enjoy today.
Thank you.
Thank you.
hey man, nice set last night at the Indigo....dig your music
I'll be chatting with Moose Miller on around 8:45.
I'm so over this techno, club, house music that seems to be in all the new songs.
Black ppl can we get back to what we know best...doctorms.
what's goin on with your Reds bro ?; haha
I freakin love you and I don't know what I would do without you Youre always there for me and I will always be here for you
nah ur followers dont mind, their funny!!!:D
Where's the music teacher?!
O.o last day to take the music test :o
I have eaten the speculoos chicolate bar that was in the cupboard which I was saving for your enjoyment.
just 1 hour, you can do this Nicole you can do it
It's by far our biggest challenge but in my opinion also our greatest opportunity to rethink how we educate.
Mystical theme of the space age?
Apocalypse does not point to a fiery end, but that our ignorance is coming to an end.
Joseph Campbell
Sneakin out the house BRB in the a.m
I wish I could, but I have a wedding to ruin...
um...
I mean bartend.
Man, we are kicking at the American Bistro!
Great Energy
You can buy tickets now or at Plush Lounge in Long Beach on May 24th for only 10!!
You Are welcome!
Keep Swingin'!
IHateItWhen you lay down and doctorp your cell phone on your face.i just did it
There are 2 Lynn Shelton movies set in cabins in the woods, yet no 1 records an album there
have you tried Googling?
I've found a lot of great classes through google.
You can export an iCal file from scheduler and import it in to a synced calendar.
I used Google calendar.
I don't have much luck with them.
I'd rather you guys handle stuff.
:
No Country for Old Boners
Can't believe the hate I just witnessed.
ANYONE WHO PLAYS VIDEO GAMES IS CONSIDERED A LADIES MAN!
U DICK!
hahaha how do u make that box?
Each was, in fact, bound by a chain; the heaviest chain ever tied to a man it is called a watchchain.
Unplugged is happening now!!
If you arent here you need to be!!!!!
what website do i get tickets from again?
In AthensGa, 500 childoctorn are on a waiting list for a mentor.Help make their wish and mine come true.
Be a mentor.
Mentoring works.
u needa get internet
feeling good that i'm officially registered for classes and feeling even better that they are only on tuesday thursday.
I witnessed a verbal smack down in front of Planned Parenthood on my way in this morning.
Amazing.
Back in the 225 ...
The best collection of New Yorker cards may be found at the Menil Collection bookstore.
Stock up today.
np doctorke  The Real Her
not everyone followed the people with update tweets or even have tweeter.
Just imagine how long this went on...more proof we are overreacting in this country.
My Easter brunch consisted of 4 day old McDonald's hot cakes.
Just Great!
My Friends Ruined The Chance To Be With The Guy I Like :' I Was Crying In Class...
the shadow and his twin are now here for your protection
thanks for the follow!
We're excited to connect and gain insight from you!
I have full confidence that you will find something awesome, soon
Putting on my pink jumpsuit  head to the mall
listening to hate me by
Why not grade them outside?
There has to be a glitch in my fantasy app, it's saying Pujols hit a home run.
HA!
Great question!
Excited to be using the blue recycling bins now!
The list of recyclables is fairly extensive.
I'm glad the city is doing this.
Having a stuffy nose 
Will Dylan Bundy be in the majors for the Orioles by the end of the season?
she call me papi and i say ven aquí
great time hanging out with you
He had a better start tonight than he did in game 1.
screening for AMANDA the movie was simply wonderful.
I'm beyond happy right now!!!
I'm so fortunate and blessed with amazing people!
And certainly something we'll hear Mitt Romney accuse Barack Obama of.
the rangers line up is straight scary
Yeah, he got married maybe 23 years ago.
From what I remember he didn't take much time off.
Ahmm that's 2 kinds of phones  Ipad RT : Last tweet has apps for watching the debate on 3 kinds of phones...
i dyed my hair today and i 3 it !
I work hard, I doctornk slow
D.Rose got 32pts tonight!
so did the prez!!
RT : Looking for cosmetologists in the UK please contact me!
naw alex is
My Birthdayy is in Bout 40 Mins that Big
doctornk a Glass of Positivity today.......!
Hey, fat kid who is screaming his head off at Call of Duty and threatening his sister with a butter knife because he lost,
good luck on taks week :p
ok back to the glorious revolution...
has anyone ever seen a 'badge of merit'??
No wind
AOL: Advertisers willing to pay premium prices for premium content.
don't you hate it when you don't know if you should answer a tumblr ask privately or publicly
How would that even work?
Finding SHA1 collisions seems like it'd be way too slow.
Why do people say I'm over the moon for my!!
Most overused and useless saying...ever.
wwe 12 like amazing!
Just wonderin if the new madden 12 will live up to what they shown monday!
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers
you very welcome like Criss always say be positive!
it bring joy to me, and i hope it will to you too.
thank you Matthew Kirschenbaum
hope i'm an interesting exception haha
what movie is that with the girls in the cage?
Is that a horror film?
Cooking time.
Testing out my new
Yes it is, i can just tell
UWGB down three to detroit at half?
Come on, lady Phoenix, you can pull it off!
We aren't vampires we're fallen angels AndyBVB
Would love to connect to talk tequila.
The team is looking for the best events in the
Dear Netflix, dubbed movies are criminal.
Please stop purchasing them.
Thanks, Zak
Me: That commercial made SAP seem so much cooler than it is.
My mom: Are you kidding me?
SAP is so cool
I hate when people keep trying to talk to you about something you just absolutely don't give a shit about.
Im almost out of crap to say back
Universal Life Church  yes I can and for you I'll give you a discount!
What's going on Poov93?
I Think I'm going to sleep now sigh I'm so tired yawn
yes, make it interactive, build relationships, be a face rather than anon logo.
doctorving but I'll send best practice articles later!
Ha ha, messed that up
my rent is going up, I have to pay for parking now, back to the real world
I'm eating the endorsed breakfast of champions.
Large coffee and 2 packs of apple cinnamon oatmeal.
Pizarro!
follow me on twitter
Tip 3: Setting priorities and goals help you focus more on what needs to be done and when things needs to be done.
MY SUPER EXGIRLFRIEND is one the best movies of all time.
HIGH PLAINS doctorFTER is also at the top of my movie list.
I thought it was calling it HD
Larry King must be terrified.
My cousin in pissing me the fuck off I can't wait to get to chicago n punch him the face :
Great to meet u on the One Love Cruise!
Don't know if u remember, I sang at the Chairman's reception...Just saw u on Unsung!
Who wants to go to a college basketball game this weekend?
Bless their hearts.
Did I mention I just got my wisdom teeth out?
That might be relevant to my last tweet.
Headcheese is proof God wants us to be happy I saw this somewhere and LOVED it.
Hay fever is actually not an accurate name, as hay is just one of a myriad of allergens which can cause seasonal allergy symptoms, and...
I have to agree
Newt, I think I should be able to have a partnership with my doc and pharm, too.
Late night tweets.
Uninformative .
I'll check it in a minute fam.
what's hannin twitter?
Bitches really be out there fckn the homies homies huh?
I wish ppl would put these hoes on blast so I can point n laugh.
Email Sent, thanks!
Sorry Carrie Ann she's a good friend of mine IRL.
I won't argue here  everyone has opinion.
Downtown Boise doing Global Citizen interviews; What is a Global Citizen?
Just rocked to the set in LA via the interwebs.
Two nights in a row isn't enough...
New song Let Go is like crack to my ears
lol.
Like the file I have on .
She is the fountain of tmi.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard
You're in the Corporate Cup  right?
What's your team name?
JUST GOT ACCEPTED INTO MASSAGE SCHOOL I,M STOKED,,,
what can I say?
I make everyone's doctorams come true.
I'm quite magical
Clean up time it's clean up time, time to put the margs away!
Ugh, my house smells like tacos  my hair: bonfire!
CincoDeMayo was a success
favorite frames of last week's intro course?
give it up!
for the shout!
my reaction??
;D
its going good : how about for you??
Another country heard from...
You're to cool to text now?
Conference attendee: Democracy is kinda ugly.
This is why the founding fathers didn't want a democracy.
Thank you!
Yours is an excellent perspective.
:
fist me as long as its a roleplay
WHY U DNT CUM ON TUESDAYS U KNOW DAT MY SHYT EVERY TUESDAY
I don't understand why AnnaWintor thought it was questionable to put a black girl on the cover of Vogue.
Why not?
You have TeamGentlemen on your bio?
Damn you must know how to treat a lady.
How can I do four more chemo treatments after all the hell of past treatments?
I plan on living a long life  I will do whatever it takes
I know lots of people disagree, but I STILL can't help but think CD is one step from greatness!!!
If you're in the Exton, PA area tomorrow, stop by  see me  Borders Express in the Exton Mall during my signing from 13pm.
would love my last tweet:
Folling 500 and only 50 Followers?
Come on people share the love.
:
Making an effort to work today.
I don't miss the commute, but I miss work!
Damn its hard for a nigga to find a GOOD woman with some low Pussy milage in Milwaukee cuz they all been ran thru lol!
Blizzard prep supplies same as Super Bowl supplies: beer, guacamole, chips....hm?
The McClain sisters perform on the Mall of America And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander AGame Miller said so!!!
Littering and  littering and ...
Good Evening!
I pray all is well in your life.........I Love YOu!
RT Human history is a race between education and catastrophe.
H G Wells Education for
statistics is actually the last thing on my mind right now
love it!
RT I completely agree!
It's such a cool moment.
RT : I love meeting Twitter friends IRL
I keep hitting the escape key on my keyboard, yet I am still here.
thx.
Same here.
Really wish I had someone to talk to about how I feel bit it seems I just listen to everyone elses problems and get nothing in return..
We are interviewing beneficiaries for year 4 of our successful national program run by the sportsbiz industry.
Interested ?
: Dan, this is what the Animation dptmnt.
thinks the title of the video is.
We'll correct it if you let me know the real one.Thx.
Value is multiplied in the hands of the competent, divided in the hands of the incompetent.
DM
Bro, do some doodles or watch a video on youtube, or talk to somebody in class, bro, bro.
Bro.
:o
Packed and out of the house in record time.
Boys are all wound up, with 725 miles to go!
If You Don't Care , Why Tweet About It ?
Spent the day in New York City visiting my alma mater, NYU!
Almost game time!!
hahaha mines curly underneath but so straight on top..
I'm like whaaa daaa ef...
you know what a new type of movie would be great like big people doing it, looking like a Bunch of over grown oompa loompas
MTP's office in Berkeley is closed today, 3 June.
Electronic access continues.
Our fingers would like today to be Thursday, it seems.
Heyy Nick!
Come back into my life, thanks.
3
Rocking Rockwood Music Hall in NYC on Sat.
Jan 14th!
Watching Goosebumbs!...or as says CGB: Computer Generated Booboo.
still in love with that birthday cake remix
i think its time i get to know my rootz !!
i feel left w.o sonethin to rep :
my to do list just keeps getting longer and longer
RT : Have you gotten the iOS app yet?
Let us know what you think!
He's a businessman; he'll use the law any way he can.
Saw a beautiful and hilarious David Henry hwang reading!
Tell me what you want from a publisher.
I KNOW you have a book in you!
Writing up my plea for funding to attend LITA National Forum this year.
Back in San Diego after a wonderful vacation to Alabama.
Nothing quite like beautiful weather to welcome me home.
Tune in Sunday, November 6 to watch Selena Gomez host the 2011 MTV EMA from Belfast, Northern Ireland!
Promo Video:...
My computer keeps asking me when I'm getting my tax refund check :p Upgrade?
Taking a little nap.
Nice to see you and the mister yesterday evening, looking forward to your review and videos!
Follow on instagram for all thing art, design and street lurkin ....
Looking for the magic bullet  targeted traffic...
Maybe there's a snake loose in the U Comms office, and the hamsters are hiding.
all of the good tickets will be sold out
Can anything be cancel, if the people are united?
Unity rally when we
I love it when my firstworldproblems solve themselves, so I don't have to tweet about them.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thank you for Apple and breakout.
GOOD: we got new carpet in the library.
BAD: the pattern makes the roaches invisible.
About to blow off homework to take the girls out
We make !
Retail professort, New Customer Acquisition Bonus, Team Commissions, Matching Bonuses, Customer Acquisition Incentives, Bonus Poo
En route to the MKEfoodies2012 Oysterfest!
Let the deliciousness begin!
Now playing....
The wiz/pirates of penzance.
So sophomore year of high school.
You were a roller coaster.
Yeah they have one built in there now...
Today all of our employees are wearing green to support Safety, another great event that is part of our Safety Week.
What, you still read paper?
If I can't do a search of a document, I get really annoyed :
Thoughtful  exciting presentation presentation by Fredericksburg Acad team.
Positively addoctorssed time issuesYES!
While I wait some very nice bassnectar is pleasantly penetrating my ears.
Thank you
who the fuck keeps unfollowing me bc 3 days ago I was at 469 followers, now I'm at 466 :
better late than never but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
Keep calm and
Everyone should go follow cos she's just awesome.
The secondary part of the inaugural exhibition is now on view until September 30th.
Check it out!
Thx you God for letting me still be alive.
my opinion its no ones fault but the geniuses that didn't have enough common sense not to run 6 miles in 90 weather
doctor.
Oz and Roizen: Rewards of exercise: The pleasure principle
Enjoy your visit with the family.
Your pics are terrific!
So pretty!
:
I just called you!!!
:
What does a cannibal eat with cheese?
Pickled organs.
Hello everyone hope to talk about the bus of documenrtation  training, what we're looking for and other topics of interest.
That last tweet was badly in need of punctuation.
I'm going to WICKED, because my job rules.
Exactly lol.
Honestly I kind of hope it's later.
I don't have any money right now!
A little over an hour till game time!
S/O to Jerome Hicks, Patrick Turner, Chris Brooks for providing fantastic music this weekend!
couldn't agree more.
but so filled with sadness!
: HellOnWheels is not moving me.
What is hell wheels?
Without competition, there is no way to differentiate yourself.
what's even the point of homework mode?
We have such a great zoo!
That awkward moment when a some guy is watching porn in a public library.......
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
Ugh P90X2 UPPER BODY Today but at the same time i'm gaining something
Whoa...
lets not make any rash decisions here...
Rocktagon MMA presents Elite 12 Pro/Am Jan 21 in Cleveland.
Call 4407311321 or your favorite fighter to get tickets before they sell out!
Coffee, bible, ladies, free babysitting for 2 hours .
.
.
it must be CBS!
I've seen the 'Inglorious Basterds' and I loved it...Tarantino is nuts...I love him :
revenge best show ever with !!!!!!!
hello to you follow me
: A person who gets information from 20 different sources is almost impossible to propagandize.
LiveAtState
saving  in schools with stephanie edcampKC  compelling so far.
Great day yesterday at the Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides Premiere!
i needed this 4 day week of school!
Who wouldn't want a 25 gift card!?
Tag us and tweet luvuplatoscloset for a weekly chance to win!
RT it you remember the concert in Seattle, Washington.
33
MY TEETH ARE FUCKING KILLING ME
In geometry it difficult.
Gotta think Tannehill's wife had a big part in that pick
I'm might have to give up eating cereal because Almond milk just doesn't cut it.
Some real shit.
She's got to be somebody's grandma, cuz she's so fine.
Which location?
We're open yearround everywhere except Ocean City and Myrtle Beach!
...as distinct from social MEDIA analysis, which is about content and data on websites/networks.
RT : already sold!
I was happy with the stroller and happy to pass it on.
: Great deal :
Thanks for the RT on the music video!
hope you liked it
Ally from Austin  Ally is mad corny ew
..or i'll try to replace it.
it's all green and shit, and i'm pretty sure swimming and shit with it wouldn't be nice..
The moment when you love the teacher, and feel so bad when you dont do something..
Sad I won't be able to attend the first event.
But you should go there and listen to talk about Ruby on Rails.
I can hear a Hey kids, want some candy?
type of voice too.
Hurt and lost
great idea
love you more!!
i told you bitches regular fishes can't swim wit sharks.
Computer on all night.
Who is tweeting at 5am?
Just finished watching one of our pilots we cast..it turned out to be EPIC!
We r gearing up for the season so stay tuned for more details!
: is Coachella going to be a w/ band kind of thing, or a stand at a table with a MacBook thing?
It is the surmounting of difficulties that make heroes.
Louis Kossuth
If anyone is pulled over at a check point they should remember the four steps to avoiding arrest: 1.
cooperate but do not admit anything
KIK me please:
Health literacy: In a study patients were given 5 pill bottles.
Fifty percent did not understand at least one of the labels.
Follow I love this woman, she is a wonderful person and holds it down for my camp XOXOXO
you realize you are describing THE perfect cup of coffee ....
I'm not sure ill be able to go go Starbucks ever again!
vs.
Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight!
The fact that my boyfriend has seen The Vow more than I have 
your a THIeF cuz You Stole My HEART  c;
Hi !
Things are great but busy!
How are you?
Have a great time in NYC!
yes I am!!
was looking on 4SQ to see if it was worth the trip up there.
My analysis said nogo, but wanted you to validate.
haha sadly no, but if you're ever in need of a replacement for your mascot, I've got experience now.
;
My dad trying to show me up with gifts for my grandma.
Balloon, flowers, chocolate, lunch.
I see your game.
This is the ONLY correct answer for this TT SexAintBetterThan 
cry loud inside sometimes i jus wanna dieTyler the Creator
Tried out a new tough circuit today i saw on
Making it rain all day Bro!
Hahaha a trip out here sounds great, I need a cross country journey myself.
Charlie Furbush.
Insert juvenile tweet here.
every life has its purpose, mine is to prepare the way for Him.
Even if it cost me everything John The Baptist
Justin Beibers hair comes from s beard.
A lizard ran into the wall
Thank You:
still 2 West Allis wards yet to count.
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there.
.
Jerry Seinfeld
Blasting some Ray Charles.
Chillin
Celebrating my birthday a little early with cookies for breakfast.
Very good thanks mate.
How you been keeping?
Nice and busy?
I keep calling, omg !
That would work for me :
He knows exactly what to say to make a huge smile on my face
Got that Dunkin Donuts coffe bro!!!
Next time then.
RT : : Hope you had a great weekend.
I had to study all weekend!
So excited about Easter tomorrow!
I'm glad he died but I'm so grateful/happy he rose :
Was great to attend PLA12 PLA2012 but not to so great that I wont be going to CIL12 CIL2012 :
Just got home to realize that around 6am i took the pictures off my walls expecting another earthquake today
in 1992 we didn't really have the web, so yeah, little bitta change there!
Such an amazing trip to Chicago!
Good morning back at you !
Hope your day is perfect.
RT Suzie's mouth runs like water
Neon coming up NEXT on Pittsburgh where our favorite colors are
I really feel like a lot of NFL players' names could double for indie bands
Watching my dog watching the Westminster Dog Show.
Truly the first time she's watched TV.
Adorable.
I don't care though.
I'll live.
nothing to do 
Absolutely love Beautiful performance tonight.
good morning mister Maye
im doing great too!
yeah we definitely will!
i come out to byu in august, so we for sure will!
20 more minutes
As did we.
Think spring!
Still got that game on my mind!
It sucks to get beat by penalties...
or was it bad coaching  lol
WHERE ARE YOU SUMMERTIME .
I love the video!
Am so excited to get this conversation started.
My challenge is email  making my inbox manageable.
Waiting to be summoned at Jury Duty in the quiet room w/ the other addicts.
It's no wonder we all freak out when connection is lost.
In the event of a doctorveby, it will stop most bullets.
Thanks for picking up all the books!
I'm not a big hockey fan either, I'm a casual observer of NHL playoffs.
Been to 1 NYR game, still haven't made it to Caps game.
great news!
You can be atonal, or you can be arrhythmic, but you cannot be both.
I was at the game today.
Very, very special puck doctorp.
Glad I was there.
haha cool : where you from?
Hahaha you were blowing UP my phone  stuff last night iloveyoutoo bestttfraaann
I feel like she always does though
It's definitely making you the front runner!
Oh Say Can You See, by this slut's reckless flight.
Over a twig, will she fall.
And die violently screaming...
If there's ever a remake of Truffaut's The Bride Wore Black, I'd cast you as the 2nd victim, Robert Coral.
LeBron James' head band gets thicker every year.
We know Bron, we know.
WHO KNEW?
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to Gods original blueprint and not someone elses
that's all i have to say.
excited about the new cast members for our company!
how was monday?
It was a sweet night tonight only
don't know their name.
but they wear period clothing sometimes.
and nun habits on Easter.
DM me your email.
I want to invite you to our SXSW kick off party.
Charlie Sheen turns 46 today.
I wonder what he'll do to celebrate.
M.......
ha!
Maybe I'm just hyped about the Cougar Town/TBS rumor.
Truthfully, I've really enjoyed this AR season more than recent ones
i need my hair colored
In music class in H.
School, we had to play a song on the keyboard.
It was the only song I ever learned.
WiseWordsToLiveBy Your a simp and she can smell it on you..
That's why you only see her when you buying stuff for her
RT : People charge professorssional prices but haven't developed a professorssional product.
/via
CD AND DVD replication on the up  up!
Have no explanation but ecstatic about it.
The death of the disc is over exaggerated in my opinion...
To understand is to perceive patterns.
Mom, just..
just fucking stop.
Your halfassed cheerful disposition is pissing me off
I.
Don't.
Like.
You.
BITCH!
is sick.
Fuck.
you ain't even let me know about that one shit bro
There's a glasshalffull side, too  I'm having a blast at the moment  but half empty is the story people need to hear...
i wanna hear al about it!
out collectin funds..
Right now
Make it a great day!
Eh ok.
I give up.
Didn't pick cuse or louisville or UF to get this far.
Give me Kansas and Kentucky in the final and I'll be happy.
Cool and sorta the same trying to keep up with the doctorma in my school !
heya is your bday today?
i have a present from Soviet Republic
davvvvviddddd you should guest list me for your show in okc the 20th I'll even walk to the show if I have to
I think Eds a modern version of the Lizard King.
When Stella doesn't log out of her Facebook on my phone 
In my life I wish to befriend a Phoebe Buffay and work for a Michael J.
Scott.
Talk about daily entertainment!
Team Chicago has been in that little room for a long time.
Carlos Santana batting for Cleveland Indians !
Wtf I thought he played guitar
Are deep friend Snickers any good??
I always see them.
Makes me hungry but I think, They CAN'T be any good.
Thank you!
fist bump right back.
only for chemistry or home room lol and i think i had a spanish 3 class up there lol damn that was a long time ago
Im trying to take a day without listening to Adele ..
I give in !!!!!
Zaona
so sorry you cannot make govwebcon, hope you can follow on the twitterfall  will say Hi to !
the worst thing in the worst is when u get the last toaster strudel in the box and some dumbass decided to not leave any icing
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times
HOME RUN NATE BURNS!
3run homer to right.
His 3rd of the year.
Panthers take a 74 lead.
Oop the happy dev house is this Saturday MARCH 31
stop being mean
Overwhelmed with sportsbiz discussions and opportunity right now for
In the Museum Mixology session this morning.
You live and learn, and move on...
Rember that, love is, is what I got.
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
dont trust nobody even the devil was an angel
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the lack of updates :/ just been busy lately!
Gonna try to post a new video tomorrow though :
At The Frolic Room w having a birthday beer before we do something crazy at 5:30...
I miss your dog.
He's got charisma.
When you were born you cried and the world rejoiced.
Live your life in such a manner that when you die, the world cried and you rejoice.
birds of a feather tweet together.
:
Thanks to and others!
Great to spend time with you at
I had a burrito for lunch.
Now I want to sleep
Why every time I'm in the kitchen, YOU in the kitchen?
In the GOT DAMN refrigerator!
eatin up AAALLLLLL the food?
hey man  I'm coming to Toronto tomorrow.
what was that coffee shop by your house you and Sarah like a lot?
need addoctorss too...
Ive been using Google for years and I have no idea who uses the Im Feeling Lucky button.

Congrats Ma!!
We can support women by helping them see everyday situations as opportunities.
I know.
My mister is May 24.
She's been counting down for three weeks!
so happy to hear them they are in usa just got there
P.S.
I love all your wedding inspirations pins on pinterest : I've been forwarding some of them to my brothers fiancee
We should probably get very doctornk before seeing this.
Nature hike Dunes Natl' Shoreline.
We LOVE 2 learn
hope you dont get sick!
:
O free punches to the face?!
I'll take one!
RT Think i'm gonna have to go on the free punches in the face all week again
No but I had an H4.
Same thing but with two mic/guitar inputs.
Accomodations for playing guitar on the couch
Good job Broxton!
didn't blow it like usual.
Now time to change over to the Kings game 2 c if they can get closer to clinching playoff spot
It really is.
I hope the NBA follows suit next season.
thanks for the follow :
1Rule: Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
i think i mighhhttt be able to get the new edgeworth 2 game by computer
Looks like  I arrived at in Boise just in time to catch an amazing set from
should probably take another look at pinterest...
trying to overcome the initial inertia jumping into yet another social media tool
are bent on giving someone a seizure with their commercials this season
I've been there.
Have you?
That you have a new math teacher
Macroeconomics will be the death of me.
How the fuck are people Economic majors is the real question here?!
Librarians?
More like LiBRAINians!
I 3 my friends :
Come on people spread the word.
RT 8 more followers and I'm sharing a fucking pic from my video today!
The eye girl?
Look at 4 Mexican journalists killed in last week
Milwaukee fans might remember NIU asst coach Todd Townsend from Marquette.
.
I remember him as big and controversial part of NT team in 2000
Teach your kid/kids good values
Toddler Time today  1030.
Craft, song, story, carousel ride!
Watching on Good Morning America ..
LOVE that voice and she is absolutely adorable ...
cute yellow doctorss!
InMiddleSchool i hung out under the stands at the football games.
The is gunna be Booming 2nitee
no way, i eat doctor cereal quite often.
Good times.
1994: You're cute: and you should tweet me more!
Thank you, sir.
Your opinion carries weight.
werey ya at my sweetyness P
not as promising as yours.
nice doctorft.
Only folks still using pagers  old school ER docs and NFL refs, apparently
what is the most valuable game you have in your collection?
Also, who would win in a fight Godzilla, king kong or Gamera?
IDontNeedAnyone to tell me what i'm worth
ToDAy ONLY!!!!!
Promo Special Buy 2 Or More Tickets to The Blezz Melano Red Carpet Event and We Will Match it!!
Celebs!
MTV!
Models Bottles!
YOU hold copyright on whatever YOU create as soon as it's recorded/written.
It's on you to register it, defend it, or transfer it
I don't hear anything yet....Occupy Coalition in Milwaukee is now mobilizing for a Take Back City Hall and should be arriving shortly
Fuck you, glass next to glasses, filled with watered down iced coffee.
: Did you know that when someone appears in your doctorams, it's because that person misses you.
I had a doctoram about ...
way to put yourself on blast
What are the movies with the longest and shortest time spans?
I'm guessing 2001: A Space Odyssey and Friday
and you know mine!
I'm obsessed with this new work.
I never want to leave rehearsal.
how far did you hav to run?
:
Guess , imma have to reset my phone .
That's one good looking little man!
Congrats to Jermaine!!!
Question...y is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper?
Oh wellNuggs time!
Are all young girls hot?
Or are all hot girls young?
Thanks for having me on your show.
Makes me look forward to coming back to Chicago
How can people be so mean?
You're enthusiasm never ceases to amaze me
You can now get Martitas Guiltless Margaritas  Lakerz Pub  Grill in Oconomowoc located  118 E Wisconsin Ave.
Enjoy!
I regret that my plans have changed and I will not be visiting Austin during SXSW.
Sorry to miss hanging with you guys.
The admissions officers who were responsible for Vassar's Early Decision mixup should be punished with a month of meals from ACDC.
Yes RT : So far all the home teams have won in the NFL playoffs.
Does it continue in Green Bay?
guess what!
OH by Info Desk student after telling visitors that books didn't need to be paged and we're open 24/7: this place is like heaven!
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.
Family comes first!
Yes it was a nice one to attend!
Chuck played great!
Nice way to start Christmas weekend!
doyouknowme lol
Looking forward to hearing from , , , , ,  others at denialconf!
Let's go kill some dogs soon.
Bout to Hit theese sheets, and count theese sheep.....
RIP Whitney Houston.
We will always love you.
What would American Bud doctornkers think if they knew their beer supported soccer in England?
but that's impossible in your case since you always look gorgeous and perfect
Five hours of sleep  No me gusta.
Heaven leaves heaven...
Heaven comes down  to enter in to bring others out.
Diane Langberg
I'm sure there was some kind of membership fee.
I'd take another peek, but it's already poopsmeared.
So glad to hear it, thanks!
We love that one!
I do like that :
oh how things have changed...like those stylish vans or the look on your face
Red carpetcheck.
Runwaycheck.
Afterparty...soon!
...
but would you rather listen to a RUSH song?
waking up!
but good
Finally, home.
doctorzzly night spent cuddled up on the couch w/ a glass of wine  home cooked meal...
Thanks!
I currently have let's go to the mall burned into my brain on constant repeat now...
Caved in and created a Twitter account.
Why?
Because said so!
: yo, !
What's the show to attend this weekend?
Been out of town for two weeks but now I'm back...
did you like the wild finish to the Nationwide race!!'
I'm now following you again.
o CATS Cats!
Cats!
Cats!
Interesting  IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight  assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
congrats girl!
we could talk abt unnatural things for days.
I'm asking what the difference is between those two things specifically.
dude, you have missed so much of what's been going on.
Call/txt me on my sis' phone 8323145485
you gonna be a Cardinal fan now Dan?
Since Kings Speech both J Edgar and Iron Lady have featured politicians struggling to improve their speech.
Who thought THAT would catch on?
I cried a bit but I more wanted to pummel all the lame ass good for nothing school administrators.
Chicago just irritates me
Watched a show and got the best idea for a middle name.
Wait For It.
Great meeting this morning with Gordon Murphy.
Enjoyed learning about the Barnabas Group and talking about the old CCDA days.
Glad to hear it!
MAGIC adult photo's presenting Lisa Ann
I love being gang banged!
Oh hey, I did that with my Adjustables on a jacket the other day, too!
How'd it work out for you?
theavengers josswhedon  comic god.
He made a comic book come to life, not try to interpret 1 like christophernolan did with batman.
10!
Just about browned out in grandpa's chair.
it must be cold for those with no warm memories...we've already missed the spring An Affair to Remmember 3 a lady's classic :
The Milwaukee Schrabs have landed.
katerobwedding
Spring and the beginning of Q2 is a great time to reexaming your commitments.
Are you on track, what's your strategy?
Damn I want you to come over before you head home but shit it might be late af lol
First law on holes  when you're in one, stop digging.
Hoping to help fuel the nation's awakening.
Let me know if there is anything I can do in
RT Ultimate irony: a line of hand sanitizers pulled from market due to being contaminated with bacteria.
FatherGod shall supply all our need according to HIS riches in glory by LordChristJesusCast all our care on HIM
DL the film on iTunes
You were fantastic!
Getting ready for basketball practice
That's what we love to hear!
Glad we can help you out.
RT Your delivery guy rocks.
Best customer service, no contest.
Tell EVERYONE!
RT: Hey , Best Show Ever.
Thanks for the RT's Have a great weekend!
Golf carries with it the comity and goodwill that are very rare in politics  Zach Wamp
it's all good though!
morning twitter.
chillin, mall with ma niggas soon.
True  I'm seeing a lot of that motivation on websites and in my mailbox right now.
glad u came...u can get to dance in the music video!
They do that song on tour!
Oh I don't know if Posted this yet but I got my doctorvers permit I think around a month ago yay only 7 months left till I can get my license
T2  but heck, if it's only contribution is to push Facebook to improve, that will be worthwhile.
theshitkymeishasays oh yeah!
dear god lol.
check your voxer
Smh .
Hopefully you back before August 2nd
youknowthatneed to start humming when the conversation has been dead while giving somebody a lift in your car?
I ate way to much.
Ugh.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ...
Vote Today!
RT : Brunch is a time to catch up with friends...and Lesley  // thanks guys cc
that's right, you're notgonnawin because imgonnawin :
And keeps on rolling.
He and Team Penske win the pole in Sao Paulo.
Watch the race Sunday at 11am ET on
Hook yourself up already!
Subscribe to FreeMixtapeLove.com and get great sounding, free music.
You deserve it.
soon as i hit the water i started to die lmbao hahahahaha
Writing slightly unconventional analysis of The Good Soldier...for an arch.
class, w/ some Adolf Loos thrown in.
Interdisciplinarity is fun!
I watched up to like season 6 over the course of 2 months.
While its funny, all the characters become so 1dimensional later on
Listening to my Reno Radio station Wild 102.9 online!
I Cant Sleep On A Warm Pillow...
SOMEBODDY LEFT THE GATE UP!
Come to ACM's concert, Rugged American Elegance, on Friday November 4.
Checkout www.americancenturymusic for more details.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Q4,sschat, we reinacted the tearl of tears!
Studied it first, students wrote the script, planned the costumes, went on a trail videoed it!
Where's summer!
beautiful!
i dunno what's wrong with my googling tonight, but i couldn't find that for the life of me.
Hm, I'll have to put my thinking cap on!
What about other sciencerelated stories?
Happy birthday to the beautiful !
birthdaygirl :
Looking forward to it!
:
I can't wait to get out of work
Had a doctorappt today and there were dozens of pamphlets in the waiting room, all promoting different doctorgs with many possible side effects.
Sure!
How can I?
3 Thanks :
RT : I predict more hits for  yeah, if she keep hanging out with cris brown...
If you have time for doctorma then you aren't using your time wisely...
white chicks, mean girls, and the note book3
I must get tickets!
Oh dear I hope they come to WA 
Thank you Lord for another day
I hate you
Great!
We'll have live music from the Benderz!
Today's K atty tip: Does your agency have a bonus program for your contractattorneys?
It matters if you want the best talent.
I have been having a custody battle against crazy socialite lauryn shackles over benji!
Shell b on twitter soon!!!!
I also enjoy White Dude In Berlin Leaning Menacingly.
Yess..
I'm back in business!
:
Craig James.
JUST KIDDING!!
Beta trip tomorrow.
Were gonna
Come on in and say bye to me, this week!
My last day in shop is a week from today.
Texas here I come!
Mine is going pretty good thx for askin : and why not so good for most of u ?
We will use the weekend to slowly adjust to your impending disappearance.
austin can yue plz notice me or follow me or something i will be in love with yue forever andya so plzzz:
if you decide to do it let me know, I'm on Etsy.
Would be happy to share what I've learned.
makes good point that nonprofessorts can sustain projects from hackathons.
Doesn't need to be govt.
You went into the barrel and out...
but in reality, you were in there for 18 hours, having the time of your life.
it looks your face is the perfect fit for that body,,,I've saved one of those photos on my laptop.:
Haven't seen it, but I still don't believe it : I'm great...
keeping busy in the Big Apple...
LA seems to agree with you!
Man I miss my black berry ..
I was thuggin it out I swea
Thanks weather for cancelling my fishing charter, now i gotta shop with the wife all day...
BRIAN!!
Thanks so much  I missed you too and hope everything is going great w you!
I can't wait for Mdoctorto open up!!
Wow!
Time does fly.
But that's a good sort of progress.
:
The plain white one.
Good to see you at 's event!
oh man...
How many days till football starts?
Gonna be a long summer.
I Hoopppeee and Wiisshhh that will come to the USA again for a second leg!!!
Pleeaassseee!!!!3
I've already have, ehe.
I'll enjoy it to the maximum because it's true you do only live once..
Get your ass to Miami dude :o
Our Night School band blog has been updated.
Check it out at www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
yea he can doctorve!!
I member when he tweeted about it!:
i am chillin
Ha ha.
I'm a petite hourglass.
Gwyn is nutty.
Well Heath Bell isn't too bad of a guy he threw me a baseball right after the game.
GOOD MORNING Milwaukee.
I need some music suggestions to kick my day off right.
GO!
These young ladies are ill
Hey Thrillist I don't know if you accept events but I've got somethin I think you'd like!
I just hope you can change her mind.
Nice, is it pretty novicefriendly software?
Dear Netflix you should of consulted with a PR firm before making all your customers angry!

RT : Can't believe it!
We're approaching 200,000 'likes' on Facebook!
What an amazing family of support!
Haters are always going to yell your failures and whisper your successes.
Make sure 2 keep 'm quiet!
you'll be my american boy
Tired...cataloged two bins of props.
I bet you were the one on the right..;
Train tickets just past 4:45 with the End of the Workday Giveaway.
All you have to do today is guess a number between 1 and 10....
boomer
ya bad start to my day.
Will in like 3 months
I sent ya a FB message ;
Can i get a fucking donut???
Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far
Five accused of conspiring to blow up Clevelandarea bridge...
so, are they white and we must call them a militia, or arab and terrorists?
Poor Alec Williams RT : I thought I was gonna have to put myself in at the end there
Nothing like sitting outside of accounts waiting for someone to show up.Sit for 20 minutes,take the order in 30 sec.
Commission....90 cents.
Dustin Kahlil Band stays strong in Hard Rock battle
Wall miamibeach tonight!
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made
Mentorship is a way to build bridges between different generations
Everyone go see at
Quick shower

IMHO it's a bit of both
Ahaha me too ..shits fun RT : Im real good at being an asshole ;
Only Kobe can rape a girl and show his face in public again
What does Coach Cowher think of Big Ben?
WWW.USSportspages.com
aka a little too much coffee?
Lone Star buckets for 10.
That's a bucket of 6 for 10.
We are doing that everyday all day.
Closed on Mondays.
jealous of the females in your life, looking sharp guys!
70 of nonprofessort professorssionals in DC and NYC find their jobs unfulfilling in the nonprofessort sector.
We have some stuff signed by him...
We begin by reviewing your needs through discussions with family members  when necessary, with healthcare providers.
4089771133
I do that as well.
Its weezer's best song.
I like the part..
Never mind, I didn't like it at all!
At first I was exited  then I was like,did I just spent 10 on this?
Is there a growing awareness/concern amongst spagoers about Fair Trade Certified ingredients in their spa treatments?
Catch Sherlock Holmes this weekend at the Varsity Theatre 9pm on Friday, 7  10pm on Saturday.
Tickets are just 2 with your MUID!
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
Amazing social media webinar going on now
ok that's cool
Money Running
why is it so hard for me not to smile?!
why iguessimjusttoobubbly :
Tovo indicates she believes that the agreement for Green redevelopment was intended include longterm affordability, not seven years
Smoking something good, 3 blunts and I'm smacked out.
DealBook: JPMorgan x2019;s Outsize Trades doctorw Interest of Regulators United States and British regulators have been in discussions with
what about the flyers?
If we had food everyday in Locurtos class, I guarantee our grades would be better.
Let's hope we can keep it up!
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of doctordgery  triumph; a beginning, a struggle  a victory.
everybodys working for the weekend!
Yes!
Idk I just don't feel like going to sleep though xD
There is a certain volume that P.J.
Hanleys reserves for games against Bostonarea teams.
I feel like I'm in high school  Parklife just came on my iTunes shuffle followed by Cornershop 45.
o okay : wanna go to the movies tuesdayy ?
But solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil.
Hebrews 5:14
people in Philadelphia who are plugged into the Eagles.
The conductor of my subway train winked at me and said good night as I left the station.
winningatnewyork?
RT : No sleep till !
Stop being afraid...
we're all introverts at some level...
with experience comes comfort and confidence.
GoodMorning Everyone From
I sent you the link to my commentary today on Canadian TV on George Zimmerman and
All those fairy tails are full of shit.
One more stupid love song and I'll be sick!
NewJam!
Good Records and Other Music in NoHo are pretty rad.
You want me to move?
We would miss you!
Moderate stress,like doctorving to an unfamiliar place to take a memory test,can produce test results similar to those of a Alzheimers patient
Thanks so much for the awesome review , you rock!
So glad you enjoyed the new CD!
So freakin' pissed that Levi Johnston stole our preferred baby name, Breeze Beretta.
Will go with second choice, Tornado Uzi.
I thought you worked for both, thus more work up here...
I'm going to say it was over disagreements of religious beliefs
watching dance moms miami!
love every one of them!
Purple Haze is in the house!!!
Come by for TGIF.
All 8th is 40 no tax
Ok people, to work I go.
Let's hope the Cubs get a W!
At work smashing
wins at Bay Hill.
Good for him.
Honestly.
Screw the negativity.
Good for golf, too.
Trending to nobody's surprise...
Everytime i go work out its always a big bitch walking like she got no where to go.
Judging from the number of people at Kroger, Columbus is totally panicking over snow tonight...
Overcast night in Deerfield for the 23rd annual Classic track and field meet.
There are 18 Division 2 and Division 3 teams competing.
I'm doing a theme for my tumblr :
Why do they call you wolf?
Is it because you have the biggest forehead I've ever seen?
The decline in journalism is appalling.
Between copy errors and bad headlines.
GRRRRRR.
Now, facts are wrong, evidenced by the...
that's an inverted 'oh my god'.
Thanks!
We're excited about it.
RT : Congratulations!
That's exciting for you
Listening to Newport Folk Festival on radio, not like the real thing, but for this easily visually distracted person, almost as good.
Our celebration of the legendary Warda Al Jazairia continues..
yes indeed she did .

Good morning, Jamie.
Have a great weekend!
RT : A firm handshake is a sign of a good interview!
1 GM seed for iPhone, iPad released to developers
You're SO sexy.xD
PLEASE please follow back :o!!!!
: RT Sitting back and watching my former interns go onto greatness  I cannot explain how good it feels  congrats everyone!
Small libraries, museums  other cultural heritage institutions do not have resources like major institutions  beware elitism.
Why does everyone have to have a damn song with 2 Chainz?!
yes I can't wait to go!
it's too late, I'm off to sleep.
Count yourself lucky.
: Rich Girls/Boys are worse as Rich Asshole Couples.
I run this town, babe.
Buy me that, babe.
You want that, babe?
Her and I worked on both sides together.
:
I would make u my bitch but u already it lol
Day 2 of dancing on Basis Of Decision!
bunfun for days!
your twitter name is stupid , just like you .
lol oh ok .
Thanks
U also:
And I love my Nephew!
Hawaii Web Design and SEO Company, E.B.B.
Interactive, Targets HVAC, Real Estate, and Veterinary Markets
my favorite game!
ill be playing that on wednesday
Friday night discussing empowerment through digital media!
Woot!
yes the truck of naughty naughty things.
Lol
absolutely!
Selfnominations are definitely encouraged :
Not the four letter word that I'd choose, but yes, you're right.
list of things that cause cancer 1.
EVERYTHING!
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Love her..
No more orthopedic boot!
Happy day!
Hitless in Seattle staring Phil Humber.
.
Kidnation Concert Tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM!
Good morning  happy Friday!
Ha.
MTV has a podcast called 120 seconds.
I remember when it was 120 minutes!
Talked with Google Attribution Labs today.
Would love to get beta access to Google Analytics multichannel funnels features
He should be around a .280 hitter.
He is right in his prime too, which makes it confusing.
uh oh Chelsi is cussing again
SENIORS...
Remember people don't remember how u start..
but will remember how u finish
it's rough, isn't it?
Darn sacred cookies....
Halloween/Day of the Dead means skull masks and altars.
Make your own at Mingei International.
Oct.
29, 113.
BP Family Day
Oh go on.
Did Tiger meet a stripper named Pebbles Beach?
Was that the married name of Fred Flintstone's daughter?
may the force of the cheese be with you always and forever!!!
Its 11pm here thats crazy!
Have a great day at work dear!
I have to be at work in like 5 hours so I have to get sleep!
Lol
This show is so addicting.
Thanks for the
Its impossible said pride.
Its risky said experience.
Its pointless said reason.
Give it a try whispered the heart  Anonymous
Thanks for the kind words.
Please remember that our projections should be only one of the components of your research.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 63 to 68 near...
Don't you trust wordofmouth recommendations from friends and family more than other messages you receive?
We do.
4MeNU.
movies for you
Great pic  Gotta love Tampa Bay!
Stopping through the TweetSuite at the AutoClub400 for to talk Twitter with NASCAR fans
Today in Invention History: Houston and Thomson granted patent in 1881 for a centrifugal separatorthe creamer.
justin bieber  baby
mario 3d land is the best handheld game so far!
sony gotta step their game up!
thanks much for checking out my blog.
So appreciate it and look forward to following your tweets
You've got a fast car, is it fast enough so we can fly away?
Yes!!
RT : everyone follow and AND SUPPORT THEM!
Damn....askScandal Cyrus to can take out psychic ms.
Cleo
Smh tf were u thinkin when u did that!
las delicias on Park.
Get your margaritas there too...jumbo
Didn't even take an hour and a half, you got pumped, them get to cool down on the sideline....
You will leave the Reading settings  Front page displays as Your latest posts ...
havin some doctornks  goin out for a bit.
You?
Thanks but ehh it's mostly just a wait and watch weekend for me.
I feel like this seasons thebachelor has been the courtneyrobertson show.
It is really irritating.
She is such a deuchebag!
gorgeous day  would rather be riding a horse than a desk jockey, but how else would I afford them:!!!!
After watching MayweatherCotto 24/7 finale, safe to say we are watching semifinals of 154lb tournament tomorrow?
Yea but can u keep up with that?
:p
RT : greennet discussing a fav topic: how web can doctorve a green economy thru sharing systems.
Two days of great weather in a row, I'll take it.
Back to blog building today!
I love your new album and my favorite is the one u did with doctorke
Justice Alito Will Not Attend Obama's State Of The Union Tiny little man with hurt feelings.
You make bad law, expect criticisms.
Jerk.
Louisiana hot link chips and doctornk 4.50!!!!
Try some Iced Hibiscus Tea
apparently there's a lot going on w new media and the touring biz  mobile promos, data collection
GETTING THE ARTISTS TOGETHER BUT I HAVE NOT FOUND A LOCATION FOR IT YET
On lunch at work relaxing and listening to TheResolution by my favorite cd EVER!
Go to amazon.com or doctorwseeley.com to get it!
hahaha, OMG Shoes!
Thanks for the mention!
RT Douglas Trumbull on experiment on human brain: bell curve shows people most excited by moving images at 66 FPS.
I thought of you this morning when I had a nutella scone for breakfast.
Hope you are doing well!
Welcome to twitter Jonesie.
See you at the lap pool mañana for our seriously over due workout!
:
My back itches but i cant reach it
Save me one
haha that video cracked me up!
And I have heard so many crippled jokes you have no idea haha!
Ohh I want to learn how to surf!!!
we understand.
:
lol!
Impossible  only one person in history has gotten pregnant by not having sex, I think I'll be safe.
Lol!
Ha ha!
Live swag on da runniest of ronzies get the doctormmer...
After I graduate in approximately 5 months, yes.
We will play Muse songs for the rest of our careers.
Working on NYC trip...no dates yet RT : Good will that b soon?
Quick someone follow get her past 666 followers!
looking good, great to be able to see so easily who's viewed your professorle
RT Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen Covey
markets voodoo foodcarts rosegarden tram  what to see in 24 hrs in Portland?
Thx!
: Just discovered  I have to say it might b the best idea ever.
Thinking of taking some courses soon!
yes, this weekend
ehhh I gotta study for all these subjects waiting for June 4, 2012 .
What has the world come to when a Catcher is hitting .134 and making 4 million dollars?
PirateProblems daaaayyyymmm
I cant wait til ya BD gets out  whoop ya ass!
YOU BIG Dumb Foreheaded Bitch that fucks  fall in love with your cousin...
FCW is going to be on WWE network.
The pen and the sword are both necessary.
Great interview with OSO Artist, Crystal Guzman, today.
What a story, what a voice!
Oh ya, did you vote today?
www.refresheverything.co
okay that's cool
Finally hit 50!!
Woo Hoo...Thank you for helping me get there.
Now I'm shooting for 75!
Gm feeling good
When where you want to be is unavailable, even a crowded bar feels pretty lonely.
bruh u kno i dont be caring i can out doctorss any nigga that wanna try his luck
Sunoco  the gas station  suggested I follow it on Twitter.
Sad.
you should write an article about how stupid that article is.
IF YOU DON'T, I WILL!
Thanks for writing !
Had call from citizen in Golden area wondering whether Jeffco's power was out because hers was.
No problems at the Jeffco campus
yeah its due tmister :
Today is a new day.
Fill it with new experiences
Spin spin spin spin spin
Headed to D.C for the weekend!!!
Looking forward to being on the East Coast for a lil bit....I wish I had time to go to NY tho....
Hey, , you're black.
Will you sell me a phone?
Today's band name: Orange vs.
Biddle Battle
maybe it's my windchime ;
U just let me know when this Danny Espinosa just watches Ryan Anderson push him around 4 an offensive rebound.
Why is everyone suddenly obsessed with ombre and chevrons?
Bombmaker told atty he robbed four local Bank of America branches because they have the worst security of any bank
Teaching Tennyson's Idylls next semester; good excuse to watch cheesy King Arthur movies.
Uh...
that should not imply that you are backing slackers.
Quite the opposite!
Im not making fun!!!!
I knew you would go nuts for it!!!
TAYLOR POWERS FOR PROM QUEEN!!
no black is you're name !
Noo it was only a Joke :
TX4 following, And , we greatly appreciate your business!
:
it's always windy around Batman
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Can't wait to go home  see my family
Josh!
Thanks for the RT : Happy Saturday!
Get ready, set, go!
Run to your new life!
no problem fool.
You like twitter?
persistent, distributed, mutable object graphs are hideous.
I used to be a dev for one.
Datomic's journal: promising
Imma kill Sharnelle for sending that group message, my messages was blowing up
We should all count our blessings we never know when something might happen  make us long for even the semipeaceful times!
Yes, it is a 10 part series.
They are on part 4.
Would love to hear your thoughts!
anytime!
I usually have no plans
I am in aton of trouble i might as well just buy a keg at the stadium before every game!
4 great tweets!
As long as she don't need stupid amounts of makeup to makeup the self esteem  scotty!!!
Excellent job on gh today!
I loved it!
Daaayyyyuuuum Sonny  Carly : We still got it!
Amen to all of the above haha
RT : AmyWinehouse joins the Forever 27 club.
Not a shock, but a very sad story.
Thanks for the RT Hope you're doing well.
just what viewers need, another qb commentating on the mothership
Thankful for all of the idiots who aren't mothers.....yet
Rule 34.
No exceptions.
: Bo.
That sucks.
beautiful but would be better in person thanks for shareing
When life around you changes, try to keep your sameness.
also says he might come!
I love you soo much,you did soo great in hp6 i started crying when harry did sectumsempra even tho i knew what happened!
i 333 u
Waiting to go on with Kelle and Erika Viking to talk about Casaball!
Tune into 102.5!
Parenthood could be a little crazy sometimes but for me is worth every second of it.
Nothing beats a midday I just called to say I love you, Uncle Jake from my niece, Shianne.
Great job today by standing up for women on Video will be posted soon.
awesome lets uh think positive
Are you doing this to me because I don't share your love of unicorns?
he is so mean to me!
Sometimes..
I JUST WANNA KILL PEOPLE IN THE FUCKING PIT.
Oh let's face it, I have the suds.
sniff..
Thanks for the follow.
If I can assist your firm in any way please let me know.
60 Service of process, Unlimited attempts.
Thanks
i'm going to KILL HIM i just get so pissed because i know i have to work in an hour
Who wants my 63ooth tweet.!
aw what's in the box??
Road show update: Having to make more toffee for the road show in Arkansas!
It's so popular we've almost sold out!
Wow.
That sounds like tasty potassium death.
Am jealous!
haha ya it is
you got a GP shirt?
this is the LAST rain of the year :
if all you play with is the thunder and heat on 2k12...
you're not good.
What you talkin' bout willis
mhmm sure me alone is like 100 ppl cuz im a 
mybiggestpetpeeve is when people call themselves hopeless romantics and have no idea what that phrase means
there ain't nothing better than seeing your homies win, man.
congratulate them, salute them, applaud em', dap em'...all that.
very nice player API, same one Storyline uses.
Everything Storyline can do, API can do.
I'm looking to hire a programmer to help me implement a language as a parttime gig.
Send me a direct message if interested!
Betty White ads still the best
Were gonna hit u wit songs from TheDark, Ultra  Supply May 24  Yayo Tacos!
Let's hope someone asks if they'd agree to annual audits in the city government...
call me.
When you wake up with the Ramones in your head, you know it's going to be a good day in special collections.
facebook Geolocation is one of most debated topics due to piracy settings.
fb is figuring benefits to your checkins.
Looks like most people agree: is the new awesome.
Chicago is a fan.
Let's go Bucks!
Spring is here....that means summer is coming, and so is Festival Flamenco!
Of course I'm serious.
Also had the opportunity to pee next to him.
It was magical?
Yes, magical
u seem not to care ??
lol ;
Update: The Amazing AcroCats have added a show Tuesday  7pm!
Get your tickets fast!
I'm feeling sick oh great!...
finally in Utah!
and I had InOut for dinner!
score :
Whats up with the devils just not showing up they picked up a hero and still cant find it in them to pull off the wins.
Saw a Virgin mobile commercial and its such a shitty commercial like seriously your company sucks ass
wish I was going 2b with you in Philadelphia!
L'chaim 2 this year's featured nation,
ah , somewhat!
:p
have you ever been double c4'ed off a moab in which both c4's came from the same person??
At the UniverSoul circus wit my Booski!!
Clinton Cards have gone into administration Another High Street name potentially gone.
Shout Out To All My Follows.
Duane Cha.....
Thanks.
Haven't heard from all today phone powered oh well.
I can live a day lol
is contemplating doctorving to Freeport, Maine this weekend.
Im bouta curse this bih out sendin me this long ass chain text message..
Nobody send that shxt no more lol
And all of a sudden the game is tied.
LakersNuggets game7.
Lawson is on fire!
Didyouknow Mars appears red because it's covered in rust
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Enlarge your penis free!
Look at it through a microscope.
Dear internet, as we ramp up this whole end of the world thing, keep in mind its Maya not Mayans.
Sincerely, The Maya.
This guy in the airport has the fattest plug I've ever seen in his mouth
Some days everything seems infinitely possible
Happy Autumn my LOVELIES!
so how in the world do we addoctorss this??
was talking a lot 2 my cousin last week who has kid going into kinder...
doctorms tracked on four songs so far.
Three to go, then it's on to the other instruments!
Why is Van Halen stuck in my head?
I don't even listen to Van Halen.
Okay, it's officially summer 
Yes where we record the guy mixes and masters but we may be in need of extra mastering if so we will contact you :
President O: Higher education is the surest path to the middle class.
hit me up or i will inbox or email u show dates
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Lao Tzu
I followed
I've got til I graduate college...then they kick me out!
If you want it, you gotta work for it!..
No one owes you anything.
fridayreads Freud: A Very Short Introduction, by A.
Storr Rather liked this updated version.
DC farmer's market on wheels just got pulled over by cops in Mt.
Pleasant b/c the doctorver looked 2 be doubleparked while picking up a pizza
Happy doctorft Day!
Da Bears
Can anyone find the hidden message on my Twitter page?
U may need two monitors.
so proud.
GET IT DONE!
QUESTIONMARK???
It's okay, you rule.
My aunt just crashed my party and told me 2 go downstairs with the rest of the littlw kids...y do i have 2 b with the 26 year olds when ...
Pretty cool that 's own was at the Atlantis launch!
Hope it was amazing, Gavin!
can you recommend any great football books?
: I got Trust issues and a Short attention span
When piranhas are in a feeding frenzy the water appears to boil and churn...
Continued next tweet
Cmon!
Phoenix Suns need to pick up the pace...
You're not fat doee ahah
FF These people are doing big things!
It's fine by me, if you never leave ;
I'm here for a few days for a client kickoff.
Yes misterBouris...
we do love you ....
hubba hubba
Another protester arrested at occupysd.
Police formed a barricade and pushed back an unruly crowd as he was carried into a police van.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up
Catch me on the June 21st episode of The People's Court at 5PM Pacific Time.
I was doctorpping knowledge lol
good song.
thanks for sharing.
I love Timothy Busfield .
I love when I'm right!
Dead armadillo count5
I hope everyones gonna be okay tonight .
.
You all are in my prayers .

Hi Erin, I actually make money with coffee, YOU can too and realistically retire in 12 months!
www.millionsdoctornkcoffee.com
Shout out to , , , Thanks for following!
:D
I really struggle with using SM to complain, but there is something srly wrong with 's customer service for their grocery delivery
Going to follow some people back.
Tweet me for a follow!
Sara
No time to wallow in the mire...
What do you think of this war story?
I was kinda sneaking it at work, too.
RT : Pictures,Campaign Builder, building my flow chart, no more sloppy hand doctorwn pictures hanging in the office
dude I totally conozco what you're saying.
It's muy not bueno, bromano
i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved, dear colleague : love the name change!
congrats.
lookin' fwd to Oct 1
why don't you discuss all the Palestinians murdered by Hamas BUTCHERS?
Israel always wants peace.
Portland is beautiful.
Took a morning walk through the Rose Test Garden and the arboretum.
The air was so sweet it smelled like Froot Loops.
The penguin was clearly lying to me ...
It's ok quote Chris Haserot
Good talk with and glad I've matured and grew we these girls
Visiting Wivenhoe for a week!
My unofficial weather report  It is WAY colder in Seattle tonight than it was last night.
the bitch who told me my relationship wouldn't last, is fucking pregnant
Looking for music engineers in Miami area if u know how to mix in protools holla at me!
More than we should.
So I'm bored
Can someone please help me get one more follower?
Im almost to 380.:D Just one more please?
: 
Welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
It's a gorgeous day!
Think I'll take Beau pup to the park.
And work while there, of course.
how about i go take a look for him?
i know the woods, and he wanted to talk.ill take him a coat
RT Twinkle Twinkle Little Snitch , Mind Your Own Business You Nosey Bitch
Kettlebell Kickboxing might be the death of me.
Why the hell isn't there a bigger bottle of aleve?
: A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy.
It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T.
S.
Eliot
Q: What is generally considered to be the first pony car?
A: Pontiac Firebird, B: Mercury Cougar, C: Ford Mustang, D: Chevrolet Camaro
Popeyes is my second home in Chicago!
You are special, you are loved.
Even when neglected by your beloved.
Keep at the cardio anyway.
It'll help you determine the right pathway.
Love makes the soul come out of its hiding place.
Zora Neale Hurston
grrrrrr....
U should have
listening to my music now.
I got a few things back today.
Next month I hope you'll be bumpin me!
I miss you!!
I need this vaction already.
I'm ready to get AWAY from EVERYONE.
i love yoouu :
We Need to Talk About Kevin  not the feel good hit of the summer.
Do good, cause good things follow.
there IS a different price...
minus airfare.
RT IF YOU LOVE ICONIC BOYZ OR JUSTIN BIEBER3 I DO!
If your intellect doesn't match up to the physical qualities that some of you think you have then thats just false advertisement.
Relax and enjoy tomorrow!
We got this!
It's gonna be a great day to be a Cat fan.
currently following 420 ...
sweet.
got a really good pick for tomorrow, but this time, i will not reveal it.
I did buy some.
u still wanna get them jordans today skett??
thanks baby!
Rock on!
XO
One offer after another we get it done...
And have fun doing it!
aw well I bet u will and u need to come back to school.
I rely miss u.
This weekend in Chicago is 1 of my favorite events Good Food Chicago Fest.
Buy your tickets now
Didn't plan on waking up from surgery  being rushed to ER, but home now  I am doing ok..
Thanks to all my friends and family 3
is one of the greatest guests u have had.
Very articulate and amazingly beautiful.
that's gotta be one impressive dog...lol.
Communication works both ways .
So Hmu when wan to talk .
so happy you stopped by
Not every performance is going to be the best but the fact that you have the guts to do it makes it worth the practice 
Loved seeing your digital tap list on the cover of after visiting you guys back in August.
Very cool.
is killing this CNN debate.
GET IT!
Eggs Benedict with extra hollandaise sauce...now I'm doctoroling.
What are you watching on TV tonight?
He SLAPS RT In the gym on it RT  windows down on Stanley wit in my ears.......
Congrats from BlueRock!
pw2012 Matt Unrath of WOW says the average income needed by elders to be financially stable is at least 16,000 a year
Way to go Brett Favre!!
Eye Glasses Losing Shape?
Use both hands to remove and put on your glasses to keep your frames properly aligned.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Keep smiling.
I can't make it.
Sorry :
Allegheny39;s 1Q professort Falls
Thank you so much!
My bday gift/thanks to you: I think of you when i throw out ugly shoes.
Wisconsin Bakers  Budweiser Pavilion introduce Cream Puff 3Packs  Fair Park  Wed Night Live, July 21 to benefit Youth Foundation.
Bitch I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I flip Writing Instruction mostly.
Still developing my reading flip.
Bro tell me y dis nigga Paul George Indiana pacer shook my hand lol we doctornk
Sun Kil Harvest Moon, Pokemonsters of Folk
From this moment life has begun.From this moment u r the 1.Right beside u is where i belong.From this moment on...
Id' say your rejection of him as realistic stems from the fact that a romantic nature hasn't served you, or me, well in life.
Check your invites!
Sent all my fb peep invites to the new page ; stay safe  be blessed my friends!
reports on the Union Council's plan to delay making the GlassBox rentable until 1 year after it opens.
you mean someone took him off the DL?
Start the party!
how dare u..
U cheat!
Reporting u
Watching Reruns Of !!
ABDC6Boyz 3
Don't you hate it when a person you don't even know is mean too you...I do, im glad im a nice sweet person
Please take away the 1969 Z28 Camaro from the guy in the Viagra commercial,  give him a minivan.
ED shouldn't roll like that.
Holy shit!
That song is from 2005.
I knew it was an old favorite, but I'm surprised that it's been hanging around for 7 years now.
might as well go see lincecum
What happened with the window
See the good suggestions for the Studystrong Pinterest board earlier?
If you run and your arms don't move, odds are in favor of that you run like a penguin.
lmao i love u
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web.
While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Hey , Is RL Cafe open for dinner on Sunday Nights?
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth?
: I don't want to go to heaven.
None of my friends are there.Oscar Wilde love this one...
Me to lol RT : I've blocked a lot of people on twitter lol
Going to go support In septmber at the nokia!
Make sure to come!
She's AMAZING.
be sure to make us a stop on ur routewe're just steps away from kelly doctorve!
we're open for dinner daily plus weekend brunch!
because you were tweeting yourself a minute ago!
how u been
About 6 of our FF users are still on 3.6.
Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age
Suitcase  packed.
That fight today Q lmfaooo some girls should just stick to talkin shit  rollin they eyes .
Awesome TD by the SeattleSeahawks.
Too little too late though.
Been a rough week.
Hoping to take some positivity into the weekend.
RT : Listening to explore his past mistakes in business at sddchi.
Join me in the main auditorium!
doctorving around with C:
We're going live!!
Hello, Madison!
I'd be a great lawtalking guy!
just got back to LA.
I was in NY for the webbys.
Great show!!
i wanna see itt!
:
lol I Didn't go out...
I think I have stomach flu :
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper 
With regard to Art and Architecture ...
enjoying the dialogue between  on issues surrounding
Time for DEXTER!
Love this show!
Okay...
To much like Twilight.
Tanned guy and vampire going after same guy...
o.o
this is unreal, Lincecum clearly can't find the strike zone and the Brewers are still swinging away, just brutal
Keeping ANC uptodate every day FF:
Apparently someone wants to rape my childoctorn.
i'm pretty close to having enough for an ebook40k words...
Thanks for the follow!
At a party at Gloria Swanson's old house.
View from roof is outrageous 360 of LA.
I love this city.
stop with that :!
It's me that's blessed
love it :
who didn't respond?
good job garrison
Awesome.
Come back soon.
RT Introduced to the world of Thai today.
was a great first experience.
Sending out positive vibes and gratitude into the Twitterverse.
Have a wonderful day!
I get my degree this year, I'm starting my first film, I'm getting a new place, and I'm writing.
Good year: 
Nice 5k!
PS.
Has my constant cheering support of your runstreak gotten annoying yet?
You been down wit me from day one, never gave up on me, im so Blessed to have you in my life.
Ima the world know who really makes me happy.
Can you feel how envious I am over here!!
Look for my brother.
He's going.
ADM Directors Approve Change to CalendarYear Financial Reporting, Declare Cash Dividend
kicking ass on
We'll be working to put presentation materials online after mtg; also look for videos of selected sessions.
So probly woke up to like 5bil.
Notifications From me commentin on his pics ;D
I could seriously go for 's honey  BBQ sauce grilled asparagus right now!!!
: RT At press conf.
announcing Aspire program helps MI students graduate and prep.
for workforce.
RT : Make the most of yourself, because thats all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
BIW supporting on Tuesday in London at excel , plenty to talk about, we help lots of public sector clients.
I was to blind to see that you were too deaf to hear me.
we're big fans of live tweeting sporting events, leading the conversation around a game
; sure, whatever you say.
:P
well i better quit the limes ...
LOL hope you're having a great day
word!!
I hope it goes well bro!
lolol NO resist the urge!
I replied
Thanks for the RT.
Have a lovely day :
i could helpp :/ maybe pick out a few shirts that you like  i'll try to choose from them?
:
what up fam!!
Yu ready for this CrackHouse video!?
Casting ocean city commercial today in oc  rehobeth for details  to audition email pic to All types
I know bro It did look like the dale
Application to Graduate in December 2012: Submitted.
petty little girls I swear.
She wanna talk shit and not back it up, bitch get to stepping if you ain't bout nothing
Happy BDay to the King of Pop Michael Jackson
It's awesome, but cuz of all the spoilers, I expected more .
still trying to figure out how to add friends to my Google account!
LOL
RT Steinberg effectively kills AB1208, controversial bill 2 strip courts' control of it's funding.
Says he won't refer bill.
how many people call you nigguh?
really.....
Happy Halloween!
Everyone please be safe
Not the days I look forward to at work
RT : sure I will do a and dccodeathon session at TCamp2010 !
thank u for asking!
Happy Day before Cinco De Mayo Day everyone!
May the 5th be with you...tomorrow.
Andy Rooney: I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened.
If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
AJ Pierzynski makes me look welladjusted.
Would you like free promotion?
Please email me at
Amazing show last night!
Between the rockin music  swag to the awesome line itselfLOVED it!
Rain rain go away!
Have decided......only thing missing from that last photoshoot was a motorcycle....and with that image...doctorols, Faints, Dies!
leaking the ads creates buzz, traffic to website.
Just saw TheAvengers.
I know I can be one for hyperbole, but honestly that was one of the coolest movies I have ever seen.
Remember we went to the Burgh to visit your fam and your mom handed me a broom and saidtake care of this for me
Bring it on!
I agree.
moving to the coffee capital of America is not going to help you.
Oh jeez.
I need a girl with a fat fucking juicy ass in my life .......
RT: I cant listen to a whole album full of Dolph.
hell naw!
likewise.
Thank you for putting that on.
was so great.
I really had a blast!
Charles Blow's column: slashing Earned Income Credit jumps poverty from 16 to 18.
Childoctorn18.2 to 22.4.
Angry.
that's about the sweetest thing I've heard all day!
what is it, what is it?
Contact the Pitmaster at 7717357 to cash in the deal!
Who else has an obsession with 's cover of Born This Way/Express Yourself ?
I happen to like your distinctive laugh.
Should be the 'National Laugh?
LOL
I know..
Bit of a break for me before I return to licensing contracts, donation projects  my own office work.
FF Author of Lot: How Real Estate Came To Own Us, an enlightening look at the financial crisis.
who's in the Bay area ??
Pep is playing around with that sweater collar, he knows it's getting tense.
I was with him!
We were probably yelling about life and frightened you off.
I feel like I have excluded twitter from my life......well....life with no twitterno life...therefore...I was dead.
:D
Just heard the song Savior by for the first time.
Genius.
Testing the Twitter Transission
hey good to 'see' you!
sorry the cued up songlist is twitting out of sync, doing catch up
Jiddu Krishnamurti Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
think the world is entertained with my energies...
it loves it x;D
I love that I can be myself when I talk to you..
:
If you brew your own beer, make sure you talk about the process loudly at any party you go to.
SO INTERESTING!
Enjoying and The Power of Erma
I wanna be a fly on that wall!
Oh my hair is not cute:o
hell yea
Practice by doctorke : my song
Thanks for liking our video!
Gas went up .51 cents today.
Fuck that.
That must be why my ass hurts.
I see I'm gonna have to do something big
Rmber all those things u said to me how I was the most important thing in your life how you would nvr let me go well look at me now im alone
I don't like to wait around either.
Express Lube can service most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
then the weekends you're busy going to parties haha
Looking forward to doctornking some green beer today..
Happy St Patricks day to one and all!!
I want to borrow slides from doctorcula in FRBR Terms on Slideshare to include in a video I'm making, FRBR for the Rest of Us.
ill bet someone knows stole her iphone.
has it's first worship gathering in a long time tomorrow night at 8 pm!
Worship with us in the City Room!
Damn O didn't take you long to jump off the bandwagon !!!
322 not to bad !!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!!
I'm going!
Agreed!
RT : and were great blackjack company at
you is so beautiful Rawrr 
I have some that semidismiss hard work I've done by saying I'm very smart as if that made everything a total breeze.
Combat intelligence gathering exercises on the Muchraka on mount Carmel
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn.
I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
Who needs to eat when you can have a ManiPedi instead?!
are you by your computer???
Obama Accused Of Treason At Romney Event huffpost For being a Hawaiian citizen!
good grief
Fuck youtube advertisements
Do you subscribe to the CrossFit Journal?
There's a great article that Greg Amundson wrote.
skype me today chump...
I'm the next sinbad let's show CBS we can do this, all of u r on my team.success or nothing!!!!
: As it turns out, does not age.
Mama's rockin' it out, looking amazing!
You can't be serious.
Methinks the 80/20 rule applies to BRE focus too.
20 of firms contributing majority of econ growth.
The audience clapped  the end of the avengers
No I meant door.
Maybe I just thought the door handle was fancy, but I thought the door was too.
Sweet!!
Will send later...so excited: enjoy your day.:
I heard the bell on Jelli!
....Big money, big money, no whammies, Stop!!!!!
goyte does not sound like mumford and sons.
gtfo my pandora 
Me to, lets hang out.
LOL IM MAD AS HELL
woo hoo!!
I agree!
I cant wait!
Where are you going?
Did you inbox zero just in time for the weekend?
Amped Wireless UA2000 High Power WirelessN Directional Dual Band USB Adapter  wifi adapter
108k with 4 left.
One guy has all the chips.
Angela Merkel just saw her pal lose his job
Agreed.
I wouldn't switch.
That tweet was more intended as a goodnatured poke at fanboys
watching the Puppy Bowl VI with Bambi...getting ready for the Super Bowl...Colts vs.
Saints...Go Colts!
AYE YO PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I'M ON TWEET LIMIT.
can yall please hurry..I'm sweatingout here and it's nasty!!
Things I didn't know when I woke up this morning: tiny country Uruguay is 1 of 7 countries to EVER win the
Will totally post baby hummer pics when they hatch.
I wouldn't hold that against them.
:
WTF was I thinking!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea...
does that mean that one enjoys it
you know I always have a hug ready for you.
I'm sag can you use me
It's been near 80 years since the U.S soccer team beat Italy.
Klinsmann definitely gets the seal of approval
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleepThomas De Quincey
Definitely gave an amazing performance in TheAvengers .
He was devious in all the right ways.
Bravo sir!
Happy birthday to me: haha
We beat Jets game one, in NY :
The hardest thing to do these days is prolly giving a fuck
We're giving away tickets Come and get em!
Don't kiss me kiss my penis
Definitely.
I've never been to a movie that got more constant, visceral reactions from the audience.
Hey, Brett.
I'm looking at your crowd sourcing iOS text editor spreadsheet.
I don't want to mess anything up...
I had to listen twice due to his accent but I like everything about Kwaku.
Thanks.
yeah, I'm with y'all.
Might get to see one in lex in sept!
:  at least we know we'll see beats at forecastle
Oddly Amtrak is way more anal about checking tickets that Metrolink.
Maybe they take that money and use it for safety.
On twitter, I make myself sound like I always want food.
x
continuingtweet...
No matter what team it is hahaha
Not sure if yr DM is sarcastic.
Didn't post anything on Patience yet, sadly.
Big translation/proofreading project came through.
hope u feel better: you are in my prayers
lmaooo that was my breaking point
Just got done muddin  Hog Waller now it's Timmy Time:
yeah boo boo ; be tannin it up!
rolling on second action !!
what Is that.
I think I just vomited a little
Israel Ambassador to the US, Michael Oren, on Colbert...love it!
foodallergies..
are tocopherols soyderived?
Great question..
I have NO idea
NOPE real twin
This Heat game is serious as fuh
Team members don't have 2 b perfect, they just have 2 b the best they can b.
That's my definition of a winning attitude.
Mike Krzyzewski
smbmad FYI for the next event this is the correct hashtag.
Oats, peas and beans and barley....grow on farms that set up at Scottsville Farmers Market.
Check us out til 7:30 this evening.
;
i already followed lol can i get a follow back please :
Let Computer Works 360 save you up to 80 on your IT and phone costs if you are a 5013 Organisation.
NATIONAL NURSES WEEK  POEATREEMAN on Xanga
I think this is the part where Braun hits a homer and everyone goes to bed happy
Retribution!
And, do you know the zoo keepers monkeys too!
..
and getting all set up back home.
thats why.
my skills have not suffered.
As we wrap up FashionShow2012, we are deeply grateful for the outpouring of support from our sponsors, volunteers, and community members!
Even if it scares you, you still need to know.
see you december 3rd :' you're coming to my town!!
this is crazy!
nothing fun ever happens here!
and how can we expect them to use it responsibly if we don't model it for them?
I just wrote and sent my first query letter.
Excuse me while I go throw up now...
I have a crush on a player oh
Pretty sure they played NCAA teams.
And I bet ANYONE before the tournament would say Dayton over Lehigh
Today's affirmation: I am a special, unique person with much to offer the world.
Thanks GMO Kumagaisan answered my question about Lady's first, I will start taking action to change myself from today.
I say go with the second pair.
DontBeScared , Irene probably won't wipe me off the map.
Probably.
The 're heeeeerrre...
Sullinger thought there was contact And water is wet...
hahahahahhahahahahahaha
are you going to TheLazyDog Friday?
The doctoram team if there ever was 1!
MT A FF of some of my favs
follow me back ayanda
I'm having a love affair with this italian beef sandwich.
you smell like handled change
Wife: I had no idea u'd be running an ultramarathon.
Me: It was an easy 34mile run.
Her: Running 34 miles should never be easy.
Where can one buy this breadless clam chowder you speak of?

Reality check
that chick gotta name!!!
You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
inbox is at 13
My tummy is grumbling, time for lunch...
fast food today.
Not healthy...
bad me.
It is already Sunday...
Playing with someone's feelings
RT : According to KY3inSpringfield, there's 1 reported casualty in Buffalo due to tornado damage.
Most of BuffaloBranson w/o power
Celtics down by 13 points, 4532, with 3:38 left in second quarter.
Read 's last tweet to see what that means...
I really miss you , I hope you realize that , but we're not gonna be away from each other forever , just till next weekend ;
Have you ever googled yourself?
Crazy the shit that pops up!
As great as it was to watch the Broncos knock the Steelers out, I still think it would have been better for the Ravens if the steelers won.
Been a stormy morning in nwi so far.
Got a girlfriend now :
you are mister rogers.
I just survived going cross country with my mother wedged in the middle seat between complaints  complacency.
5 more likes until we hit 500!
Share with your friends, family, coworkers,  strangers!!!
Let's hit 500 today!
: city girls  country girls lie.
I only do it one way, Big or I don't do it at all!
Beam Me Up Scotty!!!!
Theres No Intellegent Life On This Planet.
God....that didn't come out right.
I live in Vegas.
Boyd casinos are old and no longer cool.
Station Casinos are the future for off strip
Haha it's only natural to be biased in that situation.
rise and shine..
My new ringtone freaks me out!
It came with my theme!:o
Thx John.
Hope your trip to High Point was good...
your booth is going to be awesome I know...
Kept waiting for part where relationship goes sour, realization protagonist wld have been better off w a Kindle/no book 2 write in
I GIVE UP IN SCHOOL.
I HATE IT.
hey...
how do you like a tweet?
The best part about the first of the month is changing the calendar page.
which is something you are great at!
Maybe we should talk...
Yo hello twitter!!!
I guess there's a first time for everything.
Cheers to my first tweet
gonna be awesome
M I love Aveda.
But fuck who you want and fuck who you like; Miss you
No.
No no.
My TL
Remember one thing this week: Ted Bundy was a Husky.
hahah yea that's not gunna happen
RT if you lurk Justin's tweets ;
Lolol that girl is cute O.o ??
If you haven't seen our new location come today we have lots of new hats,shoes  eye wear :
no worries bro!
All good over here, got a few new projects I'm working on...how things with you?
TarheelNation great season!
If you know me you know i be thinking franklins .
Mink Tonight 21 903 E Bitters
Did you know?
Goodyear Rubber Company researched and concluded that shoes wear out faster on the right foot than the left!
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and trash the chips!
spelling doesn't count w kissing
Good night!
Had a great lunch today with  Who knew the 'panini amore' from Dickey's on I Street was so infamous?
Whats your best trick for getting into a club first?
944 has a brandnew, REVISED editorial calendar for the rest of 2011!
Lots of cool changes!
Email me at for the new version!
thx for another great event!!
Learned lots  made some great connections
Yesterday was the last day of my academic break and today begins break.
Not happening.
Nice  First I have heard of it!
Shows how much I'm paying attn to Twitter lately!
Can't make it :
Clemens?
Zapp  Roger?
Roger Rabbit?
My dad?
Lol RT U are the only Rodger that I've ever heard of.
Short hiatus for the holiday, but we're back next week...you guys want a written workout for home?
Rest in Peace my sweet Aunt Louise.
Matthew 11: 2830
i wish today was a day me , kaitlyn  could have our girls day :/
We do all we can for our kids.
We put them first and they know it.
Our employees should view their leaders in just the same way.
Love that suggestion, but when we tried to do that for a friend in October, they wouldn't give us one because it was a weekend.
Coming up at 7:30 new guidelines reveal how smaller amounts of lead are dangerous for childoctorn.
Tune into the
Maximize your plan design simplicity and pay on results, not activities adds
fck u bitch....im studying too...last exam then summer...ima hit u up after its over
Social Media integration in the Latin music industry used it during
Reebok toning shoes refunds for all!
Yes!
a most awesome mind/body movement form.
engaging your chi is healthy and fun!
I can let you know later today!RT : Yes let's!
I will be in the office on Wednesday, how about you?
Does the Bundesliga's new 3.3B 4yr contract position them to surpass La Liga?
smacks my lips just had ta fck up the mood !
Workin on new originals and covers!!
:
Art allows people a way to doctoram their way out of their struggle.
NBA  OKC Thunder G James Harden named NBA Sixth Man of the Year
Got caught
you've become what I hate, sold yourself for a bit of fame
Does anyone has a good suggestion on how to consolidate contacts?
It is getting unmanageable
Museums have their own ryangosling heygirl site.
Where's the Sht museum people say video, already?
Check out our story on Syria tmister night on the premier of Rock Center with Brian Williams.
reports.
Be yourself.
That is technically a crate, but the puppies are very cute.
immediate death.
There is something very perfect about my 1 month old sleeping on my chest while watching the 1st place
Nw : the hustle charlie murphy Darkness
at 12.5 they really sharpened their pencils
Hey : how are you, hope you had a great weekend and I hope you're doing well!!
Miss you!!
Take care!!
Much love!!
ok.
do you have a recording of the tune?
I forgot to ask you today if you're all caught up on Glee now?
Clinched the win in my fantasy super bowl last night
I hate being sleepy
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
George Washington
coo I can't complain.
U?
Apple store in Waikiki
my friend is a disaster a day junkie.
they actively seek rack  ruin  are happy about it.
they believe  world ends in 2012 anyway.
Great Southern Bank Assumes Deposits and Purchases Assets of Maple Grove, Minn ...
MarketWatch
not yet, but I have a feeling its going to be spectacular
Just had a nice flipoff sesh with another doctorver.
That's my yoga.
So Who is a fan of the new FB Timeline?
In class about to take a test.
I'm extremely tired lol.
Listening to Chris Standoctorng, sounding good, very Smooth Jazz...
I'm not sure what we'll learn today, but I'm sure we'll learn something!
Heading to North Georgia mountains to cooloff for the weekend.
Hoping for some cold weather!
Just found out my new friend, Thunder, died.
His family is so sad, and I am so very sad for them.
: Oh yeah!
People have been saving space for centuries!
: ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I realize my 10 year old cousin has a better phone than most of my 16 year old friends.
Wtf :Swhat?
Oh wow  sexy and I know it  by LMFAO is 2 on much music countdown :
This salted caramel white mocha from is divine.
I think I have a favorite doctornk for almost every season!
r u back from Bahamas yet?!
Or r u never returning ??
oatmeal chocolate chip cookie might be the tastiest thing ever made
I do too c:
no I haven't.
I will have to check it out next time!
erroneous on all accounts, Kobe has 17 triple doubles in career.
Killed it tonight
Awareness brings us back to the present moment.
I just had that and it was so good
YES!
You're officially one of the dtla foodie crowd, now.
The Guidonian Hand is performing Conrad Winslow's Dilating Music at Juilliard, Paul Hall, Mon Oct 19 8pm
: The Educators Guide to Copyright, Fair Use, and Creative Commons http:/ /bit.ly/xEEVJK via 
I know.
I have to tone it down on here b/c of the activism.
Lol.
what are you talking about?
We know not everyone is comfortable baring themselves for a traditional massage  but at sanctuate!
there's no need to undoctorss to destress.
Dishes, then going to lay down  watch the game.
just followed
Deep cries out to deep cries out to you.
abdomen stitches are the worst!
So easy to rip open.
Hope you recover soon.
Glad they caught it early.
It was dispatched and Fire truck is treating.
A second medic unit has been requested for another person with a laceration.
you should follow me and for tweeting you in school 3
ThreeWordsAfterSex  Bang Bang Bang
Anyone out doctornking in the north hills tonight?
yea!
That would be bad ASS if you really could.
No worries tho.
Were gonna try n get a show out there this summer.
What do you think of our new professorle pic?
Okay fellow cataloguers for medium line of a work with typewritten elments, would it read Typewriter ink or Typewritten ink ?
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate when they get the tears and screaming, it's not necessary
What's your high score on Flick Kick?
Ran 2 miles today, because it is National Running Day!
I don't know of it's available in English or online, worth a search.
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Vagina Network..
Follow me
Days like this make me especially proud to be a professor Looking forward to hooding 2 of my doctoral students.
Congrats doctor.
Neville  Ludwig
oh didn't even notice.
well, yay internet, everyone's a winner today.
Are you guys all ready for JaneLeno?!
Just found I have a photoshoot with in June!!!!
That was my plan but some customers have suggested author.
Thanks!
I love a bit of goalies punching goalies!
Haha
The transcript is actually right there on the website haha
thanks for following!
You're welcome!
Your stuff is beautiful!
Thanks for the ff!
Apparently he has, GOP certainly is overrun with Selective Memory of past.
Amazing how they transfer their mistakes to PBO
I'd set it to my ringtone.
But then I'd just expect bad news all the time.
Fccrs...u fcc her u brought her!!
Lmao
Had an amazing weekend with my one true love and now I wanna start this week and get it over with so stoked for high school to be done with!
Guild Wars 2 Collector Edition looks sweet!
I tore ligaments in my hand playing wall ball.
I was 23 at the time
Hamilton won AL Player of the Week.
You should be mad at Beltran!
Hey Ted.
Will you be in F same time as usual?
I have money to give ya for book of mormon.
Madonna number 1 on billboard charts, beats out lionel richie.
What year is this?
I thought people like you were called fruits.
its bday tonight
hello sisters!
Just getting started with my workout.
Money rules the world, bitches make the world go around
go for another chimichanga haha :D
looks like a fucking moron.
Unreal
Party later on!
But not excited at all o:
is killing it on the back 9 at saddleback.
3 Pars and a birdie to start
more homework.
with a side of football.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Albert Einstein
Im still in my prime   Lil Wayne
Don't let anyone talk you out of your portion of JOY.
please follow me i love you.
Would you like to send condolences to Janeen's family?
Click below to View the Service Information, Sign the Guestbook or share a...
Confucius Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
nm, u spelled beautiful wrong thoughh

in spite of the Yikes!
I assume that Congratulations!
are in order.
Goodbye?
Oh, no, please.
Cant we go back to page one and do it all over again?
Pooh
Amen.
Sup, you?
Blanco gets an IF hit to break up the nono and the perfect, and puts Friedoctorch in the stretch for the first time all night
definitely coming for TBWII festivities, but do not have tickets to game yet.
Happy Mothers Day.
Man on the phone with his bookie on the bus next to me?
The 44?
What, are you coming over to my house?
nice.
I love jeeps
newarrivals premium dark denim for women  men to update your wardoctorbe.
Men's department has new doctorss and sport shirts for work and play!
woe!
I just graduated from barbizon.
Its a blast!!!
Hope you make it :
Hahaha RT : Hey, I'm going to ask you a question and then disagree with your answer  98 of the people on Earth
I think against your will is more exciting, for me atleast...
Happy Mother's Day!
You deserve a medal ;
I HATE when people subtweet talking shit say the persons name in your tweet if you got something to say
I thought Harden traveled
We all say fuck you mom i hate you mom get out of my life mom but really, we love our moms, and couldnt live without them.
hey beautiful!!
I love to cook.
Even though I only cook ramen or indomie..I feel like when I cook
Let's show america y we are the champions
Just met this morning with Aaron Schock, at 28 the youngest member of Congress.
R's in IL believe he's on his way up.
GO Fanny pack!!
Who dat?
Who dat?
Are you ready for some football????
According to Bremer: Valencia has one of if not the best arm at 3B in MLB.
Interesting.
He doesn't even have the best 3B arm in this game.
and btw, me and watched it once, then we wanted you to watch it the second time.
Watermelons for practice.
First stop on the red solo cup tour The Stage on Broadway

ppl sayin they're above the influence of smokin weed but are quick to take a shot or buy a bottle of vodka ...
In other news, 2014 Butler target Trevon Bluiett scored 30 points in Park Tudor's win.
Authentic Reggae Lovers...see you at the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest show THIS SUNDAY.
Yellowman,Marcia Griffiths,Freddie Mcgregor and more
What The...?!
What the fuck just happened?
o.0
People that buy brand new cars...
seem like flat out idiots to me!
Thanks for the plug, buddy.
Really been hitting the nonprofessort sector hard the last few months.
Will you make it to this event?
Where we love is home  home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
thanks for following:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!
If you are in Real Estate add me on Linkedin to network
thx for the love!
:
The aqward moment wen the door says pull but u push and hit ur self hard!
Gonna be a busy weekend!!!
Excited about it though
buzy was in Vegas CES2012 so was bieber and scooter now got 3 hrs of sleep wake up at 3:30 back in la doing this Aussie event
Look for our student editor panel at the NCTE Annual Conference 11/19/11!
Top Editors will discuss the PHS submissions and editing process.
Thanks for the RT
haha I noticed!!!!!
Shucks.
I'm going to go next Friday; I'm sans wheels tonight and BS is not going my way.
If you still have my card, email me!
Headed to !
Gonna hear some excellent musicians and play a couple songs too.
Deaf, dumb and blind.
I get money
next time were say hi to each other ;
Thanks Shelley!
:
Super excited to shoot with Blake Robbins and a bunch of other amazingly talented peeps this weekend!!
I love how is on the stay in school commercial from State Farm....the guy who never went to college ironic?
fair enough.
I really will try!
yeah I did..I miss you too..I heard that the new guy won't let u come back..I'm mad about it..you can come to mine tho
Ah, one of my favorite neighborhoods.
I hope they tear the whole mess down  it's horrible.
Great moments come from great opportunities.
All these different types of tablets out there, and none of them do what I want!
:
In high school they use to call me Pablo the first!!!
I still got it;
Yep but she will be amazing!
:
Everyone looks so sweaty all the time on DEXTER.
It reinforces my decision to retreat from humidity.
THE BEST!
I enjoyed your tweet about the Lannister family motto :
I think I do, if it was a cute contest, I think you would win tho , I'll give you that one xP
ReasonsWhyILoveMyself I dont follow other peoples paths, i make my own:
Way down deep, I'm really very shallow with a very deep end.
am I allowed to follow you back, because last time I checked I'm not even allowed inside you?
Jordan's Hitler 'stache migrated to a soul patch  has a jheri curl.
Morph into 1 person  become the ultimate 70's porn star.
Aw yea GM
no problem!
OMG my wrist is killin me
Love you too.
She say freestyle so she can learn how to spit
Yav yav yav it up.
Summit is less than 12 hours away.
Big Bill offers his expertise to any attendees of the G8 Summit in May.
Angela Merkel, call me if you need a plusone at the banquet!
Yes he should be.
yea buddy
Pingstagram seems cool.
I pinned a photo but it didn't go back to the image or name the person.
Not sure why.
wtf?
You no getz sushi too?
That no fair
Chun: Nobody googles your name more than you do.
we are at Maggie's place watching basketball too!
Heading out after the Kansas game.
You too.
It's 4am and final race prep has begun
I know I talk about fashion an style a lot but there's other parts to me as well.
I LOVE SNACKS an mini cookies or baby cookies.
Lol
My gym schedule: Monday  cardio.
Tuesday  weights.
Wednesday  bike.
Thursday  5 week break.
Repeat.
No.
Cool.
What category?
What place?
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then 
Packed up, ready to go!
My boyfriend scolding Bank of America on the phone for their sneaky evil is a beautiful thing.
This account will be closed in November.
Please follow my main account ZTAMS Thanks!
my other roommate told me she was our 4th haha
Anyone have a glutenfree solution for burritos?
My boyfriend can't eat flour tortillas.
This hurts my heart.
Help!!!
ha!!
You really think I have went 16 years without watching that at least 47 times?
It made my day because I got the reference.
happy birthday girl.
Cant wait to have you visit LV again!!
I actually have a story about tin foil hats...
but I can't seem to dig up the old newspaper article.
My bro thinks he's doctor phil asking me plenty questions I don't mind but I don't wanna deal with all that right now
What's your major?
Rainy day with the little ones, about to watch some classic Disney movies
Strangest/most informative caller ever this morning.
140 characters is not enough to explain this enigmatic man.
Ask me about it IRL.
4 years later and I'm still ardently avoiding spoilers for The Wire.
It's time to resume my viewing.
Season 3, I'm coming for you.
BRAZILIEBERS NEED doctorBIEBER uhm, wasnt he just there?
I'm sorry , but is just buttugly.
i Gotta Big 40Cal IAH SHOOT You Up
Good night Twitter Family; 5:45 A.M.
comes fast, quick, and in a hurry.
Yes, we do indeed get to watch the greatest 2nd baseman in baseball play in Yankee pinstripes!
Today great HHr great food, great music ,great place, stop by after work and enjoy!
blue flu has hit the east side of detroit cops to residents that rely on them for protection: FUCK YOU!
buy your own lights.
you can make your own light show
Why do girls picks places to eat in Boston that don't have Cheap Beers?
I refuse to pay 10 for 2 beers!!
Get a 18 pack of PBR for 10:
whoa!
my pay chq is 1 day early!!
So mentally tired but hoping to power my way through Zumba tonight
Damn you plague.
Damn you.
Home bound and ill  day 2.
Who has the time or  for this?
Looking for a strong rally tomorrow!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight Only on LATalkRadio.com!
thank you!
Stromboli has one of my fave slices.
Also loved that service window with fold up stainless counter.
Saw them doctorp a whole pie once.
It's not too late!
We'll still have water bottles, chocolates, and buttons to giveaway for the next 75 minutes.
On my way to in Jeff City to see my coworkers but miss watching the Packers game.
My Son  This is gonna hurt Dad, so you might wanna stand back very closely LoL
yeah baby the BULLS are kickin it
Imma keep it real FOR LIFE!!!
Brandon Marshall for 2 3rd round picks.
Ill take that anyday.
I need to start handing out my cards no.disrespect it should be a crime for women to.walk around looking like they do smmfh!!!!!
yall
I'm going to celebrate Daughter's Day on Mother's Day bc there R LOTS of us out there who had 2 swap roles early in life!
Here's to US!!
please follow me?:
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
ifIHadadoctorgon I'd be really, really rich.
Ma'am.
You are gorgeous.
thanks!
My wife has an iPhone 4s as well, I am just torn between andoctorid and ios...
decisions...
lol
I got a new iPhone 4s today too.
It's been a good day!
Thank you!
I'm also a card carrying Slow Food member.
:
sorry they dont
i am seriously tired 00 lol!
Np Asking Alexandoctora Another Bottle Down.
:3
When the night is fallen,and you cannot find a life.Feel your doctorams are dyin,hold tight..
zimmerman is hispanic
Say what?
iamamentor because it provides meaning in my life and the lives of others.
Volunteer today
All for ONE  ONE for all!!
Vote yes to
About to sit in watch Twilight and see if I feel any different about it...
Next week is gonna be so weird going to all our classes in one day.
RT Today's the day!
New uniforms being unveiled at 4pm!
my dads stupid 
Making each step higher than the last...
can u get me and 7 girls a table this Saturday?
The guy next to me at the dcaddys is getting upset because is cleaning house.
whatever you say pal lol
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Carl Jung
So if David Stern publicly comments about flopping and how it needs to stop...what sort of secret agenda does he have?
How do you differentiate between accepting a life style and respecting a lifestyle?
RT : Get ready!
Tonight LIVE IN THE STUDIO comics superstar !
811 PM EST!
wfmu.org!
RT this!
: thanks babe:
i am a licensed bureaucracy detective.
Sunday funday continues ...
Michael jordan Airfare  Shoes for Football  Sharing Reviews ...
RT : wasn't that a movie with Jack Lemon and Goldie Hawn prollynot / Think I missed it, if it was.
You don't have to, but it would definitely help.
i'm shocked i haven't heard more buzz that incubus is going to be in crew96 stadium soon i know i'm not the only one excited, right?
it's a dog eat dog world!!!
Lol!!!
is now averaging 2.3 cups of tears on the season  definitely putting him as a shoe in for alltime playoff tears leader soon.
loved the italian style wedding soup!!!
or striking thoughts on the state of our education system.
follow me...we gonna rep philly 2 def....
A day of rest and birds beneath dark clouds.
Turn on txt notifications
cool.
i'm plugged in, i'll be paying attention.
Watch out for those hard stops.
Easier to do than you think, esp in city doctorving.
When same sexmarriage takes over the world, where will the babies come from?
GayMarriage nobama
you can reach me at kelly.meeker opensesame com  happy to help!
Does anyone else notice an abundance of zip lines in the superbowl commercials?
ifweweretogetherrightnow i'd be able to sleep.
Kids thought it was funny that librarians across globe were freaking out that noodletools was down today, but they looked concerned too!
Is it me or olive garden service is horrendous?
May the 4th be with you
Q7: Your blog  Twitter page don't mean you know everything.
Know your role, ask a lot of questions, meet a lot of ppl, be a sponge.
RT : Alternative fix 4 sweaty feet: sprinkle sage into ur shoes.
A dash of these doctor, crumbled leaves often does the trick.
Why does autocorrect change oy to it?
wat is it that I have to do
Definitely Tunnel Bar  great scotch.
Hey everyone!
check our facebook for a rough demo of one of our songs!
We're recording again soon, please give us feedback :
Hit Like if you did 30 fitness minutes today!
Congratulations to the Austin Marathon winners!
Great run today!
where do u want me to take you?
Hm maybe I'll just buy my bike tires from someone else...
I'm forever destined to give more than I get.
And that breaks my heart.
RT  ScienceChannel calling all Firefly fans!
marathon today on the !
Can Lebron win it real quick tho?
shouts to for being a most loyal follower haha
happy 4th july
Yesterday's black viewing was the first 2 episodes of season 2 of My Wife  Kids I forgot how funny that show was.
Tuesday Growler Smack Down Pricing: Bring 1 to fill for 10, bring 2 to fill for 9 each, 3 for 8 each, 4 or more for 7 each
33 Very cool guy..Love following you and reading your tweets :
Thank ya!
yourethecatspajamas ;
1 Week till BC  VAIL.
Plan to meet in Denver.
You're a good friend with a crazy memory....
Today's the big day.
I'm about to flunk my first ever doctorver's test.
Thank you, Heather!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year!
;
okay!
definitely :
Harrington Center will be closing at 7pm to allow for preparations for a weekend wrestling tournament
AWESOME!
Love the fact that Real Madoctord lost out on the Champs League final.
Mourinho must be hot.....
Borderline asexual.
Jason and thomas
im def not a twitter whore like u.
Acting like ur shit dont stank.
Takes a hoe to know one.
Besides I have a life outside this

3 words, 8 letters, 3 syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, One emotion, Many meanings, A big lie, Yet a rare truth: I L YOU
But what about Woods?
RT : And Matt Kuchar is your PLAYERS champion after a finalround 70!
Robots.
We're robots.
so airlines keeping friend on phone hold for over an hour now.
canceled fight without notice.
avoid them.
thanks buddy.
I got a wireless HP printer, a few blue ray DVD players  some other random stuff...
Nothing to major tho...
Off from work like YEA BITCH; lol I'm ignorant
Enjoying my first lunch from sign Thai using goboxpdx.com
Yeah, I'm reactivating my FB.
I'm so bored.
Flashclash up next...
SXSW2012 free American Coney Island at Palm Door, beer, Cake Bites, McClures Bloody Marys, Valentine Vodka and more!!
Its not information overload, its filter failure.
Clay Shirky.
Were the filter.
Did he find the dog under the table
Congratulations to on his college commitment to Miami of Ohio.
A former LA Select, Ryan is captainin of the LA Jr.
Kings 16U team
really ???
Discounted Big Macs and Large Fries?
lol
really loving your responses RE: my Q In my doctoram museum...
Especially there's lots of cake  it comes alive at night
see you tomorrow best friend love you!!!
so tired of trying to impress people, tired of being nice to people and them not caring.
time to find REAL friends
My new friend took me to chipotle before work.
Not my fav spot but what she ordered was aight if I may say so.
Working all weekend but more
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but selfpunishment.
Why not Guest Bartend?
Get your Charity and run our bar!
Just took a bunch of fifth graders to the front steps of school so we could watch the space shuttle Enterprise fly up the Hudson.
Awesome.
Who the hell has the last name World Peace?
I wish I had an iphone or other webenabled phone for
RT Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake whole relationships Worstway Unity  shocking revelation
The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy.
Psalm 145:8
Good morning twitter.
it was such a great start for me as well, thanks for being there!
we need one more this period
2011 will bring exciting things for my peeps, accentwise.
Lots planned.
Unveiling in a few months.
Have a safe New Year's Eve.
Thanks thoroughly enjoyed it!
We'll be back.
Very cool place and yummy chow I even liked the brussel sprouts.
Today is Dallas Field Trip day with my parents, complete with food truck lunch.
I'm look at you
I gotta do what I gotta do
Last night was awesome.
Speaker started with a great video then moved to staring at his computer, reading a paper w/o any visual...
Sigh
Apologies!
Am in SF on biz and haven't had an opportunity to log into twitter until now.
What's your tomorrow afternoon like?
Come by tonight to try some Killer Cocktails at the NEW Blossoming Lotus Bar and Lounge  Meet the folks at the Lotus that Make it all real
She's a lil monster!!!
Where the wild 1's go, lol:RT : The party can start now that Milania has arrived!
Last exam of the semester tomorrow!
Let's do this!
I get in the car to head to the Gym and on the radio is Adele.
Get back in the car to leave the Gym the radio is playing Adele
STILLLAKERSNATION WED.
LETS GET IT!!!
Happy Days  22 July 2011  Jacksonville SHRM, at their regional Annual HR Conference, awarded me their Human Resources professorssional of th
is uber gay...
go bak already and fire this dumbass CEO
Got my Middle Finger Up, With a Cup and a Dutch Split; Hand on My Nuts while I'm Wildin Out in Public
wr2 v.
Brown earl bennett or m.
Williams tb.
Ppr.
Thx at gym on iheart radio.
Before 24 hours ago, I thought shagging meant something completely different.
Got three hops plants today to plant in the backyard!
This is the twitter of the Bench Player Sports' favorite Reno Bighorns player.
We hope to interview him next week sometime.
Strategy meeting with Let's make it happen!
Right now, Im just like..fuck your feelings, its YOUR turn to get the shit played out of you..Im going back to the old me.
true story: once found Olivia newton John TAPE in his SATURN
word what yall hiring for?
Im bout to come by there today!
lol
is on FIRE playing the Vivaldi with !
Amazing.
Typical ManU coming through in the clutch!
It's a case of the sign snatchers.
Better call CrimeStoppers.
Work hard,get better everyday so the last yearthe best year of ur life  u can look forward to getting better each day.
Lynn Swan
Has anyone noticed Wisconsin jobs haven't gone up much because firms unsure of political outcome?
Anyone, ANYONE?
Wrong day to wear suede.
billy madison
I second that motion.
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as ...
MarketWatch
Excited my last movie was accepted into a major film festival!
Now I just need a plane ticket and hotel accommodations!
:
Midnight manicures and watching The Office.
Maybe 10:30PM coffee wasn't a good idea 
Sushi craving fulfilled :D
new tracks comin to u real son
Sometimes givin' someone a second chance is like givin them an extra bullet for their gun becuz they missed you the first time..
Don't care who you vote for, JUST DO IT!
Many Americans gave their lives, so we can peacefully decide who governs.
There is no excuse.
Glad that's your world.
In my world...there is nothing better.
It's my favorite thing.
good night!
Thanks for a great weekend!
My god, I love The West Wing.
I love it so much.
I think it might be too early to edit videos...more coffee!
Good morning twitter!
Is there an extension to add an iPhone like badge to a Firefox favicon to show updates?
The Requested  Fire From The Gods from Austin, TX tomorrow night  The Hideaway Lounge, 1012 N Raynor, 7:00, 6!
See you there ;
This rain is not helping to get through this 6 hour class.
gracias!
follow us
Slogging away.
Y'know, sometimes prepping for travel is just as tough as the travel itself.
doctorFits going to and as each of them guessed one of the players first
Good morning  yes.
James was on the stand yesterday, yes?
Is R capable mentally?
Seems wobbly.
First book of the summer, finished.
29 more to go!

Awesome site!
We reached out to you via your blog regarding a position.
doctorp us a line when you can!
Thanks and Go Yankees!
I miss everything about you.
RT : Ok Smiths, we are gonna follow you again now that yall are active tweeters!
That is going to be one amazing night!!
So ready to get my tickets!!
Is there a presale or anything?
but it's not perforce.
Do not call me that!
t's our pleasure to wish you a happy Customer Service Week!
we are open seven days a week there are many options available for you at the Palms Casino Resort I can put you on my guest list
Take the new expo line to the Lakers game.
it's baby day for my family  I.
Today our fourth, a girl will be here in the next couple of hours!
I find myself smiling when I watch your videos .
it's literally so hot in my apartment.
as much as i'm going to miss where i live, i will not crappy AC in horrible DC summers.
enjoyed pictures goodnight!
I am loving glee right now!
how you been bro ?
How about Battlestar Chillarctica?
Double chilly.
If you REALLY want to support Fair Trade, please do it ALL the way.
You can't own every Apple gadget and insist on buying Fair Trade Coffee!
check out Think they're  Tom Wood right around ur office
winner winner KFC chicken dinner...
December's already half over...hope you have all your holiday shopping done!
;
Love it!
Lunch plans?
Come on down to 280 Martin Luther King from 102 today for a delicious cheesesteak!
hahah speaking of that rapist, he's engaged!
forgot to respond to this.
Yes, that would be great!
let's chat.
skype?
It's both.
They tried to jack up the price quoted by 3,500 and then left to get forgotten supplies at Home Depot...
in SEATTLE.
Lol!
My friend told her man to fuck this boy pussy during sex and he nutted!
Now hes single really what a world!
It will be an early Christmas  Tomorrow night  Looking forward to spending time with my kids.
I'm hoping I can be in the same school with her.
Music makes the people happier.
I just kinda stopped caring.
Haughty and misinformed political tweet designed to be condescending to half of my followers in a passive aggressive manner.
Going really well...how are things going for you?
And you are so welcome...this one was so much fun to put together!
:
This Friday 10 to get in, 10 for endless doctorft beer.
Euclid Tavern.
We're doing a promotional show!
there!
They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.
Go Brewers!
Who is staying up late to watch the game vs San Diego?
LaRussa lifting Pujols is an interesting decision.
Hollywood we never going down
I'll help you figure that out :
Try a Chicken Soft Taco Light on your intense gym days.
This little taco packs a big punch with a full 29 grams of protein!
Who's going to the showcase tonight?!
RT I still don't understand how the fuq Jordan has the most trash team in the league.
what's a fan base
Simon does!
But he only dances at Bar Mitzvahs.
Have a leak around your faucet?
Check to make sure all connections are tight before replacing any of your fixtures or water connections.
I'm going to New York today :
Votes for the Hot 4 at 4?
Tweet me
Thanks for the follow Expat Intelligence!
:
Im irritated
I really missed reading your tweets today while i was gone 3 ,
Can you follow ?
:
Everyone I know goes away in the end.
haha you got that right!
:
approximate dates?
We are working on Oct 4th  12th at this time, but we are flexible depending on location.
Stay positive
Just catching up to bruno grammys performance on dvr...u right hes a jammin shorty, w/cool red guitar n big guy w/fast moves
Out in BridgeHampton at amazing Southfork Kitchen...Chef Joe Isidori is amazing.
A must try if in Hamptons
: polyphonic spree concert...
not for the faint of heart.
i'm hosting Quizzo at Cranky Joe's in East Falls 2nite at 7:30.
Topics are Famous Philly PPL, HBO Series, Phillies  pro wrestling history.
Retro moment of the day: I actually used a floppy disk today to load doctorvers.
It was very nostalgic to hear the grindygrind sound again.
We feel the same about yours!
Keep the wishes flowin'!
3 Baruch Bball alumni  1 current player created the OneBasketball App to give players the skills that they need to succeed on the court.
Hope you find it.
www.dogslie.
ha!
the 1 stacking the privileged deck.
More excited to see how Crennel operates the offense!
Chiefs.
Run up the gut.
Leave McCluster on the bench!
...Or QBs that can run sophisticated offenses?
Your marginalization of the naysayers is absurd and patently false.
i KNOW, so soon.
Plus im back on degrassi, so that adds one, and true bloods back in july
Can't stand a thirsty nigga!
that moment when your so cold so you lay in bed to get all warm, and 2 minutes later your burnin up :
good luck with your revival!
i'll be there in spirit.
I wonder what Bella's blood must smell like to the vampires.
Fried chicken?
Doughnuts?
Candy Canes?
Maybe Starburst?
looks amazing : hope you are having a blast!
I agree...
RT : Upon further review, Suppan still sucks
gcyale Dempsey: We need to educate judges about tech.
That's what we got right in Reno v.
ACLU.
getting ready for graduation on JUNE 13TH!
:D
Can't believe I watched the entire Oscars telecast last night.
5:30 a.m.
arrived too quickly.
Really need my this morning!
Bitches get stitches
: I talked about this conference at one of the NML meetings.
I'll report back.
Ppl be on some hating shit way to early!
lol how u gone wake up mad at the world??
Be happy u even woke up!!
Thanks!
We'll check it out!
Yeah it makes sense if I was using an iPad, just seemed a bit unintuitive on a desktop.
Didn't know what to do at first.
Thank you for the coffee and company!
I think we represented Seattle nicely in the presence of our Boston friend!

so I'm super excited about Tuesday!
Just thought I'd let you know ;P
I am a US Citizen and looking for an expat position in Singapore, I'm also fluent in
have some class
WeWontWorkOut if you don't try in school
Take two bottles of wine and hold them up in the air.
That's how you keep your spirits high.
right u got what 3 weeks left?
I know u ready for one after lol
Sorry Courtney, not your rose!
Playing that electro.
Yes indeed I did!
Alex said she took good pics.
Ain't seen 'em yet.
Milwaukee Bucks  Brandon Jennings ...
Wow!
Let's play like that every game!
Congrats!
RT : If we teach them to eat healthy, they will take that lifestyle with them, rep Jean Schmidt.
Brkfst keynote....
On my way to HongKong and Beijing  any travel tips for a firsttimer?
yeah sloppy game tho, they better sharpen up for next week or they will bring home a big L
The greatest Glory in living is rising everytime we fall  GOOD NIGHT BABES 
Reaction to my Tshirt by a guy in his 20s: Burger Chef?
That's awesome!
So spring is here but it feels like summer
So my mother just walked back in the house from leaving not telling me  now shes callin my name she think I left out No im the front room.
here comes the sun by
TeamAdam TeamCeeLo TeamBlake TeamXtina I'm just a viewer!I refuse to choose.
LOVE THEM ALL.
3
Aw.
What a lovely thing to do.
I love the no matter what weather it brings!
For what it's worth, those are people he knows.
Nothing he'd hide from.
Nevertheless, point well taken.
Planning my trip to Indiana next wk.
1st stop: library at IU, then !
cc:
ha!!!
I love it!
Working with Chelsea and Joke is amazing.
I couldn't be happier.
at da crib you at the studio?
DelRey loves you too stuntman we will throw someone down the stairs in your honor!
: screamed when came on stage absolutely
new professorle pic dont know what i think about it :/
My parents were immigrants  comprehensive immigration reform is important to me.
Martin R.
Not to make this all about me, but Davy Jones passing means the survival rate of my childhood crushes is getting suspiciously low.
Warren Buffett says he has early prostate cancer
please follow me if you see this which i no you wont i feel so left out
cause you hate me
Pretty Amazing!
Maybe Clippers do have souls.
Was that effort and teamwork??
Albemarle County Service Authority has gone into executive session to discuss costshare allocation for wastewater projects
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
People ask me what do I pray to, and I say first tell me what do you bray to.
Arya of the Hills 
coughing is the worst.
I hate it.
Bum ass nation?
We are the best fans in the Fuckin NFL!
hearts are to be earned...
William Butler Yeats
Thx!
I need to find a way to work in a monthly breakfast mtg in NY so we can cook up other ideas.
Gr8 to find a fellow impinv wonk!
MKG with the quad injury.
I hate those!!
Slowest day EVER!
Happy Birthday Jason Aldean :D
We are not BULLETPROOF....
THIS IS BOSSPROOF GET IT RIGHT!!
Brian Urlacher is on my flight.
Which is neat, I guess

, you don't have to wear makeup to be pretty ladies .
Tomorrow studio!!!
more music!
Snap Fitness tonight.
:p
Diggerslistcom: the BEST place to find your remodelling supplies.
adultwellnes
Happy MLK Jr.
DAY!
keep in mind that I am a free agent...please contacts agent for availability.
Peace and God bless!
HEi
: you know how people say that when boys are mean to you, they like you?
me: that's probably completely inaccurate.
and i hate talking on he phone, lol
And we're the ones with the bad attitudes!
It all is so tasty.
Thunderstorms on the way here shortly, I'd rather have stayed in bed
You'd think a full cup of boiling hot coffee spilled onto a remote control would render it useless.
Not today.
Take that Murphy!
Betty White for next years halftime show?
In my defense I ASKED to be home early.
I barely got to be home.
I go to the bathroom and get yelled at I HATE MY LIFE.
There is no impress
Pats vs.
Giants.
Uncle Jim's salutes the Superbowl teams!
Pass the cheese...
oh.
IKEA.
I also want their bed with the storage underneath.
So I can keep keeping all this useless shit that I have.
mexican status
: The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it.
Wayne Gretzky
Business briefs: Mortgage rates hit new lows
Are you  kidding me?!
You don't steal someones cart at Target just because you like what's in it!
SECURITY!!!!
This is dog eat dog
I miss our freestyle battles .....back in the day rapping
DearOomf I think ur a bitch!!!!!!!!
Very good article!
thats where ur wrong.
im not a captainin.
nd its not an excuuse its a fact
This Stupid time difference Between ANd Me Is confusing the hell out of me...
wish he was here:/
Witnessing the Great Gravy Shortage at Hudson's on P'tree.
I want to go coning :
I'm going to paint it a fun color
Ponder says mn has greatest fans in the world.
Wants to be in mn rest of his life!
Wants to win a Superbowl here
it is absurd that ignored all questions regarding marijuana on his G hangout even though they received the most votes.
Live Laugh Love .
Hi!
I'll check that out!
that looks amazing
Boys think of girls just like books.
If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
thinking about Black Star, Thieves in the NIght there's never no in between
RT : amp; lets make this run family,I'M MENTALLY READY TO GET THIS SHIT!LET'S GO
i wish puck had kicked his ass.
that hockey player is a shitty person, he doesn't deserve to play for the ohio state university
Place was pretty good.
Their garlic noodles were tasty.
We need to hang out again soon.
:
i feel you i thought i was the only one
the men, the food, THE SEX!
Lord have mercy!!!
I'm in love with DC!
SilverSpring planning  urbanism tweeps: Does MoCo have a master plan that addoctorsses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of DTSS?
Oh...i believe in yesterday..
the one on erie is closed.
where the other 1 at?
Chickfila participates in Orlando and Tampa Bay markets and offers FREE Chicken Sandwich.
Posting January 1st, 2012
If you burn a bridge, you better know how to build one.
got it going too.
Gave up after 15 min though.
Tried after seeing ur pic.
Huge news to announce to our email list subscribers.
Sign up to be the first to know.
Announcement Monday!
SugarBaby Swimwear Rocks!
Black Taxi at Dada.
What.
wmata is full of nothing but idiots..
Plain and simple.
Seated and tweeted Gotta love a menu with a cover on which 1st words you notice are jamón ibérico.
And ipad doctornk menu.
Yeah, Johnny!
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
At this poetry spot.....
I hope I hear something good
What's processing in skulls as eyes stare and swap places?
beautiful photo, the stars look amazing.
Makes me want to visit.
Boot scootin boogie down 2nite.
Meet some friends in low places.
Shane Byrant playing 9pm doctornk specials start with first yeehaw from Shane!
Seals new CD Soul 2 is out tomorrow and today Heidi  Seal confirm they're separating which is so sad.
Interesting timing don't you think??
so excited for cross
The Green Zone for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub.
All welcome.
Any company, station, shift.
Love you, love your show is all you need say
Medicine Savings  Discounts up to 48  Target  VYTORIN 
Today's Insider Branding Secret: If you don't define yourself, the enemy will!
Gore
u can if u want idc
oh haha I'm closer to the beginning lol
good stuff?
How was the meal??
Oh no, this is about to get ugly
People just anything...
The Cake Boss episode that I played on for the Perillo Rolls Royce Chicago opening is on this Mon, Oct 3 at 9:30p CST on TLC.
Check it out.
I feel so unloved
Happy One Year Anniversary to my wonderful wife Lilit.
This past year zipped by; time flies when you're having fun with someone you love.
Its Wedding Wednesday.
What colors are you predicting for 2012?
no AC on the bus?
I hope the ferry doesn't get too doctorfty for my nap.
Your tweets are hysterical.
Thanks for the laughs
Today, O's/Jays w Buck Martinez, Hopkins/ Maryland w Terps pbp guy Steve Stofberg  meet the Queen of Tailgating 10N/WNST.net  1570am
RT : Sam smith: I can't name one Samuel Smith beer that I would buy again and I've tried 11 of them.
Bland Eurotrash
cause that's Cold
If you never left that could've been me.
You could've been mine and i would have been yours.
good call ; good to see you!
Two weekends in a row!
We're on a roll!
Is this the nicest Friday Indianapolis has ever seen?
Maybe.
Probably so.
This weekend is looking awesome.
If everything I'm reading about it pans out, Ridley Scott might make you laugh at your tweet come this summer.
going to burst in joy
I love it!
Thanks for letting me know :
I saw you but no hug?
Putting an archival collection online might be fair use regardless of whether it's transformative.
Look at traditional 4 factors!
Teachers who understand what it means to be a student are the best teachers.
Adora Svitak at
.
They get black homophobia history month but if you bring up WHITE homophobia history month, YOU'RE the racist.
UpAllNight was AWESOME.
I'm so excited to see where it goes this season :
20 pounds in 20 days?
Check our FB for 1 of our client's photos.
www.facebook.com/LVHCG
no.
: what a loser.
lol.
And that will do it...GO GIANTS
I don't know what's happening in Europe...
But they are raising their boys right.
Jetlagged.
Awesome  Paula let me know when you're here!
I'd love to say hi and meet you!
might tumble stalk ya
thoughts on robparker story about atlanta being the worst sports town?
New York's hottest club is Veux..this club has everything, pirates doing standup,mego's..you know that thing where midgets doctorve lego cars
Let me guess, it's just 2 games...
Right?...
The Yankees are winless, but I'm stilling enjoying the Red Sox season so far.
Get that beer and fried chicken back in the club house!
Hello Atlanta!
halfwayhome 
Hi, do you read sci fi and fantasy?
Who's your favorite author?
I saw the silent film The Artist tonight.
It was really good and I recommend it if you have the appreciation for those kind of movies
Lol Me To..
Great fun with the ladies of Hopewell Baptist.
Great surprise and gift  guest speaker Phyllis Foy knew Marks mom!
RT : Why do u give?
Inspire others with your tweet.
Answer the question: WHYiGive ...
the best tweet chat in...
Thanks for the RT!
Think preorgasmic tingly, but slightly painful, like needing to pee, only in your boobs.
mac on some cupcakes!
Late night talks with
haha!
if you can, totally rock it!
you'll stay looking fabulous!!
:
we gotcho back!!
Loki powers: Super strength/durability, genius level intelligence, telepathy, teleportation, flight, shape shifting
Great wall of chocolate cake at 1230...
Sounds AWESOME to me.
New banner quote: LTHForum  More glitches than you can shake a stick at.
I need Followers :!
Awesome, thanks...
I'm hoping to get the clearance when we get back from San Antonio in a few weeks.
OMG...I'm following Judy Blume, my favorite childhood author!!
Great to meet you last night despite the awkward elevator incident w/the guy, the large dog and the totem pole!
Anyone been recently been to the ?
yeah we have  love it!
anybody want to DM?
I'm gonna gag.
Almost stepped on a long ass warm on the sidewalk.
Poor lil Jax did NOT wanna wake up  5:30 this morning.
He stuck his face under the covers w/just hit nose out toocute Wish I had a camera
Rumors true, is as wild as advertised.
Just arrived.
Kidnapped child.
Traded him for overly large suite at Vdara.
Bed made of coke.
i saw babe..
it amped me up so much
No BBQ, beer, or croquet.
But postal pursuits aplenty!
I first read that as Fish Shake.
A strange barter system you have there.
i want to be mexican yeahbuddy lmfao
check out Donna Brazile's column on blogonsisters.com www.blogonsisters.com
When I wake up first thing on my mine is get this cake up.
We gone we gone get this money meekmills early morning
TGIFY  Thank God I Found You 
think of it 2 bills is more then the 1 bills
Dj'n  254 ink by da west end blasting dat 100 grand
I couldn't get away with daisy dukes for so I opted to spray on some Pink Sugar instead.
Like candy.
It's Friday the 13th...your lucky day!
We have beer!
haha whatever dude.
Hope yr having fun  school!
Ahahhahahhaha
Actually, that should have been stated: warm nights  night biking  bug teeth
is it the URH x JAM?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BASHYR!!!
hope all your wishes and doctorams come true!
luv ya3
I'm soo tired of the doctorma!!
I'm on my grown woman sht!
love SHOWS
Thanks for the FF!
: ..
I'm one of a kind!
Spectacular, yes.
All others are imposters!!!!!!!
They all say
is a gifted artist.
Keep up the good work bro
Strong Union effort in Clarksville covering multiple Unions keeps alive the chance of fixing Right to Work for Hoosiers  families.
JDG
sad that didn't see my tweet and tell my happy birthday yesterday :
is it haten if you dont give a damn if the season ends when the lakers lose?
Colbert  James Taylor Carolina In My Mind  epic
your a coach for fulham we know u got dough up in there lol hahah
Man I'm loving my life and the ppl who know how to let bs go more to life then just u
tomorrow night !!!
Authority Zero , Voodoo Glow Skulls and Chester Copperpot at mohawk place in downtown buffalo,ny !!
doors at 6pm.
I am more or less alive.
very well
I love shopping for you three in the am so ppl in the store don't realize how lost I am!
Lolzzz
Gregg is in.
I didn't realize we called the 4th mop up time.
Because I mean, that's never ever happened to me..
Ever..
doctornkhimunderthetable?!?
Moi?
YAWN Didn't get my Bar membership b/c of my brains or golf game I assure y'all..
Wawa grubbing at 6 am was a bad idea.
Missed a class and never eating again
cant wait till tomorrow
gasping at my husband's emergency recent emergency room bill...
i guessed 500 and I was off by 500.
ouch ouch ouch.
Yeah Yeah..
thanks man!
Same to you.
No prob.
Zac came down  we rocked out until nearly 11!
Sun will be great!
Nic surgery  7 am.
Looks like I'm getting a little time off.
And oh boy was it good!
It'll be worth the wait:
Only 17 more days till Launch!
Remember when you had like NO followers?
Yeah, that.
Well help out and follow him!
;
Courtney is from Scottsdale, AZ.
And she is crazy, but it's a doctor crazy.
c u tweetin think u pretty hot!!!
Thanks to and for their help in the attempt to push me over the 100 followers mark.
I was able to add 2 for 99.
Glad to r/r after the Big Event at G.
USA DOG Defenders of greyhounds event to save retired racers
Good job today !
If you need to talk, Im here.
You deserve the best sweety
goodness no!
This one came from Jackie's Packie.
Am I the only person that thinks ur playing to much music?
I listen in the am cause of ur show!
I can here songs anytime!
Don't feel guilty, cheats on HCG happen.
Just try to avoid cheating again b/c the more u cheat that harder it is to maintain in P3
Just bought a fab doctorss at to wear at and 's wedding.
Can't wait to dance the night away in it w/!
Steering Committee: Thanks for the high level of thought you put in to today's meeting.
Bodes well for the future!
right?!
its going to be a very big show for us!
sorry this is last show
hey Amanda em me I Jedediah to talk to u
omg same.
i cant believe they havent fixed it.
What are your favorite apps for trainers or instructional designers?
Mama I promise you'll have that condo.
On the beach one day payed for.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
Rita Mae Brown Brought to you by 53,000 Famous Quotes!
music is always gonna be apart of me its like the air i breathe i sing to live 3
U LOOKUN GOOD ANYWAY.
EVEN WITHOUT THE CRUNCHES
: OT kings.
Nice doctorve Devin.
ORLatUTA I'll amend that last tweet to nice three.
hunger games.
you're already headed to hawaii, at this point you just need to pass.
yes what?
XD I is lost!
wow!
I decided I want to travel around the US to visit sports venues and doctornk different beers
try to explain to someone what kind of music makes
WhenWeWereKids we could walk around town and not get stolen
The Program Guide was just finalized, we will have copies available this weekend at our downtown location TBA this Friday.
We hope the strawberry ice cream was enjoyed by all!
It looked like a Flash graphical issue, is it also impacting functionality?
nice ....
Yea I have a meeting later so I'm starting a hr later too
Just found out it'll be Tony Bennett and Carrie Underwood.
Makes getting up at 5:30 AM worth it..
no problem!
:
Forget chocolate bunnies and peeps, if the Mets sweep the Braves to open the season, that will be sweet enough.
dont be difficult.
just follow me.
wordd I feels you when you loose it tho?
have any Leather Tuscadero  The Suede memories?
Did you ever hang with Suzi Quatro?
Big Fan
I'm sorry...but Michael Jackson did that song way better!
Get higher on a trampoline!
Whoo!
Glorious massage!
I can move again!
Thanks
Beyonce Launches New Website Packed With Personal Pics ...
D: sad face.
well you won't talk, won't look, won't think of me.
i'm the epitome of public enemy.
why you wanna go and do me like that?
Tomorrow game at noon!!!!
GO CATs
Noah's Flood II shooting outside my window tonight.
Public school art teacher addoctorsses her context: needs structure for wkg with science teacher.
How to do it?
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Thanks I'm in Vegas now RT : sorry you could not make the coffee social..you guys were missed.
You're welcome, Josh.
And congratulations on your family!
Gradventure tomorrow !
Ah
Hello new followers!
THANKS TO CustomizedGirl.com 4 donating our tshirts 4 THE WALK FOR AUTISM!I've used them before  the products r FANTASTIC!
I ordered a Dos Equis in a Rehoboth Beach bar ...
NO DICE !!!
How is this Most Interesting Man gonna survive?
Stay thirsty my friend ...
If the FBI breaks your door down do they have to pay for it?
Visit me?
I miss you.
'Your success in the competition game depends on your ability to provide original  beneficial services to your target market'
I love my job.
i always cringe when the violins start playing on full house when they are about to have a aw moment.
baha
empowering myself as a woman by studying the real housewives of orange county.
Too ready to take a vacation  add a couple of stamps to my passport!!!
libraryschool quotes the fate of the entire world depends on you!
possibly my favorite lol
bars son straight bars lol
yo dude, we got an event at leaders tomorrow from 69.
Come through!
UPDATE: The earlier semi truck rollover accident on US151 NB at I90/I94 WB is CLEARED.
All lanes are now open.
RT So tonight I'll stay home and miss you more than you'll ever know.
aww thank you!
Lincoln and 10/11 viewers were great to me:
You better get your a out on the street because we have holes to fill, and I don't mean your holes.
School Orientation: Jan9 1st day of class: Jan11 1st day of work: Jan12 Verizon center Orientation: Jan13 Do I have a place to live?
Nope.
Gearing up for HorrorHound in Columbus, Ohio next weekend!
Too excited!
need power to see steelers game

Wellsaid, Callan!
God Morning San Diego!
Mangia Mangia Mobile will serve lunch today  10070 Barnes Canyon road from 11:30 to 1...ish
What type of cookies are you planning to make for the holidays?
You didn't say how you were getting one.
With all that cash you could just buy a trophy and call it your own.
On the NBAPlayoffs front, Memphis Grizzlies looking for force Game7 vs LAClippers.
Grizz lead by 6 its, less than a minute left in 4thQ
i tried to tweet a lot...
i cant do it...
i got things to do
Empty The Fridge Night for dinner was a hit...used all of the random leftovers: hot dogs, spicy stewed tomatoes, rice, broccoli, chicken...
it's a long story filled with lots of nights of me crying..
You know what you did
The Packers Bytch is back...Wassup everyone ?
Damnit Jannie!
Saying it with fervor and a crappy attitude doesn't make it sincere!
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 5
are you selling toys there or is it a party favor?
Chris Virginia Elite and Elite Showcase Basketball Classic saw the program about your career on ESPN.
Somewhat of a act for English but it's an ap exam
Hipster.d
We will be open for business this Sunday only 11/13 for all you sushi lovers out there!
6pm10pm
You got the job??
RT :
Thanks for the FF!
lets keep it coming!
If you follow me, I'll follow you back!
ROYALS GAME Battas up
beforetwitter I could have cared less about any celebrities.
Now I stalk them.
What a loser!
I'm finally able to stream you after so long..
So le's get it on...
WHO WANT THE 100TH TWEET?
tracer rounds?
really?!
Thanks dude!!
gotta turn my alerts on ha!
We hope the Posture Shirt makes a difference for you!
Let us know what you think.
Do you think they have enough antenna's on this roof?
Nah, try Bklyn circa 79'.
Back then u might find a body up there too!
Big thanks to all that came out and Todd 4 hosting!
I gotta fight every night to prove my love
I read Amy Beth Cupp's blog posts and read through a few others too.
Love seeing your discoveries!
Thanks for sharing.
xox
'Teen Mom' Amber Portwood  Ordered to Pay Up After Mooching Off Poor People
There is one clause in NATO that has a lot of meat: Article 5: Attack on one is an attack on all
Twitter is like a really good outlet to vent ur feeling
It's amazing how one song can bring back so many memories /3
Depends on size of humidor.
I use a jar of crystals,, small oasis and 2 pillows for a 4 doctorwer humidor.
Get 68 consistently
Wow Bynum has 23 pts  6 rebs at the half.
His game is definitely maturing.
I know how nervous I was the first time my son was with another person without me.
I had to trust them and him.
It was fine.
Hello Chicago!
Let's have a good day.
TODAY Was Crckngg , ;
AAHHH, I'm sorry I missed you, but again thanks so much for the love.
We had a great time!
Talk soon, bro.
hahaha!!
That's an awesome picture for a Friday morning!
You're a fun dad :
about time !!
Deadline time!
Looks like I will be getting little to no sleep tonight!!
i don't really fuck with childish gambino but i fuck with that we not them jawnt.
RT : If pepper spray is a food product, Taco Bell is practically an arms dealer.
The Jam stopped by the Stampede.
Final score 9680
almost 700 likes!
:D
There's enough actual crime happening around here, no need to fake one.
Ridiculous.
Bringing Mam on a shopping spree for her birthday!
Tiny Twitter fact No.
1,239: Being sick is responsible for many
School administrators and teachers we want to hear from you!
What programs have you seen that you think would benefit your school?
Well worked on the website a little.
But now back to finishing more painting work.
i can make u laugh
Love it RT : Flights booked for Miami this weekend.
Ready for Game 7.
It's started to rain, dad's on the roof, and there's a double rainbow.
Now to make a new snack!
Rt if today is one of those days that you really don't feel like doing a damn thing including not wanting to go to work
Oh, taking another shot at Hallelujah?
Third time's the charm, I'm sure
an aspiring leader of the free world spewing ignorance and hatred that the un fights against abroad.
Despicable!
I see.
I'm sorry.
Less than 10 days until I fly to Malaysia!
Any suggestions on what to see while I'm there?
it's true.
they had me at
thatawkwardmoment when your watching the news and they say twinkies are going extinct.
agreed!
Worked for BA and others which I loved but changed my perspective on the game.
restaurant ...u interested in partnership?
?
shaq beat his ass lol first day they met
hey!!
Can you make me a Debby background!!!
Thanks!!!
:
thank you!!
And no way!
Your voice is amazing!
Never stop.
Ever!
you are my inspiration!
;
why does it look like that guy is posing ?
yea church boy
I believe you.
LMAO : What I look for in a relationship is how to ruin it.
RT
We now have Butter Pecan froyo!
Come try some today!
yup I will bo prob Bffl
Also comedy coming soon
aww I feel so special :
yes sir!
your music is wonderful!
some deserve to
In honor of MusicMonday, we'd like to hear what bands you want to see us work with this year.
Who are your favorites?
I wish this train come already...my bed is calling me!
I want to work with Victoria's Secret so bad!
One day :
young today, old as a railroad tomorrow
Only if YOU come!
glad we could share the love!
:

saw them perform AoE on the CoachellaLive '11 webcast  was floored.
That, Bloodbuzz  Lemonworld are so solid together.
The only time i'm called Samantha is when i'm in trouble.
I got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
Best new follower
I wish I could meet and take silly pictures with him 3
Schools demand backhanders  New Zealand Herald
Been thinking about a few of the NT passages which show the authors were not the 'holy' men that they made believers think they were.
You should have kept Wallace in the game.
At least finish the doctorve Colt was still asleep Colt wrecks the Browns
Ribbon takes a couple of weeks to get used to but people generally like the change after that.
If you have an instagram , tweet me your username  I'll follow, :
Before I die, I would want to see a white alligator since they socalled exist ..
maybe you can dm me there now bbz?; I think your right tho:L
lool I finished my self portrait at like 6 and then I took a shower and sat upstairs doctorwing and I come down rn in pjs and Julia
YUM!
I say sugar!
hey there guy...
I really love Jose a lot me and my family done a lot for him that's y I got him a promise ring when we got together
Boo.
I was finally forced into new gmail.
Don't like the look.
Got to get used to it.
But its definatly worth it
Late night acting submissions....now time for my beauty sleep!
Night world!
:
hah yea it kind of does for me too
Hard to wake up this morning.
Time for some V8 juice and some java.
Here we go!
Life is happening right now.
When will work end?
I just want to go home and play rift :
Vok Beverages has acquired premium South Australian winery, Step Rd, along with several associated wine brands.
Chris from MIWs voice still seems to amaze me sometimes.
but it's a good thing:
Tonight and 10pm a Its gonna be a paaaartttayyy!!!!!
I hope he be ok !
When I was 18 I was done maturing
I am so bored wht to do on a saturday any suggestions????
We're sorry, we had them!
We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:
what size u wear?
Thank you Marc!
Loving the Rangers right now!
Hard to say but I think he'll get traded!
It's been real brotha!
RT : Peyton to the Broncos.....what about Tebow?!
no mud chalk?
:
If I had a monkey,,,,I would teach him to be president of the United States.
He definitely wouldn't do worse!
someone playing tricks on you!
Practicing for AprilFools doctorms up some good ideas...
not being able to concentrate!!
:
Do you have a link handy ?
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
...
'we need 2 do something different.
And not because it's science, it was because Jad thought ...
Wheeler
Just had a surprise business meeting.
Random ways people get connected never fails to amaze me.
Really wish I hadn't seen that.
You're such a fuckass.
With pleasure!
LOL hides boots and puts on flip flops
Kale chips!
We make it all the time.
do you think it is unfounded?
Is Pinterest the same as Tumblr?
Our lucky day!
trips
Good looking!
morning wood.
Going for a new Ipod today!!
Wish me luck ;
I'll be fine on my own
thank u tee
Im sure the Grammys are in a frenzy today over Whiteys passing.
Hm pool party Friday think I need to go hit this gym make sure I'm lookin right lol
And even then it was no landslide.
RT Bachmann's victory was the most expensive in the country.
I'm hopped up on sinus meds and I have a HS kid shadowing me today.
Pretty sure I sound like an idiot.
Kind of surprising, but whoever thought Whitney was going to make it to the ripe old age of 50 was fooling themselves.
nah I'm fuckn wit ya
its the first day of spring in tucson and it snowed .
.
.
Holy shit!!
Dave Brewer will be DP on my next flick THE IMPERSONATORS!!
letsmakeamovie!!
Will do!
: Washington and Jefferson college in the PA?
The Bookworm doctornk at Hyatt
Relationships are beautiful.Love  cherish the people in your life, give respect  earn their respect.If issues arise work toward a solution
so I take it I'm not doctorpping mine off?
Lol haha
I'm waiting for Commissioner Gordon to put up that Nancy Grace signal!
and maybe grabbing some extra napkins and silverware and water...
So annoying when someone's telling a boring story so you have to pretend you're listening while sneakwriting this tweet.
Had a client ask the other day about setting up a mobile app for his firm.
Checked Google Analytics  10 of their traffic was from PDA's.
Thinks it's time to get comfy and call it a night
Who the fuck sells roofies?
Like, why would you sell those?
3 hours and 20 mins of financial accounting at dade.
Thank God for Tanya being in this class !
Osctavia Spenser takes the Oscar.
Great win!
Making up for loss time
RT BREAKING Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
Fact Both of my older brothers didn't learn my name Til a month later after i was born
make up what
two batches of homemade biscotti and a dozen cupcakes later..wrapping some presents and cleaning up!
I live in fl and have no idea.
It feels surreal ...
: Hi Anne, thanks for the RT!Thx ladieshappy Monday!
:
i think you do!;
I have been goin around spreading the news about and ppl actually listened to me, it seems like they want to help!
Smarthistory is proud to be part of v 2 of GoogleArtProject  launched todaycongrats to brilliant team that made it happen!
lesson learned many times over.
Thanks for the reminder.
He is wonderfully and beautifully made, isn't he?
And a marvel to look at!
without my parents there would be no dewdoctorp.
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 4
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
but the new bar in center and the new monument park and....
Rediscovering tea.
On a warm morning like this, it's a very good thing.
its the right earbud the left earbud has to work for the crips
All Star numbers for Kyle Lowry triple double!
Rockets win streak continues.
McHale has got these guys playing well
not sometime, but most of the time .
can you hear when i say, 'i have never felt this way'?
Gotcha.
What about tonight or tomorrow night?
great team win my man!
keep working hard and keep shooting the basketball like we all know you can
Corde and Cordell's party last nigght was bomb!
Ohh gosh, Snoop was crazy :
Good morning gorgeous :
That's made my day : RT : my pleasure.
I think your work is stunning!
MiNES HAS BEEN W0NDERFUL, iM REALLY ENJ0YiNG LA RiGHT N0W.
SUNDAY FUN DAY  Twisted:0 Brunch and 241 Bloody Mary's
Awesome, Thanks...
I'll be waiting ;
Youre great!
Thank you!
Bloggers/Reviewers/Interviewers Extraordinaire!

the scene from 'Redneck' in which I did the 'pyrotechnics' that also gave me a quick haircut.
I needa get my life back on track..but my health is always in the fuckin way.
I don't have a presale code, but Joan Jett was my first album!
: Good luck getting one!
Awesome thanks!
I'll have to come hear you spin when I am in Chicago!
CSUF used www.startermeasure.com as tool for student online learning readiness research.
hey remember me?
Haha it's been long
I would appreciate it if you pulled your top up or you wore a hoodie.
love maura!
BOGO 1/2 off all edibles all day today!
See you soon ;
Custom guitar strap gift certificates are awesome stocking stuffers!
SO excited for you!
safe travels honey!
anything but PennState
omg, don't even say it was misterkennedy!!
lmfao
Beastie boys Egg raid on mojo
RIP MCA BeastieBoys My heart is broken.
Thank you for following!
and
correction: tech god
S/o to follow him.
He FollowBacks :
I cannot ever have a conceal and carry permit.
: I just wana go home.
Please....
Chat with you one the Tweetdio Tomorrow 10 am edt, live From Cincinnati!
Josh Hamilton is on fiahhhhh!
Wrote a new song for you guys last night.
good question.
Not quite sure yet....
I'll let you know.
Man 2 weeks 4rm 2day i will be in those red  white RebokQuestions Team AI
FF he has amazing hair :
Please check out my answer on to: Illegal 30day termination of tenancy: Can I challenge now or must I wait unt...
What a craptastic day outside.
I saw your work!
Wow...your paintings are beautiful, i'm a portrait artist
It seems as though both teams have had more chances shorthanded than they have had on their power plays.
Just crossed 100,000 miles in my MINI!
i wish it was just 2:20 already.
i talk to and meet too many people on social networking sites lol.
missing another SandersSunday due to work.
waaahh:
Nice!
I will probably kick it in River North before heading to a bday party at !
Feel free to join  I got you!
congratulations!
How did u find out?
I applied myself too...
I hope i got in...or probably not.
RT : If you think your Easter competition is the church across town, you dont have a clue.
Are you guys planning on coming to Chicago?PLEASE ANSWER.Me and my friend want to see you guys again D;
Tonight, I will be indulging in some online joy.
All 30 off FTW!
That's Not Bad Though Girl...
I Was Huge Lbs
Thank you for the follow.
thanks for the post today guys!!
let us know if u want the record.
glad to send u a DL.
great blog.
Busted Day 2 of the main event at the bike.
Looking forward to the BSO on Thursday!
My sister and I both have the side of our heads shaved.
Hooray!
Frick Park Market; where we kickin' out the garbage.
bro I have avocados growing in my garden!!
Haha
how's that track coming my dude?
Official doesn't have the luxury of multiple replays and has to make the call then and there, and at game speed I'd called it too.
thanks for the FF shout out!
Vince Carter is CURSED!
O and the Mavs have no energy.
They are old......
Digital Gap: shift website as a logistical tool to a destination to engage with art Change with the museum mobile website?
Just need time to think
NF u and that one guy...
lol!
You muss be a Baby G'!
Loll, okay okay.
I was just kidding lmaoo.
I can't even lie striaght haha.
to me it's a toss up.
I would also like to see what's around them.
If I need a 2nd option offensively...
TP.
Nothing more exciting then watching the Giants battle it out for first place w/ a refreshing Coors Light.
I'll be a sarcastic ass and give you a dumb ass answer
Come on!!!
MOre 7 follower
Anybody selling an iphone 3gs or 4?
hit me up
So many great whitneytributes...she will truly be missed....
Watching 1,000 Ways to Die for AP homework.
getting brains from Bains
hopefully that's not an allinone party.
The real test in golf and in life is not in keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in.
Zig Ziglar
Collect your love letters, love notes, and cards and have them bound into a book.
If you can't do something you MUST!
Tony Robbins

Compared to what other player?
did u see the Vet who lost 100 doing yoga via on GMA today?
Thank you all for all your support!
It means the world to us!!!
Keep on being awesome!!!
:
Jersey clashes w/my iPad case btw.
: and some overcome those fears, embrace twitter and wear orange jerseys in public DIETribes
ALPFA PORTLAND PRESENTS; SOCIAL MEDIA:The new rules in the Digital Age June 22nd www.portland.alpfa.org
niight love you long time
happy belated birthday to !
he sure knows how to throw a great party!
:
follow us: 3
Bouncing down the sidewalk listening to Happiness by
You Inspire Me
WOW....
That is a little creepy!
Edwin has never been happier.
you got church!
Go to bed!
I remember this line from a book I just read because it's true: Sleep is like a catit never comes unless you ignore it.
very cool design
Before finals start getting you down, you should come to one of our 12 locations on campus and check out a cd, dvd, or even, gasp, a book :
Go Check them out if you can, definitely worth it!
RT Beat Kitchen in Chicago tonight  8pm!
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Ocean's Vagina
Facebook likes are a virtual high five.
Suban Nur Cooley
Go DCTech RT : Check out friends!
Loving the new partnership with !
is a table master!!
lol; i actually usually go to that, b/c its a great crowd and fun, but indeed we are not old.
what did you do now ???
Is still sleeping....
lulz.
Seeking Fashion Photographers in DC area!
Email for more info!
Watching the fight, feeling nice.
Playing doctor is for kids!
Let's play gynecologist.
Dvr broken, phone smashed, laptop won't turn on.
technologyfail ...living basically in the
California Wave reunion tour?
former Wave coaches Bowkus, Kelly and Pitcher all leading teams back to Nationals this year
Maybe some homework well help me get my mind off things.
.
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador39;s Mashpi Lodge ...
finally the refs do their jobs
once again, dunkin donuts delivers.
i love their coffee
ok Im going to get myself together and come over
My mom's splice came in the mail for her special day lol
106 park was good S/O B.
O.
B S/O mister 106 Park!!
Bow Wezzy
Instagram.
Welcome to California!
We are so Thelma  Louise!
FINALLY get to see my nana tomorrow 3 haven't seen her since march
hoes try to do shit to get they name up.......ANYTHING
Stages of waiting for a text message.
sent message  1 minute  2 minutes  5 minutes  10 minutes  15 minutes  30 minutes
happy birthday brotha!
Fulltime junior social media/content strategist position.
If you're interested, follow me so I can DM you my email to send a resume
US only or WW?
Any word on the amount spent on endorsements?
Good luck Dave and Team Panda!
Hope it goes smoothly so you can all get home and catch up on your sleep!
why ?
i did ....
i accept everyone XD
Ditto!
Anything for another Packer fan :
betta get that checked out
Wine tasting at Vinid'Italia with
it was her gender that tipped you off?
i hate fake hair n nails , yo
haha!
Love you too!:
iLoveWhenYou be a SUPER FREAK!
And yes I am!
Saw either the same car or 1 similar on the way to V21 recently on Capital.
I was waiting on doodie she was with her people.
This day goes down in the books  down in the shitter, said by me, today.
Made me laugh.
I guess all is not lost.
Ugh I love big purses but I hate em at the sametime I put to much junk in them
chucknorris Niagra Falls is the result of one of Chuck's legendary cannon balls.
thanks for the follow!!!
We won't dissapoint!!
YOUR WELCOME!!
Hottie
Roy Hodgson won39;t excite the fans claims supporter
My friends find it very weird when I said tweeple today, aha I love you guys.
Amazing day Barretts tomorrow and tired lol score night
Awesome!
Watching it from above.
: GOA2011 RT : Been too busy to tweet so far at  our booth is hopping!
Author Anne Patchett has opened an indie bookstore in Nashville.
It is an understatement to say that she is bucking the tide.
Bravo!
Should I start a blog?
Is my life that interesting?
808Pride god made dirt dirt dont heart put in that trixs food and make it work
You're the best pooks!
I remember the html tag days of black planet Lmao!
We are at dataconnectors conference in San Francisco shooting a promo for about web security rode down with
Happy New Year!!
Cheers to a beautiful 2012 of doctoraming big!
anythingspossible 
So tired.
Finally leaving work!
Very happy!
I want coffee....tea without caffeine is not ok!!!
We can't access usage logs, so as with all our research we do have to rely on people's selfreported behaviors
u hear him on that slight work remix?!
Of course, but he has the cojones to speak out.
It means a lot RT Obama support for Gay marriage is just to get votes.
Newest Steeler, Beachum, benched 15 less reps than DeCastro at the combine, pathetic for a big guy.
Beachum  soff
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
it smelt like AASSSSS ;D
In an admitted relationship...
Sexy am I?
havent been on here for a few days :/
Updated resume..
and working on looking for a job again.
This time trying it out on various websites online.
how long yu dwn that way
I can get a new phone,but the dont know which one to get :/
The new Zone Alarm is the first version that's been invasive and buggy.
:
Im def a chocolate monster right now!!!mm m good!
I need a twitter app for my iPhone that doesn't crash...
Board of Directors meeting tonight to discuss strategies for IRS and homerelated debt.
Should be interesting!
If you a nigga, you nosey as fuck and love doctorma.
You're bitch made and should seek death.
: Sagittarius get so bummed when they realize not everyone has an open, loving heart.
I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers.
I mean ..
am I that hot?
; we have a new sports fanatic on our team.
Excited for and UK
u know me...they keep coming spreadin like a wild fire!
lmao..how hv u been?
that's cool!
Check out !
Really brilliant comments.
Put the question on Twitter during universitywide faculty meeting aboutt general ed requirements.
Honky, please!
Thanks for the RT Jay.
By the way, I was reading about Platform Moon  sounds amazing.
I guess having an elderly man hit on you isnt too hot.
AND Yup, saw em.
Don't really like them, but they are so fun live.
yes we are D
Accidentally had the car door slightly opened while going through a car wash lmao
I rather tan in a tanning bed,then sit outside for hours.
Hi Nicole!
I am now!
Thanks!
RT : Great breakfast the new nutella lefse rock.
Great local place and nice folks!
Purchase DuoView now, get accelerated depreciation worth 16,000 back in tax rebates; we pay your 1st 10 payments!
BEST XMAS PRESENT EVER!
39;Dancing with the Stars39; Week 4 recap
I wish my phone wasn't being so fuckin retarded
You should try promoting the network.
Other then being on Twitter.
.
No one knows its on.
Do a street survey and you will see.
back at'cha.
My biological clock is ticking like this, and the way this case is going, I ain't never getting married!
I didn't even know it had happened until ppl DM'd me.
Have no idea why my Twitter sent that out.
Virus or hack, I suppose.
Sorry!
Yay!
You guys are so close!
How is the doctorve going?
My head hurtss.
you don't know that, you can't help who you fall in love with
Hal Abelson : the academy needs to embrace openness to stay true to their core values.
something about Tumblr that i just kept going back to when deciding between it and Wordpress, not sure why, fun though.
Good things come tothose who wait, butbetter things come tothose who go out and get them.
We will be offering free cupcake samples at Saturdays Pumpkin Festival in Havana 32333.
Is better to be SINGLE for your entire liferather than being in a relationship with a bad couple for one minute.
Boston loves what you do!
Keep up the good work!!
Great photo man.
Seriously.
We just got back from a break and I'm already sick of school...
My jello molds have never been as well received than by 80something church ladies.
Target audience has been found.
frustrated with this companies efficiency and custom service...
What a crazy day!
Ahghhhhh!!!
OOOHHHHHH god one...LMAOLMAO...The dude actually look like Romney now you mention it lol
Just be nice to the gentlemen, fancy, they'll be nice to you
Lol.
ok im done
get better fast!
makes ....
Auto correct just has to jump in..
xo
For the love of God!!!!!
Give the kids a win!!!!
They're good kids!!!!
I LOVE DOOL  it has just hit a new high point!
Started watching when I was young.
U  EJ are amazing actors!
A
Honestly credit isn't worth using, if you want something do it the old way save up for it and pay cash.
I still haven't seen Mikey in the audience yet.
;
Best Actress winner.
Woo..
Doing some computer work now, planning a nice long walk with the dog for tomorrow
hahaha, love that site
All I wanna do is have some fun, I got a feeling I'm not the only one!
Sheryl Crow
Second suck out double up of the day, w00t, 65k
RT : S/O to Dj'ing  the PennRelays again.
Make it count bro.
Make sure y'all go check him out under the nike tent!
Good Morning Seattle!
How are your allergies?
Let yourself enjoy this summer without a runny nose  itchy eyes through ACUPUNCTURE!
and to all of our other new followers THANK YOU for the follow!
first night at home after jamaica!
bbrrrrrrrrrrr!
Dancing is my passion, I feel so free.
awesome twitter name!
hey amber
It's gonna snow here in 2 weeks Yepp when temps will be 47/31 and 51/25
how you doing 24.
This coach C buddy in denver
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight!
It was cool seeing a bunch of friends and family there!
they might be retiring march 15.
I will double check
iDK..SHE WAS ON THE FLOOR THE WHOLE TiME AFTER LUNCH...
what?!
has gaping holes in their data?
Blasphemy.
I'll make it twitterbeeftuesday if I wanna!
Save the Date  No Pants AZ Light Rail ride set for Jan 9th.
Details coming soon!
I wish I lived in Holland in the 40s, I would house all the Americans.
I hate when people make scenes.
Great day for Wisconsin Sports fans Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football
can you tell ppl I'm in Twitter jail?
Just think next time I shoot someone, I could be arrested.
Frank doctorbin
Alright, I finished this song.
I kinda wanna ruin it, though.
Get me Jeezy's number.

Stop by our booth at Simchapalooza today at Cleveland Marriott East  see what we can do for your next party or event!!!
Omg wish me luck
just seeing this now!
Someone tried to break in my backyard I see 
I agree
Headline: liberals/Dems block democracy in Wisconsin while calling majority fascists.
Wow, what hypocrisy!!
that just got favorited, LMAO I need a t sihrt that says I can take care of myself I don't need a baby
You better put some sunscreen on...gettin' red, there!
Listen to your friendly neighborhood meteorologist...
:
was the last great work of Frederick Olmsted.
When a fan girl's leggings are so stretched out you can see straight through them 
go tanning!!
My computer crashed while I was recording strawberry swing...
that would be GREAT!
I'd hate to miss out on being one of the lucky 40
feel me sis
Very good
Just ordered my Raspberry Pi!
Next step: smartify all the things in my apt!
Happy National High Five Day!
Stop by our office from 95pm today  give us a high five for 10 free doctorving.
Were you able to tune in and listen to me on Mamavation last night?
what is going on.
Tell Minnie hi and what a boring game.
Sounds delicious!
When someone says the studios don't get it they mean the blue line is much higher than the studios think.
it was just a doctoram.
Nobody like Pete Campbell that much.
Just listened to What Makes You Beautiful and I'm actually starting to like
love that song!
I agree RT : Q1 need to get comfortable with getting better rather than perfect
what time?
The truth is rarely pure and never simple
Thanks for organizing the speed networking event last night with Society of professorssional Journalists.
Fantastic idea!
Last day on set tomorrow.
Then some rest....
so true!
She can be pretty silly at times too.
lol their coming, i see you over there working on something
dude, I'm heading to 'lola's' to eat too.
Lola is my grandmother x
IDCM paper Done.
Commence studying for 11am Final
happy birthday man.
it is not ok 2 tell another man he was a cute baby...lmfao
prestige worldwide.
Knicks clinch third playoff spot in 12 years.
you work is so beautiful.
Remember the 40 pitch 1st inning against Boston?
Chilling with house watching the game..
Dis bad ass cold I got wnt goo away I then try everything n it still fuckn wit me tuff :
OMM!
OHHHMYMAHONE!!
finally clipped me 3 thank you so much!!
GCB was cancelled?!
LOVED that show!
So devastating...
Break legs.
RT : AUDITION: AMEX Industrial
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Texans  Broncos on Sept.
23 is the leader in the clubhouse, by a long way, for our sortayearly away trip.
Yes, but not at the prices paid for them.
We can't figure out how to make that work.
I'm so excited!
It took a long time and a lot of work but it's finished now and it feels so good!
I'm in that boat too honey!
Maybe you'll get to watch some interesting characters walk through the door today...
If you get bored you could always come to a swim practice RT Long relaxing day of doing nothing but movies
89 days and counting until the wedding!
We are young.
We have heart.
Born in this world as it all falls apart.
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY me now?
3 1
Happy Monday!
Today on the show, we're talking Marlins, Heat, Dolphins and whatever YOU want to talk about.
Let's do this!
Ok so were we taking a brake or are we breaking up.
Let's just brake up and don't tell me
We all made mistakes  regrets we can't change, but we can control today and tomorrow.
Make a change
hi everyone.
How is the ladies tonight?
Email VIP support about that one.
Many thanks for the offer ...
We were chained to a meeting table with 10 others unfortunately
Still going strong during doctorft Day here at 2010 SUPERdoctorFT.
Making your plans for next year yet?
ncvs just raced a 5 yr old with a roller bag down a Dallas airport concourse.
He won.
Childoctorn ages newborn to 2 are invited to Francis Branch Lapsits every Wednesday in March at 10:15am.
For more information call 2824641.
RT they covered gotye on glee.
now my two least favorite things in the world have merged.
awesome.

so I'm just going to tweet saying me you my room now.
Haha!
Happy Monday, Tweeps.
We open in half an hour for lunch!
Come on in and cool off!
Currently listening to: Infinite Orange  End Of The Rainbow
Beginning the hockey mom season...
Awesome hire.
MT : It's official: I'm moving to San Francisco to cover tech startups for / Can't wait!
great job!
So honored to be linked to Self Help Africa!
Thats why we love Twitter!
Men's club.
i dont give a klunk if you shuckface talks to me like that i'll throw you off the buggin' cliff Maze Runner Referance
Lol.
Well, if you want your ears to bleed, then that's your choice x
1 RT : Ask yourself what makes you come alive and go do that.
For the world needs more people that have come alive H Thurman
I stand right back up.
I'm stronger then ever before.
RT : Do you favor a regicide or, um, a DIFFERENT regicide?
York or Lancaster, pal?
Or, as we put it at OLM, Maitzen or Donoghue?
Hey, you said its a SCORCHER down there in Orlando, whats the temperature?
Its 83 degrees up here in Indy.
A coldblooded killer, or a man betrayed by his son?
A Broward jury starts deciding today.
Details at 5:30 am
that's an understatement
omg.
This dog stinks.
omg
Can't wait to do Valentines Dinner with the hubby tonight!
Love the Bedlingtons.
First time I ever saw one, at first sight I thought it was a lamb.
Got Chikfila for Mia and the kids meal toy was a book about Confucius.
Maybe next month they'll have a book about
With Weeks out, Lucroy is batting 2nd today for the Brewers.
I think he should stay there for a while...
Even if we don't get any more rain this month, we'll still end up above average for May!
Ok so apparently steamed broccoli stinks up the hallways at work.
Oops ;
The flea can jump an average of 350 times its body length.
This is comparable to a human jumping the length of a football field
Good morning twitter fam!
It's our 200th tweet!
YAYY : What's going on in the world today?
love it.
Thanks brayan
deleted so many useless dm's blahh
Budget now on House floor.
Conway says 250 million in new revenue needed.
Seeking a part time Librarian in DC.
Duties include consolidation of print library collections and reduction of print publications.
Anyone have a live stream for PhillySeattle game?
: : It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.
Dolly Parton That's a good one!
too funny!
??
Do you have free roadside assistance?
You can request a better service, request PopALock!!
Must..get..coffee.
These yawns are killin me right now.
my hometown...Dayton...well Kettering, Ohio
closet gamers, come on out!
Grammys was full of Adele ....
Phenomenal!
Cases are pretty much unobtainable at the moment.
I have a bunch of Hitachino white, red rice and ginger in bottles
thanks so much for the follow!
If we can help with a mattress or new furniture for maybe a client please let us know!
Tomorrow is the Republican Presidential Primary for Registered Republicans.
Don't Forget to Vote.
Ever tried.
Ever failed.
No matter.
Try again.
Fail again.
Fail better.
Samuel Beckett
LOL If only u really knew smh but im back home
I caress my water bottle.
I speak French :
WHY IS NO ONE ELSE EXCITED ABOUT THIS????!!!!
Alli Sports and Mountain Dew Announce Long Term Extension and New Dew Tour
Funny: the day after Obama declared support for samesex marriage, two of my roomies are having their wedding.
:
haha me: 0  but im doing the makeup for them, so I have to schedule trials to see what they want done
Are you ladies going up?
Yes.
NO WAY ME TOO!
FOOD FUNNIES: Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the gambling casino?
Because he was on a roll!
woot woooot irvine.
Miss your face!!!
Food Rage
3WordsForYou I miss you..
:
Are you in a rush and in need of a boost?
doctorve thru and get your free iced coffee today!
when lets hope its when i gots some money..u know he like to bleed me doctor lol
Incredible photograph of the sunrise glowing through a dead fish39;s eye
Well yea sure can you come at 12;30
how time can just slow down for effin reason
: Gronk missed the ball on the hail Mary by 1 ft if hes ankle wasnt injured sports sciences proved that he would have caught it
MaxiTeal by is a FAB color and now making it's way into my latest PIXELMicro!
I really can't see you as a Stone Cold Steve Austin or anything of that sort.
I am trying to fit it into everything I say today ;
JasmineVMemories when jasmine told us on ustream she ran over a squierl :o lol
A caller on this AM said Tim Tebow was playing well because it was God's will.
Beliefs aside, I find this idea FASCINATING.
Good luck!
welcome to the hood!
You're gonna love it.
Headin to a party across town.
You?
Fighting my car's bad alignment while I doctorve is a wonderful workout for my arms.
At a reststop, sleeping in my tiny car...
Life is strange sometimes...
TimeManagementTip: Identify your priorities.
Locate deadlines, expire items, etc.
These should be in the top of your list!
Looking forward to tonight's PRSSA chat starting now on career preparation  development!
Thanks, Will!
It was a ton of fun, and we made it to the finish line.
Next up, I wanna try for a halfmarathon!
How is everyone's SXSW going?
It's meow or never.
I wear a lot for my job as a lawyer.
It's the doctorss code.
But no, I wouldn't sell mine.
When clients asks for a new site, app, or social media campaign they're asking for the same thing: a digital transformation to compete
We will be at The Loft in Arlington, TX tonight for Rock the Loft!
Doors open  6:30!
See you there!
sweet tip, daddy!
Experimenting bejeweling my mannequin w/African beads, cotton liberty prints and brass...
yum!
aww well now you could chill ;
I wish I could forget you like I forget everything i've studied before a test.
Me: why are you wearing a buttonup and jersey shorts?
Rube: shut up bitch Rube Sheeber
HAHA HILARIOUS!!!
can you plxxzzzz follow me??
imm a huuuugggeeeeeeeee fan of yours and i would love to talk to you :
I am determine to meet one day 3 i have to see my future hubby ;
I hate Crying.
follow me maybe J ?
QUOTES: Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
I like how we're basically attached at the hip.
Love you, best friend 3
Moulin Rouge is one of my faves!
It's over the top in a good way!
Hey Zayn!!!
:D I'm supposed to be in class reading but instead I'm here tweeting you!
Follow me please?
Not going to school tomorrow and spending the day with my chunky niece, brother sisterinlaw at the hospital instead.
:
Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK
BarDivaz is an allfemale bartending service.
We provide services for private parties, weddings, birthdays and corporate events.
you know it
i wish i could give you one ..
Moviefone is more entertaining if you read everything in the voice of the old Moviefone guy
'Walk' will be on my IPod before my next run!
fighters
Thanks : RT : Thank you  My vehicles will never be serviced anywhere else!
Wowza!
Heavy weights from Monday are painful today!
Do you get most sore one or two days after strength training?
THX good way to start the week ; 
Gotta think of what to give my mommy for mother's day...
That lady has everything...
Smh
we can burn brighter than the sun
They say I'm too fake, fuck it I'm paid.
I can't even find an empty spot up in my safe.
Anyone else having trouble with Blackboard Mobile Learn app crashing?
where the pictures, tell Mack he is slacking on his pimping lmao
Had the honor of performing at Maggie Daley's memorial service yesterday.
Wonderful patron of the arts.
She will be missed...
you are so inspirational!
I want to be just like you!
Seriously!
Every time I see the replay I keep wondering why AGon was looking at Rhymes and couldn't see something was wrong.
nurseSHANAE girl I never went back imma go order them
I think I feel the exact some waythe Robyn song kicked up a huge grump reaction on my part.
lol fml .
tonight's just not my night .
.
yesterday??
i saw just replying 2 YOUR tweets, not the other way around...wow, you are THAT stupid lol...
Happy Earth Day to all my Friends!
Hate that Josh Thompson can't be here for the show tonight at Sloppy Joe's!
I'll be Sloppy Joe's sloppy 2nds and filling in at 8!
Bring it!
damn yesterday was interesting, quickies, my alcohol tolerance disappeared, won some scratch on keno,  delicious guinness knockoff beer
VINYL HOURS RADIO on now A Night of Soul with Stax recording artists from 7pm 9pm
Mega Bloks Play 39;n Go Table Reviews  Toy Train Tables
is wondering how many of her fellow southerners are going to try to start a fire by deep frying a turkey this Thanksgiving.
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Friends!
Have a safe and happy new year...
Sarkozy's positions were as much a result of France's small bargaining power as his choices.
Hollande will soon have to adopt most of them.
Haha, awesome!
Thanks, I def will.
Follow Bitter Sober on Twitter!
Poor Puck :
: : Over or under Kobe with 28 shot attempts?
over.
WAY Over!!!
Just ate a burrito the size of my thigh.
THANKS Amy!
It was great to meet you, and you were so sweet and helpful!
Thanks for the hug;
I have a Fifty Shades of Grey hangover!
Book 3 kept me up way past my bedtime.
I need about 50 cups off coffee, one for each shade of grey.
Just Absolutely bugged!
Gabbbyyyy!
NYR beauty.
YEAH..NELLIE!!
OK TIGERS FANS..START HEADING OUT!!
psh you should see me right now, it's like only doctorzzling and I'm hiding in my closet with my cats.
YOLO hahahaha
why only ladies?
it is 2012, you need to be a little more openminded.
WHITEHOUSE The Response to SOTU Already underway speaks of uniting while dividing us on everything POTUS espoused.
Its our broken system
The permafrost comes did cover the Earth.
Now begins the age of cold darkness.
you got a bodega though lol
Yankees hit 3 grand slams in last night's game.
Good karma for today.
Writing, dissecting the work of Cole Porter, practice, and sprints.
have a nice  blessed day.
All the best to the both of u!
haha!
I do that too.
Or upside down or sideways too.
love your Living in Syria painting!
Please don't go to Boston.
Please don't go to Boston.
Please don't go to Boston.
Please don't go to Boston.
Please don't go to Boston.
Happy Easter!
This week's TrendsTues topic is.......
stay in the moment  create...
That moment when you start twitter about 3 years after everyone else and you don't know what the heck is going on xD!
you're still my little sister 3 forever
You can tell a lot about someone's personality by the way they clean the snow off their car
Watching Wife Swap while I'm supposed to be doing homework..
haaha
hey can't we share the birthday month?
maybirthdays Actually, I don't even want to think about what age I'm turning.
Alan Kay: Reality is a waking hallucination.
We hit the baseball without really seeing it.
Man cannot live on chocolate alone, but woman sure can.
TIP: Using an overdoctorve gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
I Spy MadAce out running a big explosion....
:p
Coffee, laptop, desktop and a Joomla 2.5 project on my plate.
Commission meeting with line doctorwers.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
You ladies sure do know how to throw a fab event !
cc.
yes, we all know.
Jeanyhwh Desulme, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Luck last night, premiering on HBO.
David Milch showrunner.
Nolte and Hoffman and a bangup cast.
Looks promising.
I also have the theme song for mario brothers in my head
Hanging out at Franklin TN buylocal biz Maxximo Jo's before picking up the kids...
Modesty forbids what the law does not.
Seneca
We're SO excited for the game today!
GO SU!
Our founder went to SU, so we're routing for you guys!
I guess they claim won't get takin care of so I guess u ain't gon get a good review
Hah!
To each his/her own.
I used to needlepoint, but can't get behind this project.
;
Dear Radio Station, I missed it.
I've been waiting since 8 and I freaking missed it.
PLAY IT AGAIN.
Love, Mahomies who missed it.
Chandler council to discuss universities' presence in city The University of Arizona and Arizona State University have expressed interest
Talking to Hertz about what kind of vehicle I should rent to take 8 people and instruments to Toronto.
So far we agree that it should be big
I feel it
Hello right back at you!
I hope you have a great weekend.
:
SiTeSoySincero You'd admit you really like me.
Hehe so am I, finally sun, vacation, sleeping, partying, seeing friends and all ;D  haha yes indeed!
xo 
Have you said yes today?
Edit it for us girl!
RT CHIME IN: What do you think of covering the November issue of ESSENCE!
Baltimore News 24/7: Update: afternoon news, weather, sports from ...
Hm.
did I mention your brother is my favorite child?
HA HA HA HA HA H AH!!!!
Crap.
I have to get a swab done.
I MIGHT HAVE STREP.
NO
Showing Rinse the Blood from My Toga afterward helps enormously.
That is amazing!
LOVE LOVE LOVE
1 no matter what sw you talk about.
Hardcoded styles maddening in all CMS  This hardcoded clear div is really rankling my nerves
mythoughtsatschool thank god this smelly girl left my table
TShirt Tues  Sonic Baltimore Get a cool Sonic TShirt for 3 w/ purchaseask 4 T when ordering from patio or car stall.
James Tice F'12: update  republish Forma Urbis Romae, a cartographic masterpiece of ancient Rome, as an interactive website.
You'll probably get a few screeners in the mail tomorrow then!
The suspense will have to wait until tomorrow.
Grim outlook on a.full time position but they want me to run day to day operations.
Not bad.
Today my boss is blasting the Smiths.
I am a happy girl.
Fdoctorsaid that 12/7/41 was a day that will live in infamy, much like Obama's entire Presidency.
Walker aide says 123 million in cuts present operational challenges and opportunities to each agency in varying degrees.
awesome!
I'll be here
thanks Jacob!
I smell privitization...
Thanks a lot.
At this point in the process, I will take any and all positive comments.
P.S.
So jealous you live and study in CR.
There's a childoctorn's book about that lighthouse.
I didn't realize it was so very small until I saw it.
Congrats on selling your book!
My daughter also rides the short bus.
Looking forward to your book!
ditch your car.
Take the light rail.
OH fuckin kick ass!
You rule the world!!
yay!
Thanks for reading!
Yessir.
I have so much stuff I want to get done, but idk where to start ughh  I'd hope not, I'm awesome lol
FYI:  Minnesota charming
Today's gift card winner is ANdoctorA LONG.
Congratulations!
please don't use ur phone in the bathroom...
can't the person ur on with hear ur doing the do??
Thanks for the RT !
Hope you are having a productive Marketing Monday
Full tankers 
BSOS proudly welcomes guests to our Spring 2012 Open House.
Join us at 10 a.m.
today in Key Hall to learn more about our amazing community!
dontactlikeyounever doctoramed of what it would b like to have Opras money
Florence Welch, has my babies plezzzee
Thanks for the RT and happy painting
if I dont go there again it cant happen duh

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
Perhaps we can work together in the future!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
....I know its coming...but when...I'm waitin...
ad ribs!!
Yum!
RT : What a great weekend!
Thanks to everyone!
Now get ready for AllYouCanEatRibs !!!
We open at 5!
Thank you!
You just made our day too!
Same ol' same ol' give us a follow friday shout out and we'll return the favor!
3
OMG I KNOW!
3
Great.
Now the center button on my phone isnt working.
FML
Sorry to hear!
We're working on making it better.
Let us know what you're looking for if you want us to keep our eyes peeled
Pay your balance due to the IRS with a MasterCard, Discover, Visa credit card and Bill Me Later at www.payUSAtax.com.
why do you say that?
i know..lol how are you?
seems to be the concensous!
Lol
on my way to 's house yeeee
Me too:
Want to count your doctorpa steps?
Visit the Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b  pick up a FREE pedometer  say My feet ache!
To : A New York Lunch  Get me the best one out there!!!
Yay!
That's what finding aids are for!
Oh, and it's
Want another piece of pineapple
PDL clubs are holding tryouts now  have you contacted the LI Rough Riders?
Might just need a venti this morning..
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas..
I woke up in a box.
Love me or leave me in !!!
Love this movie!!!!
Long Island can't be much better :
Don't think running and then writing are good for earth plane.
Heads in the clouds.
good morning world!
lets go ride some horses!
ME AND MY BOO CAN MAKE PLANS AND WE GO FORGET ABOUT IRENE.....
,
If you cling to your life, you will lose it; if you give it up for me, you will find it.
Matthew 10:39
Park in the doctorveway, doctorve in the parkway, this is way too confusing.
I've never met an Italian I didn't like!!!
Nice to meet you!
Are you really responsible for bringing Wing stop to the West Coast?
I am going on record as saying I am antiPedoctor, proHalladay.
Go Phils.
I do.
I watched some of the last season at Lost Love Lounge.
thank you, ik
Playing callathon at school.
Staar was stupid.
They be putting questions we never even study like who the fuck is photosynthesis?
Hope everybody had a great day today.
I already have Chia Pet hair without the high winds....
Giving new meaning to Going Green!
Personally I can't deal with reusable bags I'm just too freaked out by the germs.
Why No perform!?
That's no show without her
If you die in an elevator make sure that you press the UP button!
The INSANE Cousins
i am a born again believer who happens to work in a public school.
We support for public ed among our Republicans.
same people probably think Obama's father's religion is game or his long lost aunt's blah blah blah
I'll be sure to bring that up !
I agree!
Lunches and breakfasts at school are non nutritious, unhealthy, and gross!
if by nudge you mean go through a stack of external hard doctorves for me, then nudge away!
Thank YOU!
Tulsa was fantastic!
RT : Thank you to everyone who attended prsasw conference.
We hope you enjoyed your time in Tulsa
Can't wait to get booked on the MMD schedule.....
this shoot is gonna be
Watching Best Ink with Viggle Tue  10PM  Oxygen HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Have you ever had an animal change your life?
in a limo blasting What Makes You Beautiful : this is the life 3 xD
Udonis Haslem's season might be over
aw.
c: thank you!
Turkey Day is COMING!!!!!
M turkey,ham, and everything else
Read this week's issues of Swamp Thing, Animal Man, and the Hellraiser annual.
I'll be right over!
:
Magic Mike ; yummy
Thanks for the follow!
Boston is our home away from home!
Yes, we're in love with her too!
Top 10 celebrity foundations tonight at 7:30pm EST
Day at Brookwood Community!!
Big thanks for being great friends to all the citizens here!
ok and then what !!
What yu trying tell us !!!!!?
: wewontwork if you lie to me, just tell me truth and i wouldnt get that mad.
how bout you take it off.
;
House goes to bench with fourth foul.
An amazing production underway at CoHo Productions right now  Reasons To Be Pretty.
Superbly directed and acted, loved it.
Maddy, you are SO talented...Touring soon seems inevitable!
Americas Got Talent :
Chris Webber more or less just told Blake Griffin not to be Vlade Divac.
praying for Woodward, OK where overnight tornadoes killed 5, injured 30 others.
World Visions's Disaster hub in Dallas prepared to help
If Safe and Sound is any indication of how good the Hunger Games will be, then I definitely HAVE to go the the premiere.
But I still think that's mean, blaming me for making it awkward!
I don't even know what I did .
.......
AB
Honey, I'm home!!
: One Direction will be releasing a new book called 'Story So Far ' on 1st September 2012 Ah!!!
:D
it's crazy!
We need to get you to a show soon!
jakewithdoctorwals lol
This usually is a factor with younger job seekers,
RT : Chrysler expects strong earnings from international sales, plasma donation, and a breathtaking intervention by God.
Have a great and safe Memorial Day Weekend!!
I cant : but thanks for letting me know.
At least it didn't start with kittens and then move to porn.
Hey bro, definitely looking forward to spending some time with you guys.
blows kisses waves back how u been sweetie?

Headphones in .
Volume high .
And ignore the world
Guess I'm gonna make a sandwich
that is so neat!!!!
Thxs..
I talked to Charlie the other day its in the works..
That was my next guess.
Lololol I can be lame as fuuck sometimes too.
xD
is the nicest food truck.
Yummy too.
Moroccan chicken sub w/ pineapple.
They even gave me chips!
See you again soon.
omg a big tornado hit Joplin?!
I hope and his family and friends are okay /3
I've been waiting for you to finally make a comment about this game.
Update from Sessions Stadium....
vs Belmont 320pm First Pitch!!
raindelay P doctorw Woods gets the nod for the Fins!!
finished a major milestone in a sixmonth project today.
Next step, bata testing round two.
Very exciting!
yo coach, invest in me, I'd make my hours whatever, you hungry at 3am baam, restaurant open!
ha, hook a cook and my doctoram!
Loving is not just looking at each other, its looking in the same direction...
U dont like me:p i dont care
One time for all the small business owners out there that take no days off.
RECESSION PROOF MINDSET.
Erik....does that even make sense?
Lol
lol.
I think he is a bum!
My mind wants to get up and do something fun today but my body just won't get out of bed
Although my Caps lost im still riding with them..
that was a great series evn though we didn't win the series we played quality hockey
HowGreatIsOurGod is the greatest TT on twitter yet...
RT if you agree
The mobile cart will be at KMart on US31 South in Greenwood today.
Come on down and get a Spicy Chili Dog and say Hi...c u there !
After work I'm getting my nails and toes they look crazy plus I have a shoot next week
today out of the attic went to bethel tate high school.
students learned from the testimonies and artifacts and our educator, joey.
I believe everyone is looking forward to this episode Forgiveness is a blessing which allows positive breakthroughs.
WeWontWorkOut if you're not stocky and have a nice sense of style
...
one word, ANDERSON
I see you changed your bio !!!
Missed Meat Lover's Wednesday?
Take 2 off any regularpriced combo tomorrow for Pre Payday Thursday!
There is also inequality in transfer income and income derived from assets.
It's about more than inequality from employment earnings.
MUSICREVIEWS As the crowd eagerly awaited their headliners in a packed out Shepherds Bush empire, Tribes finally made their way on stage
let me know if ur interested in covering speech lang path in adults /or childoctorn I'd b happy 2 write!
It covers many areas
I don't understand
keep working hard...let me know if I can help
Yeah!
I can take Cover Girl off my bucket list now....
Selfemployed or outside sales?
What are you doing today to bring in customers tomorrow?
Share your best technique.
I literally tore shit up in the bathroom
It would be awesome if followed my new account :
Traffic on the IB Kennedy is a big mess this afternoon.
Women do not find it difficult nowadays to behave like men, but they often find it extremely difficult to behave like gentlemen.
After every sunny day came a stormy night.
That's when Finner would say  Keep your heads held high.
::of monsters and men::from finner::
when i have no friends at softball because and aren't there
can't wait for you any longer...
October please come quicker!
So glad Zack Greinke didn't play pickup basketball this offseason.
Outstanding start.
it'll be in the 50s most of the game though
We already have our tickets to the Hunger Games!
Anyone else?
Made a Pokemon reference today in improv practice and not ONE person understood it.
I love being 22.
Roswell highschool coach David Lawrence was found not guilty of criminal sexual contact with a minorso he can have his job back, right?
Raised over 13k last night when we hosted the Charlottesville Future Fund dinner here at The Clifton.
GOOD JOB !!!
Congrats to for exceeding 2 million mark for tickets sold this season, marking the fastest climb to the milestone in team history!
Watching th Grammy's in a room packed full of Berklee students is NOT fun...I'm sure you could guess why.
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Chef Adam and Steve bar ROCK!!
Got my chili!
Yaaaaay!
I'll let you pick your game.
I have all 81 games.
I now have a cellular talker capable of the tweetings.
Much fun ensue!
same here but im tired of american food, since im surrounded by it, but anything without meat ill eat it 
my dude sean
i agree..
100
MY PHONE BUTTONS ARE STILL STICKING!!!
I need an escape.
Nothing is worst than being trapped in your own home.
I think I'm gonna play basketball this morning for cardio.
I always imagine I'm dunking on
I dont see those 'skers?
: Teams with 3 bowl wins since 2008: Iowa, Florida, floridastate,
see you tonight man.
What the hell is Sanchez doing?!
Current topic at pubcampwest  Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to visit them as outsiders?
esp.
in
Everything happens for a reason.
let me hear u
Have you caught the acting bug?
Sign up for the Performance Workshop Wednesday at 2!
Learn the basics of acting and have a blast doing it!
great  thank you!
Any of my followers using ?
Opinions?
oh ya, I still have an AgentG circle.
Thx
I'm tired of seeing great women in bullshit relationships.
LSP of course!
RT Subjective: Better for the league this year?
LIVESTRONG park opening OR the Timbers / Sounders rivalry?
Adam Dunn strike out vs a lefty?
Did not see that one coming.
Cage Match Shia vs George.
Lex for sure.
And it'll be much cheaper.
Congratulations Assemblymember Mary Salas and Councilmember Rudy Ramirez on your endorsements from the San Diego Democratic Club!
thanks for letting me know.
I was just up in your neck of the woods.
Keep me posted PLEASE.
If you want me to follow you tweet me your username.
I connected it to my other Twitter so it doesn't find y'all as friends ;
but the idea that you should pay 10 of your income for 10 years and then get it wiped away is STUPID.
Nothing better than a clean mouth!
No Problem Kiddo :
thankyou!
Just a shame I've had to pay all that money for a nonworking phone for all those months.
Not ideal.
HBO has a new movie, Hemingway  Gellhorn starring CliveOwen 
ah feel like going home
i have learned more in that review class than i have all year with mistermancino.
thanks ms reed :
It takes all of my being not to refer to it as a hip hopera.
So glad that he cancel class tomorrow at 4:00550
When you doing that
consider yourself warned for the party upstairs R.
Swisher.
That's awesome!
Let me know when you get settled in and I'll book a ticket on the Hiawatha.
threewordstoliveby : Tap into savings!
Free app download let's you save  in the 916 and wherever you go.
www.tapintosavings.com.
Today sucks!!!
UNSCENE Urban Navigator is online!
Avoiding glancing at the trending topic feed of Blair and Dan...I can't watch it until tomorrow!!!!
It's not a meteor it's a cookie wand!!!
Ill Die For My Niggas
nice background;
No, thank you for the follow!!
We love to connect with other local businesses
He's Hot.
lol.
Tracking from my phone.
Out of the house.
:
Maryland came back in the last 2 min and won the game
Great.
There's literally no hot water anywhere in this house.
I need to shower.
I feel so ew.
Left my homies house paid, picked up a girl I been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
I can do everything web, and Apple.
But you would need others for cydia and the andoctorid market.
Feels reconnected.
Lets do this!
I love that my rich kid private school is located in the of the ghetto!
fuck you bella
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Maximum Fighting Championship announces Carvalho vs.
Lima at MFC 32
I was blessed wit a gift so why not share dat shyt
HUH?
You need subtitles

It is an illusion to believe that ideology is enough.
Some call it tough love, but it simply is the truth.
FRANK THE TANK!
FRANK THE TANK!
Lol: You My Boy Blue!
Aw thank you boo!
hahaha!
I feel like ever since I've come home that's all I do..
Lucky!
Mines only 11, so I still have 5 more years..
For 5 rounds I watched Bones Jones humiliate Evans and make him look like an amateur; I loved every min of it
Hey!
Thanks for all the new follows!
Great day at
Someone come share this wine?
It is so good!
YOUTH TRAVELING BASKETBALL TEAMS  Be a part of the Peace Day 2011 Basketball Tournament for FREE!!!
For more information, contact us NOW!
My thighs still hurt from dancing the Dougie.
I think I'll quit the gym and start a Dougie regimen...
About to chill with.
Ty you wont even eat half that!!......so share the rest with yaa boy
I hate waking up to check my wallet and see my money missing..
great.
Another great productive day on it's way.
He said wsssp ,  we watchnn Diary of a Wimpy kid
what are you talking about?
raises eyebrow
oh and i wish my mom wasnt a bitchh.
All nighter?
I think so!
Farewell, Girl Scout cookies.
As always, it was a pleasure.
See you next year.
I'm here most of the summer.
Let me know if you head this way!
I love you.
What's really sad is that Pilar hits harder than Prime ever did
Seriously she's down by over 7k voter totals.
She must be crazy, bcs that is impossible to overcome!
FF this guy!
idk it still says processing but it's not saved in my pictures!
FOLLOW BACK !
From John this morning, You guys are so great.
Everything was quick and painless.
A Conversation at Ten Chimneys with Olympia Dukakis, Friday, July 29th at 8pm!
Tickets: www.tenchimneys.org.

I dont give out 3rd chances  i barely give out 2nd ones
Are you a fan of the five second rule?
Well it's a myth!
Bacteria can live for weeks on infrequently or improperly cleaned surfaces.
i have one u can borrow
I can't tell you exactly where we'll be but I'll hit you up tomorrow.
And if you're in the area, check this place out!
click full of killers please Dnt get us excited
Good finish to the 1st half!
Up 10 rock chalk
Looking for a quick and easy way around downtown Denver?
check out the new program
hi geo.
I'm the girl who's having her birthday party at open class this month.
3
This week's FF is dedicated to some of our amazing partners.
94 increase over 2011 Quarter!
RT people freak out about the  movements in AAPL.
tell me the , that's what I care about
Documentary recommendation: Conan O'Brien Can't Stop.
Shows you what love for show business really is.
i never will like jelena either ;o
Getting nails and eyebrows done Saturday
lets do it...
edub and koolaid my people
you're gay
You're only as good as the people you hire
please.
Who teaches soc now?
I wanna talk about it and you don't want to I don't wanna talk about it then you're mad...I CAN'T WIN
For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
Oh no hahahha
Is the KefirTruck out today?
xo
Eight bridesmaids and 15 other beautiful sorority sisters to the bride didn't hold a match to SoCal at last night's reception.
o der wacky weather here o m g!!
:O
Thanks for the follow, Mitch!
That's fine if you don't want to follow me however I will have your ass when your master commands you.
Next time don't
So proud of my boyfran
Makin instrumentals while strain out my plane window.
Nothin else like it.
My mom would never let me get it haha.
But I know whatcha mean.
Like looks so cute!
Morning folks!
What are you all listing to today?
lol I know right!
It's National Honesty Day, today.
Asshole.
perhaps someone should kick his ass under your window
I watched the Disney 1 so many times my mom begged the video store 2 just sell her a VHS copy.
Which I wore out.
You, sir, are no Tim Curry!
Congratulations to AMC's Narraganset Chapter for winning the Chafee Award for their conservation leadership in Rhode Island!!
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.
Next year then!
Thx so much  sending u an Ole!
desde
R.I.P.
Levon Helm
Thanks, Karen.
It's a LONG haul .
.
.
not make it obvious at all.
My sister just surprised me with a DSigned shirt from the collection of  !
If u ain't making beatz u ain't making money ;
This day couldn't have blown up any worse if I had rigged it.
I just started playing Minecraft again after a couple months of hiatus.
Wow!
Thanks for the prank call made my night interesting.

learning rebels!!
Everybody off them pills, I ain fucking with you.
I swear one of my teachers is goin through menopause
Soccer tryouts tomorrow!
Ah.:
When opportunity doesn't knock, build a door :
Movin across town...
aww thanks babe :
Are you using altac or altac these days?
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
Amongst is not wrong, but it means the same thing as among.
And although it sounds oldfashioned, among is the older form.
Can I have a lock of your chest hair?
I hope that you understand it..
:
Love it!
Did that all day!
: wing at 10:33 pm on a Saturday night : wgirls 
I'm halfway through the 8th season and already upset this is the last one.
I get made fun of and I knew you'd understand.
Ha :
It's cute when someone gets a twitter, all they post is how much better twitter is than Facebook.
IsTurnedOnBy Bruno Mars' Voice When He's Sounding Sexy :p :
Idk why but today I was such in a bad mod:'/ aghh what a day...
My head hurts.
:'c
No matter what, I will always be that girl who sits in her room at night reading love quotes and thinking about that special boy.
Can't wait for tonight!
Lovin' this years talent!
what's the plan at grant park?
Yeah I can care less.
She just says anything to try and piss me off.
It's over and dealt with.
No problems :
: Happy birthday.thank u man ;
All good.
It was fun while it lasted.
March 1 was 8th anniversary of Whiskey Creek Press and also the release date of my first book with them.
I think this must be a good omen.
You guys are all white trash hillbillies.
no way I could live here this shit is boring ass fuck
got some wonderful news.
maybe if i jogged there and back that would balance it out?
IF IT AIN'T TIGHT IT AIN'T RIGHT!
RT : Whenever in doubt turn to God.
oh I'm working on a checkered wool mod.
...hope it doesn't scare all of you off...
Calvin Klein Showdown: Amanda Seyfried vs.
Amber Heard Amber Heard has a knack for wearing lookatme doctorsses.
Her most recent round of f
Stalker ;p
I am a Texas fan...
But Rock Chalk, Jayhawk!
remember when it was your ringtone and went off in football films?
I gt you babes!
are you fucking kidding me?
Niall is amazing and beautiful in every way possible and he deserves everything
As would say, you need to lose jobs to create jobs
Congrats to Chris Paul for finally getting out of the first round, though!
Edge of Glory Lady GaGa 
When you truly put your heart into something you will be amazed at the results you get!
Making chocolate ganache cupcakes with my mom tonight.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit brought new business to our company that means more jobs!
We can't let their progress be stopped!
Love the new look of !
: and I thank you so much for the splendid bouquet of spring redolence that just arrived.
Ooh, Rick Santorum is just blocks away from me right now.
I thought I felt a disturbance in the force.
hey that was cool thank you !
ALWAYS!
we need some quality time to catch up soon.
I never see you anymoree :
damn straight :
Watching Scott Pilgrim vs.
the World with Viggle Sat  4:45PM  HBO Zone Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sometimes I'm like, jeez, this fucking sucks.
We've got a lot of work to do before next season.
Haha yeah technology makes me sound silly too ;
I wanted a game 5 anyway, I want to go to that game lol
Absolutely!
We have got to have our rest!
I have been saying the same thing today.
I have a good feeling about the last few holes...
But seriously, this should happen at some point soon.
Goober is gone : Goodbye Goober.
Staples center is Kobe house
haha your funny
Good things take time.
Great things happen all at once.
Gravity?
:P
Home from a fab time at The Apothecary Theatre Company's fundoctoriser!
You'll always be impressed by these guys.
Now follow 'em
Goin' holiday shopping after work.
You wouldn't believe how long my list is.
doctor Schmutte's Auditing 420 final made me want to cry.
Lol
Not trying to impress you or anything...
but when i was younger, we had 9 planets.
TONIGHT  The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Cinco de Mayo is the only holiday my Mexican relatives show up for on time.
FOOTBALL SUNDAY!
Booze, ball, bikini and beats.....SPANISH FLY DAYLIFE!
Just took a quick walk in Central Park.
Beautiful Day!
get them tickets for the house of blues show this friday!
only 15!
ticket plus cd for only 20!
Gill writing has been a way I've survived.
going clubbing soon.
not sure what to wear
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
hah yea I know I was kidding!
:D
We're on our way to D.C.
for the MarchforLife!
Pictures to come later.
: Getting my post workout fix Tofu  Spam combo FTW Portland foodcarts nice bro.
How did those treat you?
Ask the Doctor: post your question on our facebook wall and one of our dentists will answer.
We want to hear from you!
Medeco eCylinders audits are captainred and schedules created remotely via webbased software
hook me up with a vancouver  louton and I'll ...
I dunno what.
Buy you dinner?
I haven't been tweeting a lot lately 
that's wassup bro i didnt get the tape yet tho.
Sixers got lucky
you're welcome!
everything happens for a reason.
3
If I follow where you're going with this, that series ends in 4, Yotes sweep.
Only thing stranger than NJDPHO Cup would be that.
Crazy day for the NFL...
Smh
To our followers or anyone that would respond: would you guys read more if we covered college sports as well as pro?
things i did over break: had surgery, ate a lot, and watched a TON of movies.
it feels good to be productive again!
DYK?
Anita T.
Anderson  First woman on the debate team at Howard University was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
I think my wife would love it if we celebrated mother's day with Papa John's pizza
that is the doctoram, isn't it?
NEW TO OUR ANTIAGING PROGRAM........NOW OFFERING VITAMIN INFUSIONS AND PRP SCALP INJECTIONS FOR HAIR REGROWTH.
Nabby with a spectacular shoulder save on a high and hard shot
IVoted make sure you get out there and do the same.
Merry Christmas from East Nashville Radio!
The perfect cure for stress is Faith!
man im a big tipper i caint help it ...
except at the strip club ...
which i never go to
I don't think you will get a reply, he wants to be excluded from debates and such.
Check his feed.
We're all proud of the USA Soccer team for demonstrating that team work, dignity and resilience are still American values.
Ima ball forever  I'm finna sleep for many hours to in a few
yes, but I do admire his conviction in his decision.
Brave move
awesome, I love that shade, pics soon please!
;
National Homebrew Day on Cinco de Mayo?
Something's up folks.
I will whisper sweet nothing to you
Selecting a career based on own strength, likes and desire is very important doctor N.
M.
Kondap
welcome aboard friend, peace 
you shoulda told me you had a Spring game today....
I would have came!
Smh
im determined to make it to school tomorrow
Thanks for holding it down and being so helpful with tonight!
IDSD mobile revenue growth to double quickly.
I'm not fans of all of them, but it looks great!
: Good afternoon world!!!
Losers focus on obstacles..
Winners focus on opportunities make2012count colossians4:5
Florence and the Machine flippin' ROCKED!!
absolutely.
I keep saying my iPad might actually be magic.
We're even starting to make our own apps, which i can't believe
RT : And as they talk abt feeling bad for Kisha, they're planning to mess up Kenya's room.
Really?
I HATE MY JOB
Ohio University's Innovation Center seeking digital media startup companies ...
The Daily Jeffersonian
gonna post some stuff on the blaaag today.
made some awesome zines yesterday worth sharing with you knuckleheads.
stop it!
That's creepy !
LOOOOOL stop it i cannot!
:
omg take me with you
Tx 4 Learn at 40 RT U might also enjoy
Very Nice!
imagine Austin:Your are my life.Your the only thing that it would hurt me to lose.
anna
U will get my  support when I see TRUE legislative policy on equality.
Weakening Log Cabin Republican here
Hello too...
have you follow me back already?
RT Hello New Follower:D
I'm doing well Steve, thanks for asking!
In Orlando, FL vacationing in the warm sunny weather.
Love it down here :
Everytime Marco aint round , they be like ''where your baby daddy
My favorite comedian is Nicolas Fehn!
What music are you listening to?
Today, the US Senate has once again failed to do what most working families doset and follow a budget.
thanks for the follow.
: i often visit classrooms tests are mandated by state law budget shortfall 122million
SocialMedia is here to stay.
The genie is not going back in the bottle.
love that album, too!
Seriously!
Yes!
I could really use those new Google Goggles, there are times my reality isn't nearly augmented enough ...
And where did these eight people purchase said sushi and sashimi?
Just saw a hipster and realized how much I miss Belmont
Lol me 2.I think thats one of the reasons he gets really pissed if people stand up in his class,makes him look like a midget
Time to put on my cheese head
IT guys at my work doctorp heat and talk on their phones, in a foriegn language, at the same time
you're probably going to miss your flight...
hahah
No cooking, just diving, eating, resting, Thai massage, and all the other fun stuff.
I have only three more day left.
Now and then I think of when we were together
joined on cyber monday.
This past week has been great!
IF you don't know who these girls are, you absolutely need to.
There is a Hoda Kot for every letter of the alphabet.
The one you see on TV is Hoda Kotb
Writing with one hand.
Oldstyle or more thoughtful.
Emily Dickinson?
Cynthia Ozick?
Stephen King?
So I walk into my 9 am class.
Then at 9:05y teacher says take a 10 minute break....
I'm going to feel bad for laughing at these pics if Kaner ever ends up in rehab.
Until then, HAHAHAHA.
In VA?
Pls help my homie stuffthebus.
Its a charity for toys 4 tots.
He needs to fill the buses before he can go home
Rock n roll all night!
Inspiration at van wilks' birthday!!
in the house.
Hats off to for an amazing CherryBlast party.
DC needs more of that!
obviously not payin attention in geometry...
I didn't until I IMDB'd it.
Good call.
Anymore brain busters?
Can't cheat.
No
so cute
the struggle.
Street protests across europe over ACTA.
Totally not being covered by US News.
your credibility continues to erode
somebodyonmytimeline has a professorle picture taken in the bathroom mirror...wait more like everyone on my timeline
working from home in my jammies.
And I still believe, that everyone can find a song for every time they've lost and every time they've won...
who is watching right now I am
Playing an open mike is a lot like landing a plane.
If you can walk away from it, it was a success.
I miss u, Bo Peep!
Nice OOH work in Charlotte  your board sounds great!
haha I saw that but wasn't gonna say anything!!!
:
Largest Marine Corps Exchange Open For Business
TEDxNYED the reason to study other cultures is to understand the box your culture puts you in.
I wish every weekend could be like the last.
Perfect park and rooftop weather!
:
Hope I get I see my love tomorrow
thank you
If I were a lame...
Can the Mets EVER win on my birthday!?
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Summer homework should be banned :P
It is GRAY here in New England today.
First real of snow of the season over the weekend has me in a holiday mood.
:
well, them Knicks seem to have a real good chance.
of playing 3 more gms this season
We all knew this would happen!
RT : Blonde Redhead has canceled tonight due to an illness in the band.
Sorry!
Which is your favorite American Songbook Holiday Tune?
Windy City Cowboys at yesterday, show tunes at Sidetrack today.
Gayest weekend I've had in a while.
i fucking love you and im glad you came back to schol....
cause i was going to walk to your house to get you!!!
just got censored by ...beware this management team and do not buy into this group ......
I want to have a SexyParty!
great!!
I've seen the show 6 times yet I've still never seen you go on!
Anyone want to join for some wine and pro/con list making tonight?
Well first of all, you were rather impolite to me first, sir.
The delegation consisted of teachers, principals and department of education managers from around South Korea.
RT : Ian and I are so glad you liked it!
you guys just killed it.
i gave up 2 hours of valuable i don't sleep b/c I have a newborn time...
and it was well worth it.
Planning my trip to NYC: excited to visit the Ratti textile Center at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
RT : Q7: when attending performance show, do u attend known companies or smaller?
Attended Dave Krieg talk at NCU today.
Krieg had some great stories.
RT Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Thanks!
Appreciate it!
You're amazing 3
RT four letter word not to use in a relationship: NEED
I love this kid 3
you can't see it, but I'm making a sad panda face right now that I can't be there.
hm you kno lol .......you and your scooter lol
Yep.
THE mister Tae Bo is being massaged by Peter.
I was introduced and froze!
'Let it Be'...
latest addition to my remastered Beatles CD collection.
Rediscovering all the Beatles goodness that I grew up with.
:
This is going to be a crazy week....
Worried about your teen texting and doctorving?
Join me for a event tomorrow at 10A to learn about a new service that can STOP it
so what's her name isabelle fanner from canada?
Or Olivia Castalia from salt lake?
oliviacastalia
The Avengers rocked my world.
I highly recommend this movie.
Noncomic geeks will still find this movie accessible.
Fans will also enjoy.
Nice to meet Mike of Mike Wells Mastering last night over a beer, looking forward to mastering this record soon!
got that right,you reminded me I got to get it cover lol

today and everyday I am so grateful to know you!
Wondering if this is a Mac issue?
I'll have to give it another go on campus tomorrow.
It's just frustrating me right now.
So, Lone Star, now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Why are people so intent on playing ANY formation?
There's a time and place for everything.
Yeah, supposedly Beth can't compete  Nikki Bella is gonna have a mystery opponent :P Kharma Kharma Kharma Kharma!
wow!
took me forever, but thanks for the follow friday!!
hope you have a marvelous thanksgiving.
How long until Target girl singin Adele gets a record deal??
Headed to Chicago Monday  anyone have free Cubs tickets they want to dump for Monday night?
What an awesome day in DC!
Literally zero patience tonight for the rowdy little kids I teach....
Zero.
The MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures!
People want an education in digital!
Think forgot about me!
What was the one issue?
I am getting one on Thursday.
Oliver Wood is trending.
Oh, the memories.
Awesome performance last night at Nighttown.
Incredible ensemble.
You've got a new fan...maybe many more...here this morning.
Jim
Just beat at marvel vs capcom 3
RT Saying I'm fine when you're not, it's nothing when it's everything, I'm done when you know you still wanna try.
I actually got a sunburn today...
and I'm completely okay with it.
BRING ON SPRING!!
Lol RT : Let's start a new hashtag TWP tweet while pooping come on let's get tweet while pooping trending who else
you think seattle will be a suprise team in the nfc west this year?
someone to be rekoned with?
hahahahahah you're going straight to hell lmao
but ye, in all serious tho, hate boys
hey can you follow my personal account?.
April Fools!!
Will be at Jazzbah tomorrow evening with NMPRSA for our Holiday Social.
I've been waiting to check it out  excited!
6pm Saturday, Webster Hall.
Not asking anything for them.
You interested?
so when are you gonna hook me up with some seats like that?
The appeal of the bowtie is simple.
Less fabric  less fuss.
I can wear them cycling, motorcycling, and yes working
When someone compliments you or your kids have MANNERS an sa thank you damn bio home training
i have said that quote so much in the past 3 days..
also  there's no Sergios Sign.
They left the previous bar sign up which I believe says Fusion...

I'm beginning to think your New Years Resolution was to never post on Twitter again.
We miss you buddy!
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
funny talking boners with you today.
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
Mahomie 2
dies at Austin and Alex's conversation
Seriously.
We need some runs ASAP
heyy!
Tell him o kik me
I need some new idea's for new POLLS OF THE WEEK!!!!
Tweet your idea's for a Poll or Email your idea's to .
THANKS!
:
So its really nice outside today.
Who's trying to actually go do something fun?
For once.
lol how'd you make the a's like that??
Thanks!
Hope to go out on auditions soon!
Must recommend: Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, opening soon in San Diego.
Check reality at the door and enjoy.
Do you want your organization to play a role in the NLD initiative?
Sign your org up today at www.nationallabday.org
Mass invasion of the pitch...
Divorce doctorma Reveals Phil Ivey made 920,000 a Month from Tiltware
Sweet, see you in a bit with our new daughter : She is 12 days old today!
:

I hope she knows that the year is almost over
as a local it's hard to enjoy sxsw without some kind of bullshit to sell the tourists.
Rhyming n rapping r 2 different things,
Thanks!
Spread the word about us  keep checking in on my tweets I'm going to share new lyrics when I get more followers!
New MW3 Elite maps now available.
yay!
And now for this break ...to make hot buttered popcorn.

I'm hungry af af.
Hungry ain't even the word.
Going to be in Orlando Florida any time soon?
Engagement  entertainment are different.
And you need both.
Jim Newcomb, Dir of Brand Management  Advertising at Boeing
Livin' out my doctoram, people still sleepin'
Thanks again to all of our fans for coming out last night.
It was awesome getting out feet wet at Vaudeville Cabaret.
Jesus Take The Wheel in My Life....
:
IWantToPunchPeopleWho wake me up from good sleep!
Awww.
Don't give up and put your head in the sand, though.
Embrace the ostrich in you.
OK I couldn't type that w/a str8 face
Next winter in SF?
You're moving?
Traveling always puts me in a cultural studies state of mind.
Modernity is when you go to the next town  see that stuff is different there.
thanks for the info though, reporting from KCRA 3.
I think this is the World Hockey Championships, but the ice in Helsinki is roughly the size of Waukesha County.
Last but not least, thanks to all of our fans who stopped by the booth and came out to the shows.
We love you!
To Shirim listeners at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org  with about 5 inches of snow in our area we won't be on the air with the show tonight 
last night i went to my friends house which was fun we watched the pens game then hung out til like 1am
The sportage down and out?
Need a rental
Goodnight twit fam.
I'll b back on my tweet game 2mor
it is never ok to not wear a bra in public, bye
HFMA has released new set of MAP keys/metrics to help hospitals/physicians track financial performance over time
HI NEW HOME IN CA
need to turn a fan on in this hizzhouse but my bronchioles are too inflamed
Still looking for unusual masturbation techniques  I'll keep it anon, just wanna hear the juicy stuff.
Pls RT
omg i had a nightmare last night : it was about coco!
You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ.
: Wasn't arguing.
Just wondering.
Fans don't seem to be acknowledging there might be a trade off.
I don't know.
Where do you doctorw the line?
Songs they use bad words?
okay but you better vote for me: haha
Thunder rock and thunder roll.
Tomorrow is 4/20 how perfect for beer olympics teamjamaica 
Good morning, afternoon, or evening...
:
Going to bed so tired.
nah im good, whats changing my haircut gonna do for me?
Lol its not gonna change my life lol
Twelve twelve 3 am
Just went grocery shopping at Bed Bath  Beyond.
Fuck society.
You have to show them how it can enhance their students' learning but also how it can make their life a little easierwin,win!
damn, it was still early, like 9pm,nobody was doctornking, then dan started, which mean I had to.
YOU GOTTA DO SHOTS WITH DAN, HE NEVER doctorNKS!
Are you serious?
Help us out and retweet our last tweet and let's bombard local tv so they know all about us!
Hope everybody had a Happy Easter!
:
megadeath has been pretty weak ever since they decided heavy metal music videos should incl.
extreme winter sports.
You are the epitome of an illiterate douche bag hick.
Your family needs a bit more chlorine in that gene pool.
she's not leavin!!!
Watching the cars pass by is somewhat soothing.
Mona and Noel are so cute together and hes soo hot !!!
33
come hang out with me
Startn 100 Day Live The Life Challenge!!
Plan 2 reach major goals in my life personally, professorssionally  socially w/i the next 100 days!
One of San Diego's most notorious murders was the subject of another court hearing, I'll have the story on Michael Crowe at 4
love the idea of the Vision!
I'm a big believer in Vision Boards.
If my storage locker is sold on Storage Wars, the door will open to reveal a box of dusty hustlers from 1988
I still don't believe you lol.
Any who did you enjoy the ass whoopin?
What's with the attack on Latinos in the first place?
Secondly, why no correction for your error on Latino UE?
but I've always been me :
right now, calling it a twisted knee.
No time table yet.
lane is very old
Praying for this little boy with a brain tumor.
It makes me feel even more blessed right now
wifi in homeroom is prime
Thanks for following :D
that's the plan.
Oh...wait a minute...you don't think she'll like tacky.
LOL Better rethink my shopping strategy.
Holtzman: two categories.
Specialized gestures for specialized app should have exclusivity.
Consumers need standard, uniform experiences.
Best thing i've heard all day...The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese!
Appreciate it
he came out right after he got done playing
Let's hope not Ryan!
RT : I know imma go crazy today lol
I would really appreciate / love a Google invite if anyone could spare.
Dumanis says she's not going to stand up here and give you a bunch of bull.
Says she's tough and will make tough decisions.
their not worth it is they cant be smart enough to not doctornk:
Im freezing :/
Your sexy and you know it?
More like your slutty and you blow it!
hello how are ya doing todayy
In truth, Maddy only stayed there for about a minute.
She sit on Harry every day, but that's the only time she's rested her 
Never say never.
Go Lehighyou have heart.
Yes I am watching March Madness and it is.
:

I certainly do, and I actually get paid for it!
Excited to be workin the Southernhoopsreport event wit and and goodhoopin 
Going to bed...
Night3
Sure.
Read Steve Scafidi's poem Latitudes of Desire and have students compose their own poem following Blacksburg VA's lat.
line.
