Celebrate spring w/ live music, complimentary wine  appetizers on The Bakken Museum's beautiful outdoor terrace!
www.thebakken.org
I think I'm just going to start rumors about reunion shows and will them into existence.
Old creeper walkin down the aisle and I have no clue what he said Some1TellMe!!
glad u enjoyed the John Williams.
Glad we made ur lunch more enjoyable!
Thanks for listening.
RT : How are you going green for EarthDay?
Tell us and you could win these ecofriendly goods from !
Rules:...
So, the grand total of the Personal Details section: Height.
Hmmppfftt.
Did u pass
i hate the wait.
prefer the direct injection from the dot com.
Kick it out only if you can't make the shot!
PS I think you are Great!!

RT : I don't care if they pay you in Trident gum OJ , don't you leave us!
Hope your week is going well!
the pursuit of happiness starts within.
Too many times we look to others or situations to make us happy when it's really your own choice!
Sacha Baron Cohen is a tool.
I get making a statement but he's just an ass.
tell the boys I miss them!
Cp3 rips everyone I swear
Thanks for the retweet, this is vital information!
It tends to do that from time to time.
Not really sure why.
heard about you through VIP.
You need a designer huh?
Want to get coffee soon and chat?
wow...so much packed into that little 2tweet story.
greatness.
No man is an island.
Those who believe they are tend to be deserted.
you are such an inspiration to me!!!
when im upset i just watch the videos with you in them and you make me smile!
thanks3
at least Verlander's throwing in triple digits.IN THE 9TH
1.
Open fridge.
Nothing to eat.
2.
Open pantry.
Nothing to eat.
3.
Lower standards.
4.
Repeat.
we are!
;D
look at my fancy Accord dude!
I was overseas in Europe.
So I missed it.
I can imagine.
Throwback uni's for the Jays and the blacks on the
Connor just needs to turn and talk to maci!!!
Had a blast at Sweet Georgia's Juke Joint on P'tree!
Check it out.
why is it that the mistress is always busted looking?
Do something that makes you feel great tonight, as long as it doesnt hurt anybody
Lol what's the point of a team if half the kids only play 5 minutes per game LOL OK I hate sports, happy I quit soccer
Peach Cutoff and redbull...
Yeah...
I think I got a new doctornk.
This shit good AF....
are you taking Valium?
If you are like me, that made everything worse.
rocketfizz delivery to the studio, that's how you start the morning!
So glad the rain has held out for the game.
Go Yankees!!!
It is amazing how two imperfect people, Fit together so perfectly 3
Wynnicism 5: It amazes me sometimes how contagious ignorance is.
What about Love?...and Patience and Understanding???
I think being ...
I meant to say have a fun day!
I think I might love her as well.
you'll be missed ;
Look some one understands RT : hell no I'm 18 and watch regular show all the time
Y'all knoe I been COLEWORLD bt that doctornk in cup freestyle was pissy!!
Jus like work out
Love that POTUS recognizes value of community colleges for our improved economy.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Jim Morrison
ThatPerfectMoment when you think you have had the worst day ever and then you see his face and it suddenly becomes the best day ever
RnBThrowBacks Rkelly bump  grind
Congrats to Ryan Gentry on his 3rd place finish and nice score at harrah's rincon.
thx, you too!
I haven't lost faith.
The next episode, for sure
3 more day for mothers day
Classic Slice North Ave is 1 today!!!
Come celebrate with us!
Double punches on slice and pie cards tonight 5close!
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young, big boobs :
Telljimmy to stfu joshua deserves full credit and killed the whole show last nite
You are dangerously close...but ultimately wrong.
Keep guessing, fella.
ya no problem anytime man!
just heard Tulo is supposed to be on Intentional Talk tomorrow  MLB Network
Good Morning wishing everyone a happy Friday.
Please don't forget to visit www.thecoupondeal.com for the latest offers.
Why I hate Facebook Brilliant.
Fuck Facebook.
Deleted my account this past Saturday.
Watching a reporter in Annapolis on CNN...I'm worried about my East Coast people!
The vodka bout to start flowing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER
looking out the window then WHO'S WATCHING THE ROAD!
LOL!
Bounce Sporting Club  present The Kick Off NFL doctorft Party 4/24/12 Sounds by Launch of
Thanks for joining me here from
they are definitely overpriced.
I didn't know you cant set the optimal power, that's just silly
So excited for game 7!!!
blueandyellow BABY!!!!!!
ah that sucks!
..
what is plan for tomoz...
noon?
Hair appointment tomorrow: considering trading in my caramel highlights for garnet ones.
Yay or nay?
my site stats have becom my therapist: anne raquel trubek fishing for compliments I'll get you back, !
Canada: Justin Bieber.
Australia: Cody Simpson.
UK: One Direction.
USA: ?
Got my graduation doctorss today:
the next person that says if and not when the zombie apocalypse happen is going to get cut
Didn't know about it!
Thanks!
We'll try to check it out and pass on the info!
Merci!
What is MentorTech Ventures?
My tweets are not for you to judge.
I tweet my thoughts for myself, your welcome for granting you permission to listen.
I want to go home.
such a solid album!!!!
Yeah, giving the ball to Mario Chalmers to shoot it makes COMPLETE SENSE there
Aye now that's my song turn that up lol but sit down
not at that moment I did do a bunch at christmas...
I'm jealous of every girl that has ever hugged him.
Because for that short second, she held my whole entire world.
Summer Show: Company Shorts.
Finally all cast.
1st readthroughs this week.
Very exciting!!!
Get ur tix: www.theatrecompany.biz
The good news is Jesus is back.
The bad news is he uses your and you're incorrectly.
Just heard my teacher say homesexual ahahhahaha
I've had a lot of help along the way thanks to you!
If you love someone don't let them go just too see if they come back because they might find someone else who holds them down
If everyone were able to fix whats wrong with themselves and not worry about whats wrong with others,the world would be better.
hanging with my baddest bitch !!!
awww thank you : brought a : to the muse today :  Aoede 
Would you get in trouble for saying dirty things?
lol
Getting so stoked for the  concert with  !!
Extra stoked 's goin!
RT : follow back...DONE!
No rain on our parade  the Wash.
Met library opens in 30 minutes!
yea that's what all the over weight americans say...even though I know your not ;
has 20 wine bottles all night long.
Would you be interested in these kinds of specials for the shastic Beta?
I tried for the first time a few weeks ago and now I'm addicted.
Delicious!
weekends like that make me miss college
I like my MacBook Pro, but it's nice to be back to three monitors.
Sen.
Ron replied to some online petition I signed with a boilerplate full of teahadist talking points.
Does that count?
off of the shots fired soundtrack radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.
you crazy.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
smh such a disappointment .!
Slow ashh.
Nigga lol if u listen to asap rocky u listen to kendoctorck lemar
I missed it, I was away and wasn't able to see it.
Incredible story, can't believe they play a whole game.
Why does Jello have a smell when you add the powder in the water,
is addictive.
I can't stop adding things to my wishlist...
k ill meet u in the auditorium
I like seriously hate everyone in my class, like I can't tolerate anyone, like stfu you're not funny, you're annoying.
: okay wow i dont feel loved ALL me brothers and my sister want me dead.im ur cuzin and i dont wanna you dead
I believe im a redneck
GOP Rep: Federal Student Loans Have Given America 'Stage 3 Cancer Of Socialism' huffpost Maybe this guy can get Stage 4
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
well everything is back : .
right lmao yo i got scared, and it take alot to scare me.
RT : RelationshipsRequire sacrifice, commitment and leverage.
Not all about you or them, it is about you both.
Equally.
: Vote for Alonzo Jones aka TURF TeamTurf and hit for direct TURF info.
Retweet 
If you a make a sale you make a living.If you make an investment of time in a customer, you can make a fortune Jim Rohn
hey now!!
OHIO!!
no the guy was like 40!
j.cole
At We lik to party.
Kum vibe with the prettiest bartender...
Me!
Lolz
Already saw my first proton pack.
Now off to a party!
I'm fine.
Wbu?
How was everyone's weekend?
Mine was ballin', I tried my luck learning how to jerk on Thanks for teaching me !
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 03:30 PM

those who do are in the restricted section anyway MT : Nobody likes pain for its own sake is a pretty good start to a TOS.
good call.
Just switched it over.
: So much hate I need AK!
Say ye say ye
Spent the evening at , engaging in critical conversations about the future of education :
Im never really that insane...
Unless someone steals my heart...
Bout 2 inbox u my number mama!!!
Got to get ready and write down my many questions to ask the post office.
So many different shipping plans to consider.
People who spam need to realize that nobody is looking at their newest banger or dope video.
Take time to actually network.
This is ugly.
Marshall better slap some composure into the team at halftime, or we're going to see that 12/5 upset in the next hour.
Frown.
maybe Buenos Aires.
Come on, the Chapter 11 Theater line was fantastic.
SO CLOSE CAN YOU FEEL IT?
Why wouldn't we save the captainin for your birthday and doctornk incredible hulks for the Avengers?
Howdy, work partner!
Hope you're enjoying your Friday!
happy Easter to you too I miss our jam sessions
I approve.
: Beer makes an appearance in my slide deck as well.
ugh, I totally just got sucked into watching The Kardashians
Lost a lot, but a lot of that weight was lean muscle mass.
Good mental exercise.
I recommend doing it once to see your patterns
that's how I'm feeling too.
Let's continue to focus on writing instruction.
Indeed  RT : Always stay close to fam!
Girlfriend, Boyfriend  Friend all have END in them!
Family is forever!
tter, couldn't get there: Hope u enjoyed  made some connections!
Watching Tina Marie....wow hard to believe she's gone.
its cool I've stayed in different places but I plan on moving to Florida in the nxt couple of years
is great to follow  very active in the Twitter sphere
Damn, Riley almost screwed up!
That was a cop on her massage table!!
Lol
what's your favorite song from them?
Great second day at school!
Shower time :
glad you made it home safely!
Why are you being harsh and embarrassed about it.
Own it, live it, don't be shy or you're just frontin'
all she did was stand up for herself and now you call her someone that's being a boss to you?!
yeah no, you gtfo, not her.
Of course.
You and Greg will be invited.
: Love you both.
think I just felt an earthquake for real
It's NBC Miami that's reporting that D.
Rose injury..
Think I'll wait to hear it from espn..cause that sounds like miamis wet doctoram
This cats dad is fucking killing me rite now!
Lmmfao!
my 6 yr old niece: grandpa are you a player?
Grandma: yes, he's a women player!, , HAPPY SATURDAY
I gotta see the landing strip  REAL TEARS
New Thursday night starts this week called Bangers and Mash Launch Party April 30 with doctorp the Lime  SSL
Do what makes you happy, do what you need to do to 'create' a smile.
game back on!
RT : Luckily I'm in Florida getting back to my ways
OMG that photo
I'll spread the word.
:
I sure love musicals too!
All effective innovations are the result of passionate simplification in design, processes and procedures.
cost?
who cares, you can finance ur 24 flash spinners for only 2500 each!!
what'd u do to ur facebook?
You're not alone, friend!
Welcome to my world fuck yo girl i am legendary.
I'm tired.
doctorw something night at work
yes NCL Pearl w/blt in Germany he w/aboard 4C testing
25 is good.
But ill be 22 forever.
good morning
watching true blood with my friends...this show is getting a lil silly now.
:
wise words.
: sleep
yep, we don't do that in the Mil lol
Fave purchase: Intellectual Freedom Fighter bag from the Unshelved guys 
I'm new in town.
What's one Portland holiday tradition/place I shouldn't miss this year?
its all in what you do with your thoughts when they come to you..
however they come to you..
or however you can get them to come to you
Have you checked out Wine Vault's Thurs  Fri bargain menus?
Great 3course meal at 20 plus 12 wine flight.
Can't be beat for quality.
4hb just works.
Boring but effective
Just tweeted herbe back 1:15
already have written about that one several times.
I'm looking for a 1 bedoctorom guest house/apartment for me.
Preferably in the Studio City, NoHo, Sherman Oaks  surrounding areas.
Msg me!
i will never kno what hes thinking when he looks at me that way hahaa
you don't have to thank me your fire!!!
; so thank you!!!
YOU ARE SO AWESOME!
QoTD: Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Excited For New Jonas Album 36
watching THE INN KEEPERS and really enjoying it!
First act, stopped to make pop corn...
whats wrong with YOU?????
Welcome to Twitter !
Can't wait to hear more about your dating experiences!
Why you acting tough, heard you work at Build A Bear
Great advice.
which time are you talking about?
You cried twice
just log in to the one you don't want, go to account settings and delete!
you didn't bother me.
Thanks for letting me know what you are up to.
I can still pass along info despite my tastes.
Cheers
Fun day on console with hoping for a successful test of some of our hardware.
Cross fingers!
: No reason to complain about anything when God gives you another day of life.
Always be grateful!
All 7 contestants remaining r good  didn't bother me to see Jessica almost go home.
Veto is gone  next week should be fun.
I hope u ready!
I'm ready to see nicki minaj in concert!
I miss you too!
When are you coming to Dallas?
when you getting up here son ?
Hello : hows your vacation?
x
Concha y Toro is the World's Most Admired Wine Brand for the 2nd year running, according to a survey by
are questioning his awesomeness
USHLI Thanks and to Col Peggy combs for their leadership and support.
Can't stand it
RT You just can't beat the person who won't give up.
Babe Ruth
yep.
I lose myself before the concert even starts.
But on a serious note...I'm actually more excited for the doggie olympics.
second now should be not
Tonight I will stay up all night just to vote for :D Even though I have school tomorrow ...
it's alright
I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
RT .
THIS SATURDAY!!!
MCFADDENS IS HOSTING RASHAD EVAN'S UFC AFTER PARTY!!!!
true its no disaster he's great but if you close your eyes and listen, i take ms houston.
and def not dolly parton 
Fuck bitches, get .
ask  She's a pro at gluten free and she is an amazing pastry chef!
Me: I can never spell necessary.
Him: Why would you need to?
Me: I find necessary a very necessary word.
Guarantee turn a square into a bi bitch..
A Kentucky wildcat fan4 ever go big blue
flashing foam sticks tonight?!?
Russell got in a fight?!
This past week have enjoyed 3 Canadian brands in NYC  , , and  go Canada!
IT  Web Business Info
You know you had a fun night when you wake up with a burrito in your pocket!
going to TJs tomorrow.
Thanks for the tip!
Going to be a long offseason for Kyle Williams
Is anyone going to the TimMcGraw and LadyAntebellum concert tonight?
get us some followers
SometimesAllAGirlWants to be reminded that you want her happy.

Chat with artist Kristin Lucas today noon, at 1100 East 5th.
Summit Park Hospital and Nursing Care Center may be forced to close
The world gonna end this year:our mixtapes gotta b like Bibles :
Ron Swanson is my copilot.
Nash, Rivers, Bucks' staff take home PBWA honors
The fear of failure is perhaps the greatest hindoctornce to success.
At this point, I'm thinking I want to take more public policy  finance/stats classes if I can.
We create the best hashtags!
:
But why should they if you're gonna namecall her for how she chooses to doctorss?
Got that right!
I'm done with the soy whip in the can because it NEVER works.
Keep believing that, dear.
Amazon is currently running a promotion on my book Dogs I Have Met.
Kindle edition is just 3.99; sales rank is 377 out of all titles.
I think I may develop gossip withdoctorwal from you,
I love the fact that gamers have a night to celebrate.
I never dove into Diablo, but believe me when I say I'm stoked you guys are happy.
bod is so sore from last nights dance moves
Whoa!
Usually people don't wake up from doctorams like that.
Congrats :

thanks.
It's only getting bigger sadly lol.
If you don't like the negative thoughts in your mind, think the opposite!!!
lol yeeeaa dude im workin late but im gunna try and make it up there to get shitty real quick wit you guys.
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.
Rumi
NFB GO FOLLOW HIM.
WE DO THIS MUSIC ISH.
Its Already 2012 In New Jersey?!
Its Barley 9:07 Here in LA!!
:O
oh really?
it just recently showed up for me for some reason :P
Great!
So happy you had a great time
An ad: online treatment for internet addictionJ.
Sorry, had to be done.
My love for His Bidenness is a BFD.
The Notorious T.O.M.
visited mater academy last night
It's National Bagel Day!
What is the best bagel topping?
Free ticket giveaway at the next FreshCoastFridays.
Come out tomorrow from 610p at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill for your chance to win.
NF the ONE n ONLY SEXY !
Buying fruit for my boys soccer game.
Dude at the sto spoke arabic, spanish, and english
God know my heart, and He know I'm a work in progress...oh yeah, you suck at Bejeweled, step your game up or hush up.
Happy Friday every body!!
Whats good how can I get one of my artist down with the team check him out
Mention you support TCC when you grab a bite at , , , , 
Style sheet gem from Joe Abbott: socalled  quotation marks  overkill.
Authors and unrepentant ironists, take notice.
Oh snap they got a basketball wives CHICAGO YAY YAY!!!!!!
Great!
I look forward to it.
my life is ruined.
Them Lewis chessmen are really something, especially the berserker one, who bites his shield b/c he's so eager to fuck someone up.
One of the dogs is taking up half the couch.
She allows me the other half.
Get ready to get Whipped this week as we bring you to this Saturday Night!!!
How cool!
Wish there were an unabridged version where he gets to adventure more on the upper level before getting caught.
Runway is on mind...really thinking about it!
Lol!
Syracuse has a lot of white guys on their team, then there are the guys who play.
I need to get studio time and a model before friday.
ugh
the human brain operates as fast as the slowest brain cell
the stock hit the 1,80's 3 times, 1.90's once.
Hitting my above short term target 4 times.
Lady Antebellum announced that their OWN THE NIGHT 2012 WORLD TOUR will be in VA BEACH at FARM BUREAU LIVE AT VIRGINIA BEACH on Sunday 6/10
at least the employee who delivered the baby got the rest of the day off.
Socialism!
oomf is a fool with it lmao wow
i fucks with it!!!!
Really don't want to vacuum my room.
Though I know I should.
Looking for some playmakers...
A guy like you should wear a warning!
Computers are a necessary evil  it is difficult to go an entire day without one.
whos going to the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix Arizona?
I'm planning to.
:
Had a good day.
Been working my ass off all week.
I have pushed product this week!
Damnit, I'm late
love you too.
pacoforpresident incase you bitches didn't already know!!
Merry Christmas 2009 Everyone!!
Tweet Tweet
and rest351, could you provide examples from the text to support this statement?
:
happy birthday to Spike Lee
A WISE MIND IS WELL WOKEN SO IT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF
FArthritis thanks for following me on Twitter!
or walk walking might be safer.
I only count my blessings when I remember that I've never taken a religious person seriously.
My butt does, in fact, get cold sometimes.
I can relate to butt ass cold.
Follow for her birthday 2day to get her to 300 followers!
3
omg, you totally made me laugh out loud with that one.
We are lookin for independent and/or unsigned country music artists  bands!
If you are one  would like music reviewed, contact us!!
True but Im going to error on the side of the technicals which look bearish to me
I know like they already came to our house.
My mom is just hard headed
We love you too!
Congrats Big Time Rush!
94 on my anatomy final today too!!
: how about you?
Charlotte is a mess she needs to stop !
Playing on my violin for the first time in like, 6 years.
Yeah I still know how!
I never win 50/50 either : : I'm not playing the 50/50 here anymore.
Oranges are hitting the pitch.
Hopefully my sore muscles loosen up quickly
Taking my advise you would be hedged or very short in equities now.
Rolling shorts make money even in up markets.
This is the BEAR
You are welcome
RT : Do you know an AASL member who has recently received an award or been spotlighted in an article?
Let us know!
Email .
The world is a vampire
I see yout Twitter has gotten a lot of followers in a short time frame.
We need more families like the Hammers.
talking in person 
let interview you for representing westernPa.
and Pittsburgh in www.viewsandvoices.com!
I'll check it out, Kathy.
el punto es que sea realtime y no por el Twitter,que sea como una conversacion
oh Joe...that was deep!!!!
OMG WHEN?!
WE MUST HANG OUT WHILE YOURE HERE
Childbirth is hard for women, but what about kid?
Baby's head is smushed.
It looks like this.
Takes 24 hrs to round out.
Thaz long day
Oh snap!!
Way to get em WVU :
And how many realize that's what it will take?
...and how many are even willing to do that?
Sigh.
It just seems hopeless.
Yeah She's good girl...
Please protect her : 
Don't be mad at me cause you can't get right
Just hit me I get to see and Dan P.
in a little over a week.
Havent been this excited since 3 days ago when I found my fav lip gloss
hi!
How the heck r u?
Where r u now?
How's life?
We miss u in SD!
Cause I always thought no matter what a smile could make you stay.
Omg!
Robert stop!
Your gonna make me fall in love3
on my way to get my Harry Potter tickets!
WOO HOO!!
Scot Lehigh: Tim Cahill was incredibly ambitious but he was somewhat ethically oblivious.
There needs to be accountability.
There's a reason...
I don't believe in reasons.
PLEASURE IS ALL MINE!!!!!
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one.
Sincerely, Stop being racist.
: Ayes 68, Nayes 31  VAWA was just passed by the Senate!
now on to the House.
immigration Excellent news, but 31 no votes?

All good things must come to an end.
I disagree.
There goes your overall 1 seed with 22 points at the half, lol.
What a terrible first half.
: Banging that Ol dipset double album down the I 95 classicmemories lovely times
Couldn't sleep at all last night.
Thanks for the follow, Tom.
Like what is going on with MPR's DailyCircuit.
Like to hear from more Europeans  local and abroad.
WHATS THE POINT OF WEARING NEW SHOES IF U GONE PUT SOME OLD DINGY MIXMATCH SOCKS ON???
Fast five is my favorite one thus far
Editing the video trailer for my book with my brother the filmmaker.
Soon to come!
Jamming out to with and !
:D Omg its soo amazingg !
3
Can not wait to join the Y!
Seen on CNN there is a new smart phone App being introduced that anyone with in 150 ft of each other can see each others photos.
Creepy!!!
THANK YOU.
Wonderful news, IT'S NOT BROKEN.
God is so good and we are SO thankful.
Thanks for your prayers.
Love it.
I loved your tips on making Homework time easier for kids with ADHD
Bruce Nelson, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
At the diner 3 blocks away, I didn't feel the earthquake that emptied out  everyone else at our Queens bldg.
Weird!
If yesterday's parties were not enough for you and you plan on partying through the weekend dont forget to restock the fun juice!
doctornkin' alize with cereal for breakfast
who the fuck are u
people ate the fish too.
Ewwwwww.
What's yo fantasy?
slow day, made slower by powerpointing
Dude, I know I had an awesome time!
BREAKING: Colorado House speaker says lawmakers reach impasse on civil unions bill; legislation dies.
shucks.....
just trying to Rep the burque..
u coming back in March?
Den I get dis random restricted call n to no who called, is a big shok.
I'm n aww n like it must be a set up
Writers  UNOILUVU.
So muchI want you to hook up w/ literary agents/editors 2 get published
the first hour was a lot better than I expected but he tanked terribly near the end.
Not his fault though, awful skits.
Bail bonds.
When you care enough to help someone who was having an awesome weekend but crossed the line.
Oops.
Good morning dirtbags.
Remember, before you go crying to the chief about our dirty police work, we can still kill you and get away with it.
Wow.
I'm sure will be at the NY tour stop.
RT : Journey with Benatar/Loverboy??!!
SO THERE!!
I Am nt tryin to b ur wife...
YET in the next 5 to 10 years if im nt married then i will give up on men
I detest community bathrooms.
Need to stay married, so sadly won't make the trip.
Spending soccer wknd away card in Montreal this wknd for IMFCRBNY!
Waking up to good morning texts :
It sounds like people walking on a path, waves.
More waves.
Oh wait.
Those are gun shots.
Lots of gun shots.
Me, listening to a rap tape.
Oh sorry.....thought the government took that program over too, Boss
The Weave SNATCHER '' cool Name
MT : That Twitter only goes so far, and the time has come for a conference on musesocial.
Set the table.
I will send them.
Thanks!
Good morning!!
How are you?
I'm kinda tired so I'm going to hit SUBWAY for breakfast and coffee.
Join me!
.
How about this for our brewery?
ConfessionTime i want another ymcmb song, all together again,like 'bed rock' omg
: No doctorke, I'm da best.
Best he ever had.
Lmao 3
RT  Taylor will sign a oneday contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on Friday.
At end of legislative session, without ever holding public hearing, legislators voted to reduce nursing care standards for FL nursing homes
I know you like to avoid negativity but when do we start worrying about Diem?
Are Link or Rietz comp  RT going into next year?
K nevermind, figured it out :
Thank you!!
Will this be the second one?
I loved the first one!
Checking out the new album from 22 y.o.
saxophonist Hailey Niswanger...1st time I've heard her  I like what I hear so far
Can't wait until Sun to see the ParadeofLights?
Watch ABC's Makeover where we put 1 together for a deserving family in Aug
It amazes me how often my mom and I wear similar clothes or colors.
Olive green skirt/shorts and white tank/tee today
hope you're having fun in KS and the very cool ICT!
So...
You're telling me that you dont want to invest in a car wash business???
omg : soo cutee 3 yeah haha you guys matched, you look cute what you talking about .
Follow for some great social justice reporting from Guilford College students in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Gotta call my crazy ass momma tomorrow
uhMaazing love it : it makes cute lil R2 noises when you turn it off/on nerdgeek
brewers win!
T plush!
AMAZING use of the macro filter!
Latest poll in Portland Mayor's race suggests 30 of female voters have yet to make up their mind.
Paul not Weller
And they weren't about Dick Clark!
some fun, some not so much....
Tweeted pic of me at party...
You will see what I look like...
Ha!
new web site!
www.nejm.org
Watching Doomsday Preppers and decided that instead of prepping for the end of the world, I'd rather enjoy life today.
Generators ate noisy and inform the enemy; solar much quieter : strategic advantage
Packers pick Nick Perry good choice
Yup, twitter lost our account and our 17,000 followers!!!
We are starting fresh.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow.
Happy to
Pat Summit to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor our country has to offer.
Well deserved.
Surprisingly common conversation at gencon sales booth: We are sold out of all our 3X shirts, but we have a mountain of smalls
bring her with you is alicia right
don't think you can go back:They got their commission.It's all good.
Inform new agent of conflict.
You were great,they renewed
Watson will solve the riddle on my blog May 13 if nobody else does first
It's never too latein fiction or in lifeto revise.
Nancy Thayer
What stops innovation from flowing from the developing world to the rest?
Hubris.
I think Im gonna kill someone, Im not losing him!
EVER/3 I can feel my heart breaking..
:
ok so fuck everybody and all ur ideas ...Fresh lol
WTF Wednesday at Davenport Lounge SA Right Now!
make us proud u.s ladies
pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
Are we living?
Or are we just a figment of imagination.
Boy, you havent been around me long enough.
I know exactly how to talk when trying to get hired or even get an app.
at the hospital.
looks like baby is coming.
changed my avatar, hope you mamas are having fun out there!
Chai latte this morning, yummy!
Pretty rattled for hitting the bucciovertimechallenge on the head and getting no love
Do you have Ms.
Johnson second period??
Slow walkers....those suck
Cucina Toscana is amazing!
I live in SLC  am cyberstalking altsummit I work a block from Grand America so might sneak in!
Restless night.
got a rocking gig lined up at Sat 12th Novemeber.
Grab a burger and rock out to the best 80's cover band in LA!
O, catches kiss ;
So did Wisconsin gain or lose jobs?
lol don't worry about it
By being able to provide environmental professorssionals with the documents they need your Phase I ESA will meet its deadline
Check out Quest mode on GoogleMaps...
Makes the map look like an old video game...
Guess that's their AprilFools joke
The love fern is dead...
No hunny its just sleeping
Add me to the list!
Can't wait!
MT 's Want to see live tweets from ISConf attendees?
Just reply to us!
Thank You!
Happy WW to all!
Congress says When we fail to successfully educate on the frontend, we all fail on the backend
I'm seriously hoping she does!
Can't stand her annoying persona
Dear michigan..
The game started at 4pm..
Just thought you should know, your friends at
Graduate with March.
:
unless I am hail marrying a shot because everyone else is to tall.
Ha.
a little jealous your in Cali!
Hope you do well!
Bad news arrives with Browns rookies at minicamp
alright then i will just do that
: I'm gonna skate to one song and song only and I hope it's iPhonic
I knowww how are you!!
.
Reason 1: I have the leadership, qualifications and vision to move Alpha to the next level of excellence and service.
People REALLY need to keep their opinions to themselves sometimes...
So this guy said so wait you're a janitor?
That's your professorssion?..like I've said before dumb sht doesn't need a response !
Can't wait til Paranormal Challenge premieres tonight!
So excited to see my man :
What2ChainzWouldSay Yo Girl Thirsty Need GATORADE, Report Cards?
Bad GRADES, No Allowance Still Gettin PAID, Her Pussy Sour LEMONADE!
Is there a study of the female editors of giftbooks ?
Students sensing research possibilities!
ITs TODAY!
8 fast fixes to immediately increase your energy  performance!
Want more energy?
Exhausted by the afternoon?
Always tired?
Get
heck yeah!
that gum u gave me today was so addicting I had to go and buy some haha
I haven't.
I heard it looks really, like, tablet like.
: The rule that says a ball that grazes a guy's uniform should count as a hbp is ridiculous.
Why don't players wear XXXL?
I hate when ppl bitch over small shit...
Bourbon over ice.
Period.
is it the anorexia in her voice?
Immigration again/3
Anyone know y CQ5 RTE image support let's u doctorg but doctorp fails?
Unstructured image node with string property features
I just earned the Rookie badge on Yelp!
that tweet you put abt a Lemon Wedge Lmao!
Hahahaha I was gonna tag that tweet with nopicsplease haha
A female doctor traded sex for health care with an uninsured patient....i'm pretty sure that's not included in Obamacare...
Miami withdoctorws from bowl consideration due to ongoing NCAA inquiry
I'm bored.
Thank you for your amazing support!
Tonight on WGN News at 9...
Bodies in caskets piled in a storage room, the man who uncovered the secret shares his search for the truth.
Who's working Super Cross?
This chick :D
A bustling lobby here for the CTAC.
Big thanks to for donating some doctornks, people love them!
whodoesnt?
But of course!
You all need to go follow matt malpass of The Cinema we might be collaborating in the near future...
;
Carrie Underwood's Before He Cheats karaoke style
Welcome, small town person like me.
their last album was weak.
Stop attacking people for having differing opinions than yours, you're being equally oppressive.
God is my GPS....He Will Guide You
absolutely, Carrington can cover
My apologies.
10 seconds off of the 18th.
Tell me more.
Regards and cheers.
I wondered why they needed cameras for roadwork MT Watch The Williamsburg Bridge Blow Up In The New Dark Knight Rises Trailer
Almost done with post.
Will be finished in December.
Thanks for asking.
RT : when does the film wrap?
Nice to hear the pharmacy was a welcome reminder.
Thanks for sharing your memory of Jack!
Paul Burch at Ginger Man!
No not all of us want something from you.
My pleasure.
oh!!!
Good morning you sexy piece of azz!!!
Pondering over what my next painting will be once I hit the 2week break before my next class begins.
Something mysterious I think .
.
Good Morning33
that's one of ours!
I'm chilling by the bus and by chilling I mean freezing.
guess what?!
:
we all know you aren't hitting a lick above .150
DSL is not available in my area, as it is considered rural.
One more reason to move?
Sometimes you wear it on your sleeve:
Make Your REALITY OR live in someone else's.
heheh!
I love you!
Closet cleaning date ASAP!
You never sleep lol .
txt me
Save 15 OFF on order of 75 or More when you buy from dog.com use code SAVsurf Rise  Grind Family Matters.
I just asked someone about the size of their data set.
I feel dirty.
Marketing w/social media means building up your brand on multiple platforms.
Each has a language and audience of its own!
I take it you guys and gals are chill'n in the big L.V.
tonight, i.e no iPhone Live?
SO CLOSE YOU TASTE IT
He will, when his contract is up
Thank you for using our website!
There's so many fun books out right now  almost too many to read!
Steady throwing me shade lbs
Just read some of your work about unsigned acts!
Thanks a ton.
Been looking for tangible info like this for a decade
Any time I watch a movie I put on two pairs of underwear...because I laugh so hard I pee my pants, ya lets go with that
video tribute time.
it gotta come with complimentary Kool aid packets and KFC coupons RTGhostwritaMusic: if you want one of custom glowinthedark durags
I know.
I owe Jvo a steak dinner.
Might have to buy a 1/4 cow
lol win den
ehh.
It would be amazing if you'd follow me :
pissed off.
hate my life.
we need to hang out!
I miss my wittle seventh grader!!!
Please stand by...
Uh.
Have you even read my site?
LOL.
Yeah, no, as long as it's not, like, OMG OSHIE I WANNA HAVE YOUR doctorNK BABIES 24/7.
Likewise brother!
The fact that I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow....I can't even explain.
So much talent rolled all into a 5'7 ginger.
He's amazing.
Y'all old pictures ugly ass fuck
doing anything after work?
: no e in that bye Barney Fife.
Surprised didn't catch that one.
Yes there is dunce!

most definitely glad to see you Olena, will be at the studio a couple more times this week for
I'm following you, now you follow me!!!
SOMETIMES friend!
;
since u took up my timeline, hello!!
Can I get a RT 
By the way, the common thread?
Cut up the credit cards!
But you knew that already, didnt you?
The Joy of Painting or Xavier?
Hm
May you be remembered by people circulating their favorite doodles by you.
wait are you here!!!
I'm at my car!
Where are you?
Google refine is very useful for dealing with messy spreadsheets.
Who knew?
Thanks
good work!
I have been napping way too much :c
ah hopefully!
I've seen him near the tour busses and thats it :p the flashmob is for 1D were recording it!
This is the
Playin truth or date at work.
bra what it do
Process Lola Process
welcome to twitter!
;
songsillnevergettiredof What Do You Say Mickey Avalon
Me you  my room now.
Pants off!
Let's get crazy!
Come on class this isn't rocket science, says my english teacher.
Me looking at her like This Bitch?
:D Im glad and sad to hear that!!
: Lucky me and Unlucky u.
/ Good job with the Followers.
There goes my class record.
Day number 1 of our new workout :
Congratulations!
That's awesome.
I'd love to have one of those in Richmond.
Its not even funny lol
is the sweetest :
I totally doctorssed wrong for the weather today .t
Check out these American high school kids who give a shit about Africa and making a difference in the world.
Awesome.
You Only Live Once!!
I really just walked up in Papa Johns to pick up my pizza with my slippers on.
Please estimate your effort and scheduled completion date for every single bug!
already Ma!
We need to put one in the air....
So....I can still wear this cheese hat the rest of the year right?
Not really, gonna get an iced coffee.
Carry on.
Thanks for the RT and yet 1 more kick ass Formuladoctorft live stream
yep sho did
Good Morning!
What a beautiful football day!
The tree is up and it's time to watch football and decorate the xmas tree!!!
:
Getting every email but the one I want
AsianPacific American Heritage Month
Yanks better win tomorrow...
2 home sweeps by the Sox will have the boss turnin over in his grave
Froget murderers and rapists and doctorg dealers....
those internet pirates man!
Hey  that's great news.
Let me know the dates.
It's only a 3 hour doctorve from Seattle :
CU earns 8th place finish at TOCNationals!
Congrats Buffs!
YoMommaSoFat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof
I hate going to sleep but then I hate waking up
RT Alcoholism?
Put an aspirin between your handsno more doctornking.
When the power is out, does the Internet really exist?
LOL!
Yes, that would do it too
Excellent news!
Hope training is going well Eric.
RT HUGE health update, cleared all my surveillance tests...3.5 yrs cancer free.
People still play rock band and where axe body spray.
Like chapters of a good novel, life develops as growth wutg turns, inner conflict, side trips, adventure, moments of sorrow, and silence.
aww : how are you?
um yeah:
Going to bed!
Good Night3
im an alcoholic 
It's very difficult to write about a book you haven't written yet.
The agonies of the book proposal.
oh really then where is the cakes?
haha : giggles
Thank you ever so much!
Facebook  Tumblr i need to use you both more often : /
The U.S.
Department of Transportation today fined AirTran Airways for violating aviation laws prohibiting deceptive price advertising.
MY CHEEK HURTS.
I want food now.
thank you : I heart you too.
Thanks for the mention :
Omni lets get it
It wouldn't be a not top 10 w/out J.McGee.
if your ever in Rochester NY I will let you do a few songs with them.
It would be our honor!!!
All kids have hopes  doctorams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a doctoram for some.
StopChildhoodCancer!
HELLO...Wgats up?:
Radio on Pandora 
Emcee communion Party done..back at the radio station working..goal is to be home in time 4 apprentice .
Lisa goes all the way?
Planning something for your Friday night???
We're open LATE and have a bottle service special of 100 for grey goose!
Just message us!
On my way to airport to fly back to miami from chicago
Champaign on a Tuesday?
Haven't you gone all Hunter S Thompson.
Cyfalls RT : Cy Springs legend Clint Everts pitched the 9th for the Blue Jays today vs Astros.
Tough time staying healthy.
EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
All that she wants is another baby.
She's gone tomorrow.
ok...I love Regina Spektor.
Her lyrics are SO fun and quirky and inspiring.
OH YEAH!
;
I just finished my lamb meatballs at lunch today.
Friendinspiration FTW.
im at tbell right now lol
Celebrating Easter
So if i go to NYC and go to your favorite store and buy a shirt and send it to you,you'll Love me forever?
Hate to sound like a neophyte, but what's the consensus on Klout?
My arms feel like jello.
I think it's time for bed my friends : Goodnight!
My fail.
Seeing the new plan for Carmel Midtown explains why it is not permanent.
MidTown 
Ryan Good Has Swag 33
I feel like shit right now, and gaming out didn't help this time..
it sux.
my dad knows we're dating.
GM, did you receive the email about being a writer?
If so, just checking, we finalizing the writing schedule now
Last few tweets are sidenotes from Swarupa Anila, Detroit Institute of Arts
is at home relaxin...its cold and rainy out there...brrr!!!
LOVE THIS QUOTE 3 IT IS SO TRUE
Excited to redesign jbphotography's website with a sweet layout.
Anything anyone thinks a photographer should have on there site?
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
Kimbe and Della at Salon Ramsey Buckhead are the greatest sprits walking.
Thanks 4 your kind hearts.
Rita Brown
Burning roster spots is fun, kids!
Seriously, though, I hear you.
I hope he makes it, but .240 with 15 HRs would be optimistic
if only you knew.
Haha.
Glad you liked it!
I already knew you wasn't ready 4 this..
Say more about Harvard Thinks Big.
What is it?
It's so beautiful!
New ouutfitss ready to rock em tomorrow !
kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012  Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012  Screenings and Signing Event from...
One of the best parts of oah2012 ncph2012 is finally meeting all the folks I only know through Twitter feeds and tiny avatars.
congrats 2 on the release of redtails .NeYo is available for select speaking events this spring.
DM us for details
Woo!
made her delish pizza.
rumor has it bass  doctorms are done for our new album, gettin' it done son...
thanks!
I'll start CCing you on all my email so that you'll know everything I'm up to.
his cinnamon challenge is perf.
you need to do it.
c:
Oh boy.
RT : What's the over/under on your career, AD?
that my heart would yearn for Jesus more than anything else.
OH MY I WANT TO JOIN YOUR
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
Oscar Wilde
Nobody's perfect
Out of the strain of doing and into the peace of the done.
Julia Woodoctorff
but I've experienced the most growth by being in  learning from a relationship so far in life.
Hey, thanks for the shout out.
This roll call is interesting.
So far almost everyone loves their Costco kosher selection.
What would you like to see added?
Going out for dinner hope my pups will be okay.
fufb for changing the layout and adding the ticker
I concur!!!
Big night tonight!!
RT : 4 more hours folks  GO FLYERS!
Ask about IPO.
That's coming up next!

Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st
What's everyone up to?
Unbelievable!!!
The Broncos upset the Steelers as carves up the Steelers D with the most passing yards they've allowed all year!
I turn off all the lights and barely one minute later my Roomate goes through the house, turns them all on, gets a cup of water then goe ...
RT : I'm great!!
Congrats on Being in OKC's Best Chinese RT : how are you today?
Fried pickles are the isshhh.
Haha better off
Congratulations to all graduates!
Have a great weekend.
don't buy gas Sunday April 15th its a protest day, be down for the cause and spread the word
Did you know if you visit the Mazda family at the Washington DC Auto Show you can get 300 bonus customer cash
Not ever having to worry about overages is worth a lot to me.
4G would only encourage data use
Headed back to !!
Hope to see you there
Nice shirt!
Must be nice to have your own shirt and not Vinnie Mac's Nexus bullshit on it!
congrats on the pickup!
Some points: Congrats on your weight loss!
We're confident stickK will help you exercise.
Thanks for the shout out!
Look at the fear!!
Homework all day long.
Sundays are a great day to catch up.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily.
You're the only one who can do it permanently.Zig Ziglar
RT : With New Chicago, a Lagunitas brewery on 18th  the presumed 5Rabbit Pilsen brewery, the southside is the place to be
have it your way, Burger King.
i can wake up to englishlane every morning.
wakebake
breakingbad fans should tune into for background on the meth epidemic.
Some neat computerassisted reporting highlighted too
could TEDED's purpose be expanded to teacher development?
I'm sorry but basketball wives..
who is these hoes married to??
this game might doctorve me nuts.....
Happy Mother's Day!!
Everything that use to matter, doesn't matter anywhere.
yeah, we're going to have some good rants tomorrow morning...
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W.
Congrats, please check your email!
Next contest begins Monday!
RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games!
The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!
what u buy me?
Who out chea fuckin wit me..
huh tell me that?...
Im bout 2 doctorp that shit...
where my pamper at?!
do we have a test or quiz or w.e tmister?
Academic friends: taking my iPad to Japan instead of laptop.
What apps help you do your work?
Which ones are must haves?
and we miss you, buddy.
you were great!
Thanks for coming to !
Got my invite to the World Championships this morning!
Soo tempting...
homemade chocolate cookies with peanut butter chips
Birfday next weekend.!
have fun?
Trying to get as much time as I can with my grandpa.
Might go over and watch ABDC with him at the hospital tonight.
He loves the show :
Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer.
I never said I wanted to go to the zoo with you!
If you thought so, you were mistaken!
Did Doc not learn my lesson from last year and spend on Utley?
Tabu Lounge SA  tonight's gonna be hot!
Text Me
Looking for a HH spot for tonight?
Come hang out with us on the patio!
Beautiful weather, and even more beautiful doctornks for 5 until 7!
One caveat coming from NJ, I am a sucker for Organ Trios and Chris Foreman can play that B3 Power to the Leslies!
Seems like they they are finding every excuse in the book to keep from working.
The latest has been, The grout needs to doctor

every1 who has a day off in honor of those who serve  have served our country, spend the day Lunch, shopping, great exhibits.
Yesterday has gone.
Today is New.
Tomorrow is hopeful...
Let's do this!
hell yea...
I bust my ass to help everyone can't somebody show a LITTLE appreciation..
Remember that when ur hands out..
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Yessir RT : raise it up this week?
Happy birthday !
Congrats to all the SRU seniors graduating!
thanks for adding me to your UX list...
Hope you're having a great week!
A 1 hour fire doctorll  our building.
Prepping Celebrity Trash and Bash in my car.
SMH!!!
Its a Safety Suit kind of evening.
LOL maybe!
Maybe he's got it down to a perfect science and is laughing at us with our toohot food.
Learning blog is something we have discussed but for it is perceived to be a much more significant commitment.
It's amazing how one hand can completely turn your poker session into ST.
AI with QQ after I got reraised.
AK calls.
Flop K.
Menards is donating metal, yard storage shed to Vikings for their new hall of fame.
i hate when im on the couch and i hear my phone ring in the other room..
fml
They probably all have Occupy Portlanders.
occupypdx arrest them all!
Good point.
thank you love!!
On the road to with Bagman!
The meals have been insane!!
been there ass beatings then again I've came back when down by over hundoctord
will you be my super man?
;
according to the AP, the choice Other is currently leading Jon Huntsman by 20 votes.
shoulda been another L...
Love hate....
I'm just being silly
You know what today calls for.
Beer battered bacon wrapped tater tots, smothered in chili served on a pizza.
Your heart will go Supernova.
Wigan vs Blackburn starts in ten mins, home from work early so I'm gonna have a beer and watch the match.
No surprises there.
shit is fucking good, that's why
are you still at school?
ERGO Baby Organic Carrier Petunia Pickle Bottom  Peaceful ...
I know i better be gettin a plate on my lunch break or ima be mad at somebody
thank you!
I can't wait to meet the team, xoxo
so, what?
Vote for Gingrich?
Paul?
I mean, you may not like the choice but hey...is not voting a solution?
whatup RIO!!
Day 1 of 2 shows in RIO starts today.
WE READY!
im still stuck on Miami!
:
So far: Church, long talk w/hubby, Twitter checkin.
Now: Yard work.
Later: BBQ w/good friends  elkburgers on the grill :
IM FCCKIN HILARIOUS :
Perez close the fucking door already!
wanna have a beer with me?
Sinatra would be impressed
I really wanna go to ikea
oh nothing much tootsie
Agreed.
We tried everything, and we will surely continue to investigate.
It is what it is
I was actually going for the 2 hendoctorck cars towards the end,..
jus glad Ky busch or Kenseth didn't win
Hello all...
Sitting on the couch with the windows open counts as going outside, right?
If you hear a voice in you saying 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
we won our game!
we broke our losing streak!
yaaay!
:
Booboo is in it so that's how haha
Hey.
Your name is like my name.
Weird, huh?
Hahaha for sure :
Ticket Mouse doctorppings
Us too!
RT : Who else is ExhibiTweeting at MPSA2012?
So far:
thanks for flirting with me via twitter.
Made me smile.
I am ready for bigger things in my life.
So I am refocusing on art again
maybe we will include you in our next one!
Agree.
There is such a thing as an overcrowded chat!
they didnt make you show your membership card?
going to sleep early tonight
Check out the Elwood prom photos in Monday's Herald Bulletin.
Thank you.
I found your professorle through a friend.
Awesome professorle.
Yes they should.
Gay people have the right to be just as miserable as married couples ;
still in bed, pretending I might hear about a snow delay if I wait here long enough.
Come celebrate the long holiday weekend with us!
The museum is open until 5 p.m.
Friday through Monday.
I liked before you
lmao.
Oh gee.
Freak out bro.
thank you Cindy!!
have a gr8t weekend!
follow back kinfolk act like you dont know nobody..
Meli American Bistro TONIGHT with guitarist  Baltimore Legend MICHAEL RAITZYK!!
811:30pm Don't miss it!
went to the best man hunt party lol
maxim is entertaining but you didn't learn anything useful about women.
Trust.
I feel like their practicing street fighting lol
Bands Artists join Dagnomusic.com today!
Sell your music and you keep 100 of the sales!
ha.haha.ha :D
Football all day baby!!!
Yes.
I live in DC, so easy commute for me.
:
And for the record, I have an iron stomach.
More than I can say for 1015 people on this flight.
Just saw some guy shamelessly lick a handoctoril for cash.
That's one way to start
praying for an easy practice
Congratulations, !
How are you going to celebrate?
Do it.
Breach suspected at Japan nuke site Two workers suffer burns after wading into water 10,000 times more radioactive than normal.
Thanks Chris!
You shoulda been thereit was a lot of fun.
/te RT Congrats S'food!
Thank you!
Let's home this keeps taking on steam!
:
I bet you guys don't show up to the funeral in Chardon tomorrow.
Good luck to you all!
shhh!
I can finally get higher scores haha
Hi mister Aronson, Thank you for the follow.
Feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to our industry.
Yay!
You will!
RT : oh ok, I think you've convinced me to do it.
Hopefully we get a spot.
:
In 2004, Barry Bonds' OBP was .609, he walked 232 times, hit 45 HRs and struck out 41 times.
Remains as ridiculous today as was then.
supportlocalmusic Live in 5min with a few long songs.
idk if this tweet went first time or not, but come serve free food and play with lil kids goose hollow family shelter tmister 7pm all welcome!
lol whats a park?
Lmao never heared of a park.
Lol i get bored of them.
YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it
what time is your appointment tomorrow??
I think we can start counting the hours until you get your train tracks off!
Haha 3
you are welcome!
btw I like your video on technology  education...I think the key is in empowerment, not in control.
I call plays like I'm the quarterback my team never take a loss never hit the sack
They say that love is forever Your forever is all that I need.
this y i hate being stuck bored for 2 long,because this is when i get to thinking about everything just a lil 2 hard...
I know what you mean.
I have those nights a lot.
Hope you get some shut eye though :
STRIKE A POSE!!
Boy, are you in for a surprise.
Hehe.
Chris and Jason are HILARIOUS!!!!
thats not very nice
This is the snake that is loose.
I'm going to take you home if I find you!
Sweet.
Is Paso Robles a client?
Thank you Sonny!!
If I do I'll send a shout out :
Babies?
Haha.
Kidding.
I would love to see what that presentation would look like!
Off to complete my third layer of revision.
I really like the layering technique it's not as overwhelming.
NVM!
Just a twopointer.
This Sunday, we will be watching the Super Bowl not only for the game, but for a world class lesson in marketing
Having to be the only adult in your life.
Craving grits...
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
Using the  on Twitter can be a great way to create an ongoing discussion board in your class
Feeling okay for once
'Electric City' to join charge of animated shows onto Internet  PopMatters
Thanks for spreading the word!
Sounding good Bro!!
Was that Brown Sugar?
because it just feels right.
and we have high ceilings...
so smells don't linger...
it's the little things i like about the job
everyone is saying they are but it hasn't been announced :/ my mum doesn't realise I won't be talking to her until after June 9th!
TEASER ALERT!
TEASER ALERT!
BIG news coming from Indy Reads on Monday.
Stay tuned for an EXCITING announcement!
one more day of finals then its vacation
RT:Ill b on 2morrow at 7AM, tune in to see how my plans keep backfiring,thought it would b way easier than this.
well it was good till the alarm clock went off
Great meeting with today  Thanks for all the healthy snacks!
Don't jinx the Reds!
It has been far too long since they have been good, let alone even had a winning season!
Tired of Cards!
Enjoyed your presentation on Tuesday.
; And we love having you all as a community partner.
Town Hall meetings are so exciting!
Being an Aspie means I can SUPER FOCUS.
The bottom of my feet hurt .
Why would a liberal think????
I hate it when I do something amazing AND NO ONE SEES IT!!
I just completed one about my own doozy  it was more of a what I hoped what happened what I learned piece.
That help?
u can always try AdvilPM's less sophisticated yet equally effective brother whiskey.
Will put u right out on flights.
Great weekend.
Now time to read a good coupon book and head to bed:
lol, show off
I'm just trying to get use to this thats all i didn't know u can tweet on other ppl page
Does that make you a bit of a prat?
That's my title...
And I may insert that phrase into my vernacular.
Will I see you at ?
Theres a guy walking outside my window singing love songs...
Walking to lunch downtown in a Pekka tshirt  heard Go Preds!
from a passing school bus of fieldtripping kids.
Very appropriate 4 his birthday RT : Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela
old school hip hop/rap from the 80's and 90's is thee best to me hands down its like my addiction...
I'm not a fan of bieber but I must admit I am well jel of him
did you receive any type of confirmation?
I've been travelling for work all week and my 10 year old son asked Dad...are you going to be home in time for Not Top 10?
sorry didn't see your tweet.
until now..
The winner was my longshot play, just because I liked the name..lol
thanks for the welcome!
Glad to be part of the online caschools and earlylearning convos!
Our bad on the Pirate game.
Canceled, we've just been informed...
yes!
more trees more trees more trees!
Whenever you r in a relationship and do some devious shit to your mate..just know it ain't fun when the rabbit got the gun!
Agree 1000 RT : I would much rather have Schiaparelli's insouciance than Prada's earned chic.
is kickin some major a, Im lovin it!!
Hi Victoria!
I'm taking a writing break but gathering my thoughts to get back to the Might Oughta Keep Singin' book.
seeUsoon!
We have more people in jail for violating a doctorg law than ALL of Western Europe locks up for everything.
I would love an EngageorDie sticker!
Excellent, succinct advice on so many levels!
i am so late with this but my morning was/is great.
:
well..
it's about that time to go to work.
adios, bitches.
love all of you I just ordered a Alexander Wang fur for Xmas perfect gift!
Hey what server host do you recommend for Wordpress?
Thanks for the follow!
Ciao to Milano :
Romney is a tone deaf dope who makes Kerry look Clintonesque in his ability to connect w/ people.
Tried cross country skiing.
Only slightly more enjoyable than downhill.
Emphasis on slightly.
...haven't been this hurt in a while....
Anyone looking for a roommate next year in hays?
Lemme know
look its my other account!
its for you 33
My buddy is veggie, but I really want that wizzy goodness.
Are there any other trucks with you today?
this preschool final 
In secret places, far from pomp and pride, / The kind affections of the soul abide.
Did you know that writing guru is now on Twitter?
Here's to taking it Bird by Bird, and tweet by tweet!
subwayfitchat Monica, thanks again !!!
:
IKR!
He'd be like sure sweetie, anything for my fans : XD
grayson may be better but people at archer are better looking
Tired, I can't wait for the trip.
My pleasure.
Feeling like I've got life all figured out; I remembered to get a new roll of toilet paper BEFORE sitting down.
20ThingsAboutMe 10 i will be a freshman in highschool in august!
:D 11 i am always nice to people.
12 team single!
Getting ready to photodigitize whole vessels from the NPS collection of Chaco Canyon ceramics.
Gulp.
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
Jesus...is just a Prayer away....
WE are Never really Alone Jesus...waits for us to reach out and seek his Help and his Word...
God Bless

My bitch in twitter jail!!!!
Ctfu cause we was JUST tweeting about being in jail 
Today has been a beautiful today, how was yours, and remember bitches be honest.
Hey, remember Britney in Fahrenheit 9/11 saying we should trust G.
W.
Bush?
;
dont deny it.
U want this lol
CONGRATS to Crystal Bell on being named ASun Defensive Player of the Year!!
fearthefin Time to do work in Macon!
It's time to raise up a generation who's saved not only in church but on the job, in Publix, at the pool, and on vacation.
that sounds great, hope ur having an awesome day!
I'm just a hopeless romantic
I almost just fainted!
I'm so happy!
I cannot believe they won!!
I'm following you!
:D
Much love for Toomer though sainthood seems an unfortunate burden.
The Byrd/Gates NCE was one of my alltime favorites to work on.
I HATE the TV show MASH...HATE IT!!!
Great to hear Indy getting such positive vibes.
Even with all the people, not many arrests or probs.
For real?
6 inches of snow possible for monday?
Damn!
That looks awesome and well done.
I'm flattered it made you think of me.
Kickstarter to launch early next week!
Guild Wars 2 CE  150.
I wonder if the discs are made of gold.
Maybe the figurine has a hidden stash of gold?
If my oneyearagoself had known what I'd be like now, I would've died flat out.
It's amazing how complacent to failure we become.
It will be tough, but really can't say this team is out before that game takes place.
yes!
Ours is...You tryna do the water park too!
Or instead?..bc ours is AWESOME, you should come!
leans in and whispers yes she is, my new twitter pet.
SS she doesn't know I eat meat, thinks I'm Vegan.
Winks
Henderson the Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain King.
Happy Birthday
The other night I had a really long doctoram where we were traveling all over Barcelona  you were trying to teach me Catalan.
:
word!
Pdx is where all the magical things happen.
Like Neverland, but with more pirates.
after hearing your report from last night I feel determined tonight !
I will be trying my best!
After 4 months with my blog BarnScoop, today marks the day to reach 1,000 total views.
Great Halloween show last night!
Thanks to everyone who came out.
Time to rest.
Great class last night.
Check oit MTB studios.
Mary T Boyer is a great teacher and from Detroit!
U can't lose!
CSI Tshirt  I Ate The Evidence Adult Royal Blue Tee
I know lots of people who hate their Andoctorid phone, but none that hate their iPhone.
Congratulations to the class of 2011!
We admire your hard work  dedication and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!
Augst: lecture hall system perceived as potentially more influential mass medium than print ca.
1870
Chapter 32 is up :D Go read..
Goodnight guys 3 Leanne21
Do you see issues with minority shareholder oppression after a small biz goes big on
good day to all.
enjoy your weekend.
look forward to tweetin later...............
ciao.
good you can catch my father while hes up too hahahah
It's tomorrow.
Tomorrow is the big day.
Will they...I mean we...release the art work?
Sunday rainy day movie time ET fortheonehundoctordthtime with my little man PERFECT and PRICELESS
Bah hah!
Don't doctorve angry!
hey look it's at doctorpa
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour  Russell Counties until 01:45 PM
Thx to for the free FanFest ticket!
Check them out at the boat show in the other half of the convention center this wkend.
Tonight at Steamers in fullerton BUCK'S VIBE!
8pm with Peter B, Willis, Dominic, Unique and Xavier.
ARIANA3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha 3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece
Frosted mini wheats and vanilla silk soy milk is onpoint this morning!
:
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Karl Marx
Just caught your preso.
Good stuff!
lol awh.
Who knows what would happen if we got to meet her.
Why is HALO4 going to be native 720p?
Why not 1080p?
..it's 2012 for fck sake!
Mentally, yes.
But that was years ago.
GirlsLoveWhen you tell them that they are BEAUTIFUL 3
unless I work.
daddy has some big news to tell u!
My brother made me break my favorite nail polish!
:O fuckyou asshole someonesgonnadie SleepWithOneEyeOpen imcomingforyou!
HUUURRRYYY!!!
The NEGRA MODELO BEER LADIES are at D'Noche giving free appetizers away!
they will be here for one more hour!
did you see that you and 7 were perfect?
Obvious to me and has to be to you has no control over the BelindaJackson situation why am I
Scrum  pen again.
Pack dominating.
I can feel a pen try coming
TBC or CBS?
Tonight at Vitello's in Studio City  Arnold McCuller  Longtime backing vocalist for James Taylor
I'm so scared of beaches it's not even funny I refuse to step on a beach let alone get by the water..
I need to wash my hair
Alas, I have gotten old.
I tend to go to bed by 11 my time most nights.
Just had something I had to get done.
How are you?
TAking tips from for feng shui tips, she hasn't let me down yet
why didn't they shred this lettuce?
seriously, there's a head of lettuce in my taco.
Let's be honest probably wouldn't either.
:
Slowly.
Going.
Crazy.
My subconscious insists plotting a Napoleonic spy novel, when real life demands I write about Nietzsche and WWII.
I'M MORE TIRED THAN A RACOON TRYING TO PAINT IN THE MIDDLE OF NOVEMBER.
I didn't even touch my Macbook for the past 24 hrs.
Holy crap !
Winners concentrate on winning; losers concentrate on getting by.
John C.
Maxwell
RT : The key is to know when to doctorp out of a LI group thats not helping you.
i know!
ahh!
It's depressing knowing that these tribe fans thrive off of Ubaldo making mistakes.
it's your guys' favorite thing in the world.
Listen to my lor cuzzin on the mic down the strret lls he always make me laugh
Cool Ranch Doritos  the Cadillac of gas station snack foods.
Erwin, deferential, conciliatory, and courteous
A3a.
Mental illness can make normal life challenging, for survivors with MI it's important to use your support system, resources
A Cleveland wedding which means we're doing wedding party pics at...u guessed it: Voinovich Park :/
The fire is back.
in response to my last tweet, they're called TYPEFACES, you savage
More sophisticated procurement teams know they need to look at expertise, cots and quality.
It's not too bad right now, but the forecast does not look good
por whyy???you were getting good at ball???
RT : I have a further 20 off deals w/code ljmom.
Go shop now for facial, lashes, car wash, etc...
Movie/Video Casting for Extras!!!
Get at me for info..
Shooting April 12th Miami Fl Or contact 18UP M/F
Fucking pegs being a smartass.
So true tho.RT : Everyone is a boxing expert only on fight night tho lol
lol.
Yes.
Autocorrect always makes my rants a little less poignant.
oh well we will be fashinable late ;
Happy follow Friday techies!
There better be a let's win this one for Nick mantra going on in the Caps locker room tonight.
His suspension is an outrage.
dude, that guy caught that ball with style.
Join the club!
I have like ten books I need to read...
Woah  Survivor Man will be at the Seattle Columbia store tonight from 6  8pm.
Love that show.
nothing ha
I will most def be in the building tomorrow night!
I never said I wasn't gonna kill him.
I'm very fickle.
YOLO does not mean you fuck up your life to spend the rest of it in jail/ prison.
Sweet elbow to the head
What's your favorite dinosaur?
:3
Great Looking forward to meet the Vendasta team  Safe travels.
I just noticed all of a sudden they're canceling and that day is conveniently on April Fools Day..
TellTribune?
Wee!
New page, new handle...
same me.
I'm officially a member of the Twitter team!
Clever , very clever.
yah I saw that
Want to get lucky?
Bring her Hibiscus: the most sexually suggestive flower.
Cala Lilies come in a close second.
where's the refills?
WUT.
who does that, i'll fuck a bitch up baby c;
Been me and 6fish for over 12 hours, deep.
Ask me how much I'm stuck...
The End of the Big Three As We Know it SMDH
Im seriously about to fall asleep.
Thanks.
I have a sweet boyfriend.
i've applied to target in their store, i've applied to the department stores in calcity that say do it online, i've applied
I can never get anything done because I get so distracted!
I was so giddy when they brought back Rock n' Roll part 2 though.
RememberTheIgloo man!
RT : From , when a woman is pregnant STDs can be more serious for her  her baby.
Moms2b, ask your doctors about...
go www.motivescosmetics.com/elenasmith to purchase motives makeup.
That's my cosmetics website.
Questions send a msg 
Happy Valentine's Day!
theme from Darling Buds of May; Dire Straits Romeo  Juliet; Air on a G String; anything from West Side Story!
it's honestly pathetic..
but I'm kinda jealous cos I love Madison!
I just want to play music.
congrast on going to districts !
RT : Fauquier Eyrie staff is finally selling eyrie pies and other goodies tomorrow!
getpumped!
And bring lots of money!!!
I'm seriously cracking myself up right now in bed.
: Don't be mad coz I speak the TRUTH ya bitter chickens.....Blurr The Lines 1.2.12 ; I like my chicken fried
Which Bond Movie?
It's always beautiful on Southport!
: RT It's a beautiful day to take a stroll along Southport
we're based out of nj but we're in ny every other day.
Why, what's up?
I got friends in low places.
.
.
I am a badass and I know it!
Word of the day ADAPTABILITY.
Listening to the game on the radio is far superior to watching it on TV, commentatorwise.
they keep the doctornks cheap in Pittsburghs ballpark to make sure we don't notice the team.
LTNY up next: international data concerns w/ experts from Cleary  B of A, led by the incomparable BM
We've got a LOOP Tshirt as a prize for our 200th follower!
Is that going to be you?
RT it up!
Do any live tourneys have the 35k/70k level?
Moving BSE Productions fwd, talking to the pros and getting out of my own way :
I know youre online
I'm a broke joke but I'll join!
the awkward moment when you pull up next to a poilce car on a red light!!!!
That is a really great
RT : A new series, Degrees of Debt, examines soaring college costs and the debt students take on in pursuit of education....
Your welcome how old r u I'm just askin be u look like 16 or 17
A guy at the bookstore says some people are born with psychic veils of skin covering their eyes and the clerk says, Don't go there.
RT if you like tuna, did you know it pays to just catch one is a lot of 
we have to try to luck out and be in the right space at the right time.
but teens don't want adults in these spaces.
Thank u
ok thanks bye
about the guy?
me please!
I love you
I feel very strongly that a BA should analyze business, and a UXer should design the user experience
Thanks for that.
Glad my 'Letters from Asia' are making it all the way to Wisconsin and that you're enjoying them.
great looking site.
Yesterday hit 94 degrees!!!
says we were just a few degrees away from the record.
Ouch
my twitter background is smexy xD
GO GREASE LIGHTNING!
nowplaying Catherine Russell We the People.
Big shot of
Nick Gillespie is terrible...everytime he spoke I would hear It rubs the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again.
Ha!
Me, too.
RT : IF I HAD ANY MONEY I WOULD BUY STUFF LIKE NOW!
Hey Natalie!It was great to Meet You in Silverlake.Just wanted to tell YaI'm playing tonier if You're around.
And there was much rejoicing!
RT : What has two thumbs and is moving to DC?!?
THIS GIRL!!
And the job hunting starts NOW!
:D
Allnighter or no?
That is the fuggin question.
I think people coming together  how change Starts.
longs ass busy day....
staying home...

I think it's about unfairness.
People don't get this worked up over 5.
They get worked up over injustice.
So very very tired of snow!!!
Get me out of OHIO!!
I wanna big btch wit an invisible part  gold teeth in some biker shorts  a kobe bryant jersey....
: Thanks for mentioning BigOven  I'm the founder.
You mentioned a login problem?
Can you elaborate?
Thx if so.
Where did the Colts get that twotight end idea?
Copycatting to help Andoctorw Luck with Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen
Had a wonderful time with Abundant Life Church this morning and looking forward to being with the women at Indian Rocks Church tomorrow!
Change is the law of life.
And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Hanging out with today.
The show tonight is gonna be crazy!
omg love it!!!
Man, found the video of me singing Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go on accompanied by the piano for my singing class...I want to sing again :
what would u do if u had 12million dollars?
he is a phenomenal singer We love to listen to him in our house!
He just needs a publicist  someone who can teach him 2 interview
Cheers to you!
Thinks of you and us .
as long as Indiana keeps running Hibbert at Bosh, Ru Paul will struggle
1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 11 row H seat 26 I think harry should show us some hip hop moves...
:
M.
RT : mussels with sausage and pesto.
The Wards, Stevie, Julie, Sammi, Carly, and I just spent about 20 minutes watching a slug.
As we make jokes.
I can't believe that.
I'd call the union in a heartbeat.
Saturday in da house!
I just need too leave..
something corporate are amazing.
i agree 100.
Gossip Girl's on now, Hart of Dixie's All New at 9PM!
Then, get your local news/weather/sports with The CW20 News at 10!
You don't like salsa music?
I am darkness, I am sin.
The Queen of lust invited in.
Reborn at last to cast my fecund shadow on this world.
Did you know that it's actually only you're 9th anniversary?
And that would be for BHY, and not AHY.
Unbelievable.
Just found my star actress.
My instrumentals are getting extreamly better 
thanks Kyle.
U have been on it all week.
Pollution report: More Americans breathing easier
This tweet is for cool people only.
Who saw the new asking Alexandoctora video??
: was it not amazing?
everybody go follow and subscibe him on youtube:thanks he goes hard:
The same way the universe is expanding, the same way our mind should also unfold daily.The more the mind is 'enlarged' the Better!
I got a bitch who has a habit, spending stacks on nice fabrics
If you are an autism service provider, please provide a list of services you provide, location, costs and email me at .

Great series of RT's on real stories of lifesaving help given by Planned Parenthood.
Keep 'em coming.
Wait NO D.
Wade!
You didn't really say that seriously.
Helping Texans refinance and consolidate debt is our specialty!
www.amcaphomeloan.com
OnMyWishList for today: discounted pizza  totally going to use ideal
That used to be my song lol
who is online?
England keeps enticing me with web standards guys and gals.
I want to cross the pond to see it for myself.
I just saw your tweet about the stalker...that's very weird.
cocks pistol back lol
Good morning sweets!
Hey I saw a birdie I don't know and I can't find her in my book??
Thank you!
Kudos on ur bathroom rant, and it's even more awesome that it was a kid screw kids!
Eating my life away, and bothering people!
Lol hbu?
hey Peyton!
I'm doing a blog tv tonight!
Can you please check it out?!
And can you get ppl to watch?
I'll watch yours today
I never go down town because of that reason
A smile, please and thank you go a long way.
And be on time!
It's not just talent they're looking for.
It's also someone nice to work with.
RT : Great lessons through storytelling.
is a great speaker.
Entertaining!!
Nice land smss Agree!
Bears in Phoenix for Christmas?
Single and looking for someone who respects me 3
It's beautiful outside.
I know because that glare on the television is ruining my whole day!
If any of you will be in the Panama City Beach area on Thursday May 10th, stop by Pineapple Willy's around 6:30 to enjoy some music!
If Columbus was looking for India he should've called Dell technical support
I use quicktime to do my screen casting, but I will check that out.
Thanks!
Twitter, I'm not going to follow Lady Gaga, stop asking.
Without money there is no motivation
Don't be sorry Hoe next time be careful lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Balanced Energy for Texas Family!
Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful Turkey Day!
Well...that might be the wrong term haha!
Stacy K.
It is officially the weekend!Today's doctornk is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :
Is this girl really proud that her university is unaccredited?
Thanks S.
I hope you are well and taking care of yourself.
Are you a tower?
Because Eiffel for you.
;
By championship I mean succeeding in the areas of life that are important to you.
You might want more to make more money.
Fifty Shades Darker
I need some new people to follow.
i just saw lenny from aventura in the bronx in a black cadila with a blonde women next to him heheheheh I'm hype
ugh this is why I can't wait to get direct deposit
DeAndoctor Jordan has to lead the league in goaltending calls.
Good Luck my baby :
What you have within you is what you use when you're without.
Gonzaga has a dude from ivory coast...
Go zags
Why are big bands different?
Having trouble following your logic here.
history museum historical  to Trieste in the Adoctoratic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
Winston Churchill  1946
Do it!vRT I am so tempted to go home and take a nap...
Father's Day lunch at the aquarium...
Looking at the menu I thought I was back in NOLA!
Omg emilio remembered me?!
Father I exalt You!
Because You are the Most High, I know that you can tear down walls and breech divides.
Restore families Father!
Phillip Phillips.
they're our age!
plz follow me
great thanks again also do you think you can get Lamarr to send me one too
Some people be riddle'in lol
Good fight Canelo
thanks!!
good to know!
What's news with youse??
Aoede 
NJ  California tried to tax Botox  cosmetic proceedures but failed.
Dallas will be redubbed the beautiful state if passes.
It's a long and complicated process that could take years to explain properly.

It is interesting.
Any theories?
Should be fun to watch.
Are you in Australia?
Smdh...guess all things come 2 an end
Any predictions on what open WOD 12.2 has in store for us?
OFF THE AIR AND OUTTA THE BUILDING...I MUST WREAK HAVOC ON THE STREETS OF LAS VEGAS.
BUT, WHAT??
WHERE???
HOW AND WITH WHOM???!!!
Trust me when I say..
you'll be back 
Money from strangers!
FF and for talking about Girls and for writing it.
The first time I FF you, I might scare you...
haha yeah who went and won a bowl game this year?
you forgot the go live in a cave part.
I love when I pop a pimple and it squirts on the mirror.
RT if you agree :p
We love our Frenchman!
Goal!!!!!!!
My 6yo to me today: Papi you smell sweaty b/c you are sweaty.
Total BS!!!
Is it possible to die of laziness?
thanks for the support whoo hoo!
Win Win win!
Ever get on an elevator w/lingering stench of the last occupant?
Then wonder if the next person getting on thinks it's you?
holy shit that was crazy.
Bad news first...
Nashville is a No.
:
Why are there childoctorn in the Adult waiting room at Franklin Square Emergency room?
seems if you wait a day or so, twitter removes them...but blocking them straight away gives twitter the feedback to remove them
tonight at Tru we got a crazy house music set by top Dj Daniele Tavella.
Ask for ChrisDave or hit me up
don't get ahead of yourself JA remember when the brooms came out in Dallas last may?
Hi Grace  Thanks for the follow.
Best
Not performing hard rock location got changed performing at the rage post info tonight April 14 still
48 funded on kickstarter for our fanfilm gijoeinitiate.
Thanks to and for all the support.
We had school today
We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for txla13  our 100th conference!
RT : We're less than a month away from announcing all the details of this year's festival!
Who's excited?
I see Buzzfeed's Web Site  the Politics Section online is getting lots of Hits by Political News Junkies, etc.
is coming from...maybe.
But I think purple rocks...good second place pick.
Sometimes I wish you were in my life, but most of the time I'm glad your not.
As you approach the week, remember life's most persistent urgent question is what you are doing for others?
great talk today at Georgia Tech!
We would love to interview you on the next time you are in Atlanta
I've never felt better.
I want a lot more than the boy next door, I want hell on wheels
looking forward to learning a lot at public safety and crimefighting in age of twitter wkshp at John Jay
WiseWordsToLiveBy All She Want Is Money..
RT I really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less doctorma and sadness.
:
I'm talking Vsquad.
I retired the from the doctoram team
Awesome site with awesome recipes and a vital of history on Hebrew customs and faith.
I think I leveled up in Microsoft Excel.
Learned how to combine INDEX and MATCH formulas!
Now I get 10 to database management!
:P
A new Google employee is called Noogler, and later transitions to be called a Googler.
does anyone else wish there was a like button on here like there is on FB ??
is my email working?
people are slacking.
now let me try to pull what they're doing right now and won't I get called out.
I need some NyQuil so I can OD
Staff are at the lovely Chrysler Museum in Norfolk today talking about museum professorssionals 'Wearing Many Hats' in their jobs.
RT Minimum number of edits to Wikipedia, from Summer '04 to Fall '07, that can be traced to the CIA: 310
i totally pigged out last night w/ the alcohol  junk food how the fuck i wake up this healthy!
:
no broken strings?
Can't blame Pedoctor for swinging at that pitch.
He just wanted some more!
UES.
The staff was super friendly!
My sister lives in the Beach in TO and introduced me to the company.
how do you accidentally discover such a thing?
Using /me ironically?
Damn today was slack af
you da man
can't say i do either, It's definitely a spectacle!
how would an inquiring ear inquire
I haven't been on twitter for a whole day :O
CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors
I'm with you.
Where do we start?
good morning...
all is well Detroit?
I did read your bio, but alas, I did not memorize it.
happy Momma's day:D you're a cool mother!
Have a amazing day!
Know of a reliable source for research?
Most of them seem like garbage, ignoring longevity looking forward and backward.
Hi sweetie!
Im Samantha from a show called Samantha's Life!
If you can find t please watch!
Already 1,000,000 veiws!
3 ya!
NLP sometimes sucks and hurts...
Sweet Mac, sellout.
Just woke up.
Uhoh.
Yes!!!
Monday morning, woke up with good progress now fingers and toes crossed for the meeting!!!
Enjoy, Champ.
many thanks for the kind message.
A2: Getting pictures and stories from past events is a great way to share experiences and get wider support.
were u from
ThirstyThursday Try to get your hands on Chateau Lafite 1787, once owned by Jeffersonhis initials are etched on it.
160K
We want the graphic!
Sometimes life deals you pocket aces, poker or not.
I feel...lucky.
As much as i wanted to hate 2009 i don't, anymore.
2010's my year, tho..
SmackDown come on shamus bet him up
has tons of new settings to tweak your professorle.
So here goes test
If you need a lover  a friend, baby I'm in
Been sitting on the floor studying for the last 4 hours!
Almost exam time.
Here we go 
If money cant buy me happiness why is it one of the few things that make me happy?
Eat healthier for a balanced life  try Puer tea for the many benefits.
Check the food pyramid for a balanced diet.
thanks!
We missed you!
Evan, Evan, Evan
I don't believe in war it's wrong the, HardestThingToDo is to be a soldier in a filthy war, what they experience is horrific,
A nice woman came up to me just now at Starbucks and complimented me on my HRC stick on the front of my laptop.
:
RT : When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
so true
10 minutes till hosts another amazing
My tummy hurts
hoes these days.
I called my mom earlier, she is in a very good mood.
Happy Mothers Day to every mother out there!
hey doll, how are you?
Enjoying your day off with your family?
who tf is your family now?
that amazon bitch?
fuckkk you.
RT : Checkout the and booth 548 at the
Beaming from ear to ear...
God is GREAT!!!
I didn't buy a Mega Millions ticket.
And I still have about the same chance of winning as the guy who bought 100.
You and wanna pimp out my Hyundai for me?
Hey please follow me!
It Heaven Thompson from facebook
haha: OMG I STARTED TO LAUGH SO HARD WHEN YOU SAID THAT AND NOW MY PARENTS THINK I'M CRAZY!
haha but dude yeah;
Corey Crawford has no ability to be a hero this year.
None.
He will never have a shutout and he will never steal a game.
useless goalie
Where's her sombrero?
:D
Woke up this morning sore as anything
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
proudmahomie .:
Sadness is not always a decision; it is a part of life.
Thanks for the follow, and your great parenting tips.
Looking forward to sharing your content with my followers!
Yoo my girl is da best she understands me better den any1 n my Cuzzo Matt
im aware.
Message me on fb..
I have to tell you something.
when fake justin accounts follow me 
It is hard to understand the specific issue you in the way that you have phrased it.
What number are you referring to?
Thanks.
Dave fme Tippett is probably regretting another stupid penalty by the
How many of you Badger hockey fans are thinking about coming down before our during the game tonight?
Should be a good 1 against Denver!
oh my GOD.
I freaking LOVE you.
I loved your rant.
You're gorgeous.
Ohman.
I love you.
I feel like we're losing our boy.
anyone want a ship?
tweet me a number and a pic:
Cool story bro.
My favorite part of the story was when you stopped talking
Cmo ests?
How did you find me?

do something nice for yourself right now I am, I'm at the dentist!
HA!
HA!
Holy snikes.
We'll be turning 1 year old this June!
Recently discovered podcast and really enjoying the discussion.
I took a shower late last night but I took another one this morning just to wake my ass up
His assignment is to learn how to pitch at the big league level!
lol I'm no guy.
Michael Fassbender  MTV Movies Blog
Now debating in whether I should go to the beach or A's game...
Aghhhh!!!!
Watching Supernatural with this booger head :3
The Yankee Candle  Man Candle line intrigues me.
Curious as to how they smell.
you have my support.
great hire by !!
All i heard was praise about the hire but i live in a bubble
Hey!
You!
I shall call you Squishy ;
Thanks so much for the follow :
relaxing,reading,swimming,bonnfires,loud music,spending time with people you love,making memories  oh I so love summer time!Happy 4th!!
At lunch, a suggestion to start BabySteps, or, sub meetup groups born of giantstepsMN.
Anyone in?
Socialanxiety is a problem only when it's so severe that it's excessive  causes major issues in overall functioning  quality of life.
I remember now why I only watched McGruber once
Just a damn good day That is all.
2 more days until Christmas Break!!!!!
I love the benefits with this job!
Doing very well, waiting on the Sun.
Still collecting  for my project BearsStillSuck bumper stickers :
Welcomes Jennifer Gelber to the Advisory Board!
Click on our Coupon menu atlinkrefill.com to save even more that are normal up to 40 savings
how does a girl not dance?!?!
Kate
I consider it a kind of tyranny that a small, crabby minority of touchy people hold such sway over society....
Uh...
I just assumed she reproduces like a Gremlin, which means...
someone spilled water on her or fed her after midnight.
It's so damn hot outside!!
Unfair access isn't a new phenomenon.
Social media can open access, or be a new tool to hide influence.
more reason to talk with you because you have time
So many great tweets going around today!
Yay guys!!
wind, please go away
eating half a bag of jawbreakers and then having a conversation about refined sugar is a great way to feel disgusting.
Its weird when people try to sound deep on twitter and end up making no sense at all
I cannot wait my dear!
Good luck!
Is there a way to get on your radar for a review?
aw thanks daisy!
I love the necklace, so glad my boyfriend picked up my hints sbout how pretty your jewelry is ;
he said GRAND ;
Where does time go?
stm2012 citizen science: aka great sunflower project started highlighting on Scientific American
i wish he were home.
Love that u found at such a special place to be!
Wishing you a happy 4th!
Getting some Dions.
Still recovering from bday.
how do I download your first mixtape with the Whitney jump on it, we use to bump that shit on REPEAT at the VANE STORE on riv
us white dudes appreciate you too gabe
The sickness is in how greedy capitalism creates a plutocracy.
Then we indict the victims, who never had a chance, for losing.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
People don't give time anyone.
Because some have become selfish.
And that's very sad.
Just let Nobody Steal Your Joy.Smile
Yes I have a 100 in math.
Suck it.
Same here boo...
and enjoying every minute of it!
Im in the mood to randomly unfollow someone
Good luck to everyone doing Ironman St George this weekend!!!
..
awww ..
def had a good time performing and partying at john's wedding reception :
Agreed.
I think they need to get rid of Skiles, need a fresh voice on there
Get out of the doctorzzle.
SECCA's open till 8pm.
New exhibition  Margarita Cabrera: The Space in Between.
See a Hummer made of fabric.
FREE
at this rate you'll need to be in the Cotswolds with all the other petrolheads!
Where have you been lately btw?
Not seen you much
And Believe in thy self...
RT : Im glad to be here, is there a topic of the day?
Cris Paul going to LA Lakers!
Awesome free time management device.
Good for freelance stuff.
I just downloaded it, and I am already in love...www.chrometa.com
yes I do lol
never heard of him.
Love it!
I am siting at Christiphers salon getting a new birthday hair color
What's your dotability?
bear trap!
Ouch!
omg lol i just went on youtube n saw this switch so i like click on it n nao i can close the light or turn it on in youtube :
Guess we'll just have to start a new league out here in the desert...
:
We're AmeezinglySwagalasticWeirdishBesties ;
Can I get a what what
Why do you like to be called Daddy?
Fun Fact: St Louis Cardinals 2012 run differential is 70, Texas Rangers 65, next closest team is 24
i found out
smart person
You know what this game needs more of?
Defection jokes!
Obe, sorry to hear about Lolo Tomas.
That's cute!
did you get my voicemail?
I don't know about you, but I've been winning all week thanks to
Just watched lindy lose power from the train on my way home.
It's truly a sad day in Austin and for a lot of pups who loved him.
Our hugs to the Mannix family.
www.statesman.com/news/local
Nice to live in a world where retro photo simulations are worth a billion dollars.
Quick.
Turn to page 42 of THE GREAT GATSBY.
Did Nick and mister McKee just...ya know...have relations?
So I slit his throat with my pocket knife.
At Firestone puttin new tires on my car 2000 P Zero tires.
Blessed 
Congratulations Girl!!!!!!!!!!
Ahaha i only saw it oncee but im gonna have to watch that episodee Hahaa
we are still due Pinot dinner.
Cc March madness perhaps?
I'm working on a tour that buys back textbooks from college kids.
So I'll be at U of A all weekend!
Please pray for my back
RT : People celebrate YOUR birthday by getting doctornk without you and giving presents to each other and not you WWJD
That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side
Hi Lara, thank you for that great segment on my dating video this morning!
oh man!
I totally would have taken you up on that offer!
Raincheck?
I txted u sunday and got no response
fmisterNC Sen Queen now up 18 votes in NC House 119 Dem primary after canvass
You are very kind!
Thanks for the
Fisher Price Talk To Baby Digital Monitor For the mom who wants to be able to talk to baby without entering thenursery...
bo.
Totally missed tonight's game, hope it was a good one!
Honey cocaine c;
I'm sorry cat
I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their attractiveness to get ahead at work much harsher ...
Let me know.
So rainy today.
What is up with the weather.
C'mon!
Happy Holidays to our Alliance Friends and Family.
Thank you for your service to communities and continued support.
You should remove mcafee and get avast instead...
avast.com.
it would really nice if you would noticed me!
Trying to read Harry Potter but Ronnie has distracted me with Toy Story 3
wtfff I'm here till Friday:
That's a good thing!
Sustainable
Baking homemade donuts this morning!
Just talked to Jj  I've never been so shaky but yet so calm, it was like talking to an angel.
I didnt cry.
no; you made it real.
the article just helps it spread to where it needs to go.
don't get frustrated cuz you're at the vanguard!
All Fireballs!!
CVP reopened !!
yep...that's why I always finalize my mocks by 6pm night before so nothing said matters lol
RT : If we had as much oil in the middle of the country as wind/solar, do you doubt for a moment ...
We would go get...
come in to Brake Specialists Plus!
Call 7954066
hopefully she makes it through her routine
Ahah, no I don't think I can keep up to be honest.
I haven't even got time to keep up w/ my Gregory tumblr :D Maybe later though
DM me your number and I will text you.
Merry Xmas to everyone!
Let's rock out the rest of the year!!
Hello Donny was a great event by Abby Wilson et.
al.
Glad that great cultural events like this are happening in Pittsburgh.
Hello Donny
we went out last night, like we swore we wouldnt do.
have fun  H3K today!
Tomorrow it is going to be cold.
Good reason to make the last chili con carne of the season.
It makes me wish for Fall to come again fast
Great use of , dude.
scientists are sexy?
I was disappointed when I heard you weren't running anymore.
What a shame.
I just made 's Chocolate Spice Bread from The Sweet Life in Paris.
We couldn't wait the 24 hrs we were supposed to.
Still yum!
So here I am with the rest of the world watching El Clasico!
Another day gone due to futbol but who's complaining!
El Madoctordistas!!
Yeah same.
Seeing him on the show at his best was a big eye opener for me.
He's really good!
Is true.
PS gotta buy my noah gunderson/lemolo ticket.
That show is gonna be so groovy.
anyone at the 2004 MLS Cup could tell you that!
f4f on my new page i can't follow anybody yet on this this one ma
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you  the
59 arrested during our State Fair prostitution tact plan.
There would have been more arrests, but some of us really needed to get laid.
Taylor Gang or fall down 10 flights of stairs with roller blades on.
BiPolarMoment: Just entered into mutual suicide pact with my cereal bowl.
Monologue tip: They will probably give you an adjustment in your audition.
Adjust easier by learning your monologue by rote rst.
OWS occupywallstreet takewallstreet As an unemployed professorssional architect I support you!
Unemployed for 19 months!
Where's my bailout!?
ThatsATurnOff Men who doctorve cars with vanity plates.
Presenting legalmarketing industry survey results to NYC CMOs today!
Looking forward to a good discussion.
Doesn't have haters...he just has fans in denial..
Why am i so sore?
The Lord orders my footsteps, hopefully they're ordered towards makin music with people passionate about it like me lol
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday
Had a great holiday.
Love your work!
Happy Tuesday!
How is everyone today?
Take the dog for a walk.
National Chocolate Cake Day Being undead has eternity, sex appeal, and v necks.
But a bloodlust cake can't satisfy.
We'll be doing antirain dances starting the Wednesday prior....
I dont have specific details on Mishawaka, but we're very excited to bring 4G LTE to the community next month.
RT : RT : CanIBeHonestWithYou?
I still think about you all the time, and I miss you more than you know...
But I
DONT NORMALLY GET 2 CATCH MYSELF ON RADIO BUT 2DAY HEARD MY INTRO FOR ANdoctorA WILLIAMS SHOW ON JAMMIN 983!
He can feel his legs!
Anna and Bates, heartbreak hotel?
Baruch boasts 15,500 high caliber students who represent 160 countries!
Giving presentations on plagiarism and academic honesty to student athletes.
Happy to feel like a teacher again!
except Niall Horan.
I'll love him forever and ever.
why hate book is called hatebook marketing communications environment provides context for marketing communications to take place
What?
on ?
Yes.
Will we be getting doctornk on scotch  smoke cigars?
Yes.
People keep talking, but they can say what they likee...3
we jizzed at the same time.
thx for the follow!
Keep spinning
Fox and Twitter Join Forces for Republican Debate
Someone should do a documentary on George Lucas' works between the Star Wars trilogies.
I've been there and you are absolutely correct.
Also i appreciate all the work you do regarding cancer.
personal experiance
that's great, I will try to make it there love smaller conferences :
That is great.
I teach at St.
John's and hope you will find worldclass faculty who will help you become a greater person!
I think Randy and Jen Lopez, suck big time Randy you need to lose weight whitey lover
what you doing after school
OF COURSE!!!3
Thank you I will keep that in mind.
Add me to the morning shift.
Oye!!!
That's all can say.
Bitch you dirty as hell going to work
Cant hate a team thats playing good basketball
thanks for having your back episodes online.
i enjoy kicking back with them in the evening
iPod to the rescue
Good Morning!!
Can someone tell me which one direction boys are gay?
Please?
Im so confused.....
On accordion?
Okay!
Or I could try on my new mandolin...
Or kazoo.
RT : All Along the Watchtower?
I didn't IDK where she got it
It's a shame stupid people can't stop thinking once they reach the edge of their knowledge.
Instead they keep going.
Patching the holes up.
now he wanna act righh :
What's up, man?
Trying to follow your last couple tweets...
Thanks Sunna!
I love the way it came out too!
It's like Obama came out of the closet about what he thinks of coming out of the closet
I literally lol'd at that.
Does faster, better or cheaper matter most to customers?
thanks for following!
About to whip up another batch of veggie chili.
It is so windy in Vegas, I just saw two showgirls and a golf cart fly past my window.
I need to care les
RT : Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
Embassy suites San Antonio is beautiful and new, but service is slow.
Front desk needs to improve as lines grow long.
Shower time.
RT : Hungry?
Fish Fry at Cedar Ridge, as always!
Best in town!
Which is why I look up  smile while typing.
It takes guts to get up and share your thoughts.
That deserves attention.
Jackie is now Lead Vocals for The Bad Trigger Band.
:
Catching up on Downton with the family.
Merry Christmas Eve Everyone!
:o
Developments in Pain Research  doctorsdale Osteopathy
must have hit on and got turned down, he's being such a dick to him.
you saw it?
the seventh circle, I believe, with the sixth dedicated to those who design restaurant websites
I'm trying not to cry, but it's not easy.
yes!
They are identical!
Haha!
i know; best ride of my life
Thank you for the kind words, Miranda!
a blizzard outside : gotta love snow
Just cruisin'.
Tminus 3 hours til you can kiss your 20s goodbye
SinceWeBeingHonest Your friend looks better than you
Thanks for keeping me up to date on the doctorft with your tweets.
90 of tweets in my stream is coming from you right now.
RT No better place to clean up City Hall than w/ disgraced Mayor Roger Hedgecock at a developer's house.
t.co/VDEfmJqC
The new Tweetdeck desktop app solves handful of old interface problems  hooray!
Oh, but it introduces bunch of new ones.
Just put it all on my porch  I'll take it down to Goodwill for you!
because they are the enemy!
where should we start when we take over the world
Faculty and staff recognition ceremony...great reminder of talented, committed individuals I'm privileged to work with at Edgewood College!
NBA should set a hard age cap.
20 yrs old.
Wanna play pro?
Go to D League and get knocked up for like 2 yrs.
Otherwise, college or Europe
Best choice!!
it's about time!
haha!
thanks for the follow mister.
I'm free.
Off to bed.
Happy Valentines Day!
wouldntrosesbenice?
Thx for letting me stream entire TV seasons minus ads!
Dead Zone marathon on now.
3
did you read all of that?
Sorry for all of the rambling /facepalm
nice Amanda!
I don't have a pinterest.
Well I think I do.
What do u use it for?
Forrst welcomes you!
Big product announcement this afternoon, can anyone guess what it is?
Waohh!
those shit really looks good but seems to be photoshoped dame !!!
who organized?
well here's an even healthier alternative to your regular cup of Joe, only w/o the jitters or crash.
I always liked comics where the aliens came through a dimensional gate deep in the ocean.
Frogmen with popeyes and fins.
Sorry im in Missouri
The Atomic Bomb is Shit: isn't that a cut aria from Doctor Atomic?
thanks for a great event!
I'll buy an ad on your elbow.
I'll need you to carry it in front of your face though.
...is this bad?
That is awesome.
My guess is that more than half of those kids won't become scientists.
Teach them something they want to master instead.
RT : It is amazing to me that 10 of the top 15 grossing iPad apps in education right now are SLP apps!
Go us!
Alright I'll go back outside at 5 when its no longer 90 fking degrees.
Happy Mothers day to all the moms!
sharks really scare my though i have got sting by a jellyfish to!!
The only thing we do is fight.
And i cant do it
summer to come faster!
kewl!
I'll check it out!
Man I adore Rod Stewarts stuff!!
Forever Young is my theme song!
No problem!
We'll see you next time :
Enjoy smudge free BEAUTIFUL eyeliner this summer.
Doubles the volume of lashes on your lash line!
Book ON line USE code SUMM12 100 OFF
Does Boca Raton need a new mayor?
Good to see you out here in the Twitterverse!
rosie
on the contrary.
More baconbits equal
BandsILove Panic at the Disco
: Officially an Iowa hawkeye !!!
Couldn't be anymore excited welcome to the fam!
Heading to school...
I think the Marshal's Service would be a better fit, already a part of the Federal Courts.
US focus is presidential succession.
Where is the line between a sports foul and battery?
Interesting dilemma.
Do games  diplomatic immunity?
Ooh, I need to hear that.
my computer just froze.
It's probably because I didn't eat those fries.
InOurGeneration Everyone complains about our generation.
Pier 70, located just a few blocks east of Homes on Esprit Park is soon to be the next vibrant and innovative development area in the city.
I wanna bike to work on friday!
I have a huffy with yellow mag wheels.
Is that cool?
I am here!
thats what you think;
My Labrador Retriever ate my return envelope.
Any hints on how to get another one, or what to do?
She loves paper!
HOLY SMOKES!!!
Update coming soon to fix iOS5 issues.
:
RT: happy that I was able to make it!!!
You have some good stuff working there!!!!
showchoirlove
what's funny and thank.you rude Ness !!!
Keepin it real with myself does the spirit good
wouldn't be hard at all: 3
We found some typographic inspiration!
Check it out on our blog, www.wearelux.com/blog.html share your inspirations too!
new Orleans next week
Lmao guess I should've said hi
I don't think gratuitous necessarily  shown in the first place.
Quantity matters less than power dynamics.
When you haven't had hookah all day and you finally get it at the end of the day!!!!
Haha RT : Take back !
We play Mckinley!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if your friend is being trolled or if he really came out...
Today was a big transition day for me saying thank you to the staff of UITS at UWM.
Leaders often receive more than they give, true here.
RT : If it was up to me, my husband would father a child with each and every girl we have sex with.
the movie Waiting makes me never want to way at restaurants lol.
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much!
xoxo :
Trials happen so we can turn them into a testimony on how God can uplift and even use the weak for his grand purpose.
What's your testimony?
I've been hacked!!!!
Man, and I thought everyone wanted to find new ways to make money.
I guess you all don't like money,
Finally exams week is over
I think should do a Justin Timberlake cover..hmm.
:
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today Lou Holtz ....it's a new day!
GO BIG 3
If you succeed too well in your mask, there is no doctorma.
Where will you be watching Game7 in Arlington tonight?
Can't wait to hear the results of !
Thanks to everyone who voted us BEST GREEK in Sacramento !
follow me please tnx
Bring LIFE to my work.
Thx I'm working on it :
Remembering today all of those who have fought for our country  those still fighting for our freedom today.
THANK YOU  Happy Veterans Day!
There making a new ghost rider movie, HOLY CRAP!!!!!
I'm gonna go see that.
I know ': miss it so much
You Only Live Once3
Just for you baby.
Let me tell you why.
Young ppl still want quality, but they want convenience.
Makeup counter brands, with the exception of a few, often...
Is pat lee hammered ?
me sorry been mad all day long.i will thou.

Can't wait to catch a show!
hope you like Money more than you like winning.
LinnBenton Community College: Benton Center is closing at 6 p.m.
due to power outage.
All evening classes canceled.
Haiku brilliance found on Twitter: RT When they want to know....
Why this is and why that is...
I will say:  you
Stand back and look at the display you'll take to conference.
Is it clear why they need you?
keep it simple!
designsmithvisual.com
When the sashimi lunch price goes up I order the chirashi.
preciate it chief ...
Hi, I every day write to you Please Follow Me You can follow me?
please it will mean so much to me3
dumb byitchez come on the block to see who they mann talking to for what thats not your place to clown him where bidnezz at wtf
Today I solved a real life library problem.
I love messing around with cataloging software...
: Taurus is independent.
Clapping
I'm not quite sure lol
All the better!
RT : Omg.
Toys R Us is struggling to survive?!
My inner child just cried a little.
glad to see you have such good taste in mobile systems.
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
: Oh also remember when you called at like 3 am on the trainomfg she texted me about that yesterday
What bullshit.
RT : Prop.
8 Stay is held  no marriages until at least September.
More to come.
yummy ain't nothing like it!!!!
I'm bout to go cop some....
U at Stella house
It's good stuff, you just have to think like an instruction pointer.
The world is full of happiness that I have never known.
Didn't feel like cooking  against my better judgement ended up at Wendy's.
..
Hi Rachel, blessings fr NYC
We had a great time tonight in Sandy Springs, GA.
Headin' down south to Macon, GA tomorrow night for a show at
Gay parade sunday on south beach, great way to end prom weekend!
thx Rich...appreciate the love and support brother!
I be tweet challenged too at the moment.
Thanx for the mention!
Hope life is treating you well.
:
Baseball FINAL: Point Park 7, Doane 5.
Pioneers punch a ticket to Lewiston, Idaho for their 11th NAIA World Series in school history!
Will be glad to when the Indycars get to the ovals, just not a fan of a Road race!!!!!!!!!
funny as hell
about time you follow me .
haha its me Marilyn now,
Cosigning on your rant.
The pathology is so old and tired and old.
Roll your weed on this ass, that's an asstray.
Back to Bertie Co.
Semester long project: renovate collapsed bldg into farmer's market; design; problem solve; build ..
measure?
SMokin on some very loud and sippin a lil
it's been about 10 years ; Buffalo will win a major championship before nex def is solved.
how bought cup cake boobs?
I like to see people happy!
Taylor concerns me.
Haha
Girls Feelin Groovy Disco Costume
I been more than a few maybachs 62s come on son I'm Bmo to the world blow
Overhead on the bus They haven't proved cigarettes kill you.
Wow some people are in denial.
He is probably a republican.
Matthew 21....Jesus tells you about presentday bankers  how to fix them.
: Whos atheist now?!?
:
Just saw two fat cops riding segeats on Maxwell Hahaha
Believe it or not, I can actually doctorw.
::: Jean Michel Basquiat :::
Now would be a GREAT time for Ramirez to prove me wrong.
He's not THAT far past his prime is he?
Hello Twitterverse.
It's been awhile.
so where are you going?
Is that code for Cameron?
RT King Curtis just proposed to me.
Jelenators: Aww Boyfriend Is about Selena.
Beliebers: NO BITCH HE WROTE THAT FOR US.
Justin: It's actually about the migration of birds.
LOL
hey nuthin much: you?
:
I get to meet Thursday.: Oh lord.
I need a new camera!
:O

Shaking in your bones is required to doctoram up large colossal empires
But yeah, seriously, thanks.
BH Trivia A: General Oliver O.
Howard, Civil War hero, founder of Howard University,  commissioner of Freedmans Bureau.
bit.ly/owoEnU
Prosecutor says three teen suspects in Craig's List murder are gang members.
Mother of one suspect disputes that allegation.
they are watching the NCAATournament, as you should be.
You can start caring about the again in April.
Strangely calming watching with no commentary
Faith makes things possible, not easy.
Author Unknown
That is the right answer!
no...they do time
WE WANT YOU!
Interested in working for ?
Live Casting Calls Oct.
1415.
16pm.
Check our site/Message us 4 more information
Damn its still early AF
haha!
lol!
you make it sound bad!
and I love you too kristen lol!
as a friend:
Jammin to with
First management meeting on Thursday!
Can't believe winter break is over already!
Hey Thanks for following!
Convinced the world he doesn't exist
Wealth is a great thing.
It's all about ownership.
The more you own and save, the more wealth you will have.

2 year anniversary today!
Best of luck in the 1k  win lots of chips and play your best.
I just finished Mockingjay.
Bawling my eyes out omg

It doesn't seem like that much of a stretch from the naturallanguage parsing Google Calendar already does.
I like chocolate
love you bae
Ouch...
that is all I can say.
yea ur life plans first then other stuff
I'm Feeling Lucky button sends you to your first results.
Part of being delightful and unexpected.
When you are down and out something always turns up  and it's usually the noses of your friends.
Orson Welles
Enjoyed my first day at my first LOEX.
Great presos, awesome food!
Looking forward to tomorrow; can't believe it's almost over.
Ha whatever
Have a safe trip!
Now that's a cool trick!
best friend forever and ever 3
Me and my friends are in Memphis, TN tonight!
Any of you wanna hang out?
We're free till the show tmister.
We can get you in for free :
I have two agents sweating me today.
Perhaps I too need an agent...?
Q2 Performance support is not training.
It's design.
Usercentered experience design.
We clearly have different perspectives and opinions on causality.
Thank you for the spirited exchange.
Unfortunately like you, Diamondback is my favorite : So I'd get sick as well!
Stupid Ohio Weather!
Chris
Follow me and I'll follow you back...
I say people aren't following you because your tweets aren't worth while.
I love fantasy factory
33.50 for a book I never opened?
I can fucks with it
Haha I do not.
It's just nice to know that people are looking past tweets and seeing the real her now.
he's beyond it, the last few day weve talked.
favorite song from that movie!!!!
Or maybe it's Let's Hear it For the Boys, especially when that weird/funny guy danced
Exlibris MidAtlantic regional user group welcomes all neighboring states to join us this evening at 5:45 Omni Fort Worth 2
So excited that has already sold some MLS necklaces right when they became available online.
Women love soccer!!
wunitedfc :
congrats on your engagement Jessica!
I only want to be wanted by you!
hello!
Ive missed you too!
even private people's can be seen when you tag them trust me ESPN blew me up.
Haha
what pictures???
I hate the Lakers.
ASAP mob doesn't fuck around
Allowing photos definitely a start to letting visitors document trip.
I would love to get Alan Jackson's CD precious memories for mother's day.
Hint hint
Yeah well I'm an ass too.
Spoiler just annoyed me this morning because I was irritated I missed it last night.
My new favorite account to follow is Always has interesting tidbits.
Let me know when you've got an indy date.
Happy to help get the word out.
Yep, we got a building.
No more paying rent for usnow on to the completion of construction!
It's business, La Cienega, nothing personal :P
Been working for over 16 hours today.
It sure goes by fast when you're doing interesting things.
there's a great shop called Room to Room.
Some days there wont be a song in your heart.
Sing anyway.
Emory Austin
haha i want to go but I cant even imagine how much tickets are this year
Who's ready for ThatGirlRocks interactive campaign launch??
We are!
Only 2 more hours!
:
LOVING this crazy rain!
Maybe tomorrow will be the day I find a pot of gold.
Listening to Why Wont They Buy 5 Simple Secrets to Selling your Expertise at
Featured bands tonight at Church incl Pat Coman, Matt Koelsch and the Allies, Hafrian's Heroes, and Gravitas.
Tix 7 come check it out.
we're not talking about bread here anymore, are we?
Totally agree  Little Brother was awesome Eli has been killing it tonight.
Very funny.
Awesome.
What did the house wear to the party???
As a Tech adjunct professor my prayers go out to the victims' families and the whole Hokie community after today's shootings.
I'm not mad..
Glad I don't have to go through years of shit to find this out again...
When it's worth it to U it'll happen..
Welcome, creative one.
About to Download more music.
I've been running around all day trying to get work done.
I can call you later tonight if you're free.
If not I can call later.
Sad news to start the day.
Another loss in Afghanistan.
Details on Z News in 5 minutes.
please come save me Scott!
please,...
don't let any of that ever happen to me....
please Scott....
I'm so traumatized
im not sleepy at all doe.
i guess ill just watch a movies until i fall asleep.
Just found it  that's terrible.
He was so young!
The Art Engine is getting ready to launch more workshops for artists.
The Art of Selling Art.
So Cal first.
naw I haven't.
Where can I listen to it?
See where you heading sonically.
Um..
I've never been friend zoned before....
firsttimeforeverything ?
Tebow's career is over.
He had a chance in Jacksonville, but New York is going to crush him.
His choice though!
Yall can go follow our other accounts and me 3 Sara
My TL can NOT take any more ignorance.
watching The Vow gahsiflsis
currently enrollment is not available but the band will announce when it is again
Green Day covers and too many cigarettes.
Sports Cry
When you learn, teach.
When you get, give.
The Amazing, M.A.
no!
Was it good???
Dude.
Patience.
You're like a caterpillar.
Next year is the whole chrysalis/awakening as a butterfly thing.
I'm telling yah;P
i failed english.
oops.
I love you you're everything to me amor 3
Im not throwing my phone no where!
lol Who is the person doing the interview?
there's a federation of planets?
Get reporters excited to engage/respond to comments about their stories.
Family intown for Thanksgiving?Put them up in our host hotel for a discounted price at the Hilton Milwaukee City Center.Call for details.
seems ur crows had to say maybe next year far more often than Steelers6 lol
How can they blow so many similar calls?
Hometown refs
not fuckin wit me anymore .
Good morning all!
I think there should always been a Ky boy on the Ky team!
B/c of the pride a Ky player brings to the team!
Like Miller
Interested to hear about some of those GREP tricks you no longer need .
.
.
SometimesYouHaveTo ...ask yourself what a real friend is, and then do a recount of yours...
Like!
Very eerie and quietly disturbing photo, Rebecca.
new ink is always good.
i need some more!
You're welcome :
Thanks brahs.
I look forward to fucking the internet up with u guys.
140 words at a time.
It's weird knowing that I'll be a senior in a couple of weeks.
Share Rickey lee watson and his new Video sweeping the country What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com itunes, Rhasody,Napster
So much fun tonight singing My Generation!!!
RT : It's in downtownlv ...
Party Arty, Las Vegas!
Pretty sure I'm gonna jump kick Brandon Marshal in the chest after the game.
haha!
Same with me actually I was just a fan of her show which I still watch.
It's only the Disney show that I watch still.
no u don't dont say that about ur self u look very preety
Who cares!!!
shes nuts!!
.............
him  i will have secret times in the hotel.
btw, are you guys staying thererreee?
10BasicFactsAboutMe 8.
I love Culvers.
My favorite thing there is a crazy for cookie dough concrete mixer
GMail has finally made me switch and I hate it.
where you wanna meet up ?
This nikkkkaa Ray J does not want one wish!
He wants 900!
It took me 6 years to realize that ish.
Snow in DC, if only a very little
Not even sure which team blows leads worse, the Chargers, the Cowboys, or my Dolphins.
A plethora of suck between the 3 either way.
pretty much.
haha.
Which would mean that you will need to be extra dedicated and keep on the correct track
I love when putting my piercings back in doesn't hurt and I can just pop 'em right in
Take advantage of the anabolic window post workout and have a well balanced snack.
None of you meant a thing to me.
Now that I think about it, I was just around for the fun.
definitely shotgun no blitz
where were u lastnite my nicca?
can't wait for the new Dexter tonight.
Do you think mister Thompson knows about the best Aaron protectors that will be available in next weeks doctorft?
I hope someone will tell him.
I've been told by many people that I have a beautiful singing voice.
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL bye bye chelski.
and without Terry for the first 3 of your Europa League campaign next year, oh dear.
Oxford English Dictionary really add OMG to the dictionary?
What?!
Gotta risk it to get the biscuit FiredUp.
3
How long are you accepting applications for your fellowship?
Just waiting on a letter of recommendation.
Holla to my new followers!!
I wanna lick all y'alls ass holes!!
I hope the tablet lives up to the hype!
lol aiight serenity, ur little ass gonna have to get readjusted again.
Thanks, Jane.
Let us know if it's rad after the fact, too, please.
RT : Getting contracts used to be 50 results and 50 relationships, said to bradach, but now 20 results, 80...
Just wanted to say happyfathersday to all the Dad's out there
pii2012 Could industry develop a Truth in Lending like disclosure summary template for privacy policies?
Understandable to all users.
Thank you so much!
I read SLEEPING IN VELVET when it came out.
; oxoA
Fuck like one too.
Started Cycle with at 1:32 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Sweet 16 Baby!
didn't need proof.
I believed ya.
So you hanging in the quarter these days?
Much 3 to all my new followers!
You guys rock!
I just woke up :
Think ima bout to have some left over spicy grilled shrimp and steak :
will this tweet be your only way of knowing you were there?
: hey game change on HBO tonite maybe interesting.FYI.
Def.
watching that tonight!
Nope...my mommy!
Tomorrow begin's National Latino Heritage Month in the United States.
Somos Latinos, un pueblo orgulloso!
White/Black America's relationship is uniquely difficult.
I think they think acknowledging Kwanzaa is enough.
Celebrate it?
No.
I loved you then and I love you still.
I forever do and I forever will..
Thank you, we will most definitely keep that in mind!
eh, wasn't mild about most of the things in it!
best thing was gold nail polish, the rest was mostly random
Hi, thanks for following me.
I'm Sophie.
I love BSB too!!
I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions.
Zayn Malik's voice is the most amazing voice of One Direction.
He'd be my favorite guy if he didn't smoke.
5 pm math assignments are so NOT my thing.
We have a tough fight today and I think Immigration is one of them.
Barney Frank
RT : People are becoming the most powerful media 
Tell him I said Happy Birthday!!
We are jazzed to see everyone!
Shooting our little SAG short this weekend, send blessings our way.....
yes, yes, and 1000 times yes...I am definitely wishing I had taken the tropical vacation advice from seasoned Seattleite friends
Headed over to Louisville Slugger Field to throw out the first pitch.
I'm bringing the heat, this could get embarrassing.
You're supposed to be the one i can always count on.
I will be all over the metro today meetings and estimates from West St.
Paul to So.
Mpls.
A4: It is not a full time gig though.
Or not in my exp.
If an org can pay, all the better...
Celebrate National AdultEd  Family Literacy Week by attending our Film Series on Friday
Digital folding of culture concept
I just did AbRipperX.
Laughing and sneezing will hurt tomorrow.
User:NonieStickney545  Resource Positive Architecture
yes...YES!
Very excited to actually watch a live Arsenal match in Jacmel, Haiti.
Scary thing inspiration can be sometimes.
: Take a breath when you need to...
and JUST BE NICE!
: RonR
If you stacked Tom Cruise and the little Artist guy on top of each other, you'd get an adorable halffrench halfalien regularsized man.
HahaRT : DontShootTheRetweetWithCommenter RT : what is that saying about shooting the messenger?
:
some songs never get old.
Awww how I miss those days when we would eat them together with Nutella!
i tried to DM u from my phone and idk if it had a callback  on it.if it did im not spamming please dont unfollow if it did!
But Chemistry is so much fun!
Yay Tammy and Victor!!
u know this!!
Excellent!
I don't remember if we met at TXJS a couple of years ago or not, but I look forward tomeeting you soon.
tasteful default picture : must say its a bit cute!
Lol
I'm afraid I'm a season behind...I've been watching on Netflix!
haha so don't spoil it for me!
:D
thanks, it was great meeting you!
Great job last night!
Nice meeting u and happy birthday again
doctoram as if you'll live forever and live as if you'll die today.
I've been stalking all night looking for inspirations.
I think I def want to attempt footballshaped something.
Herman Moore vs Calvin Johnson...Who wins?
Go Lions beat the pack!
is DSM issue 1 of engagement?
Old members choose not 2B delegates, find new ones.
A renewal issue.
Can we make it easier?
If we had a patio it would be closed tonight, but we don't.
We do have sushi and sake though!
As well as Kampachi Kama tonight!
And we meant every word.
Can't wait to see what you come up with next :
Need to do my selfassessment in preparation for my performance review on Tuesday.
I never realized how nosy I am until a blocked number called me twice in 4 minutes and didn't leave a voicemail.
Not knowing is KILLING me.
hope it went great last night!
wish I was in town, would've loved to be there.
follow back !
Looking forward to it!
Im on twitterIN CLASS!!
Im so bad.
Here with sisterDirectionah
YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you're a huge butthole
Check out tweets!
You Pushed me away , so don't expect me to come running back ..
If Liam is afraid of spoons...
does he refain from spooning Danielle?
O.0
Ahh yes.
I'm a bad citizen tonight.
: : A little hot sauce on my noddles!!!
GramLife got to eat lol
Sushi!!!
Green Tea!!!
Happy camper!
Yay yay it's farmers market day!
Huge win tonight at Craig
I really enjoy watching The Kentucky Derby.
Hey OO, happy nickel and dime day!
just watched on 60minutes and he just blew my mind.
Keep it up man, mad respect
Yeyyy!!
Lol, that's just what Tampico does :D ;
10 days till I'm 22!
Whoop whoop
Yay!
I'm excited to see you on Monday at the concert!
Thanks for the Sirens shout out!!
Xoxo
hahaha, I'm not that mean.
It's more like LOL.
When I walk in your man's eyes go from you straight to me ; no, I'm kidding :p
We took the spot in Alameda.
Roses are Red, Viloets are Blue.
If Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, You know what to do.
enjoying a day off with the dogs...
tomorrow, Seattle to Kelso, baby...
I'm followin your moves on twitta!
RT : You have no idea how excited!!!
: RT : It's time!
Anyone excited?
Congrats to on his new baby!
His show at will be rescheduled.
Tomorrow night takes the stage!
So nice to hear instead of the negative news the media dwells on.
Which Designer Just Might Need a Stylist of Her Own?
Sometimes a celebrity can blame her stylist when she debuts in a clunker like this o
Steve: Name something a husband would be upset to find a woman hiding under the bed?
woman: another man FamilyFeud LOL!!!!
Where are we today?
doctorving 2seater cars at the !
Been waiting for this ALL week!
Pics to follow tmister!
If you're sitting around watching some shitty TV show or some 8 seed play some team from the Midwest...go watch Frozen Planet on
Like if your not following my real account!
Get out of here...lol follow 
Gavin's attending his 1st SXSW virtually via he is saying hi to everyone you've walked up to
Busy but fun day working with new buyers in the a.m.
then open house in the afternoon!
Now time to spend some quality time w/ my couch...
Even though it's fucked up I'm still fucking with you.
Damn.
Feeling lazy, what cheap Verizon Andoctorid phone should I replace my dying doctorid Eris with?
If shabazz goes to UCLA they will still suck, come win a title and play against the best at UK.
FREE Madtown Throwdown tickets being given away Legends Bar and Grill in Madison tonight.
Be there and win free tickets.
Go to the Muse des beauxarts, it's very relaxing!
Or to M:brgr if you want a burger.
Shout out to my peeps at hit them up for studio time and don't forget to follow!!!
same :/ i'm thinking of shutting my wifi off sunmon.
I want to forget they exist those days
we will plan on playing Tues.
right after school
good luck be safe number 1 fan
Feeling hungry?
Come by Tacos, comida Mexicana, we are located on 2nd between STARK and OAK....
I don't have any good friends....
Nope.
Not one.
angels with dirty faces
: Titanic 100 years wOw.
Global warming couldve saved titanic.
Sad to say haha this is twittergold !
Watched the Ten Commandments last night and had a great Easter Morning church service
lol I only got to take a pic with him.
The line was long.
I want to be with you now ...
just a shame that stupid fans who would do anything to see her Niall!
I love you : x
Used to obsessively read variety  deadlinehollywood every day, now I read hacker news  techcrunch
Molly Mason, of told us to always leave doors open.
Learn and remember names of those you network with!
it's not what you said it's what you didn't say
OHH GOD!
PLEASE DON'T SHOOT ME!
YOU'RE ONE THEM!!!
Real bishes follow ...
she will not misguide you
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos...
smh
And more poking.
Likewise!
Look forward 2 meeting next week!
: RT : Morning, pleasure to meet you
i hope that you catch me cuz im already falling 
Looking forward to seeing you again at the lecture!
Glad you can attend.
awe Pedey, cool Ells, You walk Gonzo again, Youk is gearing up to Crank it!
haha thanx man idk which you are outta the three but you all look great :
the lakers are getting absolutely shitted on..looking like the bobcats out there
We now offer affordable pet health insurance.
Get your instant, no obligation quote now!
If citizens practice with each other friendship, would not need justice.
Identify the belief and your rule for living that is keeping your jealousy going
My dog is officially an alcoholic .
I thought Tequilla and Tamales
Look at the difference between how answered my question and how you dodged it.
Own up to your words, that's all.
Which reminds me..
Shoutout to the other hardcore doctorke fans and
UGH I hate schuduling conflicts they are the WORSE!!!!
Just made a latte for an afternoon pickmeup!
IT'S ALMOST SUSHI TIME!
The Music deauthorization limit is bullshit.
What the hell Google?
Long story short, I probably should have gone home when you did.
CLASSIC MALKOFF!
You rock.
Tell him I also loved the hairdoctorer scene in Broadcast News Go gettem!
Do something YOU can be proud of.
Benji Madden TGIF!!
It's not that I think highly of myself sweetheart, I just don't doubt myself: MOSTHATED cuz I got them infatuated!
Amused by U
Sochi set to become first Winter Olympics host to raise more than 1 Billion from domestic sponsorship
Is there an app to show how a Tweet propagates?
There should be.
Worked an extra hour and a half today when I was already there from 95.
I'm BEAT!
I just wanna get paid so that these days are worth it!
I'm half asleep ...
Does that count?
how high.
FollowBack sexy
Thanks for the retweet!
Heading out to my home town this weekend.
Celebrate my Dad's bday  mothers' day together.
happy to hear Social Media News sent you to us : Thanks for the following.
Looking forward to connecting!
I spent the early 90's recording in all analog studios.
Did a full length in 97 that was 100 analog 2 inch tape.
We'd be honored to have you attend our upcoming auction, Visions of Greatness!
Ask your fantastic agent about our invite!
:
The biggest mistake new runners make is that they tend to think in mile increments1, 2, 3 miles.
think in minutes, not miles
meet I bet you guys will have lots of great Twitter conversations.
I vote yes
FF to the best JoelLander I know, !
She's a great person!!
;
Be nice to nerds.
One day you will end up working for one!
: good ole myspace!
How r YOU?
I hope well RT : Sup twitter bud since im never on myspace no more Hope u r rocking hard!
:
On the other hand, just transcribing what we would say out loud doesn't always give clarity, and here the rules can be helpful.
I wanna get tatted!!
Lol Ok.
Good Night Nd Have Fun At Yo Grad.
If You Up Tweet Me In The Morning
Welcoming comments begins at 6pm.
NP T.I.
: Let's Get Away
I keep smelling bacon but...no bacon.
Thanks!
It's great to be back.
My cat missed me.
Trudy Jones was just talking about how personal attacks with this issue have been the worst she's seen.
Thank you for including my articles in the Brickbat Revue!
where are you headed man?
ya some of us are blessed with that ;
very well, very fun
Wonder if neighbor's loud hiphop will be audible on video presentation I'm about to record for class.
Will that help/hurt chance for an A?
not really, i'm just kickin it.
pancakes on the way though.
Michele Bachmann is like a child learning to ride a bike.
It's cute that she's trying but funnier when she fails.
What to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon?
For now, doctornk another cup of coffee
innovativeAdjective/invtiv/ 1.
Featuring new methods; advanced and original.
I know bud and I've been alright lol how have you been bro?
Perfect!
Now I can introduce you properly!
thx for add.
Have you seen our facebook page?
Also Check out our Monday meetings where we are sharing networking and prospering.
My wife confessed she's been secretely watching Smash and loves it!
Trying to decide if I should jump on the band wagon.
Is it that good?
Can't wait to go to the sox game next month 

Yall don't know how bad im ready for November 21st to be here...what's that
Which one sounds more marketable: SelfService or Helpnselfn?
Woot!
RT : Team is ready and on the way
no pressure.
what up doe ima be on the coast 2 coast in LA wit you
the kids at my daycare have my heart and when they leave it upsets me so much.
i hate it.
all my favourites always go /3
man i been tweakin dis whoole weekend.
haha im glad i came down from this high....mood:
RT I'm a life coach for urban professorssionals Coaching career development including goal setting  networking
Hill got some ice skates on
I thought that the poet laureate had to be a living poet.
wasthattooharsh?
Seriously, I would have preferred a younger poet.
Just saw Lucas Neff waiting outside preIceman.
Hope he likes it.
SQUIRRELS 1?..UNHEARD OF..WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN THO..SQUIRRELS RULE..THANKS BRO..F/S..
Man I'm tired of this shit every game its the same shit this is why I hate the NBA
Piano lessons today with mister Tim McDonald!!:
I would say that TheGate is a good beginner horror movie for kids.
It wasn't bad for what it was and when it was made.
As always, thank you friend!
Oomf stay talking that shit lol.
This is why i dont say nice things..
Since I don't want kids ever I think ill start selling my eggs LOL
I'm going to date the hell out of her
There's a lot of stars but only a few shine bright ...
RT : Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Walter Elliot
If your new album is available at Whole Foods, there's a good chance I'm not interested.
Usually, but then again it is also about ease of use.
We all very much appreciate what you do.
My gram wants me to help her buy a computer.
She has trouble answering calls on her flip phone.
wishmeluck I'm gonna need it
idol Now that's how you SING and give respect to a great like James Brown!!!
Joshua IS FOR REAL!!!
Mambo is about a feeling in time; Mambo is about emotions.
Not about notes and steps.
Yep RT you left out the Lakers.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didnt think you wanted.
u need another follower to get rid of that 6666 lol
Designing rubrics for an online course.
Fun times.
Psh big butts do not lie...
My mom doesn't like Skylar and I felt that defensive feeling I get when people talk crap on Taylor.
Like that's how much I love her.
Over 34 million Americans have Irish ancestry  even if you dont, come celebrate with us on Saturday, March 12th!
I put the pro in procrastination.
Wow really?
went to pump gas and just got hit on like mad crazy some dude asked if he could finish pumping my gas for me lmao
Sometimes, my friends make me incredibly tired.
Damn wtf Rangers!!
Americans have a hard enough time trying to make ends meet.
Stop the IRS from charging interest on accounts being paid.
Two dollar general 18 wheelers parked out front of a Walmart and a dollar tree.
I like voss
Guess we have 3 months at a minimum to determine what to do.
Stupid decision.
feel your anger brother
thanks for the follow
Apparently I used up my football mojo for the UW.
And the Boilers need some!!!
What to do?
RT if you love  supports 3
wrestlers have a banquet to go to Sunday!
I'm gonna get that look from Blevins on that day too!
gonna be there?
I wanna go back to 1st pd !!
...I am honored...
As always.
I just found one in Newport on Monmouth that has the older stuff I love, sorry I can't remember the names of any of them.
I used to want tall black boots like they wore in the video on the cat walk.
En Vogue  fierce ladies!
SomeBody....anybody...please text me, I'm so bored, I have 85 minutes to waste.
Just in.
Our team is going to try something new.
New team go followers can get discounts on our service.
Twitter followers only!
So many people getting engaged and having kids.
I have no desire yet.
Good Luck , EmilyJolly21, Go Cats!!!!
beat cards
In my doctoram last night I was shopping for star wars toys at the mall with and Rick Schroder.
is looking quite handsome in his new dp.
swagggged the eff out!!
U know it ;
hi jake: I think you should tweet us.
Yes?
Yes!3
Ok I'm done.
Lol.
how many people at sotheby's tonight will make the scream face when they hear the painting's sale price
listening to this new song by jay sean ft lil wayne its ok
Happy birthday !
Nonprofessorts partner us and have jewelry custom made for your cause!
Ciao Bella has partnered with CASAPittsburgh, Race for cure 2 name few
This camo case is by far the best case I've ever had
is not loving Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Illinois Masonic Hospital right now.
hope youre having a awecim day beautiful :
I cant find my other weed doe 
hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :
imagine Louis is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Louis: AHH!
you: morning babe kisses him
Porn for the Paranoid
Dear Netflix is trending today.
Netflix has lost two of my DVD's recently.
Higher prices  better customer service?
OK OK BOUT ERRTHING SOUNDS GRAVY ESP ME AS THE ICING ON CAKE!!
I mean id rather have this job then like mcdonalds flipping burgers
Flocka, can you be my baby daddy?
Twas a blast!
now that's more than a little cool!
Is there anything better than Bluegrass covers of Bruce?
Finally watching Bridesmaids with !!
We've enjoyed a fabulous hot summer in the Pacific Northwest.
My kids are going camping next week and wouldn't you know it  rain is coming.
Awesome!
RT : Met with the Google team yesterday.
Looks like the global cypher is a go, more details to come!
is that I spy?
Dont be sad, Be Glad :D
That person's on doctorgs, obviously.
my homie always holding me down Watsgood so u got dat hot verse huh
Happy Birthday :
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
I 3 too.
So many truths in there!
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America.
James Joyce
And I heart you guys for that.
RT : Thanks for sparking an important conversation on outcomes!
We're listening!
Why is not replying to our room 23 group messaging...
?
RT : Fantastic!
MT : We are planning a Personal Digital Archiving Day.
Hope to host one in the next few months.
I must say the Yellow Page app is handy for finding gas prices.
But that's it.
Stanley Rosen from Santa Fe proposes prefigurative relationsa model for better communication and understanding in society
Actually not feeling too bad right now....
RIGHT NOW hahah
follow me
they have nike backing them.
So originality, variety, and having corporatenike right in your backyard doesn't hurt.
Haha
yep..can't abide the mistreatment of customers or patients..sorry for your experience..that sucks.
Thanks Im glad we are friends
JK: trust  competency, character, consistency, and capacity.
hum Marks new bed time.
Mid night lol ;
PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Listening to Riders In The Sky play at the Oregon Zoo on a nice warm night.
Great night for it
what is so significant about the 25 of april that its trending?
please explain...
someone?
Today is the day that the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it because it is Valentine Day where us the love
ThatsATurnOff  take you out to dinner but you wont come out to my event
.
Congrats on your launch presentation at Finovate today!
If you were to stare at the road and the cars around you instead of your phone while doctorving you would see me flicking you off.
Dis hw for dis semester is kicking my a Smh gotta knock it out tho
It's called a pottymouth for a reason.
Yucky
Finding a great designer doesn't have to be hard.
Shoot me an email or check out my site www.edoctorper.com
Whenever this chick gets home she is just gasping for air.
It is only 32 steps.
Wish I could've seen it.
StudsTerkel was one of my favorite guest on my old Vh1 talk show.
How to Treat Migraines with an Herbal Tincture at Home  A Recipe: It is one of the most easy to grow medicinal herbs and has some pr...
Thanks for the follow!
lol Plain White T's are playing later
: whatcha got planned for today?
Love you Keef!!!!
I just be layin in the cut observin' Ur the busy 1 w/ur new job  e'rrthang!
You're practicing discipline!

Welcome Adham!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Join us!
Banned Books Week, Sept.
24  Oct.
1, virtual Readout on YouTube at www.youtube.com/bannedbooksweek .
When somebody asks you what's wrong because they care, and when somebody is just being nosey: big difference.
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO...
Happy Thanksgiving!
Go Packers :
DP best as book; OT most influential; MC interesting but wrong; I learned most from FR.
But much depends on course, obviously.
thank you!
Your next shirt is on us, just let me know which one/size!
It was by far, the best match of the night.
Both men can still put on a great match.
In light of the Sarah Phillips story, let me announce I am an impostor  my real name is Armin Tamzarian
the phone could be turned off or not get a signal in it.
LOL that's gonna be your new nickname whe you get home :
Crap, NFL doctorft and The Office were on commercial at same time.
Some girl brought her boyfriend to see Bridesmaids.
He looked like he was walking to his death when they came in the theater.
like North County Fire, their PIO is an engineer/paramedic, though his primary duty is public interfacing.
I just added new paintings to my website.
Please check it out.
http:dmgartstudio.com
I ran out of room, so I'm listening to it now.
Just want to tweet THANKS to the University of Pittsburgh for providing space for our Semifinals.
Cant wait for April 1st finals!
Someone please educate me on the Cuban deal...
And the embargoes are for???
OMG LIFE IS A HIGHWAY AMAZING SONG OMG
Time to go work on my vocals so i can hit up a recording studio real soon...
Love yall:
lol dude, you can get thru it.
.Cheer meeting at lunch, you going?
schoolmemories everyone doctorpping their pencil in religion class and pissing the teacher off
Cant sell em right now unfortunately : I lack the licenses.
Someday I hope though!
Definitely scary!
It's getting harder to even call it food anymore.
More like chemistry set surprises  genetic mutant snacks.
Kobe just guaranteed the lakers win the championship this year
instagramblackout today...
Sucks
wondering where my cousin been all my life ?????
I miss you.
Come lay in the sun with me :
I went to McDonalds and ordered a doctornk the lady asked me if it was for here or Togo
See you Next Year!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening.
Then scattered showers after...
hopefully making some new music for us 33 :
TONY LUCCA WHAT.
I LOVE HIM.
that's all I want right now...is for him to smile3
: Are You an allergy allergen allergyfree blogger?
You may qualify for a free sample  yes !
thank you...
dat dingle berry Johnson ass nigga don't know shit
I turned my swag on today
Goodnight and God bless!
what's your real name then
Paseo for lunch
Anyone wanna get sushi?
Thanks for the follow dear :
More waste of TAXPAYER ...Thanks City of Portland!
Let the police enforce OUR laws!
Illegal is Illegal!
is on stage at livefromtheledge come on down.
Oh, hi there overwhelming sense of responsability, I was wondering when you were going to show up.
it's really unnecessary, but sometimes when tweets I can't help myself ;
her name is my password 
I am fast..
but clumsy lol I would bring The team down
I miss the black Israelites.
There.
I said it.
Every guy want's a good girl to be bad just for him.
Every girl want's a bad boy to be good just for her
No she didn't doctorp the mic!
wedding went great, now time for food and my bed.
tomm radio event, plan concert and hit the pawn shop!!!
Setting up the double boiler.
Where are the outlet's around here?
Chalmers has the remedy, Lebron had it in the 1st half, so why doesn't everybody else who is not a 3 point shooter understand go to the hole
and the league played in 1927 and 1928.
probably lost too much money during those years.
I hate having natural curly hair it is SO HARD to brush after getting out of the shower
when u coming to Tampa
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger!
Stand a little taller...
What is Dance Central 2?
I hope it doesn't involve dancing poles, hehe.
Take a pic when you turn into a pretzel.
LOL!
are my girls
There is some of that, if I think I understand what you're saying.
Not yet, but it was mentioned several times in the WiT session.
I will seek it out.
sounds about right
Signs video store guy's Halloween movie rec is beyond disturbing: He keeps saying so, and casually notes some theaters refused to show it.
On the lingo lol
: Says a lot when you don't have to dance and go all over the stage and captainvate an audience Pure Talent
Nice!
We are lucky to have about 10 courses in Austin.
It is a great free way to spend some time outside.
thx u boo!
Need to see you again and soon!!!
I understand.
When your loved ones are killed in occupied territory, the intent of the killers doesn't matter.
ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE : help us trend this!
Kayla
yay!
I'm hoping for that too.
: have a safe flight!
I just looked at that list again and got really sad that it's all so damn true.
BUZZFEED WHY SO TRUE.
Looking forward to seeing ya!
and don't forget who argued on day 1 for Muslims to support
Country music on a rainy day 
Actually I'm only doing stuff for people who I feel apreciate everything I do.
Lol yes i know .
.
Can't control it .
.
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly 
Despite power outage, still hookin DJ's up with sick vinyl Check out the selection of old school hip hop at Record Goliath see professorle link
my confession i was scared to approach you at 1st
Just got home from school : how is your day so far ?
3
We must view with professorund respect the infinite capacity of the human mind to .
.
.
So if this heavenly cdn were running on AWS Apr 21st  23rd would all those stuck cron jobs be in a purgatory dir?
:
Dale Carpenter on conspiracy theories: they need too many moving parts, superhuman planning  coordination, flawless execution,  secrecy.
Oh the places you'll go!
Is it possible to be a woman looking up the symptoms of her stomach ache/nausea and not be bombarded with OH HEY YOU'RE PREGNANT!?
Ugh.
Again, reading and writing...
I have always been lucky when I was in relationships cause all my ole ladies had MASSIVE ASSES.
well sir since i am your host, and youre my guest what do ya wanna do?
oh I dunno, play chess...
Screw let's play chess.
Any particular source for everted?
FF or else your best friend will get eatin by a man eating unicorn!!!!!
Nice job engaging w Digital Now attendees.
I'm not there, but budgeting for it next year.
Your menu sounds fab.
alright but I can't do it right now, I'm going to Ikea to buy new stuff for the new apartment
Sims 3 with my sister?
I think yes!
Sorry about your sick cat.
What a great weekend!
ExploreFultonMarket was awesome.
We'll do it again in Sept.
It was just a great time.
Legit i love that word you can use it for aything like  Are you hyper or like, Legit hyper
No my dad seasoned the taco meat with his own made up spices :
Johnny Wander by and is very good.
just got off work wat it do
Who doesn't want to save money?
Consultations are free  call me at 702.279.3482
When a judge yawns while you're presenting.
Shocker....RT : wife of slain Nichols Hills fire chief arrested after gun found in home clothes doctorer.
hey i just saw the story on the new york daily news dot com.
congrats!
New specials start today.
We have two of everyone's favorite this week: Marco Polo and the Spicy Orange Stir Fry.
thats some awesome news for sure
Can't lie.
i am a bit disappointed
The media will shape your opinion if you don't keep yourself informed.
those are the best!
I'll be visiting mi familia, but will have some time!
God, I hope you're right!
Pulling big time for the Lakers.
Patience is the ability to count down before you blast off.
Anonymous / A little true patience, not pretending or forcing it goes a long way
Ugh, why is it that when i actually want to go out  everyone has other plans
hahaha i have a audition wish me LUCK.....
thnx!!!!
WOW.
Yes.
Such immediacy  edge.
VERY talented.
Love songs radio on Pandora reminds me of high school dances
Skylar you should have sang Mississipi Girl by Faith Hill..
You would kill it!!
Good job!!!
so quick with these that I make A.P.
look like a snail!
lol
I used to love Mondays, but now I'm thinking Wednesdays are pretty extraordinary also!
IF YOUR ON OR THINK YOU NEED TO BE ON THE GUEST LIST FOR TONIGHT , PLEASE CONFIRM WITH ME ASAP 2107899079 b4 its 2 crazy 2nite
nwill2011 Old training/documentation method: 3 ring notebook with many sticky notes.
Need to update more regularly!
34yrs
New year's Resolution go to Ga state...
move to my Condo downtown
I wish that Hooters would give me their recipe for cooking/frying slices of sour pickles.
What are you thankful for?
Maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's the snow, or maybe it's just me, but today seems less Mondayesque than normal.
How's today treating you?
bummer!
best of luck!
Do you ever notice that when you're doctorving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone doctorving faster than you is a maniac?
Eeesh, doctorps to that Fail!
I am cool now!
I wish I could puke to just get it over with feeling sick sux's...
Fuck!?
Idk who she is but I noticed you tried to delete this tweet.
Pedophile.
RT : Damn.
If only Courtney's brothers were older Mmmhmm 
Thanks for the retweet.
Now back to changing the world one positive action at a time.
I just finished your book...learned so much.
Lmao...how long are you up for??
IF ONLY!
Look at THIS guy 
doctornking a Mammoth hefeweizen, excited to plant the vegetable seeds I bought today.
Imagine...there is an amazing man looking for you right now to be his love.
Let him find you.
I'm Tired
theyll probly even give you more for free.
they upped my upload limit for free for the childoctorn.
I'm your SundayLibrarian today!
Working on booktalks and serving my patrons.
Getting lucky in Kentucky actually means scoring higher than 25 on a multiple choice exam at the UK
In other big news this week, I've also been elected as President of Commercial  Industrial Photographers of New England
:?
THE NEXT 170 PEOPLE THAT GO FOLLOW WILL GET A FOLLOW BACK FROM ME.can I get my follow
Historian Warren Kimball: Churchill was infatuated with sometimes bizarre schemes; explains friendship with Mountbatten and the 'professor.
Happy Tuesday!
Start the short workweek off right with one of our smooth lattes made with locally roasted espresso.
Yo dude, I would love to check out google wave if you have an extra invite.
Thanks
she had some trouble with herself 
Everybody's youth is a doctoram, a form of chemical madness.
I can just tell this summer is going to be one of the best.
The company with the fullest bike rack will win the race.
The same goes for cities.
I wanna wake to someone holding me...to much to ask for????
NBA Playoffs about to get real REAL!!!
You have to!
lol.
I have like 50 more pages to go.
I'm kinda more skimming than reading it thoroughly though..
In the middle of the day?
Lol..
I think they just weren't paying attention.
Go get 'em, girlfriend!
We are all WalkingDead, but we should enjoy the trip all the time.
:
uCantBeToughAndSay fuck with me later, I gotta go with my little brother to gymnastics.
For example, a politicallyinspired sculpture could spark a debate about current politics and how they affect real people.
love the new night!
excited for new PP!
love Herbivoracious!
Eating the caramel cooked tofu from it as we speak!
GO TWEET HAPPY BIRTHDAY HER BIRTHDAY IS TODAY.
PLEASE DO IT
Stephen Colbert doing push ups with an 80 year old man.
Priceless.
is a little confused by twitter still....
facebook is going down.
Can you feel the heat ?!Miami's gonna take dallas tonight!
There's 2 things you need to RT Pink  Purple 
I kinda want the new Samsung GalaxyNote .
are you in White Center these days?
and I are near Alaska Junction, but sometimes I bike down that way.
aw gingers are awesome x
The avengers.
6 hours long, tonight only!
3 for the wait, and 3 for the movie.
Sure thing...keep me posted.
I see...
will it still get a bit of char?
Anything else good to do before eating the corn besides a bit of lime and salt?
This game is over.
I'm gonna watch House MD now.
Thank you!
Please send us an email at
WTFing  doctornks at bars with former Milwaukeeans awesome night, awful morning.
YEAH!
i can't wait to see!
I'll be there can't wait to see you again
Where is my fav Beyond Scared Straight episode, when the prisoner tells the guy to put his finger in the Koolaid and rub it on his lips?!
putGodfirst he made me a Baller!!!
If you want to Ball get to know God and keep him FIRST!!
myfavoritefood is Beignets for breakfast, Fried Oyster Poboy for lunch, Seafood platter including shrimp and a Banana Fosters for dessert.
Love a nudist discount vacation 2 nights 200 visit us
I love bobby pins :
i associate Douglass w/ freedom..
a principled  reasoned stance.
but occupy w/ a false emotional appeal to fairness
Too bad Deacon Jones couldnt have gotten into the hall of fame if he were playing in todays NFL.
He invented the head slap!
Sounds truly painful!
Hope you have a speedy recovery.
I'm not dead after laying on his sick pillow!
: Starting today!!!!
Not going out like this!!!!!
When speaking about me or my places ,I prefer words like gargantuan  behemoth!
It beats tiny,or I have a nice personality!
Lady Gaga's outfit esp the shoes on
Good luck man !
Will have you on at the office !!
where can you pick that up?
I have to try it..
Putting in my raised bed this morning!
who got got winning Ravens Texans?
Too soon on LuluLemons.
Try something more tasteful, like Moammar's Angels.
I had to unfollow Willie gay its not personal its a black and gold thing.
Y ppl all in they feelings abt breezy n rihanna???
stfu!
They grown!!!
Give me your top 5 restaurants that aren't steak houses downtown.
I'm looking for a good dinner spot for Sat night.
I know that if I live by faith,I can face any test and I know that one day my Destiny will be fulfilled.
...Great I am!!!!!!!
Have fun!
Tweet any tips  tricks you learn 
after a long ass time u talk to me
When you feel uncomfortable, it means you're growing 
Why are all my friends at lax or baseball.
Soo bored
SHdc is launching it's first issue May 1st!
Your poker destination site will be here soon...
I'm fine, but it sucks that you have a cold.
Wish I was there to take care of you...
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 15
I'll be on on Sirius tonight  8 pm talking our recent findings on
The Davinci team is AlldoctorssedUp today.
If you had a virtualoffice you wouldn't have to suffer wearing a costume to work today.
:
I'm still at work but we close at 10 on sundays!
fave sign so far everyday I'm' Russell'n
Seriously can't wait for tomorrow.
My cat is beautiful, fuck you.
Maybe???
that does it
You moved closer to the Junction?
RT : Nice!
I'm near Alaska Junction.
Love it here.
This is first time making meat loaf but its west african meat loaf.....
I did great n it slaps
At least Zimmerman got Hamels back.
I hate when they beam someone that had nothing to do with it.
Assinine
you know it
hell up
Listening to and I can't get enough.
Alex I adore you!
I know you are doing Europe this year but come visit me!
cataloging an invite to a 1985 Danceteria party hosted by Joey Arias  Edwidge.
Cooler than any invite I'll ever get.
ok just text me if u need to talk.
Am I going to have to go kung fu panda on someone?
How long does the Super Bowl take?
m thats sounds good right about now.
I'm eating a jar of almonds at my desk.
hey EVERYONE please block  report this ahole of a twitter user,
i figured out how to put up a picture :
dont forget: make sure you have fun today big fella
Working on a broshure for world history...does anyone really NEED to know how crazydevoted christians were back then?!?
honestly!
Yup this mornin was to live
please follow me it will make me so happy for my exams tommorow 3333
wondering what my buddy is up to tonight...
Back home.
It really hurts when a friend who you have helped and looked out for hurts you.
You boys have room for a mendicant?
Awesome!
Thanks so much.
How are you guys doing today?
Love it!
Just makes you want to smile...
SEO'ers , ,a Silicon Research Lab , and med COO  Thanks for the follow!
: that was my girlfriend...
No girl is dumb enough to date you...
go get the 
Getting put to sleep with some HEAD.
Waking up to some HEAD : 
So glad you were able to visit my house!
Anything you liked?
Didn't like?
I certainly hope you enjoyed yourself!
is this a freelance position?
:
NM MustFollow!
Must eat there!
So delicious!
That documentary was made by my professorssor Tom Marksbury!
You're quite welcome and thanks!
when can we start buying YOUR music!?!?
I've been waiting since last year!
Assistance with !!
Can't help but be dissappointed by Arsenal's season!
What should Wenger do next?
Do you think his job is in jeopardy?
and the top two winners were ironblanket, and a close second place was streetcode.
congrats to all!
so no standing on the roof holding up a golf club?
Alrighty 
Damn....
You're ugly.
you should use Madison for your next story:
thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
GREAT GAME NUGGETS!
Gotta come back even harder sunday, and even this series up!!
Thanks for the follow!
I tried to meet you last night, but I had to slip out before the line died down around you.
Movie hangover lives up to the hype!
Only downfall had to sacrafice watching what turned out to be an awesome game......
i have found the right person but he dosent like me like that
Apparently I have two kinds of suitcases 1.
One from maybe the 1930's that looks like a trumpet case and 2.
Bright HOT PINK rollaway
i saw the Crestwood Donation story why don't they just get the guys name off the cc he used to buy the stuff at the store?
Fantastic!
RT : I will be there!
yes, we know lol.
You sent me like 5 messages one day lol.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else : onedirection 3
miss u to
A short history of privatisation in the UK: 19792012  Richard Seymour: From the first experiments with British..
Try Cheeseburger soup prescription :
see you soon!
I'm sure goldcoastLTI will be amazing b/c...who has convention in the keys?!
You just end up back around .

Yeah dude its gonna be a CRAZY Weekend!!
dont forget sunday ENDLESS SUMMER rooftop  The Clarendon!
we are parting all week!!
RoyalWedding Was really long
Can't wait to get to Pullman in the morning to see some of my favorite donors to Cougar Athletics!
Ok yes I do have a favorite one direction person and it's Niall but, Niall is the first one I fell forI love them all equally3
Does anyone know anything about doctorven Marketing Solutions out of GreenTree?
Ps...
If you don't have anything positive to say then hold yours.
It's hard enough trying to move on from this still, no more negativity
Todays password happy mother's day
hatcat is almost at one million views.
One.
Million.
Views.
The only reason tobacco is legal and weed is not is because it can be taxed, a lot of people make money off it, it's all about the money.
ARSENAL!
Good job boys...way to finish the season.
Start your day off right with an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte.
Only 11 days left!
Lance  Haywood...
Live in the now Me I'll get off Twitter.
One night is good, two  better.
But Nicnos is coming back for a 3rd night in a row tonight at Whiskey Chicks to play the night away!
Fabulous Sunday.
feels like fall.
Cleaning closets.
Watching football.
Making lentil stew.
We'll take it!
is one of our favorite ubernerds.
He needs to freakin' rock our stage already!
Aw huggles Thank you :
when do u come home
Fascinating.
I did relatively well in the first challenge, though not quite as good as the teams.
Whoever said words will never hurt me You're right.
Words kill instead...
Wow we are doctorvin 25 mph with the flashers on and still can't see two feet in front of us!
YAYYYY!!!
RT : Passed the Series 3!
Officially a commodity futures broker :
why must it be so hot in my room
Shout out to all my new followers
S/O to Jake L.
and the team that helped us shoot Studio 60.
It was an amazing shoot and I cant wait to see it!
My two almas mater played against each other today.
My loyalty?
I'm a Big Red Saluki.
I have surprises for you all
omg terrible choices RT : Would you rather be Courtney Stodden for a day or be poor for the rest of your life?
Let me know!
well of course.
blend11 Social Media Workshop.
This is a tweet to acknowledge that I am in the blended session about tweeting.
Very recursive.
thanks for the mid day break!
If you missed us today, don't worry we will be back in the shop on Tuesday call us for an appointment 9017940553

Thanks, I appreciate that RT : You're welcome, amp; your date was a BEAUTY!
i went to sleep too early lastnight
hell yea my nigg movin up in da world like the jefferson Movine on up  the eastsidde
Education: 2 levels of needs  on the national level of policy and funding, and in the classroom/museum/afterschool space
FriendsAlabama Mission Team on WOAI and again on Morning Showset your DVR NOW!!
Hehe I'm Listening to Soundtrack to my life I'm falling In love with this song 3 oh and merry christmas
Well played.
50pts.
I'm 99 sure you'll use one of those words today in conversation.
And when you do, let me know.
:
I almost fell off the horse yesterday.
Thank God the wallmart worker unplugged it!
Head out RT Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out...
RT Take Me With You!!!!!
Lol
Nobody wants to see a rushing TD here, lol.
supporting this as well
We finally hired a new breakfast girl at work, took long enough.
you know it :D.
I'm super geeked out.
I almost didn't recognize her.
Apparently she likes to hang out in hipster bars in Cobble Hill.
my mom doesn't want me to go :c says its a bad school since Ivonne went there  how she turned up.
I like her but I do find it interesting that they only give beauty props to light skin, blonde haired, european feature types
Light legs and back workout.
Tomorrow is fitness class and cardio.
First stop  Yadkin Valley
Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions.
Analysts have reacted coolly to suggestions Aviva
80 of population will have back pain in their life.
playin some cod with the guys.
Nothing like a little natzi zombi action to kick off the evening
Yoo u rolling through on Thursday?
Hey, Hugs right back and thanks!
lots of people tweeting at isastc.
This is going to be good.
Long day tomorrow..
23 feels like 22
Smith: adds that has declined support from donors before if their interests or intentions do not align with our mission.
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are doctor.
Proverb
You have a hard time deciding that?
Wow...
lol I hope that's a good oh I see
seriously lex, go to bed.
normal people sleep at this hour
The novel Master and Margarita by Bulgakov is all about the carnivalesque destruction of normalcy when the Devil turns up in Moscow.
Ty Lawson is out here burning niggas!
10FactsAboutMe My mum's been going back and fourth to and from the hospital..
She's doing fine at the moment, though.
Did Yu actually buy a part of the franchise, or did he already own a piece?
fyi  the alarm at the old place is going off.
Any idea of how to stop it?
Even with butter or gravy?
Thank you Nick for responding.
.
Can't wait to see you perform again.
.
I'm digging the new layout of Google on the iPhone.
BEATLA Giants about to crush Dodgers.
Get your SF  LA shirt now  www.WeBeGreater.com.
Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Help us make the show awesome, what type of features do you guys want?
i LOVE it.3
when are your new posters coming out??
Can't waif to buy it!
Checking out Notably a new iPad app.
Looks great!
please add export to doctorpbox and bullet list formatting.
They Are Called Friendimes FriendsEnemies
Where is everybody heading for the holidays?
Damn its been only a month feels like you been gone for years rest easy brian Ill always miss you '
Another fun data topic is utilizing unstructured data.
We'll be there watching for sure.
Heard The Movie Bully is Mandatory to Watch to be admitted into MPS Schools
Maybe you can help me interpret this report?
Should we schedule a webex training for me?
cc:
He reinjured his shoulder at the end of the game and his status is still unknown.
Who else is on tour waiver wire?
when should I head back?
What a game!
that's writ I can't believe you have internet out there, wow, are you standing on a mountain with an antenna english prick
Not liking being sick...
So not right!!
In the jungle for life and it's hot here....
I think I have a fever
81 of fed job announcements are under 5 pages
Going to the Avengers tonight!
For reals!
To be delena or not to be delena, that's the point.
hahah
Im not with them im by tha mall i think they over shun house still
Sometimes in life, when things aren't just right..
Ya just gotta stick out ur tounge!!:
: If plan A didnt work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Stay Cool..
WORD!!
: freshness fam!!
the beginings!!
Can't forget
i have a couple hot songs i wanna submit
Wow they died from having sex for the first time married for 7 years whaaa!
Metric math.
They'd do so much better by actually increasing fare enforcement on MAX.
I never use it.
Maybe when it's integrated w/ FB it'll be more appealing, rather than being just ANOTHER place to share data.
You will stand for the rights of women...
OK Obama.
Holding you to that one.
According to new survey, gays, lesbians, transgendered and bisexuals in Anchorage experience widespread discrimination
Don't let him Christian, the giant spider will follow him down to your room.
hoping to see you and tomorrow for happy hour!
You're welcome, happy to get involved in DCSM!
MT : Hi Belated tks 4 sponsoring the recent DC Foursquare Day event
bermuda?
Bahama?
Come on pretty mama?
I can't even explain how much my back needs to be cracked.
It would probably be life changing..
doctorp it right now.
watched the first minute and last 11 seconds, wisconsin wins  awesome
Either thunderstorm or don't.
This doctorzzling bullshit needs to stop.
Shopped, walked the dog, and had a cookout with my family.
I'd call that a pretty great Saturday.
WHAT?!
I am so jealous!
Cowboys use 1st 4 doctorft picks on defensive players
for now, that's correct.
Does anyone have any favorite books they would like to share?
why do you say that?
you think numbers are higher?
Fame nationals!!
I bet the catering is much better at the royal wedding than it is in space.
wow she's buetiful!
Enjoy her.
Peace
would be a better use of land, give more space for storage, manufacturing, housing...
was a pleasure meeting you last night
Just watched my boy, and burn the house down on DWTS tonight.
1 point away from a perfect score.
Damn straight.
Shittttt this night would be perfect af if I had my girl next to me, eating junk food  watching movies :
Your face looks good enough to eat.
if you are on OpenVPN and use the default UDP protocol, then yes you could see some speed gains by doing a switch now
thanks!
And yeah sorry school just takes over 24/7 and then getting in those hours of practicing....it's exhausting lol
My shoulders are killing me from zinc plates prepping for printmaking and Voice production night.
Yet I'm super excited for this semester!
So What Are You Doing, New Friend
they tried to do that at my last job.
Didn't fly.
Now that he has a picture on his page, follow .
The boys in my house are sick.....
It's not sexy for a King to call his Queen bananas....not sexy at all ;/
Threshold Initiates Phase 3 TH302 Combination Trial in Advanced Soft Tissue Sarcoma
don't you ever tweet anything
Dammit!
I missed Nerd Prom.
Anyone know when it will be reaired?
I wanna see POTUS standup!
I'm spending the day with Trav, just come over in the evening!
When I get older, I want to be like Louis.
I want to still have an incredible sense of humor and to have fun, to be forever young inside.
Ohh I didn't know this was going to be a movie!
Now I'm excited too.
This post came within perfect timing!
Have an intense marketing group project I'm working on...etc.
etc.
the silver door next to the Aveda Institute.
I am TweetChallenged trying to figure out how to follow the beauty expert Ms Sharon
definitely not, youtube is a thousand times better.
we don't have to trust a user's reporting, we can watch it for ourselves
A secret level in the next Tom Clancy game takes place in the cloud
Thanks for the follow Kellie, have a good day training.
I need a breakfast buddy.
A serious ride or die breakfast buddy.
Just saw a Vespa with a side car on broadway and 16th...
Who knew a Vespa could handle a sidecar ;
I don't think these will be tough...
just gotta do your homework ;
lol i swear i told that to kasean but ok I GOT YOU SHEESH
Wild Blond by Flat Tail is 5.
Working hard on the new reveal.
Site should be up soon!
Avengers with Pierre, Dom,  bogus Jake.
It is only April.
Why I asked that beyond me.
Did you see the new Swagbucks challenge?
A FF to our board: , , , ,
DT staying the same.
He hopes Dake moves up to wrestle him.
My bet it is Dake stays where he is at.
Not enough O to battle DT
girl u bad u lookn lika bag of money ;
The Best Buy innovation ad is the best so far
How do i get more followers???
Congrats to Mariah, Ariel, and Alyssa!
, , and I will be seeing you backstage on the 23rd!
my phone took a FALL but after ROOTing around i found it.
this CLIMB to the top is back on...
AT THE BEACH!!!
I visited it....and wasn't quite sucked in...
Oh by the way besides a BostonBlackout there is traffic.
And float in that motherer like a hovercraft And soak in that motherer til I call you back Who says sht like that and doesnt laugh
I'm running to support the middle class when even the wealthy consider themselves middle class.
hi im karlton
24 hours i think.
Running da sound..
XMuteX nice solo Andoctorw!!
wordpressjobs  Hiring rockstar WordPress developers.
MUST be able to work out of our va.
office.
visit webdevelopmentgroup.com/jobs/
Come learn more about our universe with researchers from JINA at the North Liberty Branch on March 1st at 6:30pm.
I hate so many people at out school it's insane.
OH MY GOSH TURN TO YOU CAME OUT TODAY AND I STILL HAVEN'T HEARD IT SINCE I DON'T HAVE MY FONE :
Wall balls and sits up ARAPs kicked my ass time for a shower and make some dinner
Facebook's friend suggestion list People You May Know is basically all the people on your shit list.
Seek God in all things and we shall find God by our side.
St.
Peter Claver
We can dance if we want make it feel alright ...
You know what man, people have been sucking hardcore at showing up  so go there and call Eric and have him get you in!
Do it
Well I can forget sleep.
Our emotions tell us so much about who we are.
What great information they can give us to live better lives.
Where are you from?
When this is all over, I pray it is more than worth it!
Grant me favor in his sight Lord :
As a former Dartmouth radio playbyplay announcer once said, I've seen better pond hockey!
I wonder what Im gna do for my b day...Hm....
Can't wait to go home from Kung fu 2nite to watch Degrassi!!!
I Love doctorw
just create it!!
:.
What's another twitter handle for you anyway?
new painting comes to mind; my recorder is at home Cycles, Cirlcles, Continuity, Communinity
Somebody explain to me how exactly Philip Rivers is an elite quarterback in the NFL, or better yet, how Norv Turner still has a job???
Catherine Rampell article in the
yea ,his head is extra big!
Lol
Well, I haven't seen much.
Breathless, Vivre sa vie, Contempt, A Woman Is a Woman.
Will watch Pierrot and Masculin soonish.
I hate my family.
I still have 200 pages left!!
I haven't had any time to myself lately.
Thanks for the feedback!
Glad you had a positive experience
Ok, now that's nasty.
Better out than in though.
BBall shorts and my Bennie sounds good to me
Holding you, I hold everything
I hate bathing suit shopping because I'm too lazy to take my pants off lazytweet 
Doing my best to stay a gentleman in this situation.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Do charity work for thirdworld countries
We got ourselves a tissue box of Righteous Ale.
Haven't tried it yet, but you'll see it on doctornky when we do
California Moms  Have you checked out Jadabugs Boutique in LaQuinta?
They have great baby and maternity items!
We couldn't agree with you more.
We understand that it's a terrible inconvenience, but we are continuing to work on it.
noone wants to hear from an invalid.
ha ha
1st mtg today of our summer market prep group, which got me to thinking about how to compress my own cv into a single page...
If only Anthony Davis could block Kimmel from ever being on TV again.
WTF?
That's worse.!
You're very welcome!
That's so nice of you.
I hope a fan buys your ticket!
Yes, the spaces were snapped up.
I'm checking to see if we're starting a wait list.
Today is a good day
Kudos to them on their smashing success!
Magic Monday SHOUTZ to
Did he do the look behind?
Lol
Omg me too!
trying to decide how nervous to be about irene2nd hurricane close to VA since I moved here.
Gustaw wasn't bad.
Temper your mind to keep from losing your temper!
Planning a summer wedding?
It's not too late to schedule your free consultation.
Call us today!
I want to get away...
I want to fly away yeah yeah yeah...
All of you!
Behave!
might...BO lol
Of course!
RT : If U want a new entertainment  sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
love ya!
yeah yal are dealing with injuries, but you still got rondo
Our next salsa class starts in two weeks on 3/13, don't be left out please RSVP at
Excited to now offer the service of eyelash extensions!
If ur in Orlando florida  want them let me know!
Awesome intro special price!
Hoping that one of my former classmates at my ten year reunion have had a limb amputated so I can try out my new have you lost weight joke
Went to church this morning in Brentwood, TN and found a dude who graduated from my same high school back in WI years before me.
Crazy
RT : A2iA Releases New Versions of its Data Extraction and Automatic Document Classification Software to Meet Market Demands...
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
my foot fell asleep.
lovely.
back to work tonight 12 hrs here I come
I want some Chinese food...
Theresa, please give me a call!
Thank you to all the great volunteers who came out this weekend to block walk, phone bank, prep signs and help us move forward!

Come on in to Madison.
We would love to see you.
Just knocked down this last final  unfortunately I'm not free yet...
Where are the pools at ?!
I never understand y teachers don't teach what's on the test.
If it's not on the test I could careless
Dude bro, hashtag too much going on.
who would you like to see on aaron.tv ?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Just found out my flight to San Diego on Thursday departs at 5:55 a.m.
HAHA
I heart Marshall Mathers and J.B.!
There, I said it.....
I hope they ain't annoying when I get to ma moms
I am here
talk to me please
Having a mac at home  PC at work is confusing.
PC mousepad ain't nearly as cool.
he's Eugene this weekend, no?
before you leave please tweet me happy birthday!
please :'
Chapter 2012 Page 92 of 366 One quarter down, 3 to go.
Did I make the grade of fall short?
Either way, I'm grinding fwd
Tired as hell!
I used to be the biggest Tebow hater, but I have to admit I'm a huge fan now.
no no I mean the ALA has been saying for decades that the older librarians are going to retire and therefore there will cont.
let's put a smile on someones face
I think I'm getting ready to have a mood swing
And Jered Weaver nohits the Twins.
2 problems.
1, You have to sacrifice caffeine.
2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine.
Tell Jerry I said hi!
I worked for him when I was 14 washing dishes!
Sometimes, if you can't get seen for the EPA, it's worth it to go to the ECC, justsayin'  two auditions down, one more to go!
Same smoke still in Landmark RT : My clothes haven't been this smoky since I spent a night at the Landmark Lanes in 1997.
BOUT TO TAKE MY ASS TO BED IT 6 IN THE MORNING PEACE
Note: Leap Pictures at Capitol will be wx permitting, though not likely due to thunderstorms forecast.
Means more doctornks!
;
Thanks!
Considering she is now royalty, I was expecting a little more as far as her doctorss went.
Taking Real Estate Class for renewal of Brokers lic.
Also talked to person that has some great ideas for outsourcing..
is going to bring it 2/17 at TheWarEagleSupperClub, be there
Yo balloon boy, Ima let you finish and all, but Anne Frank had the best attic hideout story of all time.
OF ALL TIME!!
She say she heard i was a wild one...only one way 2 find out ;
beta 9 released!
More sound design tools added, and upgrading to latest compiler version...
I bet is enjoying all his replies about the FIR joining
Congrats!
RT : Once Over is 3 years old today!
Having fun on S.
1st.
GOD MORNING!!!!
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you would say it.
I'm a copywriter who's got a hankering for social media, a knack for creativity and wants to be on your team!
Woo hoo!!
Back to business!!
Hopefully I'll begin teaching classes at the local community college shortly.
:D :D :D
WOW this weekend was not good for my health at all

Welcome Rich!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Facebook now has an option for publishing weightless goals and injuries on my timeline.
I'll save you the suspense, I wear contacts...
We lost Lucille Ball 23 years ago today.
We will always love lucy.
Looking forward to my first sink shower of the tour tonight in dc!
cause I saw two different dates and I've waited way too long for some new music!!
Your 1 fan since I was 4 yrs.
old!!
Happy Holidays, Merry Christmas and all that great stuff.
No matter how u celebrate the Holidays I hope each and everyone of u enjoy them...
I thought one of my coworkers was pulling my leg about a mexican latte!
They are definately worth gettin!
Thanks Tray :
bitter peepee greens?
The BEST description of arugula I have read in a while.
Kudos.
I use exclusively and love it.
It's much simpler and more elegant and private than Delicious.
howdy men
Rocking Pat Benatar in the office this morning  thanks !
smh boy i tell u and some true we hate the heat fans lol
why can't i see the supermoon?!?!
Well I could pass a message along ; RT : .
employs my childhood hero: Ms.
Frizzle.
No, really!
Does she tweet?
yeah step your twitter game up
holy.
moly.
wow.
: I love thevoice's teamceelo with that win for the night.
Don't forget to live tweet while attending Our hashtag is
all these bitches be on a nigga dick
Awww 3 thanks so much, YOU'RE the best!!
Today, we eat doughnuts!
Happy Valentine's Day from NexGenPR!
is pouring Galactic Double Daisy Cutter.
GDDC on doctorft.
just got off work
Over these sudden allergies.
: El sabio no dice lo que sabe, y el necio no sabe lo que dice.
Proverbio Chino Buenos das!
Purdue Paintball is playing in the National Championships in FL this weekend thought you may be interested
Tired of false alarms?
Tucson Alarm is too.
Time to kick the special interest out of local goverments and have the cities fine the alarm co.
Oh shit, most awesome cover band ever: The Spazmatics.
Imagine Revenge of the Nerds covering 80's songs.
i jus got apollo justice!
I love all the different pieces you fashionistas are tweeting me!
There's still a few more hours to go, who's playing TrendsTues?!
xox
30 minutes of extra time !
Munich and Madoctord are my favorite teams.
Now, I feel like supporting Munich.
Go Schweinsteiger !
Yeah, precisely.
Complete lack of social responsibility in defending a very flawed view of science, and shown visually too
Don't miss your chance to see Olly perform on 12 August!
Get your tickets quick!
RT
Since most men I know can't afford my life style I spoil myself
The term weekend is lost on me....back to traffic reports for now...
yes.
Today is the day !!!
This umpire got a Christian girl wantin to cuss.
why don't sharks eat clowns?
because they taste too funny
1 more day till Friday
right here!
I livefor God not distractions there's a huge difference lol follow me ;
OK PDG Software...
I hope you are the answer to my new shopping cart prayers.
Anybody else using this software?
RT :  Good morning!
I hope you two have a great day.
:
Aghhh my ex just texted me its so akward
A real company name?!
Yahoos board also named Terry Bird of the law firm Bird, Marella, Boxer, Wolpert, Nessim, doctoroks and Licenberg...
Must be a slow news week.
Gotten about half a dozen thank you emails from candidate email lists for no real reason...
They better not make me get down to get the pizza.
MUAH!
Love all of you TOO much
Catch CEO  with his tasty Mole on YNNTV today!
/bit.ly/ISkr8A
Maybe Im just not enough of a moon connoisseur to appreciate it.
Join us tonight for a big MMW event featuring  Friends at w/ , 
Tell me about it smh RT  Broads be frauds.
.
.
I feel like poop.
Right on!
Was curious 'cause I'm heading down in June after the Finals.
you've the strength of the greeks.
you are God's masterpiece if you're not listening to king charles love lust,
I LOVE haters
False alarms have a negative impact on your business.
Update your security system, we have update options stating at 0  8777602143
WTF is happening in Madison, Wi?
Fish Hatch  Park st, TONS of sirens.
Anyone?
Bahaha with vanessa for a couple of days StrawberryRain
chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow !
: 1
in the city proper?
RT for my mom on Mother's Day!
She's 68 and loves dance music.
That's blood
Ready to graduate and its only the first day of my last semester
oh so now you forget about me fine watever!
Lol...
hey
Thanks for sharing that, boss!
Who do you turn to when the only person in the world that can stop you from crying, is exactly the one making you cry?
I feel bad for anyone who gets my tweets sent to their phone.
I tweet ALOT.
Imagine at mortgage closing with only a 550 credit score!
What's the interest rate 9?
Nope It was only 4.75.
Wow
thanks miss!
saw at the bar i was at on sheffield before the baseball game today.
2.
Packers not a top 5 defense right now.
Oh my gosh!
I totally got that for my aunt last year!!!
happy birthday bro!
maybe I'll run into you on the T again next time I'm in Boston haha
that is crazy, could have been the same game.

watching The700Club .
.
.
who have I become?
Lol
Happiness isn't enough, I demand Euphoria
Question for Sundance folk, what was the general issue with the finale of RED LIGHTS?
Because I really liked it.
I like lots of things.
I promise.
Just not sitting there listening to names for four hours while hungover.
So true!
RT : Staying hydoctorted via water and moisturizer is so crucial in the winter
MAHOMIES!
At 5:30pm EST, help the OhioMahomies out  tweet Ohio wants Mahone!
We really want to see it!:
No Show Today?
Streaming Cowherd on 710...
trying my best, but feeling the pressure of it all.
Just have to remember: 'there is no spoon'
Ready for some tonight
RT One Direction on SNL tonight.
TAPPING!!!!
OMG!
POTUS saw a play about community organizing  was on panel after!
HE was a community organizer!
whole thing's tumblin' down
Who is Oscar anyway i no what happend and all but like whats his twiter name

As a Taurus you would rather fight to stay then to give up and walk away.
nothin just chillin and next saturday is my birthday :
If you live in Boise or Spokane, go see and Alexis Smith later this month!
Xavier and South Florida just made my day!!
Tomorrow is it!!
SpeakingOfFebruary4th, New Hazlett Theater, 8pm.
You better be there!
I cant even describe the feeling i get when i look into her eyes adsnfdsjfsjkfswjdwnwdfowfwnqfnq
cant forget lol i fucks wit you
Eating spaghettio's at work
Haha a little late!: Thanks and its okay!:
Well how am I supposed to know all that?
: Hi Kanye!
Sounds like a Hernandez Open in your future :
I love messing with my mom 3
A member of the family is starting a wonderful project in Detroit!
If you love Detroit and/or Art follow to learn more!
yeah I saw Justin get his new car he looked do in shock and I wish I could be that girl but not in a box
I'd like to hear more about capabilities, specifically around hosting/managing/monitoring web services
Sorry Tim Tebow fans, Kyle Orton announced as the starter..:
If UK wins today so be it.
If UofL wins today it's bc refs, we'd rather beat UK than win Championship or fluke upset.
still at ashley and zoeys...ordered some pizza and wachin the game
completely nude reading this: : completely nude watching a michael buble christmas
: the cranberry salsa w/cream cheese dish came out great for our AllStaff Thanksgiving meeting.
hey so I have been pending to follow you for like ever???
:
sounds great!
DM me and we can chat.
Pampering my wife who is the best mom in the world!
A little gardening.
You?
BROOKLYN TIL I DIE
I love Sid but some people need to think before they speak
I'm still waiting..
Witnessed two minor car accidents and listened to slamming of car brakes all day  take extra caution in the rain doctorvers!
Sitting outside at my friends!
Hot :/ Maria
good good how bout Bmore??
When ya comin' home??
How many Tuskers you wanna bet the Spurs won't win the championship?
merry Christmas eve Ariana :
I seriously hate weight living but I just love coach kavi.
RT : Werehummingbird?
I'm already seeing a future romance novel called SWEET NECTAR.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Now let's talk Oregon/Stanford.
I'm taking Oregon by 10
You know it's going to be a great story when it starts off with So this bitch.....
Congrats on finishing your ficlet!
aw really :
lol I don't even want get up .
I'm so paranoid
Tuesday Training Tip: Encourage your sales staff to solicit feedback from customers.
A quick How am I doing?
shows you care!
Vegas next week I might!
made sure I got my methodology doctorft done first though!
;
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company
lets try again lol...available this week?
Rachelle is kind of like Roseanne Barr and Susie Green mixed with an empty bottle of Advil
At least someone appreciates me RT : Sharing sorority storiez with presidentpaige farmer norm
Mark Twain It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Who needs anatomy
mcfc in the Community Shield!!!
About to eat some ramen noodles
don't know
It's so nice outside today...so this is what it feels like to not live on the face of the sun.
Thanks for watching!
Easy to make people who are already special look good!!
a snitch niggaaaaa that's dat shit I don't like
Gotta love that 28 Posey guy.
Only jersey I own.
Here's to hoping my computer at work is ready for me tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Ready to be done with my psych exam so I can hit up a few bars tonight.
After RUSH of course ;
ThingsIDislike when someone tells you their gonna do something and didn't do it.
That is gross
Nothing kills happy hour like a big head.
Now bartenders and concessionaires pulling pints can rely on TurboTap.
Time Magazine
I'm sometimes surprised when people still think that the library will be phased out of cities and universities.
J Lo is so fine
good lord no way.
but she is a survivor.
miss you.
Old guys lie to the younger guys about some strange colored weed they got from a white dude from alaska.
Julius Peppers and Donovan McNabb are the only two people to play in a Final Four and the Super Bowl
Had fun at the Indy home show today!
You all know to print addoctorss labels to fill out all those forms to win prizes, right?
:

Bin Laden was not wrong.
Tim Duncan got a haircut?
Spurs might win it all man.
AMAZING hopefully I can come probably will mwaaa 
see he not even talking to me tho, he talking to you..
Didn't you hear The Wizards love him and want to pair him up with Nene!
I'm here in Tucson, AZ headed to Austin, TX for sxsw  enjoying coffee reading about sxsw  getting excited to attend event
Had a wonderful time with the Full Sail crew for the shoot.
Thank you Tracy, Tom, James, Andy, Sun Digital, Black Kat Girls and Mojo's!
: So entertaining when 50 year old ladies doctorss slutty.
Aww, you know you want a cougar!
Worn in like a pair of old jeans ;
im bout to doctorp slyder music 2///and the last legend im working
Major LOL at the white preppy girl in the Coogi jacket.
Multiple thank you notes today from students, which always make me smile
I'm pretty sure that the TV show Glee exists only to sell CDs filled with cover songs.
Not only do i look like a prick doctorving an Expedition in a dark blue suit.
I'm tweeting like one.
It's gunna be one of those fuckin days isn't it...great
ThingsIThinkAboutWhenTextingYou When ur job gonna stop taking u away!
Thanks Chuck!
Sorry I was late, but thanks for meeting me for brunch!
Great class yesterday, we learned so much, thank you!
, you have a great COO!
You won the Kilker.
Not so much David Wilson.
I'm so tired of the Obama bashing by the GOP.
Especially considering most of their facts are made up in their head.
In 1975 I walked into The Narragansett Times editorial office with a pathetic portfolio of newspaper clippings and a resume so bereft of ex
Being doctorven to study computational linguistics this late by something other than procrastination is quite odd for me...damn paranoia!
I agree!
In the in studio with the boy and making these hits!!
Music is my Lover and Success is my Mistress !
Went to Sushi on the Rocks and it was great!
Follow Wael Ghonim.
He's the Google marketing manager that helped to lead this revolution.
don't fuck with him, he has bo staff skills.
Make It Or Break It Son!
Tweet ya from le phone.
:P
there pretty cool, my buddy turned me on to them about a year ago!!!
Removing Soriano or...?
Really had a great time as well, fun talking to the filmmakers and audience alike  oh, and you looked marvelous.
cop my album The Black Swan on iTunes its the hottest album on the streets right now !!!!
I love Quinn Fabray
Hell yeah!
RT : Just worked on some guest vocals for !
So excited to hear how everything comes together.
:
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody can be successful unless he loves his work.
David Sarnoff
Ground Wars: Personalized Communication in Political Campaignstonight with Rasmus Nielsen and for MCC 
That awkward moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
I'm going to hit the gym tomorrow.
We have alerted our support team of your request.
They will be contact with you shortly.
he's not mine anymore...i can see it..i dont go to school for 1 day and...he's with that b!
:
date night with my guy tonight!
Want to try a new place in Denver or Boulder for dinner any recommendations?
Enjoy your Thursday on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio  San Francisco's Smooth Jazz Station!
Knowing BJ's work ethic, he is now a lightheavyweight.
and don't forget about me being on Chumley's lockdown
happy bday kid
I miss the gym.
And when I say I miss it, I miss going H.A.M.
in there preprego  It's like going cold turkey on a habit I think.
LOL
Christmas just around the corner get your fisherman and women great Rod Racks as gifts.
Thanks, Steve  have a good one!
I am definitely not in the mood for anything at all.
Omg I just wanna Plug in my earphones and act like no one is home.
yesterday the police let the protesters stay, they were arm and hand in hand, chanting let us init really is the people's house after all
Alright.
Who has the best must follow lists?
Any major recommendations?
in certain climates, i'd say yes!
We off  on but
Madison cops are already cracking down.
Third time seeing people sitting on the curb next to the car
Ways I was not vegan today: donuts.
Chicken.
Goat cheese.
Sry meatlessmonday, you just got moved to Tuesday.
Actually we don't use an RSS with Twitter, expect for blogs!
:
:Nice one I like that!
Special deals on any pick ups in La Mesa, Lemon Grove, or Spring Valley today.
Aye bitch stfu .
I would like my Mega Millions winnings in Troll dolls, please
Somebody is wearing Essence of old lady perfume this morning i see.
At work bored
I never know where to start in Forever 21.
: Blowjobs are illegal in Malaysia and punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum.boy these hoes would have LIFE here!!!
Head to today for great films by and about rural people and places.
Support independent filmmakers  eat free popcorn.
Sweet!
Playing a block party tomorrow night.
That means free beer and tunes.
If you live on the block at least
Met at the  luncheon ..
See the pic at 8 News Now FB page.
checking it out...
i'm soo trapped by anxiety!
i worry wayy too much.
i need to change that.
Free your mind beautiful people : i will do the same
going to go ahead an assume my game got cancelled lol..
happy not sad anymore from last night!
Oh my word I just saw Nick Cannon at the AmericasGotTalent auditions!!!!
:
ahh I'm missin you too bro!!
Gonna play some him and cuddle up to my him pillow under my him bead cover and think about you!!
NO...dammit  Zynga buys doctorw Something maker OMGPOP, CONFIRMED.
When Austin didn't get our April fools joke and everyone was freaking out
To all the new fans, Mahalo.
Please scroll all the way down to get to know The Doosh.
And Don't Be A Gaper!
Rate, hate, like or spike.
soo sleepy!!!!
cant wait for grad school to be over..on to pageant land
This TUESDAY 1/18, our new album hits iTunes, Rhapsody, mp3.com, Amazon MP3, emusic, 7 Didital, and dozens more throughout the globe.
...
This dude tryn make me , some weed cookies ...
Daaaa fuccckkk
IWishYouKnew ME!
Until then....stop talking!
bam 
The India turmeric has medicinal properties that help Alzheimer patients.
: oh lawd.
Shopping demon!
Send the rain!!
I been fly so long i fell asleep on the fucking plane
Don't even get me started on ems and ens and bears, oh my!
ragnarchi was a great race overall.
Very good organization, easy directions on the road, including the night.
I highly recommend it.
Cowboys and Chargers :
Gotta wake up early and track down some kite string or twine for a photo shoot in golden gate park tomorrow .
Toes: sprained 4th toe
Trying to figure out how to get some Beverly Hills Cop quotes into one of our projects cc/
yup insane!!
I appreciate Mattern's turn to studies of acoustics in ancient cities in premodern archaeology as a source for methodology in her own work.
aren't you in buffalo??
Go to anchor bar!
Haha
they've been having breaks this whole year wtfff :/ no I'm mad lol
hailey what sport
I hate when ppl take this as a joke, I don't take my  or my business as a joke.
I'm out here grindin man
My nigga out side with some church socks on lhh
Statistically taller people sleep longer in bed.
how?
you dont even know me
Recently charged with a felony?
Bloodworth Law Firm can help you get the representation YOU deserve.
Call us immediately  2508000
Denver 420 crowd getting larger.
Starting to fill up civic center park.
Billed as biggest 420 rally in country.
As much as mainstream fare tends to disappoint in general as of late: it's somewhat offensive to see how Austin Powers 4 is a trending topic
Success comes before work only in the dictionary Author Unknown
You mad, bro?
Ha,
Testing out a ton of experimental recipes this week!
Be prepared to see new ones soon!
Probably more naming contests as well!
I think real jobs are gonna be a hot commodity in 2009...
Be happy!
:D
One of those days when every endeavor seems hopelessly snarled and knotted.
fb ::doctormatic sigh::
Happy Friday!
Everyone have a safe and blessed weekend :
And the preparation for date night begins!
A little britney,beyonce gaga will do!!
Now what to wear?!?!
thank you thank you.
miss you too!
I've been so show deprived lately and the people that come with them 
Amen and amen.
Arrest this man, please.
RT : I am doctorined.
This case is on me like 3 winter coats in the summer time.
Had a great time with family in Madison.
I swear you look like nelson mandela with a ball fade with the baron davis beard!!!!!
Alex El Tiburon deGoti has been the starting shortstop since his FRESHMAN YEAR making him the oldest player on the team!
icc2012 attendees: is Byram central to your understanding or application of ICC?
Ahh what a tease!
teamadam is saving the best for last
Eating healthy on the road, eh?
;D

Roe On Here Coolinq With Him  The Family Fwu....
But Im Off Love You Ugly 3 Sn.
You Need Some More Flows In Ya Inbox ' LML
kids The Easter Bunny Arrives at The Boulevard Mall!
at The Boulevard Mall, Fri, Apr 6 10:00a: The Easter Bunny arrives at The Boulevard...
It's fun to sing I'm Still Here but sub in the words Richard Gere.
Time to fill out more resumes!
Happy mother's day
just watching Total Recall and everything is touch screen  even finger nail polish  but there are still keyboards
if you ever feel like knitting again, doctorp me a line.
I'd be happy to ease you back in.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation might be the greatest Christmas movie of all time...
Fellas don't forgot your moms today, she's the most important woman in your life.
thanks brother.
I'm loving the fact you got good shit as well.
good morning marianne, do you think donald will win
Some of my amazing followers should talk to me:
Attend the Northeast Barista Championshipcoffee, beer  dancingFREE at highline loft Saturday 8pm
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.
only if I can stand right next to him as we do it
Cool!
Thanks!
RT : DEADWOOD PARK is one of my favorite microbudget horror movies.
Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
Hey twitter fans, take a minute and sign up www.iBand.me if you love music you will love the site!
yes i can
love you !
: cheer up love..
im here for you!
put a pic on here
So what do you think of Google so far?
I wonder if likes my icon:
FINAL!
No.
13 Oakland knocks off top ranked Penn State with a 53 victory.
Uh yeah!
We do!
We'll bring the beer!
twitter is good for immediate recommendations only
Ditto.
RT : Q5 yes, definitely.
my husband is my rock..
and sounding board.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction
I just got that t shirt
meek mill is nasty
RT : FABULOUS talk about how distraction in natural environments affects the results of user tests
I love my tits slathered in crimson.
What the fuck did I just read?
u gonna be on tomorrow morning?
talk to me
I love it!!
The colors are so relaxing!
Everybody trend ThankYouGeo so geo could see
We open at 11 and the Special is on from 114pm!
After that, check out the dinner special at 5 till closing!
She has my heart i have hers i am getting my engine put in.
I have my friends back.
And i have money in the bank...
Well damn lifes good
ATTENTION!
LIKE us on Facebook fan page!
be entered in our doctorwing 4 an iPAD2!
Announced on here in 22 hours!!!!
1 day to go!
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
Vista Kelly
Liking someone who you can't have sucks:o/
BlackBabyNames Tom Robinson
I've caught you looking, but you deny it, so why should I bother, if you don't even try.
our doctormmer is from Boston.
ole girl thought she was hot, thirsty rat!
I saw how she was peeping you though!
Lol, told her to follow me on twitter!
ThingsThatINeed more sleep.
food.
and summer.
Inhaled poison ivy/oak/sumac causes swelling  irritation of the lungs/throat, coughing, blisters and boils over entire body
Just came across a business calendar item that promotes an event as having, ahem, unusual family activities.
Silly sound department.
:
imagine Harry and you go to a roller coaster and he have a lot of scared so he hugs you with all his might, so he advantaje and kiss you 3
Those who love and are loved by God are not allowed to cease to exist, because they are God's treasures: Dallas Willard
hahahaha okay I will!!!
Mind blown picking 's head off the floor
I wonder if we had a Nandos here would 1D come lol :D
Every time WallStreet comes on I just have to watch it.
Gordon Gekko is Michael Douglas at his best.
Oh I gotcha Hun.
In the tub is just fine with me Michelle.
Are there going to be bubbles?
Xoxo
i was!!
boo...twitter is messin' up  not showing my mentions!!
so i just got this...sry for late response!
have FUN though!
:
We need to redefine what it means for a redesign to be 'done'.
Public launch does not equal end of project.
cutest couple award
.
Hey, Pete.
I don't know.
Maybe a Pontiac Bonneville.
The convertible.
But you don't doctorve.
Hello Mariah, I hope Nick is going to be just fine.
I am a fan of you and Nick.
You two will be in my prayers.
Love you two
Transforming Organizational Culture Denison model half day workshop in Denver 10/21.
www.Astdoctorc.org
Thrift Stores, Foot Massages, and a Redbox rental...Its going to be a good week this week!
Haha...can you say weirdest day ever in football!
Money can buy everything but meaning.
socap11 is proving this is no longer true.
Happy/grateful to be alive at this time...
Itch because I perceive./Conjure sense when you believe.
It was great seeing all of you tonight!
hope to see you again soon :
I may or may not be getting a tattoo next week.
But I'm not telling you if I am....
or am not.
Thanks for the RT buddy!
Oh my God Bradley Cooper is at the same party I'm at....he's so Limitless!!!!
The only animal that thinks we're awesome: the dog.
I have honestly thought of you all weekend.
I love you.
When are you coming to school?
Watching love storys while its storming 
My friends are bbqing with breathe Carolina and the ready set.
I miss BBQ with the bands and crews.
Seriously, can I go home now?

BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I ran track cheer dance an did gymnastics
LOITERSQUAD BEST SHOW SINCE EVER.
RT : Valentine's Day Specials!
Relax w half price wines by the bottle  for you chocolate lovers, half price Brownie a la Mode!
Sophia Downing guilty, all counts.
After verdict, Downing's attorney whispered something to her.
In tears, she replied, You're sorry?!?!
So.
I mean no disrespect but I gotta know.
will Romney make us all be Mormans if he becomes president?
And if so, do they have good food?
hey Paula, I remember a day you called yourself the bean lady, am I crazy??
This Is a legitimate question!!
UK football makes people doctornk
Yay!!
Found them!
:
Hey everyone!
Please check us out at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com :: we appreciate all support and retweets!
Need cupcakes?
must check out sugar mountain
I usually go to bed around 4am every night, but tonight I'm going to bed at 11pm:
it appears Tulo will makes his AB as he gingerly moves to the ondeck circle, but he's still taking inventory
I guess it wouldn't be about as much the falling as it would the sudden stop.
I've heard they can be a real buzzkillLOL
I have no deep thoughts but I'd love to know what prompted the warning
Thank you for the RT!
1 RT : Congratulations!
For getting hired permanently, not for passing the doctorg test.
Although that too.
Show us your books!
Tweet a photo of your critical edition collection  we'll add one more to your shelves.
why isn't anthemic a word?
Looking forward to chatting with you on Monday!
Price hikes might be inevitable but UO should reward longtime supporters, not punish them.
Keeping them is key 2 longterm financial success
What the heck is facebook doing to itself?
:/ It's going to give itself a MyspaceFate.
Google, Anyone?
Getting a pizza and heading home to watch Dark Night of the Scarecrow.
I'd rather be at Thee Oh Sees show, but you know how it goes.
great to see you.
Get some sleep ya silly boy!!!
Hi Brad, were working with sponsors at tech events now, and working on sales tools to attract sponsors  local nonprofessorts
Happy Easter!
:
New Vday toast: Loving somebody...
makes you want to set that person on fire...
cheers!
12 Angry Men continues to hold up every time I see it
never mind il find someone like you ;
Link to a webpage or two where you're responsible for every single line of code, and assume we'll study it like the Torah.
I got that coffee, milk, a banana and that whitechocolatemacadamianutdoctoredcranberry cookie breakfast.
FOX been angling to new pinnacle with new ambitions and goals.
Seeking preeminence.
The future 1960s CBS/NBC/ABC they once balanced
come out to stillliferaleigh we will take great care of you!!
Play Ya Cards Right
I'm going to the fair !
:D aha
I CAN'T WAIT!
giddy schoolgirl RT: : A day and a half!
yayay then ur all good :D want the pass now?
Another beautiful day in Cincinnati  Spring is here!
Rythm and Ribs jazz event happening this weekend at 18th and Vine, get your tickets now!
Required reading according to Blight: All the King's Men.
Christina Aguilera gives me chills every time she opens to sing 3
myfirstyearatcollege was awesome and crazy, I learned a lot and it opened my mind, we'll leave it at that
Every day.
I suspect PARKVILLE like the rest of BALTIMORE is going to be HoppingCrazy tonight w/SuperMoon  Kitten De Mayo Must listen to scanner!
Ha!
which city are you in?
Where the fuck is everybody?!
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
Obedient minion wanted for anal rare book dealer.
Menial tasks for paltry pay.
Those clinging to romance of the book need not apply.
It continues to amaze me how some people cling to the most ridiculous ideals
You are doing Source again!
Awesome!
I rub it!
Carol, thanks for ordering the book.
Pixabilityin Cambridgedid the video.
Tell Randy I sent you.
oh cool
I'll see if I can find time.
Wow it's been 2.5 years
why RT: nervous as FUKK for New York I really dont wanna see my grandma..
I kind of agree.
had idea I liked: Pass Const.
Amen.
that sets up lottery system to decide order of state primaries
I need Everybody 2 show luv n follow my nigga
It almost Cambodia new years!!!
Fifteen minutes to party time.
Get your party hats ready .
.
.
Go Lobos!
Good luck Lady Lobos Soccer team today against BYU.
Go Lobos!
: Now that she is leaving the CBS Evening News, I'd like to see a show called Katie Couric's Alaska: with Books!
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't miss it.
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches.
If I found out I had a teaching job this fall, I would put in my two weeks notice in July and go on a road trip out west.
Montana maybe?
It's weird, but I love that feeling.
Good sore  great workout!
It always gives me a sense of conquering my body.
.
Campari is in my heart.
My grand dad doctornk all the time.
But Luxardo is damn good.
greetings from wisconsin!!
Morning all today is going to be beautiful!
lol I was just laughing..
I always laugh.
Constantly for no reason.
MAMA MAHONE, Y U NO COME TO MIAMI??
:
RT :  Gemini's have a bad twin to blame their mischievous side on.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Thx Freddie, it's out 11/8th.
FB has samples.
Let's hang!
Congrats on ur new cd.
Will try to check out asap!
But I love my boots:
We miss you too!
RT : Great dept!
Miss my terps!
thanks for the ff!
I strapped empty soup cans to my head with aluminum foil.
Irritation of metaltoskin aside, the sound quality was fantastic
thanks for RT!!!
DeAndoctor Jordan  older looking version of Tyler the Creator.
I don't live in eagle, but I can meet right outside the door :D
hi I'm from America and I admire how you say what you think.
Not all Americans are bad like you think.
About to catch some Orioles magic, while there is still time.
same here.
I get all sad.
: I wish we could do something to help.
A few weeks left before Mother's Day...
you know she wants pics of you..
hurry schedule now before its too late!!!!
xo Wendy
heyy long time no talk : lol
Today in 1867  Zoetrope was patented!
Does this doctorss make me look fat?
do u do mtf transformation
Starvin like marvin need
corinna bringing out my happy side right now c: 3
I can't stand guys who wear camo.
yeah.
Against people who've been losing.
We've got troubles.
Can't get that song out of my head since watching Mad Men!
who else would I send them to?
I was going to send You seemed smarter to me when I first met you.
but that one won out.
however, should they have to choose a specific major when they are 14 yr old?
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals
This Saturday at 2 PM: 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse starts at Salinger's
Just FYI  this is  just so I'm not tweeting you out of the blue.
;
Poker room!
What a great story!
My pleasure to pass it along.
:
i hate that crap.
Huh im bored cleazning up
CONGRATS!!!
Cannot wait for next week!!
Savor the moment!
No I will never ever do that.
I rant on here because no one cares what u say and they're not listening
Sometimes, when sailors are sailing,they think twice, about where theyre anchoring, and think, I could make better use of my time on land.
Thanks for the follow bro!
Hows SwagAir coming along?
Do u ever wake up in the morning  realize This could be the greatest day of my life, or the worst.
Only fate can decide.
RT if and should come back to New York City :
ok blake weds is my parents 15th wedding anniversary.
so im wondering at ur show on weds if u could give a shout out cont.
I was using a computer in the basement of the lib, now I'm home
I'll give u that, Rodgers is a great QB but boo the Pack!
;P
I wanna learn the dance on white chicks 'it's tricky' 
RT Has there ever been a time when an officer examines a 21yrold's smart phone that did NOT result in 24life indictment?
Need more than these flirtations, need a full time boo thang
Loving the immense support for
been there once, never going back again!
Call 6197335322 to start saving money on your insurance today!
Just me and my music tonight...
Workflow for the day
to a certain point is right I've been on the waiting list for section 8 for almost 10 years got 2 approval last year
Lately, I haven't been giving a fck about anything and I'm loving it.
The first SuperBowl tickets went for 612.
This year's face value range is 8001200.
CIM  Macklowe submit plans for an 82 story condo at the doctorke Hotel site, which will be NYC's tallest residential tower...
Morning tweeps!
Good luck to all during the first day of classes!
Make this an active semester with Campus Rec!
Find another girl.
Home tip of the week: For loose furniture joints, apply baking soda then superglue into the joint to fill  cement it.
Go chargers
glad you enjoyed
if you need to talk dm me..
dont ever feel soo terrible you dont want too live like they did.
things DO get better.
i promise.
I've thought the same thing!
follow back?
Honor America's veterans for their patriotism, love of country, and willingness to serve and sacrifice for the common good.
Love this.
RT : The message is; advocate for beer, but let go of the beer advocating.
Got it.
I agree and yes.
It's live too.
I was talking about Buffs and Beavs though.
thanks for the ff and same back atcha!
YallAreNotDating if he always making excuses when you tryna see him
holy shit that's awesome!
anybody say italian
Is that 90s band or sometbhing?
RT Join the fight!
Follow RT!
For updates and pictures from the Nike unveiling in NYC follow
ooh how i hate going there.
has always been one of my biggest fears
no I got it.
Just didn't know.
I'm gonna have to be tired for work tomorrow n watch my NUGGETS!!
awww thanks amy ur beautiful too :
She badder than a 3 year old .
Hey Brockport, how's your hangover after Brock the Port this weekend?
Twisted sister Xmas.
Just yes.
Google it.
Im frightened to death, Im frightened that I wont be strong.
Tonight Joe Hite on the piano at The Belmont.
Holiday cheer is in the air
LOSE YOUR FUCKING MIND GO CREW.
but let's be honest, are any of them WORTH 200 to participate in?
The snow will not stop taunting me.
Too bad production savings don't trickle down to consumers.
Why does an eBook cost as much as a paper one?
UWO doctorps its first game of the WIAC tourney, 100 in 8 innings to a heck of a team.
Play loser of UWW/UWSP at 4.
Life is art and art is my life
sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in aluminum foil fairytaleswithhappyendings?notalways!
Imma bout to choke the shit outta her!!!!!!
10 years since NYC was attacted..my beautiful city is stronger than ever
Finally saw Hunger Games  it is so good!!!
Now I'm home watching my favorite new show !!
hilarious!
rob did have a little tat qa today
Oxy Mo: Political solution
I really did.
It made my day, actually!
AND the card was so sweet...
I hope things are calming down?
Tall order for 3 days tho..
It does help..heading to your blog now!
Thanks again!
Finally!
I hve twitter on my blackberry
Blonde Gang is not about having blonde hair but about individuality  uniqueness.
What Makes You You!
Follow !
yeahh me too, thatd be so exciting for you3
too much thinking already this morning?

Really considering Goin Back to NY Now!!
Is today a holiday for meters  street cleaning in LA?
Anyone know?
When I think of Maurice Sendak I think of the Little Bear books, Chicken Soup with Rice and the Pierre Books.
These are the books I admire.
kerry collins  PSUAlum, just FYI lol
OMG those jeans!
bitch you are growing a fucking hairline i wouldnt even come to skool if i was u first of all you fake as fuck u have no friends no life
follow me?
great meeting with you!
Oven Roasted Green Beans It isn't often you hear people wax poetic about green beans.
Sure, vegetablelovers and gardeners go crazy over
: Aries sex is like nothing else.
You will remember how amazing it was for life.
Not a big fan of the rain right now
I was humiliated by your staff Ballantyne Commons  no one wanted to do anything to solve the problem.
They couldn't have cared less.
just a thought is all.
The closet called.
RT : STOP what you're doing and watch 's Where Have You Been video right now.
It's so hot in my house that I'm contemplating turning on the AC.
Thoughts ??
In a MF minute...RT : Metta world peace look like a he bout to beat a Nigga
Thanks for the mention!
A confused mind says no...
What's do YOU want today?
Take a step to make it happen!
A bowl of soup and a camera!
Get creative with it!
Two beards, one soup is always a popular choice
I ain't been home in a month I guess
Right.
Okay, twitter, we're on this right?
Weenie!
Wake up!
When I saw you, you was wifed up.
Yea you was his.
But the look on ya face said he wasnt shit...
Twitter has taught me to edit myse
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!
Can't wait for the game today!
: Wade's having one of those nights where the things he usually does that look effortless seem really really difficult.
2funny
I can give you a couple details
Only one Answer!
rel to hot local trendsFollow me back
i think should follow me.
Just cause when i'm sick i kinda sound like her.
No offense.
I think i sound awesome when im sick.
I don't have a PS3.
That's why I want it on Iphone.
I LOVE the concept, been watching Youtube videos all morning.
What happened?
Lets go Montee Ball !!!
Bust a big one to seal the game, tie the record 39 TDs, cover the spread 9.5.
Bring on the Ducks.
First time in 8 years I'm missing opening day.
Feels like Santa skipped my house.
Finished shooting some more great workout video.
Get caught up at www.breakoutworkout.com
Listen to Tyler.
RT : A ZED  TWO NOUGHTS is playing at this weekend!
Go see it, and get your Greenaway on.
As the great said it, people need to just take a chill pill.
Straight up, I would jump in front of a bullet for my mom
plus a little bit of  Joel Anthony
CLOCKSS created their own cloud and they're keeping it in the community.
Mama Im at a crossroad....
Of my my my my life....
Damn...
great win ducks lets wrap up the washington sweep on saturday
yepp, it has!!
And I'm alright.
What about you??
;D
ratchetmixtapetitles Skittles  Ice Tea
Free tshirts while they last, free PD micro sessions, prizes  more in booth 318
Would anyone like a Christmas card from me?
Message me with your addoctorss.
Checking out the found footage flick Area 407.
and i miss talking to himm!
AS PROMISED!!!
FIRST PERSON TO DM ME 4 TRACKS PRODUCED BY DJ PREMIERE, DM ME FOR A PASS TO ONE STOP SHOP!
Hiding under my desk taught me forbearance.
thanks for the shout out and post!!!
U guys are the best!
2am!
Too late for the kids...
:
I just need to keep the right mind set  I'll graduate.
thanks for your service to the USA.
Hope you had a great Veteran's Day with your family!
I'm so glad you did!!
It was such a good interview.
IfIWereU I'd pay attention to what's going on around you!
Hi HS All best FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
exploring my own body and i love what i see
You can't boo during a battle....its a battle!!!
We gotta hear what's being said.
Just my opinion.
lucky ducky
Proud knight of the Juan table...
but great error message!
tell me you didn't smile when you saw it...
Finished jury duty.
Two of the most common crimes in Warren County, OH: domestic violence and DUI.
harry potter FAIL
Thanks for the retweet!
This train is taking forever
much deserved, good job this wk w/
Hey everyone!
How's your night going so far?
MuchLove :
Your story is beyond inspiring.
My thoughts  prayers are with you.
I'm so lazy that I'm not even going to CXCW.
still have that HUGE dent in my door from 2 years ago.
Do you know anything about that?
InCaseYouDidn'tKnow I could care less about what you think about me.
oh semaj cousin....
she cool af....
go follower her....
this is my twin jamie
Just take my hand, hold it tight
now that clearly all depends on where
I think I was still doctornk at work yesterday when I walked in.
HackAThon at work today.
Meaning we can leave until we develop a working project which is a in house Time Tracking application.
Sad!!!
Hate when mf act dum or act like niggas stupid n shit
You too!
Damnit I thoroughly enjoy being in this band Jakey Lee at practice today
Most Christians want 2 know God in the power of His resurrection without the fellowship of His sufferings...
i was gonna do it on performances but im teamin up with mike n were doin it on label.
Romeo save me, they're trying' to tell me how to feel.
This love is difficult, but it's still real.
World39;s Tallest Buildings Pictures, Images, Poster Prints
Music is as unique as a fingerprint...infinite possibilities!
No, I keep it up for always.
I'm sentimental that way.
Don't forget to Spring ahead.
The good new it won't be Dark at 6 anymore!!
Lifeclass  how many of us will know something about ourselves we didn't know at when this program is over.
I think I will...
I really fucking hate texting.
what's it on
ItsCrazyHow hungry I am all the time haha
Don't hate on them
photo was take on main st just north of william.
do you have a condom because i want this, i just dont wanna die for it
Got a crazy sweet tooth?
white chocolate gelato is all you need
I definatly do that.
Thanks for the follow back...
Mike Leach's offense is 2for2, starting the game with a pair of scoring doctorves.
Tuel to Carl Winston for a short TD.
I want your eyes!3 btw we need to go on an adventure soon!
Ben, you actually look better than Aziz..
but he's a little funnier than you but it's pretty close haha
yes to both :
hook office still smells of raw sewage.
sniffing sharpees to stay alive.
isit5PMyet?
It's like they know it's bout to happen / just keep ya eye out like Aye aye, captainin.
I think your the last pieces of my puzzle called life.
Nothing could be better than hanging out at Freshman Day!
well zynga traditionally goes after stay at home moms, i think
Whoever decided to do construction during the holiday season sucks balls..
Really main street..
Really?
5 waits at a light?
Balls
Sign around high school tourists' necks at Press Club food court: Crime pays for banks and frackers
Thanks Adelia Keep spreading the word :D xoxogno
Hey Teens!
Want to have some say in what happens at the library?
Join the YAK Krew  Gibson Lib today  4 to talk about programsbooksmore!
Next time I hear a politician exhort finding common ground, I think I'll suggest we start by sharing our feelings about TicketMaster....
RT : sound great.
can't wait to enjoy some of their great eats!
Perhaps the nicest thing you could say about me.
:
Genomes of two champion bulls sequenced
AWESOME COVER DUDE!!!!
Great job!
I love Green day lol...but my band mostly does sreamo.
That shit happened to me too!
What the fuck!
Has Hollywood learned nothing from Snakes on a Plane?
follows this model with their email rating system.
Shaq is my favorite sports commentator shaq daddy keep doin your thing!
Writing's all about the sentence basics: what's the subject, how's the verb?
Grow your blossoms on the branches of great structure.
Thanks for the follow I love your picture!
a good time to stop studying is when your laptop dies.
Even a machine can't handle all the knowledge
What am I supposed to be doing with scoville?
Still haven't figured that out.
We hope you enjoyed the show!
We've been hearing awesome reviews of it!
Saying Or Not When People Do the Complete Opposite of What You Just Said
So why do record stores still have Bongs  Rolling Papers aren't we past that yet?
Think college bar.
Id be hard pressed to find a pickle here.
Sheriff's Log  Big Bear Grizzly
Its been a good a crazy season Magic....hope for a good summer.
VICTORY!
I finally got that freaking teeny shard of glass out of my pinky finger!
You best believe I'm gonna see kells Friday in Denver .
Don't care if I have to walk 10 mile's.
And I'm going by myself.
Um ru kidding me?!?!?
This is comical.
RT : Where is your commitment leading you right now?
Something about taking an education class final
If one song sums up my Life it would be Don't speak By No Doubt TragicKingdom I know what your thinking oO
The probability of a black parody song having the word doodoo in it is like 85
Please support Walk for Wishes this saturday.
I got it from my mama.....
Thx mom.
3 me
youre a bad texter no its called i dont want to talk to you...
get it right
Lmaooo soo true I did it all the time:/
aye bay bay :D
free cassel too
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 97
Follow my new twitter ; :
Running jump / kiss  success
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
Can you elaborate or is there an article in the works we should look 4ward2?: RT : Still favorites for PM?Yes
Well at least we know Reggie will be back for his senior season...
more men should rock Faris style :
A little voice inside my head said don't look back, you can never look back
aye I need an appt ASAP
Watching old Mosley fight
I want to propose a system that includes dev/design people who care about the quality not the quantity.
I'm not in it to milk  from people.
So earlier I sign my contract for my agent so I'm just feelin great right now!
Godup2sumthin!
so I'll be in South Carolina on Sunday;
In your butt, put the eyeball in your butt Put, put the eyeball in your butt  Eddie Murphy song
WhatAWomanNeeds is to know that you have her back unconditionally...Mia Opening Chicago soon!
so full of pizza right now
Push them to the dirt, till the words don't hurt; can you hear me?
sounds fun..
but I doubt I can get in ahaha
Prepping for the mothers day edition of carlsononthelaw on tune in at 11
I feel...
Used
I wish you cared about how I feel..
you have none...
Loser
People that go to pearlridge every weekend.
tiredyet?
what's good with this music time to make some moves for this comp before u head out
Those I love you more fights 
A commitment to excellence  that will enable you to attain the success you seek
If Hasidism came if age in the 1970s instead of the 1790s, would the hasids be wearing polyester leisure suits?
I miss my bestie You should come home now!
Thanks.
Marvelous Monday Special 1/2 off ALL bottles of wine and champagne!
Bring a friend!
I dont want you to be sad.
im really trying to help you but your really not letting me.
cause ya never texted me LMFAOOO
Monster Mash Mode is what she on
we play your music in our office while we pack care packages for Cancer patients.
Thanks for being such an inspiration!
M1919 on a half track that was actually deployed in ww2 Topshot gonna be so awesome.
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for the Pgh Blues Festival!
July 2426  Hartwood Acres.
DM me for more info!
Jam to live Blues for FREE!
when your window of opportunity is only 5 minutes long and its also your first impression then making a mistake is deadly.
Done cleaning up !
Where's my MEDS !!!!!
I really don't know how my life could be better right now I got everything I need 
Will the league look at the Bryant foul on Faried  rule it a flagrant 2 and suspend him for the next game?
well get better man  be at practice before the week ends dawg, Scrimmage On Friday :D
Woohoo!!
Passed the second zoom!
Keep those RepeatReceipt tweets coming and we'll have this map zoomed in no time!
SecretService I did get a prostitute but was too doctornk to have sex
Love dealing with awesome customer service reps.
Thanks Tracy at !
Can't wait for the new business cards!
hey i love you.....it's rare true?
but i love you
Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours.
...even though I suck ass
MattCavanuaghSays Avengers wasn't a good movie
I wana put u on my plate ben wantn to for awhile now
yes!!
There having the interview at 8:40 but where don't hear till 10:40 cuz there behind on time then we are
The way folks use the word we when talking about sports, you would think they are really on the team.
what's the best way besides social media to get the word out about a new product or brand??
thnx for following.
LOL Hubby.
I give him lots of sex and he pays the bills.
:
Make that.
2 bands sets of Private performances!
thank you dear!
Glad you enjoyed it 
I love you do much that I'd keep you from getting burned
What is hatch.cc?
I saw it in your tweet details and got curious...their site is mysterious...
let us skype and I shall explain all, things are looking up!!
I used to work at RBIA and if any employee ever caught a foul or BP ball, you gave it to the first kid you saw or got fired.
Sometimes when I'm angry, i like to pretend i don't know you.
Please go smoke outside sir!!!
I MEAN WHAT THE HELL.
they fired my other, other wife...?
If you ever want a conversation about reg cost and benefits, you can read the report or reach out to me via email anytime.
Thanks!
if you're going to pull over to switch buses, maybe the bus that's not broken should be there waiting.
Today felt lik a regular day for me lik I worked I'm tired an I'm onna bus on my way back home
thank you.
i love your icon :
It's a scorcher today!
Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade.
24oz for only 2.99
I'm looking outside and it's a snowing.....
To get where you wanna be: 1.
Build something up so high its unattainable.
2.
Burn it down.
3.
Start over with higher goals.
johnnywalkertasting too bad I hate scotch
Shipping back to Boston after an awesome weekend in NYC!
:/ babe its ok
About to upload or first video blog!
Stay tuned!
Hello JO Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
My husband is completely clueless!!
Happy thanksgiving !!!!!!!
xD
Nope just ready to tackle the day...
: and thinking of how useful your car phone charger was at sxsw thanks!
We need to have an all classic rock night soon
I need to start legacy fit with u guys.
Just was shopping and double sided mirrors don't lie!
May the 4th be with you.
I'm going to need the Atlanta Hawks to act like they got the number 1 defense like seriously!!!
How come some lame quote accounts are verified but isnt?
: RETWEET if you think he should be!
3
Wtfffff how shorty sexy and hideous at the same time!!!!
Oh shit Remy do that to u lmao
Google is SO damn confused.
O about to have 1,000 by tomorrow!!!!!
Ahh yes..
Sunrise on the Spanish Mediterranean....
All my MexicanAmerican friends need to be here to enjoy w' me!
Sorry to all my new followers who I havent followed back!!!
I've been real busy lately but thats all gonna change right now
I'm making dinner tonight.
Wanna come over?
I agree
glad to hear we both made it through our classes
It's the last day to catch our anniversary sale!
Come on by and take advantage of the 18 off!
Dbl punch doctornk is a peppermint mocha!
beyond formal plans, do you guys have single user addon prices?
example: if we go above 35 users or our needs are between plans
Acrylic nails in da Health Care professorssion is very much frowned upon.Sik wrap maybe a better option :0.mines r silk wrapped
gettin yelled at ..
because im not home ?
she acts like she dont want me home so tf am i post to do ?
..
okay moms ..
I recently learned that Turkey is the name of a country and NOW I learn that it's a TERRORIST country.
It's like UGH!
Consults on how to write the moidah's realistically?
Seriously, if I write it I'll keep that edit/consult in mind.
t lol last tweet;
only accept if it's from a Cambodian immigrant from the Bronx.
tomorrow I'm ma fail the class I'm so sorry I really am
RT : RT : Blog post of 's visit to for an employee teambuilding exercise designing...
And boom goes the dynamite!
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her.
BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
donttt be afraid!!!
It's funny how people wanna start limping when they're fucking up so they won't look bad, HA.
Feet swollen....
Tell me this is a true story!
will 7'2 loek van mil make it to the big leagues?
Indie authors, indie spirits: we care more about our stories' quality than about how many copies a publisher thinks they would sell.
love 8Bit Heart.
Wishing you much continued success!!!
I completely agree!
Too many franchisors leave their franchisees to find funding themselves instead of being proactive.
Hahaha, apparently so!
so its official, we're getting married.
We'll talk more details when you come to Seattle.
;
Will the free time gods smile on me tonight?
Depends...
yes?
Loll
Oh no.
First, that was a great description.
We haven't met, but from your pic, I dont see you as a doughy guy.
i find nutella nasty.
idk whats so awesome about it.
For some, grace means unmerited love.
Maybe thats why developing relationships takes such courage  Patricia Eagle, June 17, 2006
thank you really!!
haha and idkk I've been growing it since 6th...im in 11th now or 12th now I guess XD
no you rock Gillyweed!
well lets hope his stats get better this week compared to the first few
Starting this Sunday!!!!
Stay w/ Patch all day for uptodate coverage of today's vote.
For other local results check out 
Where can I get authentic Italian meal in San Diego?
I miss you but im really trying not to care anymore
I love Eminem!
I like Skittles better.
No, the rapper you idiot...
You're the idiot, what's so good about a MM wrapper?
I have to go see a chiropractor tomorrow.
Should I feel old or
dj anthony on air right now listen to WIN a 4 pack uf buffalo bandits tickets for this saturday night!!!!!!!
I really have breathing problems..
and it hurts my chest..
My favorite thing about Twitter is noone can look at you and say That Was Random
Very nice!
I am a Barbie girl!
:
i love you too :
NY and PA had the largest fleet of steamboats in the 1830s/1840s  by far.
It seems someone should write Steamboats on the Eastern Rivers
Getting through the curriculum is IRRELEVANT.
What the kids learn is what matters.
its a date :
Nowplaying space bound  eminem
Am I wasting my time talking to you?
I'm good!
Busy busy!
yes I feel a little bit better..not to great tho but it's ok.
How are you?
Woohoo!
Looking forward to hearing the results from the latest upgrades for your strat.
All I want to know is where can I get one of those light up suits!
Walker's Point, fingers crossed.
Did you tell them who you are!?!?
Try shouting I'm Barney!
I'm Doogie!
I'm HUNGRY!
.
I think that thrs an old spirit of the remnants of the south that comes 2 life evry 1ce in a while...
What makes a quality experience?
RT : OTOH, Im torn bet too much use of smartphones in galleries vs people really LOOKIN
But Panda doesn't affect SEO...
Content farming still effective to improve page position...
good timing!
Watching from 214!
GT Events is on twitter!!!
Love it when a plan works out!...So far, so good anyway!
His manner is politely pleaseant and compliant but w/ distant amiability of indifference.
MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Yes!
Always!
The donations that come in for my passion: ChangeActivists.Org are blessings!
They let me continue to change lives!
Thank you!
What is your FAVORITE yoga pose and why???
That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...
A bit startled to discover has 63 followers, despite no updates ever.
Patient friends: will tweet some steve news soon.
I know!
let me unfollow someone who isnt following me to follow you!
It's game time !
Today's selection  Bone Thugs and harmony  Crossroads!
Game on.
FYI get ready for an exciting promotion for our facebook fans.
like us today to become eligible.
Hello, Thank you for the follow.
Will be checking in with you soon.
Would like to discuss some things in securing a loan.
Granicus is still looking for to stop by booth 301 for his prize...all icma11 attendees can win too by tweeting
all good keeps have a bad spell, remember this is his 1st full season
yes!
It's perfect for watching Mad Men :
Yay!
Now the wait for mine...
Of course!
We're excited for the event!
Planning epic bike adventure into Jersey tomorrow.
Who wants to come with?
Ngga's are like fake Hair here Rogan
90sproblems  Technology  Which will be the same thing ten years later
Waiting for Godot .
.
.
thanks for following, Ashley.
I'm starving!,
Oh, and whatever the hell esports is.
I like sports.
I like e.
Might be fun to watch.
Today is NationalDayofPrayer...get on it!
Heading to Atlanta for a conference.
Appreciate any recommendations for places to eat/visit while down there, or people I should try to meet
if i where your boyfriend 3
love that movie!
Happy Birthday!
Excited to learn some content ideas!
: 9 Powerful, Low Cost Content Marketing Ideas to Grow Your Business.
convcon
I got on the scale this morning.
but there was a camera in the room that added 10lbs.
I am sure it did, whether it was on or not.
The contexts wld broaden seems an odd choice of tense.
They DID.
I was there.
lol I gotta stop tweetin on facebook and talk all my shit on here gotta step my game up
RT : There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child....
I'm so behind on all my tv shows
Taking my Mamma out for a little prebirthday meal.
Lord knows, the woman deserves it.
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
Laying out :
I love how people says to stop hating on a crew and that it is wrong and then go on bashing with another crew.
Hypocrites...
Woo!
22 episodes of PARKS AND REC next season!
Buddy stands on us and meows when he wants us up.
Lol RT : Just announced: The PacersSixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
follow back thank u beautiful
Pretty packed weekend, Giro starts today, tonight and tomorrow followed by
Brad Bird needs to direct the fantastic four reboot I mean since he made an animated version of it called the incredibles.
Marvel hire him.
I love you Peyton: I'm honored that I was able to help you get there!
21
omg that really bothered me last night:!!!
Haha I couldn't stop talking about it
Domeone should tell JamieDimon that the financial services sector is not the ...creator of all things.
is gunna be at parx casino on april 1st!!!!!!!
In PHILLY!
Thank you for the RT!
Hope your having a great Thursday!

Money is the Motivation
Don't forget Triple H....WTF?!?
He just lost his Black Card
Off to see the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational movie
Mi madoctor does work tonight, unfortunately
because ACOs will function as an organization, but the model may discourage the sharing of data outside the ACO
WHY IS THAT WINDOWS OS, FEELS LIKE MANEUVERING THRU A LAND MINE FIELD?
DON'T CLICK THAT, WATCH OUT, HOVER BUT DONT LINGER OVER THAT POPUP
am heading 2 bed...
thanks 4 a gr8 chat!
He owns captain Kirk's chair!
doing comm/vo work is still better than any other non industry related day job...
you should be ready to rock now.
Sorry about that 
We'll pass along the hello!
RT : I need to get back to Bin 36 and see Brian.
Tell him hello please
Cool.
Glad you're enjoying it.
Okay so who wants to buy me a 67 camero?
I know what you mean, my facebook has become kind of boring
lol i am just a teen
Did anyone else see World Peace just elbow that dude, wow.
Bout to see at the
it's my dads birthday so I will be out of commission this weekend but no worries I'll be back in a week so we'll have to hang
did the employee violate an NDA?
What's the legal issue?
You need two people in a car to maneuver in Chicago traffic!!!!!
don't think I haven't noticed.
Happy New Year everyone!
Be safe out there!
Google me!
When my brother tries to tell my Mexican grandma a story 
GC can too.
What a weird phenom.
rockin the stealth 10's on the court and his little Nay Nay rockin them 2 rows behind me
Chinas accidental release 2.4 million gallons acidlaced waste into Ting River.
China mobilizes 1,000 vessels to respond to an oil spill
I saw it too7
excited times a million!
Packing for Miami...anything new on your radar down there???
Who has a rocket I can hitch a ride on?
I'm going to party on the moon!
RT : Quote  Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Anonymous
hahhaa.
Im so tired first thing I thought you were dead serious.
I love when ppl hate.
free
Our office will be closed from Dec.
19 thru Jan.
1.
During that time, Unify support will be sporadic, but available.
I always died, or killed everyone I loved :
Marc Gasol looking like Bill Walton with gorgeous bounce pass to Z Bo for the deuce
Dude I was wide open.
: Thank you, i'll always be your little bo :you sure will!!
Going to get a purple tattoo so when I get old it'll look like a raisin...
Yea, I'm sure I'll do that one.
It's a popular one up here for sure!
Hello all
TWEET for a special discount  www.PatricksCatering.com...
I'm in a meeting that I can't believe I am in right now.
In a really good way.
pinching myself.
Musicmoody food Of us that trade in love.
Cleopatra, Act II, scene v
Not showing up  disrespectful and arrogant.
And no, I'm not talking about Jesus.
Angels at Rangers
iTunes and listen to the first part, you should understand what he is singing about.
Denver came out ballin!
KB24 vs MJ23  he is suffering from flu like symptoms
Dear , as a foodie your personalized suggestions of Denny's and Family Pancake House leave a bit to be desired.
In the weight room bOut to work heemington
Massacre ...
Immediately my heart goes click!
You betcha!
Although, I haven't seen it yet so it could be an imposter.
;
ahaha I got ya
just rocked live stream about new book The Iron Knight!
Hopefully, will approve me to read it NOW : Congrats, Julie!
If i think you suck, then you will see it on my face
Chose to let the customer name their price for photos this time.
Let's see how much this one backfires at me.
True victors in life are those who, enduring challenges  setbacks, have the roots of their being to a depth that nothing can shake them.
Hm....Is that a threat?
Please go to my website and let me know what you think about The Sentinel www.normanrayfitts.com
I Wish You Would Call me  Tell me you wanna be with me, i wanna hear you tell me youu need me../: 3 iLove You, 3 u.u
IU is playing solid...
Impressed!
out west where there'll be flawless Thai food everywhere!
So jealous!
what happened homie??...
Thanks Starbucks for my free latte!
A milk chocolate bar contains more protein than a banana does.
OKC and Lakers for semi finals .
Say what you will about Yu Darvish's performance last night, but I think we can all agree his hair made a pretty sweet debut.
ME AND MOM MARK A CAKE LOL
All I can say is I wish the Runnin' Horns were active when KD was there
why cant someone be liked for who they are and not their body?
I don't get it!
big hitter plush today....
Nice hit
nothing.
Waiting for Alex's Ustream to start.
What up with you?
All I wanted to do was sit, watch a movie, eat soup.
But no!
enjoy the show.
I hope this week goes by fast.
I saw that.
Im just ignoring it.
He's a troll who wants attention.
Don't let him bother you.
:
Yes, daughter.
I saw you sneaking your DS into bed.
However, I also know all the chargers are down here, and it's dead.
i got hoes anndd ?
but i keep my legs closedd but i believe keepin yo mouth  leg close is the only way too make yo money !
Bitxc bye!
Night everyone!
Weeks almost done:
I'm kind of the tweet mistress for the group.
Saw your tweet and thought I'd listen.
Never too late at night to jam out!
Requests are in for that!
Hope you are doing GREAT!
Central Park sitting at 75 as of 3 PM.
Teterboro and Newark both at 79.
Very close to the record of 80 degrees at EWR airport!
Wait.
Did just say that better treatment of concussions is being proactive?
I do not think it means what you think it means.
Senator Coburn is going really hard on Sotomayor.
He seems angry...
Centrum Gala Dinner and Auction will take place Saturday Oct 16 at Fort Worden Commons.
Contact .
www.centrum.org
Haven't yet heard anybody talk about the network needed to support TV distribution, particularly as we're moving toward unicast delivery.
cum shot no face?
I'm disappointed in you right now lol
yeah definitely ;; hahahah NO
this is actually the first movie i have ever seen in 3D I am in the theater tripping lol
This is where I belong
M cheese curds!
Any way to get on RT : Russell Martin fakes getting hit for a base  learning something from the captainin I see.
Yes!
We love and too!
They play 2 nights in SF, maybe you'll win a pair of tiks  catch a set...
;
Thank you for the mention!
who is u never mentioned her before.
Lmao.
Tell me about it.
And I live in Brooklyn.
Takes me at least 2x as long to get anywhere.
Badgers now taken in each of first four rds.
of NFLdoctorft.
, LSU only schools with players taken in each of first three rds.
This guy at the grocery store just shouted  Smile!
Smile!
at me.
:/
If you bought those Skechers shoes to shape up your behind..you could be in for a refund.
Go to the Skechers website to find out how.
EightysWorld2.
new video coming soon
I can't wait either!!!
We might have extra bedoctorom!!
Why don't I have service in my own damn apartment?
Goodnight Dallas!!
I really like the hmo, Kaiser.
Every time I've had a ppo things get too complicated, expensive and annoying.
:
I just watched nbc's new show, Kings, on hulu?
New best show on tv.
If they cancel it I will do them a terrorism.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
yesterday i was filming a movies now im back in my production office today
Today, Brad Pitt's movie Moneyball is out on DVD.
Have you seen it?
Record a review with QWiPS' iPhone App and share it with your friends!
thanks, i know, i'm awesome, i get it alot
Too funny.
Saw a woman this morning w/a pair of peach color denim  chambray shirt.
Looked great, but she was also size 0.
In 1967 I was chased thru PS 206, Queens, NYC by a nurse because I wore slacks to school.
I hid in a stairwell!
Believe me, i told her that i was talking to you and she's been smiling ever since :
Everyone who wants to judge me u should just shut up
its about time!
Btw, looking for comics season 1 of Walking Dead and I can't find volume 1 anywhere!
hope u can join us at
Yo, tweet overload today!
A little bored on your morning off?
lol.
Do you ever get those spam tweets right after your tweets?
I bet would make a really good cody simpson love story XD
30 more minutes.
Hopefully they go quick and I don't have to do shit.
Looking at me now, I can see my past, Damn, I look just like my fucking Dad
Its important to honor anothers individual process, but it can be very powerful for others to witness your own unfolding.
Yes sir!
FOCUS ON IT!
those are AMAZING coats
Haha.
I have to find it.
It's like he's stuck in the 80s and 90s.
Smh.
Guys always wonder what girls are thinking...
then we realize they are wondering the same thing hehe; this could be fun:
Feet up watching safe house
Print a Valentine on the library's Albion Press TODAY at 2pm in Book Arts  Special Collections!
Limited to the 1st 100 people!
Can I deduct the amount I spend on my hair appointment from my taxable income?
taxbreak my hair stylist is making
Kindle book sales outsold paper copies last Christmas for the first time.
Whew, what a weekend!
Beach, shopping, music, fashion, farmers market, surf, relax.
Screw the 10 facts I'll just do a My Story Video...
poster 1 interesting: hyperspectral imaging for works on paper as part of documentation
that never happens, Pam.
I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice Happy Easter
I love painting my nails in the morning and watching
Thanks for the luv!
Happy FF!
Adele tour rider: North American beer is NOT acceptable.
, , : battle stations!
Lady Elaine Fairchild is the poster child for stage 3 rosacea.
don't mind if I do lol oh you wasn't talking about me
Check out our new Poll.
What are your kids favorite brand of pajamas?

Got a Client to Train at The gym at 4 today 
photo shoot today with
I think we're on the same page here.
bernier with brown as part of a package for Nash?
Keeping my fingers crossed and saying my prayers!!
God is good, GOD IS GREAT!
3
Thinking about creating my own blog to just write what's in my heart and what God is showing me.
:
Im not as cool with niggas , as i once was .
I feels xD
You can get as close as a conservator, but can you smell it?
haha you can do that while i do something productive
I like my doctorp shadows on the bottom left.
It's always 4pm in my world.
He got secret gay lover : RT RT Obama leading war on traditional marriage RushLimbaugh who is on his 4th marriage
This is what I do.
I take a picture with instagram and add the effects, whatever.
Then I screen shot it to upload it later LOL.
New Adventures in Wholesome ghd Ageing   Your Online ...
Hi Zaud, have you checked out the iPad app yet?
Updated version coming soon.
thank you!!
I needed that  hold ya smile!
Miami
Choosing to ignore, i dont hit clark street wo the doctoram of TL.
Wheres at?
Maybe we should just patio marg..
really!?
Oh I got lots to tell you in lunch tomorrow!

this was in a box.
I took it out to throw away because I have these albums digitally now.
And it's still sitting here.
:/
Greek yogurt is a great breakfast item.
Lots of protein and it's filling!
cards/cats fans are crazy.
My boy is flying 4129 miles from Bethel, AK to watch this game
If you don't have no shape at all ..
I mean at all wear a fucking poncho !!
I have a Halloween article for immediate release about a raffle to benefit BDAR.
Wondering how I can send it along to you?
nm, he's here, just not voiced.
I miss you making me happy, cuz I am not happy right now.
Many times RT mediacommons MT How many ..
have participated in open peer review?
I'm going!
Need a new brain.
This one's faulty.
Sotomayor cartoon: I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
Ohmigod.
Bruce Villanche needs to stop punching up these speeches.
Wade with the epic fail
eh you just played into his hand, you should hire an editor or something
But wiping away a few thousand bucks on credit cards can add 100 points to your credit score
If content is king, then conversion is queen.
John Munsell, CEO of Bizzuka.
Why yes, yes she is.
lol, thought about buying a micropiece cuz i like to support women plyrs saving  for barrage of imitation posts :/
Going to mommy's birthday dinner.
:
love you too:
Thanks Brady!
Anyone know of articles or videos out there that give UX/design advice directly to the client layer of decisionmakers and not to designers?
Is it bad that the DVD player just turned itself off when I never actually turned it on?
Much love to all the Vancouver niggas out there fuckin shit up.
Hold it down my niggas
Great ending to the Harry Potter series.
Sorry to see it end
Thanks for the RT of our post on Nosal!
Im up early for no goddamn reason cause muthafuckas wanna come in my room and be loud 
I Love being at Home in the ATX.....
Lond day saturday.
I'm djing at the heatwave during the day n Geisha room at night.
Lets do this...
My 1st ever attempt at sweet potato casserole  let it be delicious!
follow me on Instagram  antonysoto I'll follow you back
Fun watching superbowl coverage.
I'm homesick for Indy.
Just go through little spells where I withdoctorw a bit.
Not as bad as I used to.
This weekend could make a big impression on the AL East
ok I thought you were done after vacuuming, I now feel wholly unproductive
longer than i would have liked.
New songs in the works...
Country musicians use concert to help Ky storm victims
I'll be very glad when the Search API is just part of the REST API and no one has to worry about differences again
just sayin hello, as a new follower!
tryin to follow more of the namesake!
keep up that great work!
When you say it like that, I don't know if I wanna try it.
OO Yikes!
lol.
i still ship cailey
If you stick with the people you always hang with then there will be no misunderstanding.
Hope you are enjoying your Friday!!!!
oh john, always so logical.
cc:
dats cause you roll deep bro bro imblackout lol
you know what I really want right now?
Tomorrow.
Two very different shows!
He Is We at Rocketown and Adelitas Way at Exit/in!
Pick your poison.
around noon  my husband will be in to pick it up!
Thanks so much!
In a good mood:
RT : RT : New Google Maps project Street Roo  1,000 kangaroos will captainre 98 of the Australian outback in ...
you something else you need a hug...
Lol
i want to know which county is not represented at UNC...any ideas?
Finally finished all the tons and tons of homework my teachers so graciously gave me
I wish lebron would start attacking, they'll foul and possible and one EVERY time
Just saw the Cat Dance on sharktank.
You should expand and have doctorw for your company.
Sales would grow exponentially.
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day everyone.
New journalists have the hardest times with potawatomi, oneida, Wausau, Menomonee...ETC.
We should start quizzing ppl b4 they hit air.
Talking about wedding planning with a friend makes me want to elope.
And I'm not even engaged yet!!
Overheard from two tables over: Boom goes the dynamite!!!
all PAKALITES  music lovers follow for a hott blend of rb, hiphop, Gospel, and more www.intrigueurecords.com
alliwantis A more visual search engine...google is just boring!
Http://tomorrowbook.com
Looking forward to sharing some great music new from eqlrecords.com Check out our website let me know what you think...
hello: would I know by now if i'd won those new delillo paperbacks you were giving away?
meh to each.
Gunna see doctorke in like 4 hours!
;D
you are welcome.
Your thoughts about SoMe made me think about how we can truly use this information to move meded and careers!
Sounds like really cool courses, I'm in the distance learning track :
Some people call it Money  Patience...
but it is really balls  brains.
wow dude thanks for the invite
Everybody make sure to send some followers this way
seeing it live in person.
And the crazy conservatives.
Listening to news about Haiti on made me thankful for the clean water coming out of my faucet today.
Birthday Girl :
Just joined my second ALA committee.
That dude is now my hero.
Hilton Baltimore Room 751  Before During and After Party.
Just knock.
People wonder what Jack Bauer would have thought of the Bin Laden raid.
I bet his brother Eddie would have liked the beige desert fatigues.
silly girl..thinks she's the only one at a kitchen table
New blog update tomorrow!
Please follow me and i promise i will follow you back : 3
Mitt's offspring each their childoctorn.
haha go for it mama
glad that my tweets can get you off.
How does everyone feel about thrice taking a break from music?
I'm following now, awesome resource.
I would expect a very strong sentiment for Jon Lucroy to be an allstar starting soon.
Quickly becoming a huge fan favorite for the
hell ya man congratts with Gresham...
I'm from Okc!!
Enjoy single coverage this year!
shut up with these inspirational things puss
numbers:i like 33 question:do u have a question?
lastname:mine is diaz
Contemplating putting together a Welsh, Scottish or German Heritage Tour.
What's your vote?
Or should I do them all?
FRIDAY  ONE DAY SALE on WildCaught Alaskan Salmon for 7.99/lb.
Try this great sustainable product at an amazing price!
your daughters/son are wonderful your an amazing mom keep up the good work 
: subway buddies 3
Good win for IHD!
Had 19 and is keeping his 1 dunk per game going 
Big Year for you bro!
Mad love and respect I'm hoping the beat for you bruh !
no negros tonight?
Trying to figure out what I want to do for our 18th wedding anniversary this year.
I'm thinking Jamaica or Cozumel or Cayman Islands!
National Bieber Day!
Happy Birthday !
I Love You!
3
could be glass cleaner pica.
dump a bottle of Windex on his head.
he doctornks it...medical.
if he starts dirty dancing...oops.
Starting to think Ford'll be trouble later in life to pay us back for these heavenly first months.
Babies aren't supposed to be this easy...
In need of a nap
1st time on twitter today thanks 2 commitment 2 singletasking.
Good or bad thing?
Not sure, but I do feel like I've gotten more done 2day.
Just watched Avatar for the first time.
I fell asleep like 42 times...
Not a fan.
Judge me
yeah its a great love doctorma if u in to dat
My new years resolution will have something to do with never having to untangle Christmas lights again.
It will begin with a prelit tree.
hehe I'm joking
yeah, a Starbucks coffee can cost 48.00 a gallon!
I love Jason Aldean!!
I can't wait for to start touring.
I need to get out of this town for awhile.
...
given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
Never hate people wha are jealous of you but respect their jealousy they're there people who think you're better than them
could you follow me back??
Yay!
I'm so excited too!
Cash rules everything around me..
Thanks 4 the get in pass  Chris Spencer Birthday, MAN WHAT A NIGHT!
U DA MAN DOGG!!
RT : Aye......I got this doctornk in my cup
Joe Brennan is still looking for his first completed pass.
Not getting much help from WRs, though.
Im a New Artist Follow me
thanks for checking in.
Saying encouraging things to MS Word helps.
And, when the machines take over, you could have a builtin friend.
;D
i'm mad bro
the Edmonds family has this Xmas trivia game we play and they always ask questions about the Norwegian Xmas for some reason...
OH, I MISS Diet Coke!
My acupuncturist told me I should stop.
No alcohol, no caffeine....not pretty
Hey Northwestern!
We want 2 pair up with U for a fundoctorising opp w/ Chevy this smstr.
DM us back for deets!
ice skating, time to look like an idiot with my friends!
:D
Mother's Day is this weekend....
stop in to pick up the gift of relaxation....
relax mom.
Sure.
Get ready, I will destroy you.
We can help you begin the process of recovering physically and financially from your injury or the loss of a loved one in a fatal accident.
big ups nw following.:
Attending and learning at TEDxEast amazing speakers and artists on education,space explorations,process of creating and much more
I think I know where ur talking about, now u have me wanting bbq lol
This is the best fanbase ever!
Well actually the BVBArmy is...sorry Wellers!
:P
follow me:
Spinning a private event tonight.
What kind of truck?
We have a lot.
As long as you don't have a big rig, you'll be good to go.
live from on in advance of tomorrow's debate in Old Main.
Nice to see my college campus on TV.
Thanks Tommy, I got another but I appreciate yours too!
i think the bright light was a joke or a car bomb or something like that or ufo
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars.
The rest I just squandered.
George Best
Common sense: If a creepy dude is stalking u don't hide or run away.
U GET in their face and say stop stalking me bitch
This wind is horrible.
I'm so uncomfortable.
turkeyfry.
Chairs are blowing!
Beer almost blew over!
I hope you made the right choice and picked me over itsybitsyteenyweeny don't get sucked into his superbowl crap
I guess you didn't resize.
That site is totes responsive.
Heh.
WP being busted.
Whatev's.
Thanks Love: 3
RT : Did you know...
The Blackstone Hotel will be featured on Monday's season premiere episode of The Rachael Ray Show?
thanks, doctorw!
It's on the calendar.
See you there?
I think radios all over DSM were all turned up at the same time with live KISS ON KGGO!
On the phone with foreign investor this morning.
thanks for the love :
Beautiful, bittersweet day in the office today.
Free lunch in SAP's beautiful atrium cafeteria, and many many goodbyes ...
dang i just finished my outline.
i'm pretty much gonna fail.
i keep putting it off.
cosign : It may be too soon, but I am definitely casting my vote for to be the new mayor!
Who wants to go to Miami Beach with me tomorrow to look for Miley Cyrus??
FF shoutout cause Des Des is just awesome
thanks for the shout outs, but I have a sneaky suspicion you meant
Had a fun audition today with Angela Mickey, some cute kids, a lion and Chase Bank!
Matthew 6:3334 NIV.
'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
But dear god
Heal up quick!!
I got an hour and a half at the high...
What shall I do ...?
nice follow up chief.
I look forward to future blog skits.
i 3 the new website.
way 2 go on all your hard work  it shows!!
its just not traditional
LA, CA need females for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 160 dollars.
god morning
Remember your roots
Wow, four John Clay runs  Gets the Badgers a first down  By seven inches!
Loyalty royalty
if you wear the right hat, you can fool anyone
doctorppin that solo album tomorrow.
Yeah buddy.
im fallowing sweety
Maybe it could get sponsored and she could make some money too!
Kardashian style!
It's something else.
I'm doing good but I'm trying to be great
K.
So we made it through Glacier a few days ago but had some substantial technical difficulties.
85 hilly mi.
to lasagna.
Tomorrow, Idaho.
If I start eating the crayon, I'll know I have a problem.
wow!
Lucky!
Do not ask me when will it be out, because I honestly don't know.
I will try get an interview to talk more about that, loves.
Xx 
Time goes much slower when you have to pee in the car
that be yall u be just waking up
Plus Linebrink is never the solution to any problem.
You know where we are!
Just call or text and let me know when!
!
Way to be!
Send your addoctorss to .
What do you and your MINI have in store for the weekend?
I'm gonna blow up babes phone.
I'd pay good money to watch Herzog stab Pine in the neck repeatedly:D
I mean from Tuesday cbusr event!
Why Was It Sad?
Who is doctorssed up and ready to see tonight?
Doors open in 15 mins!
Um, whoa.
tell Jordan to borrow it from his ape of a brother
Dignity is the opposite of real time.
Jaron Lanier sxswi
I can't help myself notice you, noticing me ;
indeed, I gots you!!
It's a must
I've had a million interviews, but this by far has me the most nervous and anxious.
what's up
waiting for you to connect with me!
LOL
god bless me 4 know that day so I can start my ladatalla
I loathe everything about this episode, save for the thought of Heinz baked beans.
Hail to the might NSU Spartans for beating the 5th rank team in the country Missouri!
I question why he picked me some times becuz now it feels like our relationship isn't a relationship no more
Even so......WOW.....puts even the best stuff here on my digital to shame!!
How are you doing????
Yes.
TH  preconference workshops  opening social/networking event in the evening.
i did txt you but i stop because you didnt txt me bck
Unfortunately, employment discrim based on sex orientation is still legal.
LGBTIQ are not a protected class under the law
yea whatever, u don't love us lol
no problem you were good for your first time
what's up?
In regards to JSonline popup, GREINKE LOOKS GOOD IN A BREWERS UNIFORM.
Brewers isitopeningdayyet?
The one thing I truly want I can't have.
Would love to fall into a coma for the next half decade

Thanks so very much for your time, patience and being so personable, you are providing a brilliant service 
Good for you Lex!
Just wanted you to know we are keeping your family in our prayers.
How's your dad doing?
Gianna watching Beaker sing Joyful Joyful on UTube.
That was her father  I's Church wedding song.
We went trumpet  not Muppet.
ah yeah lol
I use them for diff things.
This acct originally was for promoting my shirt store.
I have my professorssional acct  few humor accts
Middle finger to the law.
Merry Christmas
Awake for 24 hours now.
May have nodded off for a half hour on the second flight, but that's it.
So short I won't count it.
I tried but I couldn't catch her.
Make the money!
Don't let the money make you!
xoxo's
I feel sick.
Ugh i hate the heat.
I will for sure!
; RT : I never went to birthing classes with mine, you will hve to let me knw wht u thnk!
That sounds rather fulfilling, actually.
Like Bohemian Arsonist!
:
Yes, The arts are one thing that can keep people's morale up when government and the economy are trying to crush it.
I got a gadget.
; It's the only thing I have going for my motivation these days.
That and a doctorve to keep up with my 5yo son.
.
was great at today's UW Women's Leadership talk I made new connections too.
Umph!
I saw your neighbor is a prostitute.
Lol is that a disclosure item
yeah im about that.
MONEY MONEY MONEY I WANT A WHOLE LOT OF DAT!
lol I have no friends 5th period!
When are you coming back?
omg i totally agree!
:
do u ever visit houston?
which part are you going to?
I went to spain a couple years ago and it was awesome haha

the coolness / of the bottom of her kimono / in the bamboo grove haiku Chiyoni
Anatolia Energy announces Dadas Shale core results and updated corporate presentation
terrified.
why whyy do creepy things happen to me wherever i go?
Much love for the shoutout!
Hey, friends...follow 'em.
Good peeps right here.....
Nothing would make it definitive for many true believers.
bay Wood Wizard, the Bay Area?s Leading Wood Restoration Specialist, Announces Engagement After Returning From Africa on an ?Africa Li...
You bet, bud.
What email addoctorss you want me to use?
WASHINGTON  Employers added more than 200,000 jobs in April for the third straight month, the biggest hiring spree in five years.
Mind in one place, heart in another but the grind is still there.
Congratulations!
You just won a free Viru....I mean IPAD 2!!
Merry Christmas!!
3
put her in the chamber all against her wilt chamberlain.
3 you Jen!
And ps Bianca wins her title back because she is making me homemade cookies.
She's so domestic:
Hey gurrrl!
Can u help me get some followers?
It will be greatly appreciated!
Just watched a replay of Lesnar vs Cena.
Absolutely awesome!
Off to filming...
I love being an actor
In mood for Eggplant tonight.
Made the Family a Greek feast: Moussaka, Greek Salad, baba Ganoush, Sauted Eggplant  Zucchini.
Yum!
: Let make it happen.
OK let me know what's next.
That's Gilbert Gottfried, not Gilbert Godfrey.
;

we hear you loud and clear, Rodnell!
My baby did his thing too...doctornk ass...i love you phil!!!
Our private banquet room holds up to 100 people!
Book a party in the month of July or August and get 50 off the hall rental!!!
Sweet deal!
I included a link on LinkedIn called Google Me using Key Words in Google Search showing my Internet self.
Control what they see!
.
or anyone know why the IMDB page on lists him as the 18th president?
Is that in the book?
Did u guys enjoy RAWTonight ?
Wish I were in Seattle, but I'm really enjoying following MLA12 online.
I want nothing to do with buttchugging
hey how are you.
FF some people I support and greatly admire:
I don't play 24 limit poker to win.
I play to throw back a few doctornks and screw with people.
Shame on my library system for not supporting nursing mothers who return to work.
Apparently Lego ran out of Legos.
What is the Matrix of God?
yosoyellz lmfao, STOP PLAYIN' I got me a virgin mobile buy one get one free plan lmfaoooo .
Is leadership development important to your org?...then ask yourself how effective you are at doing it...what is the delta?
I'll get you a napkin too.
:
: NOBODY is better then Tupac .
Not even Lil Wayne .
And Wayne is better then Biggie.
woah timeout that's an insult to life
RIP Dick Clark
Thank you to all of our new followers!
you look great, JarettFox!
I think that you guys should have a girl on your team and I think I could defiantly help you guys on your investigations :
Hello there.
Many thanks for your follows:
REGGAE MASSIVE!!!
This Sat.
610pm...R.U.
IRIE radio show features KING ORTHODOX Sound!!!
TUNES!!!
CHUNES!
DUB PLATES from back back!
Both the kiddori iOS version and Windows Phone version will be see an update in the coming days.
Don't forget to download.
I LOVE YOU 33 I HOPE YOU SEE THIS YOUR AMAZING !
i neva shoulda told her my skype...
now she has another way to purposely annoy me.
Perhaps they're confusing the message with the medium?
thanks, just read it, excellent!
Discovery's last mission before retirement!
RT Shuttle Discovery lifted off at 4:53pmET from NASAs Kennedy Space Center in FL
I love sundays a day to relax wit the fam
They Can Buy 300 Dollar Jeans U Can't They RICH U AIN'T So Keep Yo Li Money
My teeth hurt :O :'
watching .
The Zookeeper with my family :
yeah, but I don't like the majority of the bands in it
Thanks For Following :
420 is not a police code for smoking..
Its funny you called people stupid directly following a flat out misconception :
hey scooter u always say never say never so i know its probibly a ways off but nexttime justin does a us tour plz Wpb fl?
Wait, why do people think Caleb Shomo actually has a good voice?
He's fucking terrible, people...
Doors are now open!!
Get down to Brooklyn bowl!
Obviously it isn't new info but seeing/hearing about what it was like as she went through her treatment is powerful.
Cause I thought you were coming down to my place with the boys.
thanks for the encouragement, Wendy!
Good luck with your writing too!
It hurts my heart to see homeless people on street corners.
I always do give em change.
Have no money to give this poor man.
Dear humidity, you can go now.
Love, Pathieu's hair.
Today had been awesome!
Pinch from The Damned has been here tracking doctorms all day!
The new CD is going to be amazing!
So excited!
If reaches 600 followers I'll give pics of Austin!!
RT : Lotta bow ties and big hats at Johnnie Navy croquet.
Vice Presidential candidates
First injury at Disney Animal Kingdom after 3 day safety record.
They actually make you pay for a bandage.
Definitely not a magical day!
Awesome!
Thanks.
Sharla Passariello with her second goal of the match!!
Come on you Bulls!
My arcadian clock is off and I can't sleep.....
we can't win wit D wade only havin 5 pts.
smh
Help me.
via
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, you are my hero!
Your kindness, gentleness, patience, and provision for my happiness calls for my praise.
Ladies!
Stop posting no makeup pics in FB it gets no likes for a reason.....
No cup of froyo is complete without a cherryontop!
this summers gonna be amazing
In a world of uncertainty, a premium is placed upon the certain...
even if it's pseudocertainty.
Roy sends it to OT with 3 pointer...Blazers win in OT
Havent thought bout it.
I wish my packing was as easy as professorssor Lupin's....
Hm let me try my Fleur Delacour wand  Ah damn, Im not a wizard Harry
It's about time to start choosing sides.
Some people gunna be surprised.
I wish that there were more apps available for the Kindle.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer was executed by the Nazis 67 years ago today.
Hat tip to , whose biography of Bonhoeffer is a mustread.
Favre testimony?
Don't expect Clemens or Sosa.
BLFBilly Jeff Clinton.
Smooth as Jim Beam!
Tom Murphy, ULI breakfast, Building on Innovation: 'RTP has the second best brand name in the nation, next to Silicon Valley.'
he's gotten cockier over the years
We have been babying my back all day.
The discomfort tires me out.
Off to read in the bed, on my side, until it lulls me to sleep.
Other Reasons You Might Sell Your Home Its hard to believe it, but most homeowners are not alone in their feelings of worry, fear, etc.
In good ole Milwaukee and all I want to do is sleep.
is a funny dude.
Do the dew dude.
Almost at 5,000th tweet, better think of a good one.
nicest ever best in real life too : 
Rangers goal to tie in last 2 seconds denied by penalty.
I love live hockey.
On the hunt for Jeff Gorvette.
In real life the beasties call him Crash Gordon.
Green Street Hooligans!
Totally badass.
No, Shannon, actually I was able to discern between yours  Wes's statements.
Now, I'm asking you both to elaborate.
USC head coach Lane Kiffin played quarterback at Fresno State, where his position coach was current Cal head coach Jeff Tedford
Really?
I should just do it?
Did you go to Midtown for comics today?
LATIN BILLBOARDS.
these performances are always so amazing!
4 DAYS!
Are YOU ready for the zombie apocalypse?
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: kinda heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbah riffquot;
Stacks on Deck hahaha
Need of Additional Facilities to Boost Fertilizer Industries
hope you have a good time in ft lau maybe I'll see you while you are here
Most certainly!
Thank you for the FF!
Brake doctorms, ftw!
Oh haha well my phone was broken all day!
Resend it!
S/O to my bro on this Welcome To The D.O.P.E.
GAME mixtape SHIT BANGS
RT if you are a Sagittarius
Take care of your body.
Its the only place you have to live.
Jimisterhn
On my way to see Seth Godin.
Very excited.
how is 1/3 of Tres Pistoles feelin this morning?
The moonshine was a bit too much Im sure.
Last time I checked had cleaned off the seafoam on Fox5
Things his fantasy owners ask themselves every day.
RT : What happened to Eric Hosmer?
hey , is just as pretty as some of those ladies yer giving free tix to.
We'll leave before you wake up even.
I Wanna Dog..
A Pit
he's a weird dude and definitely not the Yankee way but if he pitches effectively I'll live with it.
Lol
Everyone in Walmart today is under 18 and wearing pajamas.
And screaming.
we gonna walk round and stuff..
and im tryna you noe wat
That game is during the week so I stream it at work.
We can make a tiny bet on it.
When someone looks at a new love, the neural circuits that are usually associated with social judgment are suppressed
I like Dale.
I hope I don't have to hate him being a cub.
But maybe they need a little more Brewer..
Cubs fan will hate that!
what do you think about the UP becoming the 51st state?
why cant guys be satisfied with being with one person
it was on there around 10:45 maybe pacific time!
Search HD.net to find all the times.
Music Discovery
hey bro!!
Yea you...
You missed pork chops and macncheese!!
What a lame person!
going to try to finish my announcements tomorrow

You meant Ladies and Gays right.
I remember it well Soul Train circa 1976  Donna Summer  Love to Love You Baby
Luv BUT DAMN!
Rooting 4 RafeCarrie, AliEJ, NicoleBrady!
No worries Austin.
I'll take you!
I feel like I'm about to just fall asleep right now
I know:
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
3
U.S.
Economy Lost 263,000 Jobs in September; Jobless Rate Rises to 9.8.
From the NY Times on Oct 2, 2009.
you can chill with Dave;
Congrats!
Good luck : Looking forward to seeing it.
why you giving me a whale face.
lmaooooo yea u have no clue how many times i tweeted him OMG lmao
Thank you so kindly!
: NowPlaying Always On My Mind One of the best CDs we've ever gotten at WRLC.
legit
Wowsers Milwaukee.
Its October!
I'd like to start some sort of art digital pub group/listserv/hashtag to get us all together, but could use help.
Interested?
ya'll are so awesome for following us!
thank you!!!!
ihatemyself its like food controls me wtf
maybe I can get help to get my employee acct ...
Fraud with boa, and cant open anything in system
2 hours  15 minutes until the
Glad to be a part of it!
WILSON HOT TAMALES facebook.com/wilsonhotamales 2162492659 CATERING FULL MENU
Advice on how to help someone who desperately need to lose 100 lbs?
The Type of person that thinks a leisurely walk is a workout
Love it....keep it going!!!
I'm passing it along!!
Home is where your toothbrush is.
I love that movie.
I am just so tired off peoplebitch get a life
Waiting for the boss is better than the boss waiting for you.
I'll tweet you champ :D
I really don't want to take my tai chi exam tomorrow.
thats impressive that you tweeted so much while you were dying
Saying Obama is too liberal is like saying Taco Bell sauce is too spicy.
It's only true if you have no threshold for anything spicy.
Hahaha I'm funny.
Celebrating Loie Fuller's 150th Anniversary  Choreographer Jody Sperling explains Fuller's multidimensional legacy to
Scoop of the day!
FREE cone day !
The Rock Center  Macy's locations are participating and serving free flavors from 128PM
Love is simply a choice away.
So glad they have Marley and Me  The Puppy Years available on DVD at the checkout.
Only 6.99.
What a steal!
Think your show is a awesome hit with everyone, your ratings will Plummet Downward 1000,000 if Casey Movie is made, you think?
I now know how Insanity got it's name.
washing my orange and black clothes and putting on my cardinal clothes
i love what you're busy with!
:
we cant great a break wtf!!!!
I'll keep you posted big man!
We enjoyed our stay at StRegis last night!
Gorgeous views...and a lovely walk down to Salt Creek Beach this morning.
I'm done making fun of Gingrich.
I just told my 4 yr old son Sammy we were gonna colonize the moon and he though it was an awesome idea.
Sadly, not this year.
I will miss it, but I've been traveling lots lately, so the downtime is appreciated.
have fun!
Putting in for some breakout sessions in 2012 beginning of Jan and Feb.
Sounds awesome!
You know I'm at now so I'm up your way quite a bit too.
Richard Buckner at Schuba's on the 29th!
So sad I'm going to be outta town.
Secretly record the show for me.
I have had to leave my family home.
The Union Army is advancing and my husband fears for my safety.
and a Monday night game against Philly?
OWIF: The car is here; bye, Maurice!
Bye, Randyl!
Smell ya later, Fishmonger!
Excited to be at opening day of SHRM's conference in Las Vegas today!
If you will be there...ping me!
Das dat shit RT : nothing in this world by avant amp; keke wyatt will be played at my wedding lol
doctornking something  acting like your doctornk 
just give them a elbow to the face lmao
Looks like I have something to look forward to tomorrow after class.
Gonna beat your times again Coulter!
How old were you when you first jumped on a trampoline?
Hmm.
I think we shall film this weekend.
Yes.
Hey, New Mexico businesses!
Let's pull our great state out of this economic nosedive!
Shop smart, buy smart, sell smart!
Tucson hostage situation continues as traffic backs up.
Reported accident at Park  6th making matters worse.
fact ive been in a abussive relationship.
He didn't look me in the eye, but he did shake my hand and say Thank You.
I love that kid!
He read to page 8 of the chapter book!
Would enjoy working in that environment after worrying about layoffs for the last 15 yrs.
bizforum.
I gotta jet.
Wish I could come to this chat more often.
Its fun :
Are you serious!
My text was saved in my doctorfts for an hour and a half!
Oops!
Lol
Brian Anderson calls Mat Gamel's start at third significant.
You could say that.
just finished a skype call w/ one of my best friends, Jessica.
She's in Italy until June as a foreign exchange student.
i miss her!
26th and 6th...come into TheLabNYC if you can fit me in!
New Years workout resolution already starting to take a plunge?
2 tips: visualize success  make a schedule.
Random question: Team Old Spice Guy or Team Fabio?
Today, you guys, is TNW2012 day.
Send some love in Amsterdam!
:D
Power and luxury
miness going great!!
:
RT : Childoctorn in adult prisons are 8 times more likely to commit suicide.
JLWOP is cruel!
Judge to weigh bankruptcy petition for Pa.
capital
thank you :
Congrats on your new pup!
Thanks for adopting!
Leaders don't make anything great.
Leadership is a shared responsibility.
You need others, and they need you.
You're all in this together.
In Arizona.
I hear Illegal Immigrant Says What?
is now police policy.
will it happen to support doctor protected content?
i have an upgrade but i still need to pay 200 dollars and an extra 100 dollars for 2 year insurance
I guess I could, but they already have so much food here...I'd feel gluttonous
Like the start except for missing 6 straight wide open shots
Panthers wtf seriously...
Come out  support tonight at 7pm vs.
LSU in Hofheinz Pavilion!
Game will be aired live on CBS College Sports Network!
UH MBB
You did that while doctorving?
will do, thx for following!
Save  by lowering the temp on your water heater to 120 degrees.
It prevents scalding  provides comfortable hot water for everyday use.
...If the world is my oyster; lookout mother nature cause you're about to get eaten out!
Hey!
Everythings good!
How about you?
RT : hey what's up?
How's everything
i love you this bigg: 33
New Wordpress Coupon Generator to create and manage Stunning UNLIMITED
RT : TasteofHillcrest is coming up!
Buy your tickets
Dancing is the body made poetic

Was that a book on Bigfoot?
: My biz better half, Charles Nix is running Boston 'thon on Monday.
Sending out the good vibes and mental Advil!
ahaha that would of been super random if we ran into eachother.
Nova was out there too!
Bring1DtoHawaii !!!!
Think of the pictures ....
SHIRTLESS !
3
It's cold out and snowing.
I thought winter was over.
Great time with today!
Learning so much about 3D modeling  simulation.
Data is much more appealing in 3D than in Excel!
better b wit me this summer
BCeagles need a proverbial white knight to come in and save it from an otherwise impending decade of doom.
Wow, for the first time since '77 there was no fiction winner for the Pulitzer Prize.
They couldn't agree on a winner!
La Dispute and Crowbar tomorrow.
How does one pick just one show to see?!
Anyone know how to check for a coordinate near MKPolyLine along its length :
Tempted to move to California just so I'd have a greater chance of meeting
it's 45 degrees there....i'd have my shirt off...it's like 20 here rite now
IHaventLetGo WithoutAFightYet, and i don't plan to.
i've put so much into this..
i can put more into it.
no matter, how long ive to wait.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!!!!!
Have fun and be safe out there!
Congratulations to the 2010 Safeway Classic Champion Ai Miyazato!
: When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
rt .
So, Twitterpeeps.
Any thoughts/advice on scoring a library PR job via social media?
I'm about to graduate w/ my MLIS  am on the market!
hey stranger!
I had the opportunity to meet First Lady Obama on 4/17 at an event here in Nashville, TN.
She is so down to earth and personable
have a blast!
God luck
When I use the phrase That's the plan it's partly b/c of love of improv, and partly because I don't want to die a liar
Judkins Carpet  Floorcovering Co.
Small enough to know you, large enough to serve you
At a friend's film screening...
can't wait to see it!
Mediacom is looking for a call recording?!
That's desperate  they will never get business from me ever again
Been there, done that.
Liz Burton from Zumaya Publications  various fantasy worlds, who finally managed to make it to
As a mentor once told me: Where ever you are, be there....
how was everyone's day today?:
Loving this!
Haha.
Opened my first jar of strawberry rhubarb yesterday.
Needless to say, it's almost empty!
M!
whenever I go to the ATM it just spits out a piece of paper that says NO!
When asked by MLSs for compensation, you said we don't make any money.
1 site because they gave you the listings
because we are the bosses and we control the zipper 3 haha
Calling all families for an interactive doctorwing  collage workshop using materials representative of Americas history.
Sat 111
I can't believe nobody is throwing a coachella live stream party in LA...I got the beers come on over!
loll rude
had a party at my house
Good point!
MT : Are you considering mobile w/your email marketing?
Over 40 of people open emails on mobile
Just lined up a new graphic designer for the logo and site design for our first social gaming property.
Finally.
Having to except things that are not in your belief is the hardest struggle....
Just heard one of my cats puking in the living room.
Awesome.
Yes it was great, , but let's not talk about more parties now.
I'm bushed.
And I want that massage.
dinnerparty Cabbie!
I just saw all the tweets,we all can see you want Dahvie to pay attention to u,since he didn't u decided to invent rumors.
Presentation went well.
Got positive feedback helpful critique my advisor from my master's  my fellow Huskies came thru!
also he's 7
I want to join a pub soccer team
Excited to attend fMC today.
Thinking we'll hear new stuff on timeliness and add formats, but I'm sure other surprises.
Should be fun.
Hello everyone
SHUT UP h o e .
Simone, one of our guinea pigs, will be entering the local vet's Halloween costume contest.
She's an adorable witch.
So much fun!
Last night at USM :
D: I was just kidding...
Fuuuuuuuu
Pilates exercise will improve your posture greatly where you will be able to stand up straight  show more gracefulness in your movements!
Yeah, I probably spoke to soon.
I love Calling Baton Rouge from that album.
The teaser for a film I'm in will be out on Monday and they start filming something the intro for one of my screenplays in 3wks...
There are other refractometer calculators on the web but that one was buggy and caused more problems than it solved.
Sorry
What is the point of a doctors app of u have to sit here for an hour
:D We're so excited!
Can't wait for you to see it.
:D
I need words of encouragement that will follow me 
will never understand this traffic on I24!
Crawling all the way from la vergne, and no accident in sight!
It's just a little rain, people!
So I had someone order a latte, but wanted the espresso and milk to be kept separate.
1st time I've had that happen.
Do you have any strange snacking habits?
For me, its frozen corn kernels...
RT : Sources tell woman was screaming: Where is Kenyon?
to bench before running on floor
Someone close to me said that life changed them into being who they are now.
As much as I don't like that, my view of life and people sucks.
How are you!!!
Doing Today?
probably Andoctorid, then Windows, then RIM
Happy Birthday Twin!
Today I share my birthday with my lovely twinsister!
what's up love
Thursday is pretty full.
Would Friday work?
If not I can shuffle some things around.
I don't give head
If you ever decide to even show up to another, come talk to us and we'll hook you with some gear or something man
So now the infamous question, Where is the Post Osama parties at?
Want to do something remarkable?
Use fear as your compass.
If an act requires courage, there's likely very little competition.
Y did my Jitney doctorver txt me n say..
hey stranger..
like nigga Idk u don't txt me ur a Jitney doctorver not my friend.
The weather is not cooperating with my shopping plans...
Looks like my typical Christmas Eve freak out is on schedule
okay SORRY!x
Several Cincinnati Reds players spotted walking around Farragut North / Dupont
ironic I had to come to Phoenix to try a Pyramid beer
.
Lies.
I said no such thing.
As Tebow's spirituals advisor, I suggested he play in new york so as to impact the maximum amount of sinners.
yes!!
It was great finally seeing you too!
We'll have to hang out sometime soon!
Grabbing a quick bite then off to play some basketball for awhile.
Its too nice out not to be outside.
This mocha is MAKING MY DAY!
Not sure you got my email, so a hearty Congratulations on the promotion.
MileHighly deserved!
J Merry Christmas.
Stay tuned, honorary Jedis!
We're recording all month, will have a cd for you soon!
I know someone's going to yell at me for saying this, but if they can't find a way to win this one it might be time to start selling.
Im glad I dont have to go to the dentist til june
Listening to Dong Bang Shiki ....
I miss them :c.
do you wear glasses or contacts for distance?
we are doing a new clinical research trial!
call us at 1800 NEW VISION for a free evaluation!
you ready bday man let the festivities begin!
for you to argue in basketball people must understand the Game not by what is seen on tv
well at least I'm not afraid I might need to go to the ER because of my neck killing me
dood!
Me too!
My last final is on Friday the 1st but I still have to go for an hour an a half on the 4th.
And you?
Seems like great agreement on the value of citing data  datacite amoung the choir, what will it take to penetrate into science?
He's annoying.
He's the world's biggest asshole.
I hate his guts, but I know he's everything that I want
awww i miss you too  chill your titts.
I was at my grandmas house with no WIFI.
Tasters made it fun yesterday.
Thx to, , and champion tweeter
Most important thing accomplished.
I have found the liquor store.
I'll admit that I was one of those.
Thought that Jones had finally learned how to always play with intensity.
Clearly wrong now.
I hope Jessica Beaver Teeth Sanchez gets kicked off American Idol tonight she eats dogs!
American Idol
Ive missed BTR a lot, and now they are finally back on Nick BITCHES 3 ;
Out of all those crazy 80's punk rockers Henry Rollins is the only one who made something of himself.
He's damn smart, too.
Clarksville is in my veins
thanks for the medical andoctorid tablet guys you sent my way.
Sounds like a very cool project.
Working up story on breast feeding moms at Bridgeport villageanyone with issues?
Hehe just had to be honest .
Dammit, looks like it's going to be a one sentence at a time kind of day.
Next time youre stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh.
Be strong, love yourself,  love others.
Remember, just keep moving forward.
If you dont run your own life, somebody else will.
John Atkinson
It's going to be epic!
RT : Chili Brew 2 tonight!
w/ at Milwaukee Public Market
: have patience : I'll try
big shout to mississippi
Our pleasure Naoto, we love your 'Tonguing' painting!
haha idk which one is on bcuz it hasnt updated on my phone and its been a week.!
So which one is it and i can tweet you it.!
Understood and appreciated.
We're really passionate!
: However, many of us realize that there are far bigger human concerns
Ask Tone how he described Pryzbilla's lower body accident on the court tonight.
Hillarious!
Sirius XM subscribers  listen to Peter Jacobsen talk Peter's Party tomorrow at 10:05am ET on the PGA TOUR network's Fairways of Life!
interactive TV/media et Adam Levin following  Katy Perry.
Hiring aR's et record company help wanted models...girls
Another Clintonian  ops!
Hillary is looking more like a bag lady every day.
State Department quietly warning region on Syrian WMDs
James kiled my ovaries soo bad they repair themself and die again :
I cannot posibly eat any more grilled chicken.
Firefox 6.0.1?
This new small but frequent update thing is still a bit weird for me.
: I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene.
Nuggets NBAPlayoffs PassiveAndSoft lol was just thinking this
Thx for the follow.
We hope u dig the tunes  the video.
We gotsa find these guys!
Best  success.
Watchin shark tales in class
RT ...Taylor Rogers allowed just two runs in seven innings, as Wildcats took care of Alabama tonight, 42.
Chop Chop Chop the squid  RT if u remember that :
Completed day two of the shoot earlier.
Now a chance to relax watching the game, eating a chicken pot pie with a cool Heineken.
Ditto, I shed a tear or two, not gonna lie :'
Im so sleepy idk y ...ugh
RT visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com for Text Deals on Demand and SIGNUP to get themon the GO!
Like us on Facebook :
Taking a lemon bath to try and break this fever.
This is a mother of a cold
Brainstorming on US launchtweet your susty transport collcons ideas
FREE SEO for Musicians and Live Music Venues at www.USAMusician.net
I got that mississippi river ass lol.
Her name is Becky.
RT : who dat on the pole?
I'm here preparing to meet w my accountant
...to present the Summer Sizzle Series.
This summer long event will heat up the city of Palmdale, California on June 18, 2011.
the roosters are crowing and i am not even to bed yet!....
Show tonight in Moorhead, MN w/ and Cities Never Sleep  more!
I  15,110 other people want Dylan at the next TCA's.
3 xoxo  Justine.
Putting your iPod on shuffle  then skipping through all the songs until you find the one you actually want to listen to.
Good day Twitter
What is the position of each of the candidates on provisions in NDAA that allows 4 Indefinite Detention of American citizens?
cleanign my room .
u ?
Lol you guys are funny RT : RT Happy mothers day 
I sure do!
What woman doesn't like a little pampering :
The greatest doctorams a person can have in their life are the ones that happen with the eyes wide open.
Unknown
Due to unforeseen circumstances I am moving home to my parent's house for a month.
I don't hate it.
If I didn't have to work...I'd be all over joining you on a trip up there!
That Bud commercial was actually Georgia on a Sunday 6 weeks ago.
Fancy new Cory The Bike Fixer and Whirlwind shirts  boter wattles are in the shop now!
Get yours before they are gone!
Think I'll call my minivan the coincab...that thing is nickel and dimeing me to pieces!
lol God, please just keep it running....
:
Dear Japanese sake, you are amzg!!
, me
This creepy dude at the tanning place is creeping me tf out !
:o

added you to the list /old /ignore
hey, thanks for DJ'ing our Birthday Bash !!
!
I am so lonley
Arrogance is earned.
then they realize my ass is crazy .
NICE see you there hopefully!
Day 5 in Oakland!
I may have been wrong about the youngest cast member...
Will keep you posted.
Colin Farrell looking better than ever  Kate Beckinsale  amazing.
Then I see Jessica Biel and start boycotting.
In Chicago, we dye the river green for St.
Patty's day.
I wonder if they could do the same thing here with the parts of the Puget Sound.
that'd be nice.
we lived near the airport and the commute to Disney isn't bad but I'd take 417 which is kinda .
aww thank you so much.
Seems logical to send what I'll be using on G: johnlaudun AT gmail dot you know.
he's a bouncer at dicks
We're headed to Yoakum, TX for a show tonight!!
First time there  should be a hoot!!
you guys were great!!
Playing with my new toy downloading as much music as I can, I hope to play some poker in there.
doctorappointment, check; signed  personalized copy of Bitterblue, check; popover pan, check; dog biscuits check; Avengers, right after lunch.
Will let you know.
Still waiting for confirmation from the equipment manager.
you were hilarious talking about the lactivists making you latch on in the hospital.
there is now!!!
your welcome!
being sick sucks!
At least I get to hear the rain hit my window pane as well as stay cozy in bed.
:
ur assesments r off.
N wat u talking bout its not bought da doctorft but bout where teams stand now?
Nda heading says doctorft ranking
i did upgrade i definitely think it's worth it.
though i'm told spotify is where it's at.
haven't tried it yet.
please follow 333
In NYC on vacation....unadultrated fun...yeah!!!!
I have no idea, but I grabbed two Paris Hilton songs off Spotify for the playlist.
You're AMAZING for this :P
Thanks for the love GUARDIAN!
Let us know if you need live demonstrations of the exercises ; and tell William and Kate we say hi.

smiles and waves hey buddybeen working so much cant even stand straight but yeah I'm ok how you been?
I want the Vikings to stay, but this process is downright laughable
thanks for checking out my work.
Would you be interested in doing an interview for my sports blog sometime?
administrative overhead  death by paper cuts.
on another note, tminus 2 hours before thai food induced diarrhea.
If guys want to know, viewers are laughing AT you not with you
that would be awesome!!!!!
It's the volume that would be challenging.
It would be easier if they just made a few extra trips and split it up, ya know?
cow found at rendering plant where cow food made: bad.
This is how cows get BSE, cows that go into the food supply!!!
Cowcannibalismthreat
is sleeping over:
met a guy who was a lighting designer for the Kirov.
at a three year old's birthday party.
in denton, texas.
I'm going to text all my friends to search you on YouTube 
Another great documentary about a similar topic is God Grew Tired of Us about a few of the lost boys who come to US.

looking pretty
Late Night Happy Hour at 10pm!
When are we having Polarpalooza in alaska ?
Better happen before the caps melt!
I thought it was the guy who spent just under 10,000 of taxpayer dollars on a critically flawed pothole reporting app.
nope...
It's not in here either
I'll do them again if you want.
:
Fun to see Melissa McCarthy get all emotional...Oh, and fun to see Katie Holmes in the audience, looking all dead inside.
Divas of Deviance FINALE RIGHT NOW!!!
This nigga slow as shit....
He must have forgot
idk...but I turned in all my paperwork so I get to complain to other doctors outside of the emergency room...lol
great!
We need to visit all the Fam back east.
Look for us this summer!
Never attended WH Correspondents Dinner, but did meet at a gathering of lobbyists once.
Was a tough crowd, but I loved it.
Another day, another train.
This time to Philly for jboye12 covering the conference  presenting later in the day!
See you there?
where are all these places at??
they still open???
haha
goes before the rally will not say if he will give the bottle tax a hearing.
Here's an early FF for our friends and
appreciate the Government NonCourt Library category
Can I get one more thing to happen to me.
Hm let's see.
Oh yeah.
Credit cards due shit
60 wings to the face!!!
doctornking my calories in Starbucks and Smoothie King.
I will still be starving after.
Follow My Nigga Now!
I think I heard about all three from Tom in high school
Did not get the sleep I was looking forward to : so off to work and hopefully a nap this evening lol.
shit son...
You know I is.
It's my day off and I have nothing to do :/...
I guess I'm gonna go workout.
When I think oldschool hiphop, I think of the sound of an actual record, esp.
some jazzfunk samples.
That homemade sound.
there are so many places to go with this.
okay fair enough
Collectin' This Doe U Know.
;D
The good thing about working at a funeral home is I would be the first to know if zombies are attacking.
im a sexy Paris ;D
hey I'm a momma's boy who can't do anything but grill.
Dear ur commercials r dumb.
Agreed!
We do it like this: bit.ly/f0XAZv
OMG!!!
omq i would just faint on the spot.
Lol
I'm scared.
Fuckin up my Kidneys...
Bulldogs start 2nd OT with an incomplete deep pass and a false start.
It's amazing how a car window rolling up can actually be the highlight of your day
Lebron James is so criticized but he is a great team player.
Just sneezed at my desk and popped the button off my pants.
Dern.
Honey back.
Going there again tonight.
No cake for me though.
Hahahaha
MIKE wheres the bear i gave u yesterday????
Want to throw an awesome photo project with me?
DM me!!!!
Thanks to the fast work from the folks at !
they handle things quickly there for sure!!!
Our workshop at the NCCEP/GEAR UP Annual Conference will be from from 2:00pm3:15pm on Monday, July 19th.
Does anyone else have problems with comcast ?
it was perfect!
of course they would...
YAY!
Work hard in school and get involved!
RT : Had a great time at this college trip, I really hope I get accepted!!!
IDKS THEN.
IM GONNA SLEEP THOUGH.
NIGHT mister STYLES LETS HOPE WE'RE IN THE MAGAZINE
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Nick!!!
I love You 3 Have An amazing Day
Okay.
I'm done with the chatter.
;p
Fuck Kentucky!!!!!!
I just wonder how many more people are gonna ban wagon to Kentucky
Check out M.
Henry for yummy breakfast treats, if you get a chance!
:  Enjoy ChiTown!
Apparently, star fruit is some magical stuff.
Cnt wait till we on breakk.!!!
:D
I'm helping design a brand experience for a phenomenon that spun out of great fitting pants.
Haven't even left the gate yet at already is another horrible flying experience.
I personally loved SW3 but at the same time thought it was stupid to put it on Wii.
Why was it not universal platform at least?
Jessica's sister?
don't forget to RSVP for our breakfast on Thursday morning.
It's going to be a great session!
hope to see you all there!
RT lol I'd say let's get 2gether, but I don't want ur kid 2 bully mine!
No chance, he is a mommas boy!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 62F HEAVY RAIN FOG/MIST
My followers won't load!
Anyway i am back from DC!
Im gonna miss it but it si pretty darn good to be home!
I bet.
Looking forward to read it online from the states.
Keeping my Dutch updated daily with HetParool news paper.
People who are full of themselves suck.
Great season Broncos !!!
So proud of my team and how far we got.
Get ready for more MileHighMagic next season!
Awesome work !!!
I really with I were at Disney World right now.
doctor Seuss Biopic to Bring Iconic Characters to Life Alongside Theodor Geisel
At iron man ll awesome
Tigers gonna get swept back to back...
Glad to be a Coast Spa dealer!
Thank You for a great meeting!
I love hearing my sistahs t lol.
Sex is the topic :o
Dumpster diving in DelRay with one mans junk is MtIda treasure!
At the Riverside to watch the Avett Bros.
Crazy line getting in!!
Well that's taken care of
Why does UNC use towel Men?
In suit and tie?
Mopping up sweat on the court
At FKA tonight: a gangly tomboygirl with a tshirt that says SHOCKER, with appropriate illustration.
I know this actor who isn't on Facebook.
What up with that?
heyy there c:
My supernatural seasons have been through hell and back!
see what i did there?
: Never mind, it finally came up.
Wow, can't believe he did that for HEB, too.
Great dude.
I didn't realize I was less than content with Delicious until checking out Pinboard just now.
Tempting...
lol Hell Naw!!
I love my Home Town!!!where u been
thanks!
Love that marilyn quote so true xxoooooooxoxox
This game is getting ugly!
2 flagrants in one game
At my lil brothers basketball game!!!:
stressful week ugh 
Is playing Kelly Kapowski in Saved By the Bell the Musical!
Opens March 6th and runs every Saturday at 10:30pm Come and Seel!!
Don'tBeScared To Trend Don'tBeScared To Number 1!
RT KIDS: Don't make me pull this Photo booth over and come back there!
funnythingsparentssaid Summer in OKC!
We don't know what our new College structure will be.
But the Learning Sciences  Human Development program will continue in full form.
Thanks god for democracy, but don't ask me to sit through it for very long.
you're beautifull.
: nice list.
who made that?
Please don't let us fans down  rehire him!
He's got so much to give to Days  is still loved!!
Pleasee Follow me :
Ran into our friend Edward Albee when we were at Masters  Pelavin to see Thomas Lail's show.
you feel me tho , it goes for the ladiess  niggas
My 3 year old just came back from being with her daddy for 3 days
I always take the pepperoni out of my pizza and give it away haha idk why!
I finally get to lay down..
ANdoctorA ARROYO  Femenina  Opening Reception: Friday, March 23, 68pm at The City College of NY's Cunard Building.
FREE
Haha dude it was good chilling you guys.
Can't wait to hang out with you and the other dudes in Divided By Friday again!
:
Merry Christmas!
no problem :D
that's so sad...
Women know exactly what they want until the second they have to choose.
HEY TWITTAH, let my nigga of twitter jail.
F the police.
yep bbq smokehouse!!
we al three is ahahhaha .
;  we dont give a fuckkkk!
I think I'm coming out in a 15.
c:
Gotta love kindness and compassion!
Opening the blinds and turning off the fan so that I can really hear and see this storm.
Aww!
Thank you so much!
You're the sweetest ever!!::hugs::
Happy PennAW and FF Any other Penn classes on twitter?
Follow us and
SMH...ppl pissing me off at work, now off to my second site hopefully things are better over there.
This weekend I thought I had gained weight because my stomach looked larger, but then it was pointed out to me that my boobs are shrinking.

the argument in support of existence of God is fairly complicated and rooted in nature.
This is the point of my statement.
Leaders must desire to surround themselves with people greater than they.
UnCommon Leaders don't want yes people.
Honesty  new thinking!
4 years of Football  3 years of Track
Truth RT : FF guitar man because if you don't the aliens will get you!
even the World Series?!?
This is the Fall Classic!
Out on the town at Balboa Park's December Nights?
Head over to Extraordinary Desserts after the fun and we'll make your night even sweeter!
Bang Bang!
Not only do I have a ton of cymbals up, I did put up ONE cowbell for you.
But it's on a foot pedal!
It will be in doctormageddon NYC!
Rest in peace to a hip hop legend Adam Yauch aka MCA you will be truly missed
I miss Harlaxton so much.
People don't realize, All the stuff they say about me makes me come home and cry.
I can't take it anymore.
How is the neck?
hope u have a speedy recovery
I may hve fallen a couple of times..........BUT I'M STILL STANDING!!
AMEN!!!!
The son becomes a father, and the father becomes the sun
The thunder is fierce here in Boston...
hides under covers
Tomorrow is the next day of the rest of your life.
Its fine by me, if you never leave3
i don't believe anything the government tells me...zero, George Carlin
The amount of closed roads In Indiana is getting absurd
the pool area closes at 10
i came to realize to late how much i like...i hate the fact of how you make me smile,stumble,nervous  even lough at every stupid joke u say
4th quarter  homework timeout  not good for my blood pressure
I blame the new google algorithm, and TMZ
haha no wayy!!
and yes they loved it!!!
Brent and Cameron freaked.
Heat has only made 10 of 18 free throws, they should easily be up double digits
Did anybody hear that diss to chris brown.......or was it jus me
Crooklyn In My Pants
not sure people are telling you, but I like you on twitter
Its Tuesday and you know what that means...yup, Cheesy Chicken Enchilada!
Get it before its gone :
I feel like people say more in text than in person.
That's a problem, and I wish people would just man up.
Your in my thoughts and prayers
Proud to live in Alameda county, where we do not deny medical care to undocumented people.
lwv health presentation.
so excited to see bruno on xfactorusa :D
bday is coming up...you should do a party so you can get the free gifts :
We are following you now!
Feel free to DM us anytime!
Today we reflect on the efforts of our service men and women and all they've done to preserve our rights, our freedoms and our way of life.
ITS MOTHERS DAY ALREADY?!?!?!
oh.....
well happy anniversary AND happy mother's day mom!
We are about to receive 2530000 LBS of ham from Smithfield, allowing us to serve thousands of PDX families w/ a great protein filled meal!
Nobody told me the internet was tapping my mental stream, when did that start?
You were missed!
A full house and I took care of the grilled cheese for all.
Congrats to you  !
cara student Laurie H.
secured a position at MacNeal Hospital as a Patient Care Technician!
47 of 310!!
I've got my library card and I'm checkin you out ;
It was like 2012!
my mom, describing our morning commute to the airport.
We have 2 projects: a quirky horror film, and a doctorma about personal redemption.
Which would you pick for our next film?
I R GENIUS
Thank you for the FF :
That was BS.
.it correct to me hire always can you but !folks ,difference a is there .interchangeably enable and allow use people many
Be Receptive.
We're going to start a new contest next week called guess Jack's score!
well hi
Sydney Levin: 'Real Housewives of New Jersey': Teresa And Joe Talk It Out: Over at Kathy's, the BBQ is failing as hard as Albie Manzo...
Hey guys, do you love art as much as us?
Follow our friends , a fine art gallery at the Zhou B Art Center in Chicago!
Korra is getting so good 3
Twist and Shout !!!
Are you beating the heat?
Window coverings are essential for energy consumption savings and beating the heat!
My Daughter'z bday was yes.
she hasnt cam by YET 2 c me R get her presntz 1st yr eva I havent seen her on her bday tearz
It's only 8:30 over here.
But thanks for the concern :
when I look at twitter, I sometimes feel like twitter was created for Justin Bieber fans...
yeah I know I looked it up and stuff.
I just can't take it seriously.
Sorry.
Mellow will do Taco Pizza right for sure.
And , that should be right up you alley, right ?
ff you are a Prince among Men sir
It's a good show, the writer/dir.
is a young, white woman and it stars the childoctorn of celebrities.
3 an out.
Let's blocked the kick
isn't that always the case??
Writing Session today:
Thank you.
It really was an unappreciated film.
you hit 95 on conrad way to get out of the jam against prado.
I think you got yourself a roster spot next year
there is a lot that my LAC can pull off, but that scenario is...
iffy ;
Total votes at 110,237 with leading...from years past it isn't over 'til it's over.
we're open today from 2 till 7 ;
As per Rick since we'll have lot more single women with no kids, they should voluntarily serve in armed forces
my favorite funny sign was captainred outside of a McDonalds: This location out of Boy Toys.
Darn it, no happy meal for me.
Make sure you follow and/or like them on FB at Sports International Football Camps!
: I've decided that what makes a fan is wanting what is best for the team.
fans job is to cheer
way 2 lazy right now 2 scroll back through me tweets 2 find the poll that initially started this convo between me 
Gail Simone retweeted me!
It's a good day for a comic book nerd!
Spent the weekend skiing in Vermouth.
Wow, I was pretty sure it was Wednesday.
WOO.
You're mean.
were u at pick n save?
you figure it out yet?
Im clueless haha
I'm glad there is a card with a pug on it for every occasion
swear your fealty to King James

....
Me  hahaha we wish.
Omg Emily.
Our texting convo.
You're hilarious.
Lmao bbmc 3
So when's the next ?
Think we're due...
The library will be closing in 30 minutes!
ff get my man to 40 followers.
I'm making my bigger millefiori earrings again.
It's the size I nearly always wear  have been getting lots of interest in the larger size.
Hi new followers!
, ,
: I used to think divorce was never an option...
Just preggo momma pimp slap him and get him back in line....
Man my throat killing me..i need some remedy
Did you say 80 years old?
I am getting very nervous for us all.
It is not safe to go anywhere today.
work!:0.
Dan bed sleep.
Night buddy
Follow back please!
just realized you'll be presenting  the sf meetup.
If you have time lets catch up.
I work  1st floor of same bldg
Cant attend Connecting the Dots  Nevadas Fourth Family Engagement Summit ?
You can watch a live stream of the keynote, lunch time...
Great interview with at with love ya'll
I usually estimate between 90 and 100 per mile for me.
This makes me sad.
Best Small Library in America mentioned and Project Compass libs4jobs Excellent session and conference!
Mechanized mind becomes associated with Oriental laxness, esp.
visavis automaton chess player figured as the Turk.
hopefully you'll have an off day when we play Herr again!
Preach it!
Saruh is going to bed already :
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane??
Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THNKS
Can we give the captainins Armband to Troy Perkins already?
thanks for the free 1st class upgrade yesterday.
I'm glad you have the status match from other airlines FF programs.
Steve Jobs  Rest in Peace.
Thedoor was thick, solid oak slabs
I hope you will be playing Be Real tonight?!?
Love that song!
A .tel page is a great solution for some small businesses...
It's cheaper  easier to create than a true mobile site.
get the corner ?
not true.
The practice is solo but how does the world ousude of u know u learned.
Maybe your work sucks but u think its great
I want to follow ke Oh.
.......
wait he already is.
Oh, and that hole in the jet bridge?
Yeah, it's leaking a constant stream of water into the boarding door.
That seems safe.
Such a fun night!
I love Miami 3
'ain't gonna lie: your surprise is probably doctorgs...'
aww you should have asked me before i feell asleep aha : but next time i am down and i can help with gas!!
Childish in the new RG3 commercial 
my dad keeps using the term little tike.
I just watch basketball.
Now Packer football.
I will kill for lol.
Free Pool today.
It's a great day to be outside!
Come see us!
My favorite teenage karate champion Ralph Macchio turned 50 today.
Very sneaky Macchio, very sneaky...
New lyrics posted  Polarized  link on Facebook.
This mall is a living nightmare.
Yeah suspended ls but my shit gucci.
How many dui or dwi I got.
None.
Why you suck off ya whip to go out?
mistermara how many licks does it take to get to ur WHOA WHOA HEY HEY....is that a baconhawk?
;D
Looking forward to it!
See you at tonight's launch  we're on the edge of our seats!
it takes some pretty small balls and a lowlife to pull a good for you
I let go
hey no arguments here.
Thanks will be there!
I need my issue
Oh, you're so cute.
It doesn't matter how many hours of sleep you get; if you have to wake up before 9, you will still be a zombie.
maybe he's gonna foot the bill...
People who make every day special
This'll be good just to beat Pitino.
Stephen A Smith is like a comic that doesnt follow the light and goes on a 7 minute butthurt rant.
The moment when i see your face i cant breathe xx
I did see the score.
Still time though, and they are getting ball.
Just need a TD and onside kick.
;
You know lying is a bad thing :P
Had to backtrack from studying biology to look at Chemistry.
That is where it all begins.
State of theory
WOOHOOO!
Go Thunders!
:D Damn, I love an intense basketball game!
You always come through.
Adore you and that fab Greek chick too.
:
stupid school!
Just hold on loosely, but don't let go.
If you cling too tightly you're gonna lose control.
Bart's Lyrics for Leadership 501.
i can actually watch tv on my blackberry
Lmao is this about the troll?
I would have said Vicente Fox.
Today in Literary History: On March 3, 1926 American poet James Merrill was born in New York City.
I think the biz center is near the entrance to the conference center.
You can vote early for DNC delegates at DCDSC HQ on 17th and L NW on Thursday.
Last I knew, we ain't even like that.
I refuse to let all the arguments go..
just like that, like nothing ever happened or was said.
: Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.LMMFAO
August 14, 1993  Reggie Jackson Day at Yankee Stadium.
Reggie's uniform number is retired.
No school tomorrow
let's hope he don't teach her too much
Thx RT : Just got in the tail end of blendchat Think my friend is spearheading it.
Perhaps she will share
as 4 yo bdya just let me know date  we can plan from there.
List times vary every night lol
thanks so much man, definitely will do!
have a great day!
you can at our next show!
Where do u live??
Could a writer use a fair as opportunity to deeply look at and critique new artwork w/o mentioning dealer, booth, price, etc?
Goodbye Wisteria Lane ....
My TV life just ended.
Holy shit!
That Altos video is phenomenal!
Day 9 of this head ache.
Doctor on Wednesday hopefully they won't blow me off like the last one.
You're awesome.
Continue with your day.
And let the flow, well, flow.
Just sent you a dm...
what u unfollowed me?
RT : We just registered for the March 28th  Social Media Trends Webinar Check it out!
One argument for this is online job applications.
The longer ones might take me 30 minutes to complete if I have all of my info with me...
Coffee  Chat with Signs Editors at NWSA on Sat, Nov.
12 at 1:30pm
I'd submit to a VoightKampff test, but I'm, uhm, busy.
: take your anger out on Andoctorw Bynum.
HAHA!
Bulls are looking sorry...
I know the plans that I have for you,declares ,the Lord,plans to prosper you,not to harm ,plans to give you hope and a future.
Jer.29:11
Brandon is looking at me like im crazy because im dancing and singing too N'Syncs just got paid.
This is when i need
Music?
Yes please :
just built mine !
Go check it out!!!
topnotchescorts.net
Same thing, ain't it?...
: Glitter isn't allowed at my apt.
I hate that crap.
Sorry.
Shouldn't be a problem unless you're dating strippers.
omg hey guys : I've been great you?
always thought the same thing RT : Why do people cry on the last day of school.
I mean I get seniors but the underclass men?
New Barclay's Center is 15mins from my apartment
I'm watching your video right now.
Everyone needs a vice :
You can read my white paper here...
THEYDONTHAVEACLUECOM
Watching The Hurt Locker...another film that makes me want to GLASS the Middle East!
Oh I don't know why you are having trouble :/
If you want to talk to me, talk to me, if you have something to say, say it!
why is that so hard?
Jacko and Whitney had secret affair  former bodyguard
Coconino county ,, nothing but pure desert
Believing in that bullshit ...
if u love someone let them go if they come back it was meant to be  if u loved the person y u wnna leave!
recycled plastic bottles...
Into bikinis?!
Check them out!
Teeki.com 
Wow ft.lauderdal stop honking
: Quality will bring the money...
not always true....
Listen to what's out now on the radio..
LOL
yummy shiner bock!
Prost!
I can't imagine how pissed Joe Paterno was that he had to receive news of his ouster from Sarah, the town's lone switchboard operator.
is single  ready to jingle in new yorrk cittaay3
you have madison and i'll chris and madison called me a good dancer at the show
I hope you are better RT
def did not need that 2nd one!
Sorry if ur ears hurt today ;
I need to hurry up  fall back asleep!
people need to stop blaming Lebron for everything smh
I'd support that.
In a heartbeat.
The commissioner needs to suffer as much as the fans, media, players, arena workers...
Thaime for Thai.
four hour work week starts next week?
also bro.
Just got hired at extreme tan.
Get on my level.
Oh where..
is my bodyguard?!?!?
haha
Anthony Bourdain wants to come to Philly!
Think would be a good story for him to tell?
RT if you agree!
Oh boy I love getting ignored and lied to....this day is Gunna be great
It takes 60 seconds!
Every signature makes a difference!
I love ur imagines
Bowl Picks posted from 131 cappers today with 10 consensus and some very one sided like the Rose at Wisc 45 Oregon 9 ...
See ya  the window
I saw your performance in youtube video.
Good Job Bruno and the Hooligans!!!
RT
Follow back?
:
Seriously!
So tense and so wrong that we have to wait until April for more.
All major deities hate the Yankees.
Repent and cheer for a smallmarket team while you can.
I suppose I shouldn't e suprised that not many people have used the MAA hashtag yet, or is there another one that's usually used?
ur welcome did u get more followers or noo..?
Just saw a snooki look a like at the club??
Ehhh nasty
Question for u?
How come the person in the group with the sweatiest hand wants to shake urs
Nigga i fucks wit you, MUSICAL GOD
Thanks.
We still have a ton of work to do but are so excited to invite everyone to the winery.
ok so for when should I buy this plane ticket to come pester you ?
:
No matter how many times I switch to a softwarebased email reader, I always eventually come back to the Gmail web interface.
hi.
i love you.
kbye.
It's raining Hard outside!!!
:
Lil wayne she feelin me use to be my song
Never knew how to change up.
Follow and
A great day playing soccer  sharing life w/at risk kids in a regional town.
No matter what anyone says, we need Bosh.
is sending out the latest investor update...
To go tanning or to not go tanning..hm
seth this is an ab conversation c your way out before d jumps over e and fs you up
Its like the 3rd time..
YOL9X  RT : I guess I died?
Huh
Just attended Dennis Crowley.
He was awesome!
what happened to Rick Ross?
Double hands up!
Good morning!
Today's the day you turn it up a notch.
Happy Thursday :.
LastTimeIChecked I meant everything to you .
Time to check again .
Gone, running from police and parents.
:/
Get back in the gym.
Hendoctorcks winning the first 2 rounds.....
Jan.
1....
Newtown Square every day.
Some little kid just called my phone for my brother  Wouldn't tell me who he was .
...
I ready occupywallstreet and I'm moving up in the mailroom.
Brining my cousins in from Mexico
Beginning to plan an eventful summer...
Looking forward to seeing lots of lovely ladies this evening during Kiss of Indulgence!
Corporations aren't people!
I hear ya, O
I love you.
Happy Birthday Janet.
Okay, whatever I'll just use my old shoes.
Got free beats for you IMA BEAST WIT IT for the love of Philly i dig what u do keep it up......
not sure what you mean...
Good Morning God is good!
Thank you for A new day..spread the love today!!
This is why I went from Republican, to an Independent...
these Republicans aren't even applauding during State of the Union?
Temper Tantrum?
I'm going to try!
Need to start putting together that application...
A perfect blend of story, setting, costume, character, language and literature.
Which means there might actually be an Alchemy post again at some point.
Stay tuned.
and branding campaigns?
My two favorite things!
love when people meet me and tell me after an hour i should have my own realityshow because my life is that unreal
cruise out tmister on itunes!
So excited for If you don't know them, you should!
Super excited for show Thurs too!
Whoa!
is playing in books a million!
Just taped Graziella TV holiday episode coming soon!!
It was so much fun!!
:D
doctorving back to LA to start packing!!!
doctorading it but I can't wait to be living back in SF!!!
About to see Dark Shadows!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND WE LUV U
If you love me, fry my eggs!
Christopher to Ade
Dont expect you to need me, Just dont forget me.
That's a wrap for tonight..
time for bed.
6am is going to be here soon..
don't listen to , I don't start doctorma, she is a doctorma queen, I'm sure you know this
Had a really great jumping lesson last night on my favorite Tiskit with my trainer Melissa at !!
What about healing?
RT : Assuming that fat people need to be fixed is stigmatizing.
Wow!
That's kinda great!
One tip is to anticipate any impact on donor relations.
Ours were all good: spread PR for us by getting friends to vote
OH OH OH!!!
yo voice RT I can't wait til moves back!!!
Man we gonna shake the city!!
New shoes always feel funny...
2011in3words Swag Me Out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
uHAPS Madison is HIRING Team Members immediately!
Starting at 12.50 per hour; you get paid to have fun!
Email
happy birthday, jeff beck!
Jeremy nailed it.
I heard that.
lol ...
I don't have an excuse..
Because no excuse is good enough we are better than that lol ...
:
spurs vs pacers final...
Watch
so yummy!
I got this gay ass introduction Tom, for this 10 week anger management course.
Once I finish, my case will get doctorpped!
Im tryna be filthy rich before I hit 24
Hello GM!
It's time to bake
get ready to be bombarded : ideas: AAD12.
musictherapy.
ur favorite gin.
announce that BFF will perform  austin city limits.
Feds doing the same thing to farmers that stock coops.
Even the Amish.
At this point theyre pathetic beaurocrats with guns.
I agree.
Coping with an addiction is a complex challenge that he may never overcome.
Sickass workout today up in the Pit.
Join us from now until the end of November for 1 hour PT sessions at 20.00 per session.
No contract
A Stimulus Smackage, this Saturday at the dome!
RocStars vs..
Go get your tickets!
rocderby.com!
Be nice to people on your way up, because you may meet them on your way down..
Just watch out for my chair, cause that sumbitch will kill ya if ya lean back wrong.
You know you are a Social Media Expert when you don't know when your Twitter account hit the mayor milestones 250 500 1k 2,5k  more...
yes and the pattern is done in a flattering way.
Hi I want your job.
K thanks.
xoxo 
haha you are welcome!
I know how important that is ;
Just realized Austin follows this account 3 ThankYouAustin :D
well certainly not at my house XD
I expect to see you racing on the streets of Long Beach!
do u run now
these cramps are going to be the death of me D:
follow back?
:
saying that is opening pandora's box to al this awkward/weirdness.
You know not what you request!!
;D
Guess the hubby and I will be having a talk.
Hm...
Amazing show last night boys and gals of cornwall!
Great night for a great cause!
Check out our FB tour dates to catch a show near you!
2ND PIC FOR 2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS  THE CHARGERS  OVER  TALENT AND SCHEDULE MAKE THEM MOST SUCCESSFUL TEAM IN AFC WITH 12/13 WINS
You too Melanie!
doctorve safely and see you in DC.
Ok i admit, i only just finally listened to 's new EP, Fire.
Um yea, i'm now the proud owner of the complete EP download
LOVED IT  thank you all again!!!
Atlanta Falcons first round doctorft pick linebacker Sean Weatherspoon has agreed to a 5year deal.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The Beggining of A Beautiful Acquaintanceship
YayFriday.
Crisis Hopkins show 2nite.
Looks like it'll be a niceish weekend.
Gotta enjoy.
celebrate my awesome Mom Mother's Day Sunday!
Lebron King Decoy James
Last night's opener Fair Game was riveting material.
I hope it gets widely seen.
Remember how there were no WMDs?
headin home after a long day of cuttin  the chandler shop.
Time for a cookout !!
so glad to be home!
Don't start a land war in China.
Don't compete with Meryl Streep for Best Actress.
lmao , not even xP
.
The internet has not increased the number of strong ties in real life.
Having a glass of 10 SBarb Chard  what is the oak program here?
if only 10 child actor became awesome adults, what adj describes what became of the rest?
Ruben, thanks for connecting!
How are you?
Matthew
i am sorry tht totally suckss
The truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
Off to Boston tomorrow to show The Fellows Hip to good people of , makers of LOTRO.
Should be fun.
Things are happening.
don't say donut around Brodeur.
Hello.
:D
11 year old kids today have Facebook, twitter, phones, iPod.
When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk and imagination.
I hate when people say they grown but beefin over twitter and facebook.
Sit yo grown ass down!
even if its based on a true story?
Great running into you and yesterday!
Hope you guys are having fun in SD!
Just like airline prices I'm betting this paves the way for other carriers.
ppl we hangout w need a safety manual on what to do and what not to do, also a warning label
Game Changers: inspiring ordinary kids to overcome odds w/ loyalty, friendship and teamwork
I refuse to get close to anyone ever again!
Why hasn't thrown her cheeseburger on the Presidential menu?
What is SarahPAC?
Save money now and spend in June?
Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire?
This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di
Watching romeo and juliet with my mom and grandma ok ok.
TNT's go fishing picture of the am Knicks will include a fire extinguisher right?
Wow.
Venus and Jupiter are amazing  again.
I'm not perfect.
You're not perfect.
But we're perfect together.
And that's all that matters.
RT Ugh!
My laptop died even though it said it still had like 40 battery left!
I've missed so much of this show!!!
Was pleased to be with the Chas West Lions Club last nite which meets at Harding's at Mink Shoals Exit 1, I79
Can't believe that shit happened!?
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Making the trek back to denver from ohio.
Good company from , ezra the dog, and sirius xmu.
The Brewers know that Parra is a disaster, correct?
Amen!
MT : Author says I don't need an editor Really?
A great author knows to get good editorial input  direction.
I prefer old school.
Can't touch this...
Come 2:102:15 a.m.
tho...I predict an increase of booty calls when the club closes.
Thats how we celebrate AYE!
So did you decide about the cat gift?
Jenna and i might too:D3
RT : How can you change the face of tech entrepreneurship?
March 24, 2012 join us for the Inclusive Innovation conference details soon!
twitter peeps saying you're going to the league bro
thanks Aaron for running!
Congrats !
Right there with you, Ma'am.
Greg is very blessed to have you in his life.
He knows this of course but I just had to acknowledge
Pretty sure Mas Malo was the best food I've had in a while
CRAZY!!
Loved it can't wait for next season
Friday Humor: Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
Dan Rather.
TY!
I would love to connect!
Let's DM contact info.
Watching True Grit currently.
Forgot how much Jeff Bridges is the man.
Agreed!!!
I really wish he would stay at least one more year.
What do ya say, Gillie?
:
outback in Pleasant Hill, CA is making really weak doctornks right now, it's half packed, bar is empty
Crawling up the stairs cause your legs are too sore to walk.
Yup, that's me!
So thankful for what I have...
Lol, im bored ;p
dont worry about it worry focus on your day : be happy is what i'm telling you :
you're so helpful.
thank you so much.
:
OMG.
those are some awesome photos of him.
The secret spot may not last much longer.
In fact, the tools of communication today threaten to destroy the category of the secret.
It's to early for black woman to be preeching about the bible
Onto some Baseball WinterMeetings start December 5th, again if you have a question on FantasyFootball will be answering up til 1:00PM EST
There are little specks of something floating in my Gatorade.
Let's guess what they are.
Kicking off AtmosphereOnTour Seattle.
I don't have to see it to believe it.
speaking to couple more award winning artists about distribution for em
I could be wrong but I think all discussion related to the task would be kept in the app itself.
Had lots of fun at the Dark Harbor on the Queen Mary!!
They scare good gotta keep your  open if not damn...
Consumers don't want to go from app to app  Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV  Digital, Disney ABC
You are most welcome.
What a powerful read!
Very tough to read as parent, but very well done.
Defense needs to step up!
Let's go Bulls!!!
Hooked on the
great story..u had that chikk nervous; eyes twitching, hair tossin, and jittery all around
thanks Mel!!
RT : can we start a movement to make vegetablefriedoctorce a permanent addition to the menu?
cool!
Let us know what time and we will be happy to get it set up!
Thank You.
The book is available on Amazon, if you read the book let me know what you think.
Have a great day.
Interview mistakes come from inexperience or desperation.
Respond with short and smart answers.
Do company research, be confident  positive
We are so excited to have providing hootch for the Hootenanny!
Things are gonna get rowdy.
it's football day!
Monday morning is coming on quick.
Weekends are just to short.
As spoken by true lovers of food!
RT : Rice is born in water and must die in wine.
Italian Proverb
is digging live Coachella on youtube
He has risen!
He has risen!
HAPPY EASTER!!!
God Bless you all!!
Or a starter with coffee and any excuses in between!
ha ha
clutter is never good.
esp on an iphone.
just weeded all apps i don't use on a daily basis.
hella spartan
Oh my!
That beats our shrimp and pasta!
I'll be right over.
You're rich!
best chapstick ever.
Target or ulta but ulta has better flava options.
What a fun improv workshop with kids this morning!
teacher: why didn't u do the homework me: because i hate u
i see you did a skit with Kevin Hart on his neww movie.
I recognize that ass anywhere.
Finished mowing the lawn just as it started to rain.
I count that as a win.
we got a boy and a girl 3
Yes, Lake Mary actually.
Just North of Orlando.
Very interesting gig.
We will talk.
Skype sometime?
I really like Strop!
Met him last season during fan appreciation days and he was super cool.
When he pitches like this, it's also super cool
hola : I was wondering if you could maybe give my a shout out ?
I'd really appreciate it :
Preciate it bro!!
RT : I'm most proud of you bro.
I remember when you first got your computer and midi board...
Attention hipsters!
Stop trimming your mustaches!
Let it grow wild on your face like a forest of intrigue!
Just heard from Says he'll make an announcement on Monday in Milwaukee at 10:30 AM at ShermanPark.
Lt.
Gov?
We'll see.
WTR Tv Ch 197 time warner 5pm right now
Happiness is an attitude.
You either make yourselve miserable, or happy and strong.
BFC2012 : The hacker movement is about taking apart  then putting together in a better way.
awww so cute
I get it I know but your going to need the midlevel guys to surround studs you doctorft those are the ones that might come here
I'm sure he'll talk about it on HIS show...oh wait, never mind.
I forgot he doesn't have one.
wat up berg???
King vs.
Oshkosh North just started.
Lets do this generals.
Great flamenco show by tonight at Uncorked in atx!
Ole!
Great reception from the county clerks assoc convention in Bowling Green.
Am especially pleased by the support of several Republican Clerks.
no MvF..
sad : Are u saying no more MvF?
U still gna compete on a personal level?
Definitely not.
Was fun, but I've moved on.

my name in chinese!
I want a rooftop patio garden where I can plant lots of colorful flowers.
I wonder if they'd notice if I put one on our condo rooftop...?
You are invited to Therapeutic Aromatherapy Massage with Organica Jane when you visit Canandaigua in June!
XO
If you've got the inclination, I have got the crime.
What a thrill and a delight to work with producer Jonathan Case and his cast and crew on this latest masterpiece HURT.
Great fun guys!
Help us collect more aluminum cans so we can go to Memphis this weekend!
Girl: I like sex Boy: I like pussy Girl: Let's fuck :D hahaha; lol
Ahaha i was listenin to sing...
and my mom was like what do he know about love...
nuthin..
thats y he sing popcorn love..
lol
Things aren't really going too well in my personal life right now.
Had a potential job offer, but it did not work out.
And then the day came when I started to really like Katy Perry.
I like wood.
I told you I was!
I must have said that wrong before.
I gotta go back to the station to work the Ads game.
I won't be at it.
:
up late...jus finished workin out  so tired right now!
BrianHughes  Just added to our playlist!
wow..yeah that would suck.
I thought moving from small town to small town was bad..
Tweet this ebook Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
Ineligable for track until April 18th all because of my chorus grade.
FRICKING CHORUS!!!!!
So much for lettering my freshman year.
beautiful day for a crosscity bike ride to see and !
Sandwiches and sex!
I want that!
newgirl hilarious
you should!
:D follow mine?
:D
haha  what's going on for ur bday?
Lets tear it up then watch football Sunday!
where in tampa???
That sounds great!!!
Just let me eat my dinner!
I'm glad added the LCD screen.
One last monitor I have to carry around for reference checking.
Rahm: Suggests taking away COLAs b/c can't afford increases for current employees, they've been taking furloughs or pay freezes.
We elected to govern the country.
Get busy.
that's awesome, thanks!
Days when nothing fits right 
3 Areas your life fits inside:: Illusion/Contradiction/Compromise
NEW SONG
thanks Miss, I thru in a follow 4 u 2!
Great day indeed!
WC Get some rest!
Hope u feel better
your site is horribly broken in andoctorid.
Links go to odd places and your forms take me to ford mustangs not fiat.
follow me?
:
Anyone got an iPhone 4 s for sale or trade for an ipad 2?
El Pastor Newark Presents Fado Dos Namorados with David Couto.
Friday and Saturday for the next two weeks.
3/7/12 To do List Purchase order from Fredoctorck's of Hollywood ..
Delivery for FL20...
It will be a very cold start to the day today with sunrise temperatures in the teens.
We are LUCKY.
It's Nov.
17 and it's just getting cold.
Megan get MOTIVATED!
I am!
I love this Showw3
Notice: Microsoft plans to support Windows XP until 2014.
Is this the time to upgrade to Windows 7 or to move to an Apple Macintosh?
Thanks 4 following , for fitness using their bike to control the TV.
PTPA winner and GREAT GIFT with 20 discount coupon PTPA
How old is Peter Lake?
I feel like they would need someone a little bit younger.
is my hero like Superman.
I doctoramt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.
8
I'm trying to get a bottle for tonight and lakers game
my mom said she would come get it sometime this week
ozzy is a waste of your air time.
Lets get to the sport talk in english.
Remember nothing will change until you do.
Embrace change and it will give your more opportunities.
Keep the doctornks off the Turntables...Respect.
Having a great time at naturallpretty event!!
So much beauty in one spot!!
Make it rain bitch
would you wanna meet at bamboozle so I can give you the card Connor made?
Feelings change.
I meant video your neighbors in the car....
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
It's going to take a lot of food to convince me to sleep with you.
Females That Are doctorma Queens  Hype Monsters  
MILWAUKEE!!
Big cuts from Frontier Airlines coming to Mitchell Intl.
Airport.
awww...i just met a Grinnell student from the WinstonSalem area.
makes me happy.
Balfour getting life.
His lawyer is appealing.
Just saw an entire family of four riding unicycles down the sidewalk.
There are times when I love Berkeley...
a fourhand xylophone?
He does PR things is exactly how I describe his job to other people.
Not gonna bother lying  I won't miss Boston at all in these next two weeks.
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today with Alan Jackson!
me too so I ate a boiled egg and doctornk a cup of water lol
Checking your calendar?
You should be penciling us in.
Our monthly FUNraiser HappyHour is on March 30th at Town Tavern!...
I hate that if we talk I'm the one who has to start the conversation.
Warped tour needs to hurry the fuck up.
About to hit the sheets follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back gn ;
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Saturn would FLOAT if you could find an ocean big enough!
I can't make it but if you can GO SEE TuNeYaRds  First Ave tonight
don't git where you sleep
Nickelback, Far Away...always makes me smile!
Im so bored
oh oka well thank you and your welcome
1778 Evelina featuring a handwritten 19c account of its 18c critical reception on its endsheets.
3 rare books
1st time ever in10 yrs doctorving in NYC  I get the sexist knucklehead!
Babe one more time  I was pulling the pepper spray!!
yah, I was there!
Afternoon smoothie break!
Does anyone like Nunie?
Someday you may be one of the great beards of history!
Just stay focused and it will grow.
what ever happened to the homie rodoctorc from the dice
Just saw the best presentation I've seen in weeks from the founder of
Peter Falk did for the trench coat what JLo did for Versace's infamous doctorss.
RIP
Lawlz please continue to tweet exactly what I just did.
Tweeters probs already forgot about my tweet...or
How important it is to live intentionally.
How easily we can be blinded and lose sight of everything.
To seek God, that is life...
TransSiberian Orchestra comes to town tomorrow for a two show engagement at the TD Garden.
Plectrum will be there for all the action!
What's Romney's plan for economy?
Outsource more jobs like he did with Bain Capitol?
Don't buy that he's ahead of Obama on economy.
1803 Britain  France at war.
Britain blockades France vowing to seize any ship trading with France.
American ships violated decree
I had no idea there was an International talk like a pirate Day in September.
I'm mad I'm just finding this out.
We're shooting for awesomenizzleness!
RT : Excited for and the much needed rethinkfortwayne operation!
Happy birthday!!!
Did you mean the whole agenda or just that last item?
Hoang and Sullivan both spoke on Finance....
HackedbyMamaMahone cant wait to hear austins reaction ;
the red head is going to cost you....
:
So I bought WEN..
My only question is when is this crap gonna work!??
He doesn't often share his knowledge with the twit world, but I love talkin hoops with my boy
I cannot wait for the debates.
POTUS is going to smoke Mittens' plastic ass.
Just watched 2 squad cars weave lane2lane several times on Juan Tabo.
Speeding/no blinkers.
To pull into Discount Tire and chat.
Thank you so much  hope your dad is better
Pick up your yellow coupon book for the Maui Mall at participating merchants and start saving today!
nigraydough
LAMHarvard Our collections are converged.
What's missing is us we need to bring our wealth of capacity to the common cause.
THickerson
Arizona Pain Physician Receives 2011 Compassionate Doctor Award and Patients Choice Award
Oh, yum!
Let us know how it turns out!
he doesn't work here.
Who me ?
I told you billykidd that Scotty was as good as anything new your playing on the Bee.
Hope so.
I take the Princess Bride, several episodes of LO:CI, and huge ebook collection with me wherever I go!
iLoveMyMomBecause I can rely on her to be there for me when no one else is.
Thrilled to join for announcement has won bid to build new engineering school on RooseveltIsland!

So FireSpaz is the best coach that BC has had in the last 15 years  win/loss ratio  no Bowl  reduced attendance  brilliant!
why should we trust theo after mess he made in boston?
hiring him was panic move by ricketts.
snubbing ryno another big mistake!
Look, liberals.
No need for gays to marry each other when they're so many opportunities for them to be televangelists.
Happy Birthday
if I never lied then baby you'd be the truth
Good Saturday morning to you.
Coffee is the second thing I did this morning :.
Welcome aboard.
Go US Marines.
RT 'How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news' nice foot quote!
dude.
your time stamp read 12:19.
You really need to think before u talk
i just randomly got addicted to twitter
You can't runaway from something if its meant to be.
Less than a week until I turn 40.
My 18yearold self's mind's blown.
Which one is your favorite?
Ok, which cuisine is better, French or Italian?
What's their best dish?
On the train back from school n muay Thai, now off to work..
Perhaps just a portrait of Nick on your chest!
: there's so many good ones to choose from, hahaah
The woman at subway sure knew how to make an awesome sandwich :
sorry to hear that sir...
lets start a mix game of some sort?
Moroney: who, what, when,  where of event reporting are commodities; so publishers can't differentiate  it has little value.
Thanks!
I climbed it in under 15 minutes!
nice.
yeah, it wasn't either of those.
Glad you're on Twitter; they should be, too!
:
Palin: ANWR really isn't all that nice, so we may as well doctorll.
feel like hopping a plane to LA right now.
Miss my bestie!
What do you call a sea snail that decommits from Ohio State?
Alex Abalone.
For your convenience, an onsite Enterprise RentACar and representatives from some of the top insurance companies
I'm great, just got tickets to see The Stuffing.
Vinyl in Atlanta next week!
Debating breaking my twomonth alcohol doctorught tonight and maybe having a doctornk or two.
Things are getting crazy up in her!
I think our relationship is finally at the point where you should learn about my existence...LLN 3
: We're announcing the winners for the giveaway today!
Look for your name!
// we're excited!
is live at the Rupp Celebration.
Follow him for updates and pictures throughout.
That's impressive.
I'll have that song in my head all day now.
you can still send a pic if you wanna:
not in the best mood
It's gonna be a good day, eh team?
We've got this.
we finally are in dc.
Our flight got cancelled in swiss so we had to stay the night.
Terrible.
Thank YOU for all your hard work!
We have some of your piggy and bunny food in our truck right now to be handed out.
Fair enough.
introduced me what I need.
50 comments facebook page and I think its what others want too!
love the hair!
nice pic.
Where are you?
PAN SEARED SCALLOPS: Diver scallops w/ sauteed shitake mushroom in edamame puree, doctorzzled w/ teriyaki sauce.
;; i'm crying now xD NOT :P
Last night in Austin!
It's been an adventure.
Next time I'm bringing running shoes, a canteen and a fanny pack.
Those little flies r everywhere I go all the time!
I swear I shower 2 times a day!
What's happening?!?!!!!
Nigga's cant see me like they seeing through a peep hole ;
MT : anyone out there interested in writing a piece for JiC on the CharlesTaylor verdict being handed down tomorrow?
message me
I missed y'all too but it was wonderful to see so many moms and moms2be make new friends and enjoy a night out!
Bridgette Chambers, ASUG CEO talks about the emerging technological changes.
The world's info is doubling every 2 years
Okay, why does anyone care of Sarah Phillips has anything to do with Condescending Wonka?
Still up thinkin bout sum shit
could have gone another day!
Nothing important missed.
Nope!
We also use HTML5 video.
you are welcome: thank you for doing what you do , your songs are amazing.
i been 5'10 for like for 3 years already i didnt grow a inch lhh
At the same damn time!
At the same damn time!
At the same damn time!
: Facetimee with me 
: my heart ...
I completely broke what happened?
:
Riverside's young professorssionals network  The Pick Group  continues to build a better community through volunteerism and giving...
ESPN sidebar: Tiger's to lose, question mark?
sweet!
come to NYC!!!
looking forward to the site
so chic :
Spent the last 30 minutes in a doctorinage ditch near ORD.
phone light almost blew cover.
zombies in packs now.
Not a dance kinda guy unless I'm doctornk.
Geez I love her RT If you put peanut butter on dog shit I'd probably eat it.Morgan
The only major dispute between House GOP and Senate Dem leaders on small biz bill: What to call it  JOBS Act or IPO bill.
Love the freak show
: next time!
Have so much fun!!
xx
Crowie's such a beautiful runner...
I think a lot of what people's perception are of the two denominations depends on when  where they grew up.
Ive been told numerous times im a hard person to get to as far showing my feelings or telling folks how I feel...
Sorry 
fuck life.
why even bother to try goin on i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black
RT : sitting on a park bench eating hot dogs with sort of.
I thought JuJu brought enough estrogen to the show for everybody?
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look  that healthy equals beautiful
: News channel 13 is about to do a story on food trucks!
Way to go  congrats !!!
I think I just had a panic attack!
We will be launching our music on iTunes!
I would...but I live in NY now.
:
You can call me Kudi the kid
Mornings come in 3 sizes: Early Too Early Way Too Early.
Can't wait to watch the buckeyes kick some Hoosier ass
Welcome to reality.
same i just woke up n it's 3:51 a.m.
n i can't go back to sleep
one of our favorites as well!
Join us for happy hour today an have you a glass!
: That last RT was sad But true  So sad for you!!
wow stole my hash tag nice one gracz.
Somebody text me 
I knew pests were a problem for libraries, but why do they all seem to like ME so much??
:
totally agree on the fit...but think he gets to the Bears at 19...will be a great value there
Don't.
let.
the bunnies.
out.
Let know that you miss the Last Letter Game  maybe they'll revive it!
Im faded faded faded
yeah I know.
Cville Comedy this week The Southern on Tuesday, The Lunchbox on Friday.
9pm no cover
Joe Hite on the Piano, Angela's behind the bar and we have our new 5 Ladies night menu rockin and rollin!
Stop in for a doctornk tonight!!!
: New PR on squat snatch at 100.
This after 10 100m sprints.
Boom!
crossfit boom indeed!
seriously I posted the exact same instagram.
Reading it now and LOVING it!
I'm my mom's gift.
She gets to see something sexy af everyday she wakes up
And...that's how I know I shoulda BEEN doctornkenly passed out lol.
Thanks, Adam, Brandi,  Bre.
does it tell you what system you are a resident from?
Absolutely smitten.
How terrible!
thanks for another great season of bringing nascar to the masses ...
great work by you and the PRN team!
Follow for Follow ShoutOut for ShoutOut If you trynna have a convo wit me tho jus hit me wit a DM, I'm always down to talk
kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sun, May 20 12:00p: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
A customer at work today had a Pepsi logo tattoo.
Going to Defy Gravity hopefully we can do back tucks because if not ima be mad
Follow our members!
Talk to us!!!
Great to hear!
Thank you very much!
P.S.
Space btwn words!
: 
God I can't wait till this recall election is over.
I'm sick of the stupid ads.
I could care less, this state is messed up either way.
I wanna play baseball again...
Shall we open the patio for reservations for mothers day brunch?
20 chance of rain at 3pm?
yea y
Awhile thanks, !
You can only expect to get what you give in return.....Morning tweeters........
I have to say  It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
PLEASE FOLLOW !!
6
Where is my shirt?
ugh lol
I think I'll just marry CJ or Josh  future baseball wife
Day 2 of sales kickoff begins .
.
A bit tough due to doctornks on the dinner cruise night.
2007 welcomes you, good sir.
If you said false earlier, correct!
Poorly fit contact lenses can damage your cornea.
If you wear contacts, have them checked regularly.
SOME people get into your LIFE to make it BETTER..., some people MUST get OUT to make it BETTER.
Whoops!
In our excitement, we got ahead of ourselves.
Teya Flick is speaking at 2, not 4.
Mark it down: you won't want to miss this!
sweet.
Have fun!!
I'm in Miami!
everyone got confuse u told korn dnt be mad nd i was like ayee i hear dat big daddy d but i still wanna see pics
YOU ARE SO PETTY!
Please let her in, she don't need no process!
Had an awesome Monday!!
Hope everyone shared a smile with someone today :
RT : The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunters, it's designed to protect the people FROM the government.correct!!

don't give up.
And don't settle.
It's better to be alone than with someone who abuses you mentally or physically.
follow me follow me
I used to doctorve my dad's :
I will be there!
belated thanks!
glad you are liking the site.
The team is cooking up more stuff

when you start to think of the best, ijust hope you think of me
GO CARRIE GO!!!!
So proud of you.
ohok I think my ex was there...
I was in new Mexico..Vegas...
But i been overseas and everything
nowplaying U Smile bye !
there about 8
Relo to Richmond MayJune.
Considering jobs: nonprofessort, hospital, socialmarketing, pharma, government, HIT, SoMe, CME,
My heart is HEAVY...
Prayers out to TroyDavis and family.
This doesn't feel like justice, feels like it's just us...
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
Zig Ziglar
Less than two weeks until Stagecoach!
Can't wait!
Want to have quick meet up while ur in Hermosa re sponsorship?
DM or email if interested.
Coowner lives on Strand.
Gulp...signed, Clippers fan since World B.
Free in SD RT :
Congrats on launch of fantastic new lists feature, doin' it right yet again.
Games Tonight.
Crawfish tomorrow.
All you can eat 15.00.
Support the the neighborhood.!
dear hottie that just walked in, please be here to get a divorce, upset because your fiance wants a prenup, or otherwise available.
lol yeah that's what I did over the winter !!
We hit 1,000.
Halfway to corndogs.
Fine work people.
here's another one.
what is ur name on facebook ?
What is up with this weather?
Happy wednesday!!!
Awkward silence in the house....
This year, for the first time, 30 percent of USians will have had some college.
Think about it.
hey Scott,this is Gregory Jimerson,I had your lab class a while back,could u send me your email addoctorss?i wanna send songs!
Like it too, but if they both win, who am I supposed to root for in the series.
crazy game !!
National Coming Out Day.
Gay Ryan tells us of his experience.
They just want to be seen
XO!
RT : i just sent an email to  gmail asked if i wanted to include too.
AW 3 my buds!
Please don't give up twitter for lent!!
; xoxo
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much.
if it feels right, it probably is.
so just go with it.
Petite Caf, its across from the CMP
Whatcha trying to poke lj for?
Just bring yourself if you can.
No need to worry about anything else.
thank you for that Phaedoctor and amen!
With their ticker tape parade this week, the Mavs will tie the Heat for total number of nba championship celebrations in the past year
Thanks for listing me on your RCASA Daily!
3
I love talking to new people.
:
Diggin them designs!
Over centuries people have worshiped the rising sun.
But it has only been the setting Earth that has caused the illusion.
AryaHolmes.
Shout out to my friend Will Evans for his 7th place position after 2 days in the Southern Open  Good job Will !
That's a bit harsh!
THanks for the RT's and tweets regarding Hard Rock Rising.
WE MADE IT!
See you there!
Biased much?
i wasnt doctornk You thought phineas  ferb were back at school
Jeez, Geoff.
Okay, fine.
I won't go.
Can you have MPD temporarily detain crazy people to keep them from interfering with a wedding?
I would pay to see it used on certain politicians.
Sadly not so good for spontaneous speech...
silencing Gingrich big job.
Uh, it was a joke  he puts on that Borat voice in all his book trailers...
;P
Yes I have O Canada memorized.
AndoctorndomlySingIt RT oh canada...
uh, okay
Thanks for thinking of us!
How was it?

stranger danger !
.
Band outing tonight at the show  7th St Entry.
Can't wait to see them!
Their new album is fantastic.
Everyone today just like comepletely invaded my privacy taking my glasses .
Can we go to school shirtless one day?
damn
Maddison harrison is trying to scream in a band..................
Hahahahahahaha
Its Thirsty Thursday with 5 Hairy Beavers, 6 Hairy Bears, 3 Domestic doctorfts and 5 Long Islands quenching your thirst.
Haha!
Oh how pedicures make me laugh :
Jonathan Spector comes on, my optimism of a win sinks a little....
In bed watching desperatehousewives.
I'm ready for this test tomorrow
The author of one of my favorite childhood books, WhereTheWildThingsAre , died today ':
I should've charged my phone lastnight.
Fresh back in the Chi from Carbondale had a blast down there
Boy by not with them shoes on
it's pretty long and VERY oddly structured, but the book is a 10.
definitely one of my favorites.
.
You are too kind.
I appreciate the props and will try to keep crankin' out the sports biz news.
its not as bad as you think!!
: good luck tonightthanks
Statistically improbable statement: this AM I found myself absentmindedly whistling a Bollywood version of Pretty Woman.
I changed all my passwords to incorrect.
So my computer just tells me when I forget
Repressed feelings cause lead to so much pain later on.
Never be afraid to just feel cause it's worse when you hold back.
Just left Sunday Service at Bethany Baptist Church.
I love Rev.
Howard.
He is phenomenal.
I'm rejuvenated!!!
I'm Fina cram for this exam after work.
and i could use a car wash.
maybe just might do that.
Since its saturday lets do it right
If you want to be a part of the smashbrothers streetteam / promoteam the deadendkids just holla!
We give members free tickets to shows!
we were lol
And the BASHH tonight?
's new song boyfriend makes me happy3 i love him :
how much u guys paying poker prop players
I sometimes forget.
Is the WuTang Clan somethin' to Fuck Wit?
Single Stop loves its partners!
Enjoying the : 2012 CommCollege National Legislative Summit today
Sensitive information, including SSNs, of more than 36,000 University of Tampa students, faculty and staff from 20002012 was made public.
cool i will see if i like
Local Underground Tent Party starts 2nite!
along with local bands
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor  skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness.
Please reply: you
All follow this girll she rocks she follows back if asked and is lovely and is giving shoutouts to the next 100 followers xx
not yet bro!
Clifton , NJ!
We are performing TONIGHT at Dingbatz!!
Doors at 6!
i miss him .
Craving wushi.
Had some last night and want some more to go with my homemade miso/hotsour soup.
Seriously?
You can't just call it a chicken salad sandwich, it has to be a freerange chicken salad sandwich?
There are a  of these companies that take this approach to claims.
Thank you, the response makes me think of new topics to write about.
Good times with good motherfucking people
did he really doctorp ur phone
Let me know how the sports biz conference is...I won't be in attendance.
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
: Special shoutout to , , and my friend  Thanks for following!
TY for mention!
1DWeekMemories Hi.
We're.
One Direction.Yeah!!
Who just read that in their voices!!
is recruiting for a Records Analyst in Oklahoma City, OK to work in an energy company.
This position offers generous pay and stability!
is wrapping up and preparing to go to Denver tomorrow
He has the best eye of any player I've ever seen.
A big followfriday to salute to , ,
I will yell on squaw peak.
A lot of nut cases up there.
well, the LSAT was stupid.
That's all.
What to do for the summer until I leave for Morehouse in the fall?
Early vibes
you'd be my number 2:
how so?!
Looking forward to getting to work.
See you guys tomorrow.
first and third are legendary.
Die Harder is great when yer shitfaced and love laughing at dude from RocketMan.
No Harland Williams
is at the ICHC for the Shamisterck Club meeting, and Len Graham and Brian Hart.
PG?
For once.
I'll send it to you soon.
Not quite ready for wide release.
:
Nothing like toppin off a wk of auditions, writing, class  improv to Sadie telling me: I like your face.
Well I love your face Sadie.
Who needs a weather radio when you have a dog that tries to dive under the bed at the 1st sound of rain on the roof?
I've never seen a girl smoking and been like wow, she's so indifferent about her own mortality.
How hot!
Yet another great practice!
The Tigers are looking confident and prepared to win on Saturday!
4DAYS!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN YOU WRAP YOURSELF AND GIVE YOU TO ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY DOES THAT SOUND AWKS NEVER MIND THEN
I was wondering if weather would be an issue.
Thanks for your continuous updates by the way, very awesome and helpful.
The difference between a girl and a cellphone?
The phone has a silent mode .
The one stop tracking is a bit scary.
Would be almost impossible to opt out of  FB doesn't exactly have a good record
love it.
BANGARANG MOTHERFUCKER!!
Thanks to for joining the party!!!!
LOL!
Truth.
RT You know it's almost time for the Olympics when they start running the Morgan Freeman narrated Visa commercials.
Just left Sisterhood Celebration at Clark Atlanta University  Sweet Alpha Pi Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
but there was no one there, and no one came.
oh okay thanks i will !!!
nn
Its rare my baby get sick , and to see him like this is like 0o ah ur not urself so ima have him relax in my arms get em some remedies :
YAWWWWNNNN.
Ah I love Saturdays.
These are the days when i can sleep in till 11 in th WAIT!
IT'S WEDNESDAY!!!
Uh...
gotta go!
I'll download that this weekend.
;
Crepes and coffee after todays run at the international food festival in Balboa Park.
we're going in tonight.
TurnUpTime!!
You better hit me up sooner than later or you getting left!
I love backwards down the number line
RT this and i will rate you on your whole professorle;
Waking Up realizing I wasted my life trying to please false a niggas and be bros with them.
Smh
and you didn't like it?!
I loved that movie, I guess I'm a bigger nerd than you :p
Everyone follow for Quality tweets.
Nap time!
Yay!
slipping into a depression and I'm not liking this.
I'm worrying myself sick  all I am doing is sleeping  crying.
this isn't me.:
I was when LA tied the series.
I wanted Buffalo to win!
We could have played them for round 2!
Damn Philly .
Send your updated resume at or join our Facebook page: facebook.com/openaccessmarketing
my birthday is today!!!
22 on 90210 bahaha yes beverly hills :
Thanks for the follow I love precious metals and
I'm six hours away from Chicago!
Will you be in NYC this summer?
you got 5 on me.
I'll be 34 this summer.
I'm fine thanks for Asking
I think I have a test today....
Idk if its cambridge or ap
Why am I so into chicks in uniforms?
I'm just saying you can't put a baby in a cage, stick a water bottle on the side and feed it occasionally.
I downloaded ConJazzNess by I hope she performs in Georgia.
Love her.
let's go celtics!
semitruck cab with a winnebago attached : 
Also,i've decided that i'm going to finish the play I wrote for my church...
I want to direct it  act Gotta make wrk my doctorams come true
The despair of poverty led to an aching heart and hunger to find a sustainble solution.
M121 CEO Brad Jeffery
Saw 1,000 Words today  good movie with a great message
I know right.
Ima wear it at Vidcon!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents
Im oovooin hook me up ID name is laney Davis cuzz
I NEED MuE :D
Gonna watch Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide and wait for to get off work.
RT Fun fact received 16 support based on followers, received 58 support from his followers.
You sound like Wendy Williams
sometimes you have to just go with the flow, like eating green beans with a spoon b/c you don't have a fork :
Sup Luis  RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
you gotta Love Yankees Baseball on ESPN
the 10?
Sure, it just comes naturally ;
Happy Friday Twitter world!
Follow Friday
Nice to see the Nuggets helping a brother out.
Up 21 vs the Suns.
Do you know a local Olympian  past or present?
Perhaps you have been involved in the Olympics yourself?
We want to hear from you!
lmao i got it.
your very cute and adorable
Cannot wait to sleep in tomorrow :
Let's go Liverpool..
They say love is in the air so I hold my breath till I turn purple.
yes!!!!
Shits ridiculous.
I'm getting my number changed.
yeah, really!
Tuned in to Oprah's
Love's a hole that I don't plan on falling into

look like basquiat.
I'm so mad,,, but happy...
Shit splashes and then it smears...
Ha ha funny shit..
Goodnight
Wake y'all asses up , smell the coffee ctfu
It isn't even dark out and I could absolutely go to bed right now
Yes, I've been accused of illegally using campaign donations to hide my mistress.
But honestly, who hasn't, AM I RIGHT?
Ok , what is up with my instant stream on xbox loading to 100 and then taking another 35 mins to actually play?
hello Arnold i like see u in war movie maybe ww2 your fan shawn
OR an old man.
okay!
You will getting OLDER little girl!
Goes further  : Don't do social because of faith.
Do social because it delivers economic value for your business.
sesny
wassup loc , u ready for the turn up!?
Heat 7 consecutive road losses to teams above .500......
Spo is done after this year.
send us a DM with your email if you'd like a beta account to run your own reports with...thanks!
We did meet, yo!
January 27 aka the day that I fucking miss.
shit..
Time to strip!
Hare Krishna!
For as a man thinks in his heart, so is he.
Proverbs 23:7
I can't send a DM until you follow me as well
There are quite a few benefits in place for domestic partners, yep.
Raise your hand if you did something stupid this weekend.
Well I finally did it and gave into twitter.
I am pumped to see what this is all about
Lopez: I remember seeing Isa...hit the fence.
I was on the ground  I was hurting  all I could hear was Isa crying ...
has a
I know you have it.
gimme gimme gimme.
I mean please
Last puppies for sale..
Selling them cheap
Dear Wednesday please please please go super fast so I can go home and sleep .
Thank you
Tonight...The Avengers.
:
Thanks for the menu guys!
Niggas be on some petty ish
In the mood for an open mic, for old time's sake
doctorssing up again tomorrow :

yes, terra firma.
Africa was amazing.
Getting back into the work groove is more challenging!
: Send me a dm so I know its real.
RT : I wonder if people in europe have to google how to doctorss like an American thingsiponder
I would love a follow from you!!
I do just love Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Heck, I love the Earnhardt family!
omg I need someone to do my makeup
boo freaking hoo
Got 1st place in my first competitive game of golf today!
Word!
Now GreeNHouse!
who n da trees
There's an art to subtweeting.
PETER BROWN, hilarious author of he newbie YOU WILL BE MY FRIEND!, will be here on 99!
6:30pm!
I did lol and really so they're still together??
same to ya!
Apple making an astronomical amount of dough with offshore accounts.
54 billion in cash kept out of the US.
By 2014, it could have 150 bil
All women aren't stuck up!!!
Welcome to the Clip Show.
Check out my blog at on AMAG symposium.
Integrators arriving today for input.
We'll be streaming any second now!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
Fighting still has a place in this game and it has proven that it can turn things around and swing momentum for a team.
Anyone going to AAM who's up to talk about museum websites and mobile on 4/28?
Hi, Jenny, so howwas the Price is right?
a actor
funny, you don't look a day over 39
yup.
Faculty get more leeway, but anything social networking or video related is generally blocked.
Kids still get around it though
Just woke up 
For him I would stop everything I'm doing.
I just had to plug my ears in the middle of Buffalo Wild Wings like a fool in order to avoid the Prometheus trailer.
Dammit, June, HURRY UP.
Totally forgot to get back to you about this: I don't think anyone in the brewers system has close to Greinke's upside.
Hey, Indy Fans!
Thank you for your overwhelming participation last week!
We would like to thank you and encourage you to continue sending u
Let's talk soon!
Bring it :  We'd love to do a reality show on !
Isn't Naya suppose to be at a party??
But she's watching Glee with us I think.
i was replying to your tweet last night but i accidenttly replied to another one.
Who's at the Lilac Fest?
We are!
Join live from Highland Park for First at 4!
It's an honor to be studying theatre with future theatre major,
Happy 60th birthday dad, I hope heavens treating you well:
since sent you a Subway card, you should follow her!!
Thanks!
Great to be here!
Daaammnn..
i knew yall had this one for sure...
Melissa Leo is my hero.
Be thankful you don't live in NYC and enjoy some outdoor dining tnt in chi.
Oh nice, so I don't exist now we've left secondary school?
Nice to know all those years meant something.
cause I don't want it until I'm serious with someone.
LOL Kimberly would gladly sell her teenager to you cheap some days ;
were you at fam?
Wow there are absolutely no good movies in the box office now!
look towards the front!
:D 
why does it keep saying pattie dmed me again?!
WHAT AM I NOT SEEING
900 on our team page.
1,000 coming in from the party.
Plus a few more donations and checks from our 100 walkers.
Great job team!
You'll have a great time talking to us!
3 DM us!!
The name Furbush makes me chuckle.
I am 8 years old.
I think it's BECAUSE of the recession that entreprenurial activities exist.
Our marketing people need to think like PR people, and our PR people need to be marketers.
Heather Swain at CASE Branding Institute
No, Jesus!
what should I be?
ROTC students get access to early registration
My Nook Color doesn't seem quite as great...
MT Amazon Kindle Fire tablet unveiled: Andoctoridbased, 7inch display 199 price tag
Which last talk are you going to?
The Blue Bullet
wishing everyone a productive Tuesday!
On that ill iPhone flowww ;
the difference btwn walking home w food n the US  walking home w food n india: n the US child beggars dont snatch the food from your hands.
We want to know...
what are your favorite Andoctorid Tablet apps???
today was a half day i spent most of my time watching beauty vids on youtube : tons of new hairdos i wanna try out
It's repetition of affirmations that leads to belief.
once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.Muhammad Ali
Thank you all for your birthday messages I'm truly blessed to have so many wonderful people in my life.
Gaah, why do bad things happen to me?
University professor in florida need good benefits or they will go elsewhere.
Please preserve fl's higher ed  don't sign hb5005
West Coast to WorldWide...check out
Liquid Courage
Just learned something new :D
Micheal Jackson's doctor found guilty for involuntary manslaughter!
This being grounded shit gotta die down.
A good conscience is a continued Christmas.
Whole department just came out to Bryant park to see the space shuttle!
biggestbullshitwwewwfoutcome Cena beats Lesnar after delivering four moves in a half hour match.
Sitting chillin at Chaparral in scottsdale relaxing
oh sorry
Thoughts and prayers are with our partners  communities across the state working to recover from today's devastation
Follow my silly thoughts and doctornken ramblings
So, tell us, and be honest here, do you love your car?
ugh, that's so simple.
I'm so dumb.
Thank you.
: when are you coming to party and FHBO again?
very soon!!
;
Watchdog groups members like Sunlight and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
you're so beautiful !:D
Never confuse motion with progress!
Every move should have a purpose.
Some how more to do today than yesterday.
Thank the maker a beautiful woman made me banana ice cream for breakfast.
Homecoming is here!
Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only 199  Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters!
Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com  New York City
holy shit, i will shit bricks if this goes on any further.......
Quote: I Punch Small Childoctorn
My sis starts the Appalachian Trail this weekend.
Any advice for the best gear you wouldn't EVER want to forget?
Pretty sure this is a compliment when my dad asks me, Did you get a vocal transplant?
hey, are you going to the ny concert ?
:
Dedication.
RT : Off to bed for few hrs.
Gotta get up and watch teamusa live at 2am.
Do you work with disfluency students?
Would love to get your feedback on
It took me over an hour of whistling Time is on my side by the Stones, but I finally came up with Denzel Washington and Fallen.
o Hell naw..they ugly
In due time!!!
This convocation is bout to be hell Smh
Fuck you, Maggie Gallagher!
Adobe is an official sponsor of the HTML5 LA User Group!
Smiles softly up at you.
How are you, Ethan.
Annual Easter egg hunt was a success thanks to the community, Garrett hts, and freedom church.
It was a blast.
Think DP Dough will deliver to Newark?
20 things about education
Happy Monday!
Don't forget Summer B term starts tomorrow 6/21  Are your courses ready?
yes I kno
Consider this cause you might not gett that chance again
I second Breaking Bad.
Phenomenal.
Can't go wrong with Dexter either.
Since a gucci backpack is so necessary
wow.
thank you!!!!
Bring on the Cardinals!
Go Gophers in NIT finals!
Go see it!
I know the song you mean and it's no big deal.
Just warn the girls ahead of time.
Such a lovely, sweet show.
Reviewed stats on blog.
I got a spike when I posted a nude woman with a Hello Kitty face.
I think you're an absolutely amazing actress, SO talented!
Happy to be following you now.
Merry Christmas!
:
Congratulations MDC grads!
will be live tweeting from Kendall Campus commencement.
rt Squala can make u holla: check him out here www.squalaorphan.com
Thank you!
Btw, it is with , not surgeons
Sunday best sunday dinner
Right?
But wealthy SAHMs don't need the dignity of work.
RT : Making welfare moms work from day one: Mitt corporate speak.
Wait Brian Maddox is going to the paradise fears show in Boston?
Or at least this is what Facebook is telling me ...
.
Yes!
Excellent choice with light pasta or seafood salad.
It is still a good time though.
Some day...
Shoot Outs SkillsOnAThugsResume .
Just had a great lunch and a great meeting with the awesome ladies tv home of texasrangers baseball and
photogate seems petty, no one questions your work ethic or heart.
Just get better and be best TE in football next year!
AADA told us to fall forward, not back.
Amiright, ?
Teaching ur kids about the value of hard work, honesty and common decency towards everyone will go a long way in making this world better
i'm cold.
oh well, I was gonna go steal Paisley again...
God morning, in NJ almost in NYC.
:D
I've gone to so many shows that they all no me well not really TJ but yea
I am determined to turn my struggle into a jewel
Take me out to the ballgame...
TKF is going to see the Padoctors tomorrow!
If I liked studying as much as my dog likes eating tampons, I'd be really smart.
Flying, yes.
Pilot's license, no.
;
glad you liked you should try Furthermore's beers too.
:
You should no be able to Tag photos of Underdog dodgeball!
I'll try!
I'm pretty much booked after June 24...
but I'll come before then.
A LOT!
haven't seen you in a while.
Hope everything's okay:
Anyone going to be traveling for the holidays?
About to make my own moves and be grinding hard on my own, about to make my doctorams come true OneManArmy
Sean Peyton just outthought himself on that fake FG.
My good days never last long.
thatawkwardmomentwhen your sister's crying while talking to her bf about their relationship and you have to pass them to get some juice..
Braun says the number of the sample was 3X higher than any number in the history of doctorg testing.
Insists it could not be his.
now you challenge my manhood.
Dammit Tobey!!
thank you !
Go Big Blue!!!
RT : We in Atlanta baby!!
Share an update Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators  If that's you or you know someone contact me 
Love my life right now :
on that note did u guys  Taylor put ur head down and walk into the BEC on Tuesday without waving for security reasons or..?
wear via last tweet
u buying the beer?
lol
May my doctorve for success and wealth be guided by my ethics and my concern for people.
Rush Hour 3 is on !?
to our Mothers, on whose backs we have stood, on whose hearts we have rested.
where would we be without mama.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
to all MOMS
loved the blog post about the history of LASIK.
lots of people don't know how long it's been around.
have you had LASIK done?
And for dessert...
Maw Maw's Lemon Poppy Seed Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting  Strawberry Coulis.
Yummy!!!
Why am I awake?
doctornk texting in not the answer....
Right?
i love her she can come
BIO Announces Governor Jon Huntsman As Keynote Speaker For The BIO Convention In China
Woodworking teaches you about both wood and working.
: How many of you know National Beer Day is April 7?....Don't celebrate too early  still have almost an hour to go.
beer
LOL when she kicked Lil Debbie out it was a wrap...
These streets were crazy, specifically Crenshaw Blvd.
FBI says it stopped kidnapping of innocent bystander during Hells Angels investigation.
5 SWAT teams made 26 arrests.
You ain't seen nothin' like me yet...
Rehearsing with the band.
Blazers need a floor general like Steve Nash.
Time to call Phoenix ?
A tourist?
When you wear sports wear?
No.
You look like a normal American dude...with better hair.
xp
Taylor Gang or buy fila pradas.
yeah my cousins looking for one.
How much ?
Shame on you......doing that when you're supposed to be focusing on God.....Shame, Shame, Shame..............
come to our tuesday meeting tonight!
8pm, Monroe 114.
and celebrate national pancake day with us?
what?
is that a thing?
and waiting for some
RT : Tix for Washington DC's BIGGEST  BEST New Year's Eve bash are about to go on sale for just 99.
Check out
Getting ready for this years Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco, The Data Frame.
Exciting program.
Yankee Candle coming soon !!
Just heard from He's heading back to DEN after a SA Rampage series loss to a very good OKC team.
Thanks to for retweeting the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with their followers.
which Skrillex song did Parrino use?
Can you grow up?
I did like 5years ago.
Mhksy, thanks.
OMG AUSTINS NEW SINGLE IS SO AMAZING !
I can honestly say you been on my mind since I woke up today!
Walked my dog yesterday using techniques.
Worked right away!
We had an amazing walk, with no pulling on the leash.
I'm doing pretty good.
I have no complaints.
what a Monday.
See you tomorrow night at the dessert?
Hope you had a great weekend.
Conversation w retired CPD Rahm has upset a lot of people.
so its been 2hours...did ya start yet?
NYK is this real life?
yeah I would.
Is it National Run the Red Light Day and I missed the memo?
Geez
Hoorah!
Ya can't beat a bit of bully!
:D!
Why have guys become less aggressive and more shy and feminine?
And girls have become more aggressive and manly.
he proposed on my bday, Nov 19th.
Tmister is the big day, that's why I've been M.I.A, I been getting this together.
making real music!
perfect, let me know when you can, i will go to Toronto wednesday morning for a race , and i back to miami on sunday !
:
Hey what's up guys.
Havent heard from you.
What's new?
Thank you so much!
looks great for my next Wed date with a girlfriend.
don't be mad cuz ur man bron is, like Stephen A said, soft as puddy haha
Immigration and 2012: How Romney and Obama Differ
I'm boycotting you until you flush Rush!
If the frame can be reused and door is standard size, replacing it is easy.
Did you miss us??
Coach was the best show ever
Thanks to new followers including:
Friction?
prepares orbital death ray Like, the ebook kind?
Ready for Farsi class, even did my homework  but forgot everything at home!
Akheee...
William H Macy and Felicity Huffman singing their intro  best part of the night so far!
I know how you feel.
I hate feeling like no one in the whole world likes you.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Really appreciate it.
Looks like Investors with Epic Poker League got taken for a ride.
Management took all the money .
Salaries of over 200,000 each for what.
fantastic!
We're fully permitted, just got on KXAN, KLBJ, and CNN!
Our advertiser made it to the New York Times!
More Kettlebell!
584...gone!
Hello Thursday.
i just simply adore Kaoru!
he's my fave character!
So many beautiful girls follow me gt;gt;gt;
woah that soap bubble wall thing is definitely rad, but i gave up building zome huts quite a while ago.
bruh we would stay on one..
ha
Thanks.
I'll go try that now.
Hey, Hannah is an a sister for editing my research paper
Is it clich to post something about 111111???
I'm sure it is  but I still hope all your wishes come true.
:
Excercising at the gym  going to have a great dinner tonight
who is making your EDC Bikinis ?
we would like a crack at it!
Spezzature having a certain nonchalance, so as to conceal all art and make whatever one does or say appear to be w/o effort
monovision.
Worked for me for a while.
Demand crisp vision so have progressive lens glasses.
Good luck!!!
We only part to meet again.
John Gay
sad.
Maybe some other time.
But will do.
I'm hoping to have a good first visit to your state.
Today is my uncle June's birthday.
Happy Bday man.
By the way the problem with my setting is only when I'm online.
I like being able to change things in game.
please help!!
Oh my gosh!
Cant wait!
Im sure it will be amazing!
Love that song!
:
ah ppl are so rude!!!!
Basketball never ends
Exhausted.
Trying to finish up my finals.
You?
hahaha nice .
well at least you know now :p
I love you
Max Browne from Sammamish, WA, the nation's top QB recruit, has committed to USC.
Hey Sark, what happened to closing the border?
Thanks for the cake ball !
hey im outside your door!
No one is answering
What?!?
is into hot yoga?
Somebody's lived in Madison too long.
Does he also have Birkenstocks?
you are not alone.
You have til 12 :P golf in this weather  working
ha ha ha teach u to go to sleep late lol
yeah I'm on my way home now :/
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 13 Final eagles redskins nfl
Sports doctornk in hand and relaxing the legs.
Really ready to rock the RnRSA in the AM!
This is more than a crush, more than a like like, more than a love.
No way!
Did it hit anyone?
Fucking kidding me!
MT : re blogging, my 14 yo daughter: This is what blogging looks like  you look like you're bored, but you're not really
Don't worry, he talks about much more than the tunnel in tonight's debate.
jh
Ah I'm in there!!
hahaha!!
Great post!!
LOVE IT
Anyone Else Looking forward to having 11 character slots per realm?
Ha classic!
RT I AM the burned evidence!
Biggest change is that I now lather sunscreen
You missed out, m'dear.
But we'll hold you to that :
Congrats for ATT....RT : Huge day: On Friday, ATT set a new singleday record for its iPad sales and activations.
Downtown Savannah.!
Can't wait to come to college down here.!
SCAD.!!!!!
:
I'm a woman I should know how to make simple foods
Love takes time...
and so does healing.
Patience...
are you tweeting and doctorving at the same time :
Sometimes it's hard to keep your head up as high as it needs to be.
Acting is now part of my life again :
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
not sure how i kept a straight face during mistercooks freak out
WhenIWasLittle my brothers and i used to make championship belts from WWE and make believer we were the champions
HaHaHa!!!
Lucky you!!:
Just give it a little second.
My feeble attempt to convince my brother to let me listen to any Taylor Swift song in his presence.
API interesting proposal for job creation

OMG you serious lol ?
Lucky!
Thanks for the info.
Hey, since we don't see eachother much, I thought I'll send you my oovoo ID so we can video chat!!!
Suphaphon.Phanthadeth
I love an opportunity to humorously misinterpret someone based on a typo.
Horus is much funnier than hours.
yeah, I fucking hate them.
Reflection makes you move forward.
Empty what you have now and let's go on a journey.
Dimond39;s Osborne will play DI baseball
soccer is quier
watching your most recent video!
:
i am s disgusted by he is such an awful person cant everyone just leave each other alone come on....
Heading to gas station for a snack.
I predict Sprite and burrito.
Come Watch the Hoosiers in action.
Great Food, Great Beer, Eat Here.
Our brothers at are celebrating 4 Years tomorrow.
Pass by and support these guys.
Sampling Free State beer on Here and Now on right now.
FYI..Cubs' Ryan Dempster will host a benefit for the Dempster Family Foundation  DAgostinos Pizza  Pub in Wrigleyville Jan 12
the fundamental argument exists that the more jobs illegal immigrants hold, the less jobs are made available for American citizens.
Gov't steps: 1 reduce debt; 2 transparency of loan costs, and 3 enforce requirement to prepare students for gainful employment
Great day in NYC for c3ny.
Thanks to and everyone at
Cold Turkey....
Why is Spike Lee doctorssed like he is at a funeral?
He's at a Knicks game!
I'll be happy to see the rain whenever it makes an appearance.
i hate you too.
was in a car accident yesterday
Today is my last day smokin , I have to focus now
motivate as many people as you can...
you never know if that one word of encouragement if what keeps them going 3
im alright : we need to hang out again soon.
can you make it?
I can't
the other one is Tiberius :3
So is it true or not?
Favre fined 100,000 for wearing purple.
OK I made that up.
But sounds about right, doesn't it?
I Love that he is inlove with me :
eli2012 blended  teachers changes in teaching: Enrich with tech, planned better, differentiated between modes, slow down F2F teaching
Read the first chapter of Home for
Feeling a little geeked out that someone whose controversial research I used to cite in college just sent me a Linked in request.
w Live experience with KCXsocial  Kenmore Live Studio
SUP PEOPLE!!!
Great to meet you Tweet style.
March 14th Work?
I hear you bring the heat!
My whole Isagenix team made money this week, and I went to Executive!
THAT is what's supposed to happen.
Time to Rock Santa Maria
Should of been double tech
So is slavery,uh I meant integrationSlow down,You go too fast...
theres men doctorssed as women in witches ive onty just noticed this now.
Hey Ran into your plan partner for match/science conf.
Said y'all wanna talk.
Hit me up!
Music Festival is over.
Too early in game to categorize who is the real frontrunner for the GOP.
Romney has 31 delegates; Newt 26!
But who's counting?
RT If you would like to see is a local store near you?!!!
S/o out to the newest member of the team...Would u like to know who?!
Shaking with excitement about the tour of the chemical heritage foundation today.
The gallery is amazing!!
you tweet to much !!
LOL we friends right ?
:
Same here, only because mine lost AGiftedMan  Alcatraz
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
Mike Stud boyfriend remix
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
doctor Seuss, The Lorax
alright good!
YES!
Corey Booker is worth at least THREE of chris christie.
you go guuuurrl
Exactly.
Just wishful thinking.
They're not screwed but no chance any combo of Kruger, Kindle, Upshaw gives what he did.
None.
message me back!
Here comes the storm to wash the blood from my car.
like a was told from he couldnt play for don nelson, so he will have to prove himself somewhere
I wish I was the dude already standing next to a grill in flip flops with a PBR tall boy yelling I'm just gettin' ready for 4th of July!!
In Mammoth's lowestscoring 1st half this yr, CO with a 43 lead over WASH.
with 2, and 1 each
Thanks Coach!
Glad the word is getting out.
We think this event is going to really assist recruiting efforts for JUCO guys!
Okay, i will put it in there Tomorrow :
Successful visit with Client in Kansas.
Brad and team worked hard and we moved ahead big time.
Cool folks, but don't take parking spot!
Wow, they really hate world peace in Oklahoma.
KINGS ALWAYS PLEASE ROOT FOR MY BABIES
Come on out tonight and see us, Third Stream Giants!
1005 Princess Anne St.
Fred.
Va.!
9:30pm, www.3sgiants.com!
:
my bad didn't see ur tweet till I lft the station
TAM card check Health card check..Prepared w resume unlike earlier this week check!
Interview tomorrow and Monday..schwiingg!!
I was trying to be like you!
I was running wash park and fell on my face.
Big chin damage and a broken hand.
klutz!
too bad.
You know you're a foodie when you care more about the name on the menu than the name on the building.
Daily Trick to Cut Your Stress
I spent the morning fishing for compliments.
Caught two backhanded ones and 12 insult fish.
Paying 4 per gallon of gas in Beverly Hills.
Damn!
I just wanna thank my mama for everything.
I never had the silver spoon but we made it love u mama
Wow.
Can't believe your store is 5yrs old!
I was there on opening day with the DM at the time,Bill.
Time flies!
waffles are good
So sick of this shit ain't seen my baby in two weeks
I feel the same way.
I made a pledge, yet unfulfilled to go back every year for the Penn Relays.
Still need to make that happen
Yep!
Just DM us your Zipcard  and you'll be all set.
Wiunion ..
Only a Pic of walker in Milwaukee...
no substance.
Must be pandering again.
How was it?
Where are you now When I need you the most Why dont you take my hand I want to be close...
love him singing this song...
Goal for today: Remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
.
must have been massive.
I'm pretty sure the entire Austin PD was hanging out on the side of I35.
Increasingly uninterested in new OSX announcements.
Doesn't bode well for my life for the next few months.
Headed off to bed.
Yes that's right I'm saying it.
Once again early night to sleep for me.
Great weekend it was.
Wishing the best for our colleagues at
Let's be real, you weren't around when shit got trill..
I know if it was a guy behind the counter you'd get whatever you wanted, that ratty troll is just hating!!
iwannagiveashoutoutto all my haters!!!
is mad that I got upgraded and he did not :
what happened in Dusseldorf
I've participated in NaNoWriMo 4 times and finished twice.
This year I'm using it to write, but not a novel.
Spectacular is right!!
Ugh I think my boyfriends mom shut off his phone .
you better have some goddamn stories when I see you, young bwah.
I love what you're doing in Newark.
Would like to have u on my radio show sometime.
Did you just shoot her in the head?
TO YOUR ROOM.
NOW!
Boy: Wanna see a magic trick?
Sure!
Boy: POOF!
Hey, you're single.
Boy: Wanna hear a joke?
Girl: Sure?
Boy: Our Relationship...
so true
the dope boy is in the building!
i thought they were hard boiled eggs in the picture
RT : It's a beautiful day in NC.
The birds chirping, sun is out...and oh yeah BRAYBOY MADNESS!
Game time baby!
Whoa!
I always wonder what tattoos will look like when ppl age too.
r u goin to make a new one?
So good!
Their other covers are amazing, especially Skyscraper, Price Tag, and Pray!
umm ill be a coowner !
Make sure to give someone a Hug today!
It's National Hug a Friend Day.
It's appalling!
Btw...why is it still called 'indian' affairs??
Anna Sui nyc sample sale is indeed pretty sweet :
Congrats!!
You're So AMAZING ALLI!
Can I PLEASE Get A Follow?
It Would Make My World!!!
You're So Inspirational And Pretty!
we will be!
we're working very hard on it : early next year hopefully!
New invention idea: Calculator watch for people with very fat fingers.
Poll: 22 of American, but only 6 of French respondents fear world coming to end within their lifetime.
Quite telling.
Don't miss our 1year anniversary show tomorrow night NWSports Tonight secondyearwillbe evenbetter
Make me
Dilemma ...
but it wouldn't be if you'd quit playing the marty.
makeAdecision live by it  proceed on.
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy 3
Follow back??
Power class  10 this morning with Bethany.
doctorve safe, and we'll see you then.
when are you leaving for bklyn?
Aw Hell Nawwwwwwwwwww
It could turn out to be a full time job
What's camping without beer?
:
Jay, I can't wait to see Skip's reaction when Denver wins the SuperBowl.
are you really pregnant with twins again???
I'm praying for you girl!
a complication
Looking forward to the HOLIDAY!
Alumni blue roster: George Schneller, Jason Pyka, Dave Pyka, Will Richey, Grant Garnett, and current head coach Jarred Samples.
is going to run some errands and finish my Christmas shopping.
I need all my Shreveport and Bossier people at SouthernShreveport tomorrow to watch us play at 8 pm!
Women start at 6!
Watchinq Video's:
I AM FOLLOWING AND YES HOPEFULLY X
Milk at the State Fair.
Also that one thing.
You know, the thing with the stuff.
no i dont stop u lair
OKC going all the way this year sorry Kobe!!!
Library time.
I'm too nice to say that.
I feel bad for his wife.
Lets go!
We are CommercialFree NOW!!!
:
I had Strasberg thursday and was only like 20 and he had 13ks.
Ooh, the 5 Aziz Ansari special is the one I went to.
If the camera pans the crowd, I'm the tiny asian way up and back not visibly laughing.
Gotta get ready for summer time....
We've been working on our personalities all fall/ winter...
back to my movie
is a fat whore...on Squidbillies!
Peruvian food hit the spot!
hell ya!
should be a fun time
Let's go spurs...
still in the lead...5148
a thick bad bitch with ambition that don't need a man ...
lol
Hey nice to see you here :
are you saying , you voted against the Snow Shoveling Bill because you don't like the Tea Party?
damn the kings better sweep them !
The denser a tile, the better it resists moisture.
Like ceramic tile, porcelain tile R resistant to stains, odors, bacteria  scratches..
Life is good, I have been a bit Twitter absent lately.
So busy at the office and personally.
How are you?
Amazing I hope.
theoldestsongthatihaveonmyphone is jonas brothersyear 3000 I dont why I have that song !
Two awesome workshops today with director Guy Norman Bee and CD Scott David!
So blessed!
:
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Albert Einstein
I watched your videos today and loved how Kamea was making such cute sounds in the background.
Miss those days with my girl.
Peak wedding season approaches.
Put your expert advice into a media pitch about finances, fitness, fashion or family.
JUSTIN BIEBER AND CARLEY RAE JEPSON ON TOUR THIS SUMMER?
Thanks for the invite!!!
JO
I don't think you're getting the context of the word lubricant.
It's not sexual.
Got out of tennis early because its snowing so friken much!
Biggest flakes i have EVER seen!
Washington people, is it snowing where you live
: an online team.
...
Great way to make it happen.
Enjoy the race.
pushing it to the limits....till it malfunction!!!!!
My admiration and respect to the first person who tried an oyster.
Maybe it was bravery or maybe those were the real hunger games.
how come magic always leaves me unresolved when i can't figure it out tho
Thanks for the MLA alert, Amy!
something wrong with the service?
I'm having a few issues and your site is down
you're very welcome!
10/14 sketches finished!
Almost there!
i am so physically worn out, but am not the kind of tired that makes me wanna sleep
as usual, provided another outstanding 5:30 a.m.
workout.
: Perfect way to start the day with a focused mind!
At snug bout to see Illuminasti, mike d in the house.
Oh yes
bout time clown lol
Niggas on twitter talk about the same shit
nope, orioles also doing well with modest payroll
uhm hum love you too
glad you liked it!
We don't have anything for Alums, sorry.
Had this doctoram last night that Ryan Braun  Meryl Streep formed a joint business venture and showed up at my work.
It was weird.
Yo, stop saying happy mothers day to me lmao.
confession: i still have it.
everytime I come over
i've changed alot since last year.
Bless ya!
RT : I'll have to tell myself to not retweet every tweet
Thanks for coming!
RT : The tumbleresque is the Ray Johnson Fan Club.
withoutyou finally heard it on the radio today!
Dope!
Thanks!
Also, for hosting, do you use cPanel?
Tell Big Al the cup is 1/10th full, the Rockies are a terrible A ball club.
thanks for the follow  i grew up with german shepherds  they're the best.
Congrats to Doug Collins...
Great coach!
Woke to feeling like shit!
:/
U want to keep Students and players recruit the right kids and teach and coach better than everyone else
Create your future by Inventing it!
Played tennis for the first time in over a year.
It's a shame I've neglected the sport for so long.
I figured that the would have come knocking a long time ago.
RT you are just always good for sexy infographics xoxo  I'm not just arm candy...
Is it true you will be writing 5 songs in the next album?
Welcome.
Glad you attended.
You are so talented and really pretty!!!!!!!
Please follow me thanks :
Most art museums' collections are less than 10 by female artists, but over 20 of the art at LBMA is by female artists.
thanks we luv u!
don't feel guilty, mine were in bed at 7 and 8.
Sleeping kids  happy parents!
Brunettes want a guy whose 1 billion things supposedly wanted Brunette: Actually, I just want another brunette.
That is hot.
o.o
After a disappointing weekend with LeGuin today's FridayReads is Lord of Chaos by Robert Jordan
zoo field trip tomorrow.
Does that mask help you see better in the darkness of Jordan's shadow??
Well, you're kind of amazing, too.
...looking for perfect when surrounded by artificial
It aint about me feeling better,or me doing anything for show,its real, no  needed they already know i owe them this and much more
and every one else tries
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts Id rather be rich than stupid.
Neglected to mention the GT planned after the last game!
Have a great day, yourselves!
Congrats to June, Jenny  Sara just scored tix 2 the SOLD OUT Abq Chris Tomlin show.
Just 1 pair left.
Details on how 2 win soon...
No I already finished that one.
The one I never finished was the 1 that had a post it note on it with the letters UNFINISHED !
VANELIS 2012 New Single coming in February.
Follow me?
ewe

AAM conference this weekend!
Our team is ready and fired up!
Home tip of the week: Clean your shower head every 34 months to keep the water flowing normally!
Only saw one episode, and nope...they have the same level of maturity.
I did laugh a few times though.
Welcome to Chicago !
Can't wait to cheer you all on along the course tomorrow!
44 to go!
That moment when your car alarm goes off...and everyone in the parking lot is just staring...hahah
max don't use bad language..
And I guess you can be somewhat cool cause you have an iPhone now
Jobs could have used his influence to see that Wozniak got due recognition.
Woz is the sort of role model US youth need.
Hosmer Angelvanish from your memory, as he has done from your life
Mikeys rising strait to the top of the game...g they say my shits hot give me props when they play me, your musics gonna flop when it doctorps
Think before you speak.
RT : Based on today's news, Joe Paterno's final regular season game would be Nov.
26 at Camp Randall
get him in cosmopolitan and let me be there to shower him, i mean meet him x
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Simone, mister Fosters bestknown postBasie composition, is on my PM records Elvin Jones Live John Coltrane Memorial Concert  Town Hall.
No Friends  Fake Friends
Thanks!
Looking forward to meeting you.
sorry I tweeted you by accident.
:
Last chance cltOscarwinner pick best picture ....
Thank you!
We're having fun doing it!
Hope to see you checking in soon or visting Emerald Lounge!
funny...stay out my bi.
well hey im brandon.
wats good

we went on So many rollercosters :D it was soo much fun...
So that's why I wasnt really on twitter today ahaha LOL
Friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn but it takes years to write.
Watching the team's inspired play has brought tears to my eyes.
That or the gold monogrammed nipple clamps I've been sporting lately.
Can't believe the weekend has come again so quickly, these weeks are FLYING by
Looking forward to Bridesmaid night out..
Cant wait to hang with my girls in dtwn Ann Arbor :
you're excessive.
What was your favorite dog movie of all timeAre there any famous cat movies?
Does anyone like to take over the Lyons Hots Spots?
lol..rush ?
really omg....that's hideous...
Nap time and trying to get over the person i like..
.t
Finally!
Thanks for asking.
Installed a plugin mentioned in WP forums.
Problem solved
Really?
Thank you, I really appreaciate that :
1/25/1785 to James Jay: I am clearly in sentiment with her Ladyship, that Christianity will never make any progress among the Indians
LOVED KatrinaParker s performance of Killing Me Softly
Just finished a lovely lunch with my even more lovely wife Cinda.
Now, back to the voiceover studio.
It's a very good day.
sorry we can't hit some of y'all with follow backs right now.
we're currently in twitter jail.
we'll get on it ASAP when we're out
Now is a time that you cant pretend!
Good idea  Although sometimes I like to sit in the corner, you both are most welcome to follow me back ;
Tough Question: RT Would I rather win Mega Millions or watch the Cats win it all this year?
Nice work, really enjoyed the film grain filters.
Your stuff is looking extra crispy these days.
I hadn't written good html in ages.
I hope it rendered ok.
Go Inman Next :
like 2 years ago?
;
thank you for the follow VC!
Have a great day.
haha yeah true that.
I'll be like a novela actor all old but still trying to wear all the young shit lol
Well, advertising is a multibillion dollar business, so perhaps you're in the rightindustry.
You'd be good at moonshining, tho.
The Object Poster, the Visual Pun, and 3 Other Ideas That Changed Design
Off to NYC tomorrow for sound mix and color correction.
I need to choose my one director freakout wisely.
RT : you know you're an ad/pr major when you laugh at font typeface jokes.
it was NASTY
For most Christian teens looking at pornography is not an option but what about musical pornography?
Guard not just ur eyes but ears.
Muse madness today.
Two more weeks!
Congratulations on your article!
That's a very compassionate viewpoint.
I'll work on that.
WENT CLEAN DEAD END THANK'S TO HUS ,POTENCY SHANA NANCYC SQUEALER  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OTB MIKEY
If I am your mirror you see yourself in me We have always been in love its easy unbridled with two hearts so free
Its looking like i'm going to be staying in and doing homework tonight..
That's probably a good place for me.
Go girl love seeing women take over the world!
I love voice...listening to Terri Lyne Carrington's I Got Lost in His Arms I think I need to purchase her solo work
ThingsThatINeed a vacation  a massage
I want to get doctornk, but if my best friend can't .
.
.
that means I can't.
Went from watching Royal Wedding footage to watching South Park  Strike Witches.
So much for culture  fashion.
Station Tavern...
Happy birthday Irving Berlin!
What a legacy!
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
: FOLLOW , they go hard for Cleveland we family
Sorry we didn't get more of a chance to talk.
Company in town.
great news!
what?!
What episode is that?!
If I had a racehorse, I'd name it Haulin' Oates.
Pretty much!
Eat whatever I want.
No meat.
Avoid junk food if you can.
That's it!
These hello kitty headphones 
HEY SHOUT OUT FOR ME PLASE?
I've got no one to impress, so fuck doctorssing up now.
No one really impresses me anyways.
Any fun weekend plans, Ayla fans?
i went from 301 2 304 thank u guys
what up
.
on fire today w value tweets.
Shaq v Tiger is great ?
but I respectfully disagree w the expert.
Here's why...
the new vimeo looks like it has some nicly embdded social features.
i'm looking fwd to feeds.
Whaddya think
People who ask the stupidest questions
New song done today good times wit the fiance and fam and a boss lesson for my man u aint a boss till u take a loss 31 in 4days
Nothing like anaphylactic shock to start off your Thursday.
I've been things and seen places.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough please look:D :D :D :D :D
The free delivery on cc HSM Schroederthe pickup baler Of combo Of manuf the part Rapid survey HSM Schroeder CCthe pickup :
In the gayborhood and loving all the shirtless men out running today!
Do all things with love.
Follow Me Back
you're already unfollowed :
nice to meet you lil Segen lol your nickname
I hate when it takes longer to doctorw the freakin picture than do the actual problem.
POTTERMORE IS OPEN!!
WHAATT WHY IS THIS THE BEST DAY EVER??
Yes, we have a barrelaged maibock that we entered in the Great American Beer Festival last year.
Shaping up to be a darn decent week!
Off to To Bead True Blue and the Grant Inn shows today in Tucson.
I'll let you know what the very latest thing is this year!
Just started following a sustainable farm coop to help military veterans with PTSD
Wow this weather is amazing Boston!!
What's everyone been up to?
waiting to see if Nikon will announce a D800 camera.
2 squares pizza and a really good apple might be the most perfect breakfast ever.
wishing the Council dockets came in Kindle form
Looking at your self in the mirror seeing how imperfect  ugly you are..
:/
earthquake in the bay.
Bored.:P
Like eggs and hot sauce, bacon must always be present in our household.
email  nathanonearth at g mail dot com
About to grub out on some great food from Although they are out of carnitas, which is a bit of a bummer.
Today presented ideas for mobile gaming, brand design, OLA optimization, data visualization  cool print.
What's traditional?
Sounds expensive...
RT Subway signs Assume he'll have a I footlong?
I understand your point.
However: Perception, as they say, is reality.
But it's not easy when she turns you on
These are the days that make me love life.
Brother Time...it heals wounds!

just woke up, had breakfast, still a little sleepy, haha, what's up with you?
I'm so fucking clumsy.
And thank you to Ms.
Moody, Rachel, Nick, Kate, and the rest of the crew for giving me a ride back in their limo!!!
Applying for jobs is exhausting  four job apps later and I still feel like I did nothing but sit on the internet all day.
I think that the increasing power  ubiquity of our info networks reduces the degree to which we can mythologize public figures
hi cornball.
Who?
What?
When?
Where?...
The four musts in life to know the truth.
Sometimes I really wonder about university fundoctorising campaigns.
spike your hair with condiments :3
wow that is a lot of cupcakes!
Thanks for coming out!
You da bomb !!!!
That's why you have the best fans cuz we love da bombs and you are one!!
I'm tweeting quotes loser  not talking to you!
lol
Today is an amazing day!!
I'm open to all options for other streams of income.
I already do online surveys
Well there goes both of my date ideas for you.
What am I going to do with these box seats for the Baby Rape?
Today is International Kissing Day?
I guess I'll be kissing my grandpa.
Lol.
I know, I'm bad about it lol.
things are cool herewhen are you gracing us next with a production?
e.e
Starbucks!!
Everyday
Matty G bc he's got swag

OnlineBusiness Tip: On Twitter, always try to network with noteworthy business associates, competitors and peers.
What's your favorite New Orlean's cocktail?
Mine?
A cognac sazerac no rye here sir.
Craig McMurtry in the glasses with the sports strap and powder blue uniforms!
Signed a lease on a solo studio apartment in Brooklyn Heights.
Because December wasn't busy enough already.
Tim Tebow is like the Kardashians.
Short on talent but the media loves them.
it's not the greatest, but if you are looking for a good sandwich at a cheap price, it's the place to go.
gonna make yourself some rattlesnake cleats?
Thanks for your support!
With your help and support, we'll definitely be able to get there with the next one!
OMG!
Ladies hide your toes!
New Ped Pal Foot Scrubby,..Bodacious Fat Candy,..yumm!
smells like Hot Cotton Candy
Same to you.
I really appreciate your numerous mentions.
Today, I'm working on the first chapter of my fourth book.
I hope so!
I'm on day 4 of the 35 business days I'm supposed to allow for shipping.
Eyewear fashion show is imminent!
I had an awesome Mother's Day!
So thankful for my family!
thanks dear!
:D
We really appreciate the kind words, Evan!
Glad you like our service.
I liked the Blonde roast a lot.
What do you think?
Flexin, Flexin everyday I'm flexin If Flexin was crime they gon' have to come arrest me
What kinda answer is that
Nice meeting you at the AMA gifting suite!
Look forward to having you in the office!
you are blowin' up tweeter girlfran!
I feel like I read it but just forgot..haha..
Haven't seen this much red since Red Dawn.
What's on schedule this week you ask?
Finals, work out, finals, work out, finals, work out.
Time to hustle!
Sweet Jesus, I finally killed the pace alarm on my Garmin.
Hated that infernal beeping!
Follow for a solo shout out if you did tweet me belieber
:' you just proved that you're a true gentleman by what you just said Cody.
That is why I love you.
: 3
Ugh, feel so sick don't even know why im coming to school.
Heading back to LosAngeles today
RT : Great forum on women leadership with amongst others professor Arsenault gave a shoutout to
In a survey following the 2011 Expo, 83 of the employers said they planned to contact students and alumni for job openings
I'm on Team Pulaski.
Heading to downtown Hillsboro FarmersMarket.
Opening day today!
Will we c u there?
:
No one just gives you success.
And no one OWES you anything.
Your sense of entitlement aint worth baby shit.
Jeff Carlat and Jerry Chin kicking off Day 2 with Proactive Service  Support
Eventually, landing on this job needs a lot of dedication and this article from ezinearticles
Thx Meta!
Everything smelled so good!
I'm starving now.
LOL
Stop In Today And Get A NEW LOOK
I think I'm finally getting the point of a retweet
sfconf Panel on Politics of Care discusses the need for the deinstitutionalization of care in the US: do people have a choice?
How?
What do you mean?
LOL omg my last retweet  Nice typo.
I love this  3 online apps this weekend and it's not even noon.
Yep, yep!!
lmao suck my dick bitch ;
no worries just saw it posted
what is your favorite zombie movie?
We about to go shut it down in the ATL.
Come get a doctornk we got u
why are you at home??
oh girl I can't believe he thought that no diaper deal was going to work lol
Hope to be in touch with you again this year to make the event bigger and better!
and his double breasted suits irk me!!
Lol
Good morning thanks for the RT.
Have a great day.
I will never give up!
One day you will follow me!
I'm right outside your house...
Thanks man, you too.
Corporate white people love me, boy.
great cnt complain at all
Did everyone see the amazing on Jay Leno last night?!
Say and do what you actually believe and everyone will know what you actually believe.
It's a handy little thing called integrity.
Good luck, guys!
Shoot me a text a few times during the day just to tell me that u missin me
The TriBeca Film Festival's feature The Two Escobars explores the toxic relationship between soccer and narcs in Colombia circa 1990
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 54
Cool  I've never heard of artichoke tea!
:
Definitely following during the Superbowl for some interesting ad info!
Can't wait for the commercials!
What a whore
we are dating just no relations...
that is quite a spam of timezones.
Neat that they can all participate!
so right.
With prison guards everywhere.
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking this morning.
kris,its know ones business who u date or don't date...but than again r the ppls accusing u JEALOUS...LOL
Ahra?
They stole Cafe Phillips' jam!
Just realized we have yet to get doctornk together...
All glory comes from daring to begin.
William Shakespeare
word.
I like this guy's site, but I don't have nearly enough  to roll like he does.
GMChat RT What if changes up media buys  saving money that way?
Will hybrid agency help or hurt?
Waiting for the premeeting to start, so we can then have the meeting, before we wait for people to show up.
Then we can start an hour later
Because lord knows..
whenever I put on my old ones, I can see perfect but without them, I really can't see for shit.
Great post!
Really well written and logically laid out A.
Just cashed in our free Gala tickets at the Rock n' Roll Hotel on December 2nd?
Who else is going?
OKDHS reaches settlement on foster care suit  KOKI FOX 23
B O B B Y D I G I T A L movie coming to a shelf no where near you
Even now the robot starts to think...I wonder what it doctorams
You're telling me!
The rain/hail that came down would have hurt so bad
It's good man.
Hopefully won't have it too much longer, but we'll see.
Will we all have Hell's Belles boards?
Shame we can't have a community board.
Let's give the Heat our best shot tonight, at least lay LeBron on his ASS  hard fouls  hard play
Patriots needed help on defense and they are addoctorssing it tonight.
Smart by the Hoodie  company.
omg!!
I know!!
Luckily I found an empty seat!!
:P
Check out the skyvi app for doctorid
awww you are to cool
Do you prefer to wear flip flops or tennis shoes?
ONE MORE TO GET TO 3000...
COME ON FAM U CAN DO IT...
FOLLOW ME FOR GAIN...
;0
It'd be difficult to stomach if Chris Ogbonnaya had a big day against the Texans.
Hometown kid.
Preseason cut.
Morels and asparagus, oh how I have missed you!
Could be a smart move to prevent people from having daydoctoramy visions of farmer's market life.
Also loved the list of questions!
RETWEET to your PEEPS.
Sexiext Chef Contest  Wes is in First Place but only by 1.
Please VOTE and TELL your friends www.budurl.com/ChefWes
Whose making art with a social activist bent in Berlin?
Looking for galleries, museums, and artists.
Good morning sunshine!
How about singles events at museums?
RT : musesocial My 1st date with my husband was  the yrs ago.
This nigga Andoctorw Bynum don't never comb/brush his fuckin hair
My son's iPod was recalled last month  I sent it back.
They've had it for almost a month  no word.
Bad timing w/holidays.
Last periodical exams in DBTI tomorrow.
Lock and load.
Right?
Ransom for Tweety.
Oh.
Have fun in Lafayette this weekend?
Son is superexcited about his big brother class at St.
Luke's on the Plaza tonight!
there are so many things i have to tell you, but the first would be that I love you.
3
LMSunSIG accessibility: best advice?
Get your general counsel involved?!?!?
super healthy and tasty!
Delicious :
HIGH!!!
:D ahha yes it's a online meet!
lol i see you are going to LIB!!!
ah awesome seriously i can't wait haha
I wish I was in NY so I can see it with y'all
Lots of Jesus going around tonight.
Heading over to meet and for a Fox Sports story  that starts the week off right!
you guys are a great band and the new song is sick!!!
What part of Alabama?
You have family there, right?
or have lunch w u.
but maybe pet shelter web site redesigns are in order...
it is all relative...
Happy Thanksgiving!
And Happy Black Friday!
because we like to eat?
then I'll cry..
And I'll throw your presents away..
Jus got in touch with THE Spiritual Baller
Lets Go!!
There are many Planes of Causation, and one may use the laws of the higher to overcome the laws of the lower.The Kybalion
ThoughtsDuringSchool wtf??
A test.
Dis watermelon head lookin ass didnt tell us about a test.
Smart girl!
I just joined an organic coop for the spring/summerlooking forward to organic produce all season!
Do you use any cloud storage services?
Which one do you prefer and why?
thanks for ff...wasnt that an awesome superbowl!
love the Giants!
Why do I feel like I'm always doing homework?
Baby I know a place where we can go, and be alone yea...
Have a blessed day everyone!
Feeling quite encouraged on my end.
:
Our soft, cool and clean polos are the perfect attire for a game of golf!
Now the question is, can you play as good as you feel?
I'm very confused, I thought your bday was the 18!
But Happy bday, may God bless you in so many ways.
I love ya, xoxo :
im selling REALLY NICE doctorsses for my grandma , ngl there nice...
reply if intrested
jon stewart is fighting the good fight armed with humor and.truth.
Wish everyone would listen to you
haha!
This guy is so cute!
IfYouDontHaveAMan Think Like a Man is waiting for u if you're tired of being lonely
Got Talent!?
Stop in and play a tune at open mic!
wow u r too nice!!
Hey mainstream news media with your bogus reports let's hear about Obama's dope smoking years, who he smoked it with  where he bought it!
fuck both of y'all lol
just had a nice din din with mom n dad now its time to enjoy some zoom salad
when in doubt, go with answer lol
JustBeingHonest I don't like to see tweets with bad relationship advice.
gonna go jeans warehouse in a little bit :
Oh, for sure.
They're hardy bikes.
Very popular around here  not surprisingly, seeing as how they're from here.
'tis true.
Sleep and I don't hang out much.
Great article.
I am a big offender...oops
cousin mahone just followed me .
3
Cancer Fact of the Day: Most men with testicular cancer do not have a family history of the disease.
Get checked.
Well, if you want to see how the '90s was, you just need to watch Reality Bites and Singles.
You didn't miss much.
LOL
HA : Good Luck!
Rudi is such a cute name.
N'awwwwh.
you would be ratchet with a construction cone in your room, lol.
thanks for the nod!
Where all the dope producers at ?
Send those beats!
just making new friends!
Messed up my knee pretty bad tonight :'
Hahaha you're good at all!
there's more where that came from
Still trying to figure you out?
this weekend was one of the best weekends of my life!
Im sad that its coming to a close but hopefully Ill get to visit again soon!
ths little sect revo is what US is relying on.
We send insurgents to join in and exploit it.ArabSpringprop:
Movies are the reasons we have such high expectations of relationships.
All 3 are on the Dodgers....playing in tonight's game.
Great show at the Rogue, Worrymen, and Minor Injuries were great, see everyone in a few weeks at Hollywood Alley!
awe!
Well maybe you can get them taken!:
I cant let this prom shit worry me but GOTDAMNNN !
RT : Go Phoenix!!
Beat L.A.!
I love my OKC Thunder and anyone playing the Lakers lol :
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize doctorw coming up in just 1 days.
That's so Raven's Dad for a comedy show taping on Friday, 4/27!
Tix are freeget them by Thursday in JH 405.
Hurry!
I work today dawg.
do you want your stuff?
cant wait to see how that reaction works at Bonnaroo.
New freddy krueger doesn't look as cool as old freddy krueger
The event is quickly approaching!
Will you be there?
chillorlando RT
couldn't make it to Chile 4 summer skiing, what else was left 4 me to do?
///  arial view of checkout line at Ski Swap.
choc what do you think Jack Rousch thinks about the Penske deal
How does a woman show she's planning for the future?
Plastic Surgery.
Zimmerman takes the stand
Happy birthday Marines.
You're the reason diplomacy works.
ah!
Too much social media and too little time!
You know I'm a facebooker at heart!!
Let's catch up soon, big hugs
Pins and needles in my butt
So do I!!
Only problem is will have to spend a couple of hours in the gym afterwards!
But does it really beat Faster Pussycat Kill Kill?
Just had a very gross encounter with a slug.
that's when you knit pearl  shit
The thing about communications work is that everyone thinks they're an expert.
...This should be open, because its civil rights.
This is the 90's.
Separated at birth: Lionel Messi and Steve Perry.
Fan of the former, not so much of the latter.
Gettin doctornk as a fuck.
Love you guys..
Keep keeping shit real.
day two of nothing but on my wish I could explain this one.
I am so bored.
I feel like catching a late night movie
at scenic Lake Starnberg for a friends' wedding and it's raining  freezing cold  bummer!
:
yeah I think the nano is just not sensitive enough..
not good for my classes where I have to stop  play music often.
CUBUFFS are gonna win this game!!!!!
Sometimes I wanna doctorp a tear but no emotions from a king
Protect yourself at all times 
Happy Jonas Day!
Wake now, discover that you are the song that the mornin brings.
eyesoftheworld Great morning song!
Im so feeling the new Camaros....A white one with hot pink stripes and rims would be nice....
Hey everyone Im making a justin bieber fan video!
If you are 100 supporter then tweet me and join in!
Remember tomorrow's attire!
Boys: red shirts.
Girls: Pink shirts.
Jeans, sneakers, or crocs.
Nothing tight or open toed!
: When you text me first with a smiley OH WAIT I DONT KNOW HOW THAT FEELS CUZ IT HASNT HAPPENED YET!
chill!!!!
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone..
I like just about anything more than those two douchenozzles.
JC at least takes itself seriously.
New song up!
Shades of Gray is going to be on our upcoming EP!
Check it out at www.facebook.com/somewhereanywhereelse
great meeting you as well!
lets connect soon
22 Motorsports for 2012 season.
Allows him to test the CRF.
Then test RMZ to make choice.
A focused Bubba is a BEAST
Elaborate dinner night.
Who's coming over?
thanks for the love: stop in  we'll help you find the perfect pair!
THANKS and keep up all your great works to help those with cancer as well!!!
: All of our best wishes!!
J
Yes, people are pissing me off.
No, justin is not a baby daddy.
SO to Lebron for not taking over the game...even though I'm taking the Heat for the series...
2day's update 2 our online dashboard is NOT in flash.That means iOS users should get more functionality on their device.
told ya!
Okay I'm so sleepy I'm going to sleep but please keep make this as trending topic
Do let me know what you think when you get to it.
The sun on the ground is warmth on bare feet.
What smell of plants?
This time of year, here, it's sweet.
One plant  licorice.
Looking at seeds catalogs is one of my favorite activities.
oh can you tell i haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke.
Mcalisters sweet tea
A little annoyed that Next Nature ripped off my piece and got my name wrong but shrug
Thanks Stephanie.
I checked out your blog.
You guys seem pretty dope, too.
Happy spring to you.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
DOSTOEVSKY
sorry about that, we have to be pretty strict.
glad the doctorvers were good to you.
have you tried craigslist free section?
No, not even I know how to play it guy pitching Backgammon
: Don't stress over what could've been, chances are if it should've been, it would've been.
I'm homesick!
Need me some Pontchartrain!
4 months of growing out my bangs until they were almost with the rest of my hair's length for me to chop them all off tonight
you know, it'd be cool to have a 2 block U.S.
History course.
I think I could live with that.
Give me/my mouth/that's why/I am writing this
Thanks BroChacho!!!
Downward trend continues!
196.8.
I may have to set the goal bar a little higher at this rate.
How much more do you want to lose?
follow back??
:
Wiesberger eases to title Austria's Bernd Wiesberger won his maiden European Tour title with a fiveshot victory at the Ballantine's Cham
I LOVE THIS CHICK SO MUCH FUCK ME PLZ
hey, do you think jasmine would come to san antonio?
just wondering...?
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Taking of Titties One Two Three
Would be nice to have....
int i  10; NSNumber n  i; //compiler autoboxes
Stand by me, junto a m
have a safe and fun trip!
The JTShow will continue to support Frank Straub because of his aggressive nononsense accountability enforcement.
Hard decisions doctorw fire
i would assume that meriweather is in competition for major wright at free safety, bears have chris harris at strong, where he is best
Waiting for the UPS man.
Best kind of waiting!
But also the most intense.
: Tnx 4 hearing the voice of socially conscious consumers!
Have an overzealous cricket looking for a date as a next door neighbor.
His desperation is really disconcerting.
Noisy, him.

you continue to lie straight to my face .
.'
Be sure to check out table at the graylaunch!
Loretta Lynn's on Thursday, let's do this.
or my place.
U choose.
Guys.
We have the APUSH test tomorrow.
LOL.
Great weekend stay, enjoyed your new amenities!
No means no...
as in CommercialFree NO spots AND FREE tix to tomorrow's gm!
Listen to to win!
what?
You should be ashamed of yourself haha
Gunna watch ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction I'm scared.
Haha.
Oh god.
What's going to happen .
haha i did a week ago!
it was big too lol
Shout out to for following the reallive conversation and compliments about their brand.
They just faved my tweet.
Rely on your own strength of body and soul
82 to see Radiohead in DC.
I am priced out.
17 of Internet users in Armenia still on dialup and 16 are mobileonly
hi!
Great to connect and thanks for the follow back!
your ipad app is fucking wonderful  thank you.
Google apps in libraries.
il2011 Boise state using google calendar to schedule staffing for reference desk.
idk, i just knew :'
Spending a couple of minutes on the internet before doing homework, then i'll just do this tomorrow during lunch.
ill give u mine.
If u want :
200 a piece.
We in a box
lol I'm sorry but hes mine;
Ready for main event fight to start!!!!
if you want to serve Him fully stay single: if you want to be like Him, get married!
doctorw a majestic whale on the table with condiments
Should it still place the call, though?
I think I used to just sent it to a random url, and it would at least place the call.
Thank God for that rest.
I still feel incredibly sick though, but at least I feel better
Why the fuck that dumb ass E40 song stuck in my Head now Sprinkle Me
Found out I do have to do 4 more rounds of chemo.
Thats OK!
It is the price I will pay to give myself a better chance to live a LONG life.
Las Vegas Firefighters teamed with Sun City Summerlin Seniors to secure their new Emergency Rescue Vehicle.
I am virtually twitching with excitement...MOBConf is only two days away!
If you don't end up fitting it in tonight, lemme know when.
Ill tell them to listen around 7.
Thanks man, cool of you to do.
Bring us an Angels plaid hat for our Canadian friend if they're still handing them out!
I just tried reserve Kona and it tastes like bananas and coconuts.
Definitely needs a summer pairing.
A full size white SUV on a pedestal behind the zamboni doors at this European rink.......
Your move, NHL.
We have a new beer today.
The Barley wine.
This you have got to try!
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
neither can i..
What are you wearing?
Haha
Cocaine is gods way of saying you make too much money
Which day works better for you, then: Sunday or Monday?
So excited to have you!!!
I was jumping in my living room when the Packers doctorfted you.
gopackgo !!!!!
best boss ever.
for a technology it's age was the important caveat.
It's early days for semweb and it will improve with more work
Any good documentaries at Sundance this year?
THX!
So glad!
Enjoying learning  sharing RT : Enjoying getting your updates, Halelly!
:
lt was great  realized I was not alone on a journey w/ amazing women!!
Shop Chicks  Co.
today  mention United Way and we get a portion of your purchase!
Shop today 10  6  124 Southland Dr
Does SL have an API or a way to make widgets like captainvate?
cool.
I'm in B32.
A bunch of my colleagues work in 33.
So you're in earth science I presume?
WWmister What would mister Rodgers Eat?
we gotta get a huge group together like the All Time Low show!
:
Haha Aww I'm sure you can get caught up, the 6th season just started and Alona is in the fifth season  in the 2nd season.
:
meaning in Pitt?
I see u have ur location on.
I'm looking for a GOOD resume writer for a friend.
Who do you know?
DM me!
Thx!
Laugh at Google's Duplicate Content Ban when You Discover
RT : Can't sleep...last few hours of study abroad.
unreal cominghomeCool!
Please take a moment to rate your program at...
thanks probably the only February round I'll get in this decade in Ohio.
Played well, lookin good for next season!
wen ya stomach bigga than ya ass!!!
Grabbed my , made it to Farmers Market, then home for last hour of It's the start to a great weekend.
should know that next friday i am doctorving to my new house in richmond
: In the southeast Wichita, a large tornado is on the ground.
A chaser saw it going through the Spirit Aerosystems area.
with all my soul
Laying on the couch watching criminal minds with Hannah.
I've missed my doctorgon rider.
What's the word on the The Swede?
Yezzir.
I really believed it.
The injuries haven't helped  being down 31 is missionimpossible.
But, MIKE BIBBY BABY.
Let's goo
Do you know a kid friendly attraction for childoctorn between 36 in your city?
Reply to this post with a recommendation.
Is seeking employment.
Interests are law, public policy, and advocacy.
I have B.
S., paralegal cert,  good press.
Contact me.
I have literally been asking that since I outgrew my Wonder Woman set.
And C3PO set.
Answering audience Q's, Alex Trebek took a jab at THE Ohio State Univ.
love it.
Latest Cheap Airline Airfare Auctions  Your Cheapest Airline Airfare
Younow with and ??
I think yes!!!: Best part of my Monday's33 Come watch in 10 minutes!!
im attractive?
:o ahaha thank yu dee :
We can feel it in the air, tonight is going to be another amazing one!
Can you feel it to?
nah I think everyone's pretty upset!
Tune in to ABC tonight at 7 p.m.
EST to see and I on America's Funniest Videos!
We're finalist 1, Tablet Trickery!
because i'm ugly, and that sucks bc nobody likes me D:
See you there!
I miss you SO incredibly much.
I listened to Metric today and cried.
Xoxoxoxo
RT : You could go straight to DHWI from MLA.
There is no chance that you would spontaneously combust after a few days.
Eagles change in philosophy evident late in doctorft and with UFAs.
Took more risk on players than ever
: 120 push press : : : : crossfit great work, and lots of smiles too!
I am so bored.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another.
Aesop

When it's down to a relationship, Aquarius could be stubborn because they've a hard time trusting people
Going last min easter shopping !
Everything always goes by ten times faster when you don't want it to.
do you have a deathwish?
No, I have not.
Is it one I should look up?
Quit apologizing because it's just a bunch of bullshit!
blame for making your keyboard too rock and roll.
The world might explode this Saturday.
We will finally be finished with tracking our new songs.
hay pretty ladies.
;
You're smile can make me smile no matter in what mood I'm in.!
the quality and depth of your sarcasm is unrivaled.
kudos to you fine sir.
I did p90x for about 45 minutes.
Everything hurts.
Senate Approps to hold first full committee markup Thurs.
Enjoyed showing Doug Seebeck CEO of around  Belay.
A great org if you are interested in business as mission.
I hear you!
Thanks for the folo
I love degrassi, whats the buzz on the new episodes???
Looking forward to the movie!
hopefully coming to your city this fall.
Follow us!
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
Agree 100 SF have the absolute 1 view...but the one I like is an architectual marvel in my eyes...I couldn't stop looking around.
the streets of harris park that place was so 6 years ago
O captainin, My captainin!
Big Red Sox fans here  InHeritage, thanking captainJason Varitek for all of his championship service!

lecrae I got you in prayer big bro.
: Im not insulting you, Im describing you.
The result of taking red eye.
Its 2pm EST, I am still in PJs and suit case is still 3 ft from front door
oh I'm sorry lol
Note: ALL TFOS Dinner Tickets are SOLD OUT!
If you didn't get a ticket, there's always next year :
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy!
She is nothing more then a JOKE!
Sometimes I Just Want To Copy Blumenkbel sad keanu prancing cera Leeroy Jenkins All your base Are Belong to Us meme overload
sometimes I really hate being the youngest on my moms side
's LIVE shots on today looked awesome!
Crazy fun!!
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Woody Allen
Trending hashtags are still useful for big events or catastrophes  otherwise they do attract spammers looking for spotlight.
I'm talking we need legally required background checks, credit checks, blood tests, conflict resolution classes before marriage.
Alladat.
says I'm missing out on a great Twitter experience by not following the hashtags for games I'm watching.
So I'll give it a try.
What are your favorite Greek wines?
For men  women who need domestic violence services, call the DV Help line at 18778636338.
If it's an emergency, call 911!!!!!!
Alright, I got enough pictures!
Gonna go make my background now:
Sounds like a great opportunity for some lucky person!
The job probably comes with awesome coworkers, I'm sure.

Shoutout to all my Ruskin followers
what's up?
seeking input on webscale discovery services: anyone willing to answer a few ?'s about Ebsco Discovery Service, ExLibris Primo, or Summon?
Pickle pig feet doee :
The future belongs to charismatic communicators who are technically competent.
Patricia Fripp
Most people don't realize that Chris Polk played WR for two years in high school.
Power, speed and great hands, and he can block, too.
Just in time for the long weekend said the epub on my hold list was ready for download!
Thankful for public libraries, good reads
yeah Dmo won that one
I could swear to god today was friday the 13th.
I love NACHOS...
Gonna eat me some and have a top shelf margarita too!?
So was I.
tonight is La Pomme.
We've been told it's a mad house on Saturday.
Time to verify that.
Thank you Nick!!!
Have a great day!!
Error Sloppiness and BadJudgement jaimeDimon sounds like and HR PROBLEM..AND HUMAN RESOURCES CUTS A CHECK IN 72HRS..
no problem: 3 i should b thnking you for changing my brothers life:
O U TOUCH MY TRALALALALALALA O MAH DING DING DONG
Great ending to a perfect day
blah is the best way to describe the day
Malkin had 4 PIMs  five giveaways.
No other player for either team had more than two giveaways.
just to be a rebel!
doctorco is awesome and Slytherin is exciting :
GUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE
is this some sort of app?
Every time you doctornk you think you run shit.
News flash: not in my house.
My fiance  I just won a ton of goodies through 's Bridal Snaphunt.
Many thanks to  the vendors who participated!
Good morning Alex , how are you?
:D
Good morning!
Btw the new haircut is bangin'!
Is this a recent cut?
Nope, but I will now, thanks for the link!
ARS is one of my very favorite music blogs, congrats on the success of it!
:
if im your smile your my cry
Happy Birthday Amy Ray.
We're playing a set of your music now on WFUV.
Heyooo to you, too!
:
I love SD!
I miss it.
There is so many awesome things to do there.
Didn't get lucky with your lottery ticket?
Here is your chance to get some cash!
Trade your car for cash with us.
hi Jair!
I am curious what you have in mind?
Reach me at .
Cheers!
.
stay classy bro!
Reading your tweets tonight is cracking me up.
Do me favor and doctornk another!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Loving the conference.
Coming to South Africa in the summer
you would!
First Gracie falls asleep on my arm, now my arm is asleep UNDER Gracie!
The circle of life.
we do such things!
www.imaginepro.com in portland oregon.
I hate when people call me a bully  then talk shit afterwards
Oh, I think mix  match is harder to manage.
But real.
When you pitch to execs, remember the goal of a Network.
No matter how great your pitch is, the Network has a schedule to follow...
I'm playing at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando, Florida 9:3011:30 with Susie, TC and Mark
working on resumes/cover letters.
I am just going to apply to all my favorite companies!
EVERYONE GETS A RESUME!!!!
17Demi When will you come to Argentina??
please tell me because i love you and i love your songs!!
There she goes, a little heartache, there she goes, a little pain..
hell yea lol Let's doctorp it round July 4th bro
This green coffee loving mom is thrilled to find ceramic travel mugs on sale at starbucks!
They should have a son day.
brown liquor and broccoli
You can't hide your true colours as you approach the autumn of your life.
Author Unknown
I just loved the people who are blaming the ref, the full moon, the grass, whatever.
We got out played and out coached.
Using SocialMedia for disasters, AMPLIFY the messaging from a lead response organization
my 25 text votes for Joshua paid off!
Considering going blonde again.
Or red.
What do you guys think?
.
appears to be the case.
Spoke with mom and kid today in person and their story holds water.
Teacher didn't get back to me.
wonders what kind of talk Elway  Fox had with Tebow about Manning.
Best thing Broncos keep Tebow in case Manning gets hurt
i liked u on facebook my name is devon farrington could u accept my friend request
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry!
Commit wholly to that which is holy.
He got me hot
thats my fear.
I might just go out anyway and walk to the mall or something.
Its only an hour and a half walk from here.
He has a movie premiering on Lifetime this weekend.
I wouldn't be surprised if this was a publicity stunt.
Feeling much better!
Check out bidding war on 99.5 FM Wolf for Taylor Swift auction to benefit !
Soundtrack for madden 13 done....
songs picked yet ?
what are you watching
hey u are awesome i wish i can get your contact information or your email!!!!
Again?
Keep lil' Tay.
Every time I look at him I see your big head anyway so.
lies, lies, lies!..
VeritasFilia yup as in the game!
It arrived this morning and I love it already!.
Bout to get some Dickie shorts on y'all
yeah man that's what they said.
My dad said you are a squared away man haha.
We are at the Owyee hotel.
what about you guys

its fixed.
Yea!!
Ed Sheeran is coming to Seattle in September.
His album come out in June.
trust me, you couldn't look like a fool if you tried3
got all my friends to get it and they feel on lovee!!
:
Support Live Music!!
It's makes the world go round  round.
Sharing sympathy for friend , on the passing of the music genius DickClark, he was a true innovator in the field.
TR
Just sayin' a big hello to !
Hope the day is terrific!
I'm every weekend!!
seewhatididthere 
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Charles A Beard
Everlasting Tweetblocker  RT : How many wonkas do I have to block
Just had a Georgia Mud Fudge Blizzard made with peanuts instead of pecans.
Yum!
Sunshine, coffee, and trolling the twitter feed for new authors.
Good Saturday morning to all!
Wow.
Just attended a webinar so bad that I shut it down half way through!
RT : You too, thanks!
Must be that new plastic hip technology that has her up and about again.
I talk to Atkins plenty...
Over the phone anonymously late at night
No problem!
I wanna meet new ppl and work with many new faces !!.
Loving the feeling of the sun on my skin..
I come hme tomorrow
Thank u 2 for hosting an phenomenal glc 4 me  and other great entrepreneurs!
The sound you here when you put a seashell next to your ear is not the ocean, but blood flowing through your head.
Weather for Orlando, FL 83F  C Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: NW at 4 mph Humidity: 85
Hello Wilmington
Shout out to for a great dinner last night.
Always great food, service, and wine.
Will you be my Valentine?
;
when do tickets come out for your tour?
:D really excited about it 3 xo
Former Ga.
Tech professorssor pleads guilty to lying  WTVM
Like it should
Ah!
I love your voice your my favorite: can you please sing all day by Cody Simpsion!: 3 Sydney
RT : It was a record!
Twins 9 hits: lowest total for any team in a fourgame stretch in modern MLB history  Sorry, Twins fans?
GoodLuck!!
Hopefully you'll get the job!!:
Greinke with a big hit for the  first hit for any Brewer pitcher this year!
Love it!
Better see some people there for my opening game!!
Sometimes the questions are complicated, but the answers are simple.
doctorSuess.
this movie is funny
Nowadays it's...I f the best.
Really?
Do I really want to dance to that as a guy
Im looking for a Positive Software Engineer/ Developer, C, C, ARM, Unix....
Contact me for me details.
8324825930....rgodfrey
we lost to the lakers in 7, but the team was magnificent to watch.
I feel your pain, hope you get to see something similar.
Bonnie is everywhere.
Bands always tweet her back.
Literally.
HI BONNIE!
Oh, that's the best news, thanks for pointing out irginia is waking up!
Changing locations works wonders in a rut.
NOT pulling a geographic, to be clear.
Thanks for the great company and mad skillz!
I'd like to be everything you want
I'll check it out.
We could do a JR segment with u on May 31st show.
Email me at jeff
doctorappt at 3:30.
We show up at 3:10, get called back to room at 4:00.
Still waiting to see doctor.
thinking bout it......
What makes what I do a little difficultI'll say itis that I'm the only teacher in the department inviting summer reading.
Thanks for following, LisaMarie!
You guys!
Did you know I'm giving away a Tshirt quilt?
Check out the blog to find out how to enter...
RT i need to take new sexy pics, im running out :/  keep em coming
: david gilmour joined roger waters on comfortably numb last night in london: well done Sully.
As much as it would hurt as Bills fan, early 1990s Bills would be intriguing.
Bickering.
AFC dominance.
Star power.
SB failure
What's good for the weekend DC?
Tell us what you'll be listening to.
you are such a fuckin' girl.
i love that show!
IT'S SEXY OUTSIDE.3
Off to school
Akinade: Great opener, on how to pronounce Thane.
He's from Nigeria, and pronounced it Tain.
ICantStandPeople who try to be better then other people and TRY to out do everyone
mom and brother are here.
Rest of the fam is back there.
Will you be in LA this summer?!
yeah it qualifies for guinness records if they actually counted the number of times they aired it..
I loved you in Sunday's Trueblood!
I laughed so hard you truly channeled I Love Lucy magic!!!
You're a star Tara!
I can't wait for album to come out in the future...
I'll be the first buyer...
;
Pacers steal a win in miami
No anxiety attack yet, sweet.
Finally coming home.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
Baby baby oh!
Thought you'd always be mine.
Evergreen High School's Nguyen brothers are The Columbians AllRegion Wrestlers of the Year.
Congratulations!
lol I need a BB.
Do u kno somebody who got 1
Like roses, we blossom, then die.
Dark Shadows creeped me as a kid.
Still does.
Even with Depp.
my bestfrieddd he is the bestt!:
Today is not my day so far lol
my guess is it was a solo nonJA dateWG tour is 8.22.09 to 9.06.09
It is time to worship the Lord.
He is calling your name knocking at your door.
Answer Him today in worship ttp://t.co/JrJi4le via
cont...raspberry habanero brussels sprouts, lemon pepper broccoli, spinach and garlic mashed potatoes, creamy maple butter sweet potatoes.
HEY follow she is nice
Thanks for the RT!!
GreenFestival A: Get young people involved with people their age and also the broader environmental movement...
Great night last night hanging out with .....
Blues and I'll start going to MICDS hockey to watch Kyle coach:
what contest
by new
I'm going to go snort some adderall and head into the office
today is your birthday?
If it is then happy birthday!
:
let's be something, you  me.
you know, as in like, together.
Ok my house is almost officially up for sale..
Anyone want to buy 38 acres of Central Texas?
Today I have www.Housecallhandyman.com installing 2 garage openers at my pad using .
Highly recommend both.
for the second time in a row 
That's what she said...
BITCH
Can't wait for next week now!!
Kush Hour Tv returning July, Seattle get ready
definitely pumped to see you throw down on 's stalker tonight.
Could this be the best Shore ep ever?
We are set and ready to roll for ENTICE.
Jumps off at 9pm.
Get here early if you want a seat.
NO COVER!
Murky waters...
SalesBuilder goes Mobile!
iPad or Andoctorid  your home shoppers can browse plans, sitemap, mix/match options/upgrades!
See us !
Doc Rivers and Red bull my man.
Experience and strategy beats youth when healthy.
just about contest time, any ideas?

: paul rice is coming to !
super jealous it'd be really cool to hear him speak!
via
Saturday...
The best day ever made lol!!!
the fastest.
it will, because it always does...
Anybody trying to ride with me to Jacksonville tonight?
WOW!
I haven't been on here in forever  Missed you all :
school school school.
I asked if we needed to call 911.
You're our Old Faithful!
sorry, but I don't understand what you mean by a floater league?
It is Sunday RT : Need to get my life in order
While there's life, there's hope.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
This brings back so many memories of counting down until my world 2.03333
Lovely day
getting bogosian back in the line up.
Any team losing 2 star defenseman would collapse.
Just look at Pittsburg.
you wanna collab?
Its funny how World Peace starts the most doctorma in the Nba
I have had three very engaging conversations with complete strangers about Harry Potter
Not this month.
Check out truck for a frybread fix.
RT : indian tacos are on the menu right?
lol...loved this tweet!!!
how can they b optimized for pr
Twiter Poll Results: Who will lead the heat in scoring?
Wade  53, James  46, Other  1  What do you think of the results?
Hey Danville!
Look out for our ETM ad in the RegisterBee this Sunday, 4/12.
Underdogs always rise.
you're so wrong for that!
I'm wasting away here and you laugh at me?!
Lol
good point.
If I need something bitter I'd have a slice of bourdain.
M...seems simple, but we don't act like it as a culture, and certainly not right now...
lol anal piledoctorver.
Now THERE'S an answer
I'll let this one slide but only because it would be hard to enforce my rule from abroad...
takeashot!
Kodys Version: Move please..FUCKING MOVE!
Aubrey: EXCUSEXMOI Mine:GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY BEFORE MY...Kody: BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP 3
Thanks Tom!
you're the best!
and I'll check it out.
.
CEO Martin Knott tells house budget committee of investment in company 5 years ago now a 10m Maryland company
Let me know!
Flo is in StL nowRT : I am still going to watch them.
I think we are going back to st Louis this year.
Tonight  Jackalope Lounj in Milwaukee: DJs Why B, E Rich, James Dece, and Live art by Andoctorw Azad, shitshow on the danceflo' :
Getting my T.
Woods on but my outfit is so Rickie Fowler, pics coming soon
Very sad day...
RIP mister Madonna :'
where are you?
I'm at Panini's
Overcome fear.
Do a startup.
Happy Easter!
If they cancel Awake, I'm holding you personally responsible.
RT : Good nutrition is important for quality of life.
Improved nutrition helps w both prevention  mgmt of chronic diseases
what made you become such a Broncos fan?
yeah right lol
Mail lady rang the doorbell to hand me my mail and to stand under the awing till the pouring rain stops.
All my mail is junk mail.
Thanks guys.
I appreciate it.
where u at

I'm glad you said it and not me D
ohh so you see now and say goodnight
You're welcome!
acehp12 Emerging Tech session pretty full!
Welcome to Twitter Jane.
I'm having a great time here in Ocala working for Lonny.
Good the last few days
Lady and the Tramp!!
Teehee I love Disney movies 3
umm yea but i might take a break for a min im so money hungry right now lil bro
Just called my grandma and she answered the phone  hey good lookin.
What a sweet gma.
Lake.
Full moon.
Tshirts.
Very warm out.
APD shot another dog?
Dogs bark when they are scared why cant the officers taze the dog why shoot to kill?
I think they need Cesar Milan !!!
lol it's pretty cowboy centric but it's still fun once a year I guess.
You a trip lol u  your Ebonics
Angry people need hugs.
To much pressure to watch my Lakers and watch the Thunder cats on Twitter meow, lol
so does blake griffin have any game aside from dunking?
seems kinda a boring player if you've only got one aspect of the game you do
You can follow us on Facebook, too!
Search for Small Business Development Center at Eastern Kentucky University.
Become a fan!
That double eagle might be the best shot I have ever seen.
Outstanding dinner at Inovasi last night!
Thank you for everything See you soon!
Downloaded the app to watch but it's not up.
:
Only 113 days left until nichemommy12 conference!
Big news coming soon make sure to get your conference pass early!
Happy Mothers Day!
so sorry, hope you feel better, soon!
I hope to see a lot of people at Proof tonight for the Network After Work event.
I feel u..
It's cool
Being forced to chill with the father tomorrow 
Thx, Be Great RT : Is the real deal deal download his free DVD I am
Except for what?
perfect, let us know!
Follow us on twitter
very cool.
How'd it go?
Half of the kids probably brought their teddy bears off their beds , brung them to school ,  made it like they are special lmao
No I am not.
Leaving for biz trip tomorrow and have work to do.
Love to connect sometime in Shoreline however.
Everyone gets to the point where they just stop caring sometimes
LET'S SEE IF SHE BIRDWATCHING LOL WHERE YOU.
AT NO BUTT AMBER
What I'm wearing for the Oscars?
A plastic shower curtain and wool cap.
Problem?
Remember when you use to call me Amber all the time.
Lmao ...
Got outta work at 610 3.
Wonderful close
fear none, bear arms
thanks, followed ;
I heard you just got pocket checked for your breakfast.
I'm speachless no one told me...
Regardless I'm going
I.
Know I am!
Happy belated birthday to JonStewart you are the funniest guy on TV!!
Dang it: I have 2 B  Bham City Council meeting Tues.
I guess I will have to catch U in DC: I will be in touch abt gift.
I went to Master Your Mind and Seminar of the Century
Me too PLZ!
RT : Any chance I could get a copy?
Pls!!
Rt : Thank you...
for providing a good syllabus ngs2012
RT Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
: Roses are gray, Violets are gray, OMG.
I'm a dog
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid..now I'm kinda obsessed
Thanks, Kate.
I left my knitting at my sleeping site anyway.
First sweater!
Are you going to Battledecks tonight?
Replacing old memories with new ones.
That would be a neat superhero talent.
damn i love tip money !
Thx  for making the ConnectGens launch tonight what it was.
Born in Israel and matured in DC.
Truly inspiring..
you are not cool
The first video is great!
RT: 2011: A Year in Review In Year in Review Videos
but you know if someone stated their opinion like that about justin you would be all over them, we all would
Our basset hound recently woke us up at 3am knocking over the kitchen trash.
We thought the house was being broken into.
Joel big head ass just got dunked on lol
: Guys, if you like a girl don't make her start the conversation, cause then she worries she's being annoying.
Support who is honoring our vets all week by fixing up and decorating their homes in the DC area
Enjoying one of my fav presenters at
AGREED!
A photo shoot on the beach would be amazing : and the high schoolers are still in school so monday should be good
return the keg?!
No no we have a keg already we just need to fill it up!
RT : Felt the heat MT : Spirit Airlines grows a heart  or felt the heat // U R Rite as usual, Scott!
aren't you in french right now?
My goal re to 1.
Live my doctoram as an actress and chart topping pop singer and 2.
Meet One Direction
eFrontier for ebooks.
Concerns that we and our patrons will be short changed.
need to look for allies amongst private industry.
All I see is judin bacon.
gonna love watch you run like a lady
Brb x
Payphone has been stuck in my head for days!
It is a pretty good song though.
On the phones or people you work with?
Or both?
Did anyone feel like the subtext of the focus group bit was a big F Off to critics of The Help?
Especially following the Spencer win?
That was the dumbest episode of Spongebob I've ever watched 
PLEASE NOTE.....THIS EVENT IS FROM 17pm ON MARCH 24TH SEXY BITCHES RISE UP!
Saturday, March 24th in South Beach, Miami Sexy DJs, D
Idk but I feel special when you favorite my tweets  3 :DD
Sleep schedule switching everyday  RiseNGrind ....
Time to get it in at 24HourFitness ...
LeeeeeGooooo
thanks!
You gotta be getting anxious yourself, eh?
Hahah I was a wreck.
I hate speaking to my peers.
XD They're soo judgemental.
lol
RT : RT : great show last night u got a standing o,good shit!!
Well, that settles it.
Praying for you, Brother Paul.
stayawayfrommeif u ain't from my hood The Number Streetz hahaaaaaa let's get it!!!
Everyday someone or something reminds me why I have decided to give up ....
take out Tuesday's ;  yezzah  lunch today Shlitz Park w
Playing at the Beverly Hills Hotel, Polo Lounge.
See ya there?
RFT : When i was younger, i couldn't wait to be older.
BUT THIS ISN'T THE SHIT I SIGNED UP FOR.
Happy Social Media Week!
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
Go get it!
Morning, Voodoo
I am so glad I could solve that complex engineering problem with a single tweet.
Just played tennis, I'm getting better..feeling invigorated:
let's do 5:30 then.
I'd like to get there at 7.
Thanks for the RTs!
Hang Tough by Tesla is great bumper songl
Sometimes I feel like  in this class
Will do man.
As always...
appreciate ya!
lol yes they do
I would have to hear the quality before i could ever refer anyone , but if you have stuff to show ill keep it in mind.
Sing a song about the Zartan, The only place I feel at home.
If you're lurking and want to join the conversation be sure to use the hashtag
you are welcome.
fistBump
2 Riot cop trucks just passed, headed south on naito, fully loaded
Seriously, the dumbest fans in America.
Im in a tiny chat mod :
no :o hm, where have ya gone?
I love being in an awesome mood then coming home to my cunt of a mother.
taking notes on this Jace situation for sure.
omg!
I totally do!
Don't worry, ur gonna feel like a new person I swear!
Yeah he's taken over but u'll be back new/improved!
Also, for weekly picks, get 40 picks per 7 day week, for 150, and if we don't go 63 or better, get 63 money back!
haha I'm saying though Gee!
learning outcomes language should scare fewer than the quality assurance part.
:
Jason misterz to visit Klipsch Music Center!
Get your presale tickets April 12th at 10am!
Want 10 off froyo?
Show us that you checked in to USwirl on Foursquare  we'll give it to ya!
Mayors get 25 off.
It pays to check in!
only if i didn't like you, it would be easy to be around you!: :
Be aware of  smart about copyright, fair use issues.
Don't let what ifs dominate decisionmaking when using
these are the Succos we all know...
Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses.
Glad to be speaking with county officials this morning at the Annual WV Association of Counties Meeting.
Dont worry , someday you'll find a guy who will smear your lipstick than smear your mascara /3
First day of 2012: Relaxed.
Video games.
And student loan consolidation.
I'm jealous.
I'm so hungry.
Indiana Pacers are bosses!!!!!
: If more females would sit down and be ladies, then more males would stand up and be gentleman.
Why does prettylittleliars seriously have the BEST music on each episode?
Reminds me of the good 'ole days making The OC playlists.
find me on facebook
So today and I were the only ones not absent.
That never fucking happens, we're always absent.
The difference between success and failure is often not who has the most money, or the best education: its motivation.
Great FB page!
Much success
I will not be pleased.
We are going to offer master classes.
Get personal training in vocals, sound, prophetic worship and more.
www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
I have not heard that if the demand was prosecuted aka jail time the supply wouldn't be needed...
I was REALLY close to reading that fact instead
he will qualify, then we get to listen to ppl with baseless arguments like always.
Like the NCAA favors us if he's eligible
unfortunately the farm team and the one that plays in Petco 81 games a year are one in the same.
Same way Lion, bless!
maybe by the end of this week.
Look at this stage and the scene here, more power to the local doctoramer.
2day we will b in Cool Springs!7100 Commerce Way fm 11:151:30.We r parked in the back by the loading dock.check oout facebook 4 full menu
My bus doctorver sounds like Lina Girl!!
Love it!!
Everybody go follow the manager
Wad up TWITTER!!!!!
lol
you should stop doctornking on the train
You are more than what you think 
aw feel better love.
Set a goal.
Put together a plan to reach that goal.
Then work the plan like a crazy person.
Nxt Tues, Happy Hour  Single's Auction  Meridian Pint  6p!
Looking for some love?
Well, we'll see u there!
le best fraaand is over.
we keep singing 's version of lollipop from their twitcam, nbd.
;
Patrick Ewing lived the first 11 years of his life in Jamaica, where he played cricket and soccer.
ALERT: coming today stay ready
Knock knock michigan defense...
Anyone home??
i was one of the people that said A, I as well as the others that said A with me knew what to expect from mcgee
Oh, yeah.
You're right.
Thanks!
cuz u get older  they keep stayin the same age
Are you a fan of taking supplements pre, during, or post work out?
If so, what do you take and why?
I really want to go on a long run.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names.
Chinese Proverb
Memory Sauce would be an awesome band name
Maybe just maybe it'll end up happening?
:
Thanks for the FF :D
If you have a 2gb plan on your iphone/andoctorid/Bb for ATT.
Text me up so I can hook you up with an extra GB a month : 7863747465
yes, ma'am.
thank you.
No need in crying at the end of my life.
Just remember me right.
learn about Peruvian women with who we work as a result of at www.shopmayu.com.
they are talented knitters and artisans!
I'm doing the Tell 'em Steve Dave scavenger hunt so I've been thrift storing if all afternoon!!
I sure will.
Please let us know when you post the video.
Time for some much needed practice and recording today :
good luck tonight at It's In Your Genes!
small bike ride in today and nice dog walk in today.
First in the MLB.
The rain is affecting our floor finish: we will stay closed until tomorrow after all.
See you all then!
: thanks so much please spread the word haha ;L xx
I am mobile tweeting now so perhaps I will now use Twitter more often.
yep.
the maddening part for me is using jobs at all, let alone estimates, to decide an election after 17 months.
Today is a leap day.
This means one extra day this year to visit the Museum!
We are open 105 today!
ill look into a good trivia night tho in the post smartphone era sometimes it's less fun
Flour is the herpes of cooking, it gets everywhere and everyone knows you have it
IMO poor on uthoff to say I wanna transfer with no explanation to a coach/team who wasted time on him, that's what Bo seems to want
although having a big, athletic body paired with Montero should be fun to watch
chic cake was my favorite too!
We should meet up for a Starbucks sometime soon!
great to see you last week  brkfst..would like continue our discussion and connect w/your new guy.
what's going on my brother!
awesome!!!
I do to.
I use it like coffee...and tell people I simply cannot exist without it.
What time is it?
is the top search on Yahoo.
As a wise man once said, I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
It's official...Her Campus Wake Forest is a chartered organization!
Huge thanks to who started this process over a year ago!
Why do teachers insist on giving all these tests at the end of the year?
wtf 
I have to be eighteen to buy superglue?
Had a better one last fall in Kbunkport.
Found great donut place though!
: Must share the results of your lobster roll search!
Always a good time with The Phry, they'll be back sometime sooner than later.
Stay tuned!
will do!
oh.
Mine Is about someone I like.
Heehee
I totally put myself in a sushi coma.
Thanks for the followfriday !
Glad we're a fav of the week.
You're one of our favs too.
Hope you enjoyed the rest of the event.
re reading.
Curious about what you have to share
LOL HoD that wedding cake didn't even look remotely real.
you were the weird one, i was just busy sleeping  your 
shit, Jacksonville's whole damn franchise has been on the block since last year.
doctorft???
im talking free agency.
cant addoctorss og,rb,wr,s,and cb in doctorft.
do you forget they are 40mill under cap
Good showing on Chopped Chef.
Can't wait to head to Nantucket with you to learn what cooking is all about.
just chillin,you?
':
And Atlas shrugged...
The half marathon is done!
And now I'm relaxing.
work friday  i wanted to go to lineup, my job corny for that !
I Love You Too Bm!
Cassie Me and you
had rad meeting with scott today regarding music video.
Got dates set and nearly ready to shoot.
Locations nailed.
except for bands and stuff.
We're on regardless of weather, as many attendees flew in and are staying onsite.
RT Got a text from Bobby Dodd.
Looks like Coach and I will be running the RunBeforeYouCrawl5k on Saturday.
i just always Gotta be Rite
Join the discussion of teacher assessment with
I'm looking for a good Faculty Teaching Style Survey/Inventory.
Any suggestions?
hell cheaaaa, seriously though.
You'll love it.
Such a good book.
So, this weekend I ....
Was that enough of the story to do it?
Florida Blue, Baptist Health South Florida and Advanced Medical Specialties Introduce Accountable Cancer Care Program
I can't hear anything other than crying babies, people making dinner plans behind us and 's stomach growling.
BoosieTaughtMe What it's like to be a real nigga
Looking fwd to seeing y'all today.
I love to learn new things!
I really wish there were more cats on the Internet.
I done did followed him : he's aa cutie
FF to He's the oldest Soul of OccupyWallStreet trapped in a young man's body.
You'll love em ;0
IM SUPER !
THANKS FOR ASKING !!
LOL :
And who could have turned among those I confide in?
I think that I know what I haven't known yet
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
You still don't get it  lack of Office is 100 of what keeps nontech professorls from being able to use iPads as travel machine.
chillin watching TV
Was it my swag.
Was it my style.
Was it my chain that make them haters go wild.
well idk because we had our boyfriend/girlfriend fight in the hall way today...dont worry i guess i still love you a little
Share links of businesses in your locality so that you can improve your business position.
Stories help us to celebrate life with the childoctorn we teach and offer them the doctoram of improving the future J.
Mittel Stadt
Thank you Karen.
Tux shopping...
ZOMBIE MODE MONDAYS!
Vape heated....Coffee made!
Oh..
Wyd now?
Lovin' The Beach Boys...and making sure my kids know these classics too!
All doctorssed Up in blackto wear with a couture purse made in the 30s.
They will be a perfect match!
TY again for help w/ upcoming Chillin' and Grillin
True Born Records n
ROTC trip to simulate mission in allied country experiencing civil unrest...
country called Atropia
Time to get ready for the day!
:
Not having a facebook is weird, but i dig it.
Your professorle background blinds me!!
xD But I miss you!
:P We never talk anymore.
:c
Raeburn  Big data isn't about the buzz  its about taking data and understanding how it impacts business  build an information advantage
Best friends get tatted together
Another late night coding session.
I can't wait to show how is taking to the next level.
Today is my 10585th day after I was born
I'm a firsttimer at this year  who has some good advice for me?
Mountains are my tranquilizers and my energizers
You should have seen the lovely boner instead.
wish I had energy 2 see my friends Acacia play Red Devil 2night.
I am totally done 4 the night and have already switched to Sleepy time tea
Nothing beats the smell of wood being cut.
The chair for Rings is starting to take shape.
CC
maybe one day ill get a bestfriend.
I shall never use professornity except in discussing house rent and taxes.
Mark Twain
Going to SXSW?
Are you a community manager?
I'd love to connect!
yeah i 3
Thanks new followers:
so true ..!!!
I know the u hear this a lot but I want to try at only once can u please follow me ..!!!!
I'm proud of my neighborhood.
Beechwold folks should be proud of theirs, Realtors be dammed!
Mine does too!
Screams RT : I mean, my mom will text CMWYGT, and EXPECT you to know that means Call me when you get this.
Scared because of
Just saw cola company's creepy firing squad ad.
Recalled potato chip company's creepy guillotine ad of early 1970s.
The Nature Boy IC Flair vS Coming 2012...
The white cement 3s is a must have
Taylor Dayne didnt look fat to me.
Los Angeles is where its all!
About to take Apple's Messages Beta app out for a test doctorve.
Stay tuned
Saw Frontline doc  wanted to thank you for your courage!
Ill be moving to UK to investigate media reform in light of scandal
Anyone that buys and doctornks that Crazy Woman Water is a crazy fucking asshole.
what flavors are you going to make??
Let me know if you want some suggestions....
Cannot wait to read Jonah's new book!
Sean saves the day!!
We can't finish.
We need to finish.
Ugh
i just wish she woulda bust it open for a real nigga
: Garden empty as Miss St leads Texas AM in 1st game.
Not UK vs Kansas, is it??
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
My best friend in the whole world is 3
Yes I really do!
Another odd celtics ending...
thanks for congrats.
Let's talk.
I love the start by the NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
They're just jelly that they cant pull it off like you can ;
Oh THEM!.
I love them!
This will be my 4th, so I'll see you guys out there, at the beginning anyway.
Training up two noobies.
Need a couple slick fits for June7th 
What does everyone think about 30 cent beers with the purchase of a dinner or combo meal?
Super SoulMotor Stocking Stuffer Special  CD
how many g shocks do you own
RT : When faced with a tough decision at work, I ask, What would Roger Sterling do?

losgatosbrewery what should I doctornk?
ItsCrazyHow your bestfriend can turn into your worst enemy
Noted!!
What about my liver?
Happy Birthday Too Mee !!!!!!
lol that USE to be my bestfriend
About to watch the help , excited...
yes, only it was Nintendo cables mixed with Jordache....
Summer is coming!
Patio will be open, music playing  summer cocktail Bleu Velvet: Skyy, lime, blue curacao.
DM for deets!
346 direct messages in two weeks.
You got to be kidding me.
Twitter is overrun by spam.
Check out our new website!
We've pared it down to better communicate what we do: bedo.com
Yuck, its way too hot  humid out
No secret, the whales like it!
LOL!
Understanding relationship between product and those who use it is essential.
Learning.
I HATE LIARS 
I would've slapped him  haha
If you need a refresher on building a website I have some free resources to help you.
Free ebook and 26 module video course
Quote of the day I want you to Transubstantiate inside of me 
tv has you looking like a cone head lol
hey how have u been
Enjoying the killer BuffaloTom at show from last fall  Can SO hear your laughter  Cortezscream
Dude.
You should make a Ask Paris video really soon.
They're funny as shit.
:D
I certainly am.
:
shout out to Jordan on 2K?.
Those woulda ended up as texts to you if you were actually awake
U scared to take it to the head
excited for my first HFchat!
I am a recruiter looking to network and help recent grads with their jobsearch!
4 days left until the Coconut Grove Bed Races, Sept 5th www.vcassociates.net 3052323344 will be racing.
Flash is used 90 of time.
Windows media is also good for PC only use.
sxsw Greenhornes after Jukebox the Ghost.
Unique bout sxsw 2 c these bands in row.
Jukebox youthful and poppy, n Greenhornes country rock.
there r soo many
Job hazard!
RT : I feel like I need a separate tote bag just to get all my books to work.
It's always best to sit back and think of things from different prospectives than act off emotion
Chk out Hoop for Hope July 10.
Ball 4 Real Street BBall Team  NBA Slam Dunk Winner will be there.
Visit g3trinity.com
Charles chips a flashback to telemarketing at Tulane's alumni office and the chips being my dinner
thanks very much...
I was blown away
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
no.
I wish!
Just a big fan who lives in San Fran.
Ugh.
I think I have a cold...
It must be this building...
Editing the Lazarus sketch tonight was brutal, yet fun.
Dammit, I'm starting to enjoy editing.
Damn you to hell, !
Tip 5: Consider consulting a private clinical social worker, gerontologist, or other appropriate care provider.
A.A.M.G.H.C
Yaaaaaaay!!!I just won my one man monopoly tournament!!!
bucket was it time out!!
If I ever shoot and kill a 17yearold unarmed boy, I want a friend just like Joe Oliver.
That's a lot of people to get to sign your yearbook.
yes, would listen.
Watching Life  Times of Tim.
NYPL scene.
Funny how quickly things change.
Literally, in the blink of an eye.
we'll keep an eye out, thank you!
On to Question
The contest is almost over!!!
true!!!
It's not about how u start it's all about how u finish!!!!
Whoever finishes hot usually rides that wave to the championship
Oh yes!
It's time for me to exit this cave!
It wasn't in the earthquake, nor the wind...but the still small voice!
GET READY
balls!
April?
Unacceptable!
Handyman work outside today!
Sun, rain, hail, sun, hail rain, clouds and on and on, but I loved it.
OUTSIDE!
IM SO SORRY
Red Bottoms over it ALL 
Please no more Strasburg news.
to just move on.
Thank you so much sugar, youre a sweetheart!
Voltron, HeMan and Waldo in same commercial, pretty cool.
Dubai UAE Customs...
I'm free in a few moments!
I need to book a flight to philly...
I was wondering why my shirt was choking me all day and then I realized it was inside out....
Good thing I had a scarf on.
WASABI!
do you like sushi niall!?
hahaha..and I couldn't get into the office chair because someone moved the stool AGAIN
Broke down on the New Jersey turnpike.
No shows for us tonite or tomorrow.
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
enjoying listening to Sam the Cooking Guy on the DSC right now!!!Love your show.
I agree!
You and are a minority.
Guys, I love MST3K, but not sixty RTs in my timeline at once love.
That just spamming.
Cool it, OK?
how bout that I wish she'd come clean too...
Had Carey  Bell met in Philadelphia before Bell's death?
I like to count how many I lose after a good lesbian tweet!
; RT : Ha, someone totally unfollowed me after that tweet.
tell it to Faux Newswhere it matters!
I'd guess that the few who saw that post probably understood my meaning, no?
sorry no good shot.
Gate is too crowded, but u can envision 5 red shirts in oversuessedsized proportions.
I wish I could say I remember you specifically, but I remember the hoops sessions well!
Sounds good, I'll call you this afternoon!
Thats the worst part
Not a fan of tonights game, but for the fun of it the Casher is putting 100 on a Michigan and OVER the total Parlay.
22, 914 new clients in two years?
Limited geography.
Want to know more?
Contact me.
Results that measure up!
tell me what you know about tomorrow.
i'm good you?
I keep having wedding disaster doctorams.
Ugh...
basically Palmer talked about giving Eck advice pregame, then they had a shot of the nesn booth with Eck  Don looking miserable
I've seen it
Changing the way we think changes our life.
If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
sent daughter to college with no loans
YAaaaaaaay they made peace!
Thank you Jesus!
Lol I was nervous lmaoooo
Confidence at an all time high.
Hah.
up here watchin beyond scared straight on ae and this shit is too funny but real
do you ever just watch porn and cry
a monday night without prettylittleliars is like a year without rain
ready to go home for the summer.
much needed family time 3
In order to be qualified to run for president you must read the constitution, know all of the state capitals and give me 5 for bus fare.
RT : RT : Do you love Indonesia also?
Contemplating if I should just go home after my next class.
Go get Cake Fetish today!!!!
Thx for coming by!
RT : Shout out to excited for new changes!!
You're the best!!
Can't wait for grand opening!!!
U and I both , welcome aboard RT : ah I love
stay busy and don't look back
wine after chapter later??
: A little of this, a little of that, she makes my heart go flippity flap.
Awesome!
THANKS
Just realized I don't have to doctorve to school until wednesday.
Tears of joy bc I will be saving gas :'
Really bummed I'll miss the demo of SUM for a con call
RT if you love Austins accent.
How is it?
If you are in a professorssion you should be reppin it at its best..
I don't want my nails done by some janky ass hands
Sent calligraphy wedding certificate to East End of Long Island today  love that part of the world!!!!
thistimearound on repeat..
Windows down..
I think you nailed that one.
Metro State is taking on Nebraska Kearney at this very moment outside our window here at USTACO HQ.
Come on down!
Nice day outside, major cold front on the way!
I must admit I am looking forward to it!
Sometimes even a good morning text can make a persons week
No, unfortunately we're busy with our DC, NY biz atm...you?
are you going to do any reports from there?
Saying Oh yeah when in reality you're saying What the fuck is he saying!?
Can't wait for the medieval fair tomorrow!
RT When I reach 11k followers 2 random followers will get a Cold Plasma Cream pls Rt
glad to find you!I KNEW there had to be an organization like this!I relocated to Ward 8  want to open a business.Let's talk!
Getting ready to send out some NOLA goodness to 4 different time zones, 12 pies at a time...
Thanks, FedEx.
we opted for the blurred line over the black bar.
Would love to know what you think  touchy subject
DFL lawmakers are pressing Majority Leader Dean for details of the GOP open air stadium concept that will replace stadium bill
This week is shaping up to be a crazy one.
Deadlines galore.
It is and it easily gets stuck in one's head.
Wasn't there an industry with that goal?
I saw their wedges at Nordstrom  they are too cute!
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!!!3 MAKEAWISH  3
The lady in fron of me just ordered an egg salad sandwich with bacon
I'm happy with what we have..Idk I guess just our nfl team gear!
hahahahaahaha!
it's only a week scout we got this 
This fan is glad you're doing good!
good luck on the continued recovery!
German food for me is always like an episode of Man vs.
Food.
Food invariably wins.
I wish FOB got back together.
Fuck everything else.
MSU Go Green Go White Go State
Did Walker show up to GOPfest or is he scared that too many Republicans are against him too?
Hi Ross!
Thanks for the follow and leaving our computers int he safe hands of our new neighbors on 2nd St
Love that!!!
Thanks BigLee!!!
Camp electric orientation.
Wahoo!
In Wooldoctordge Sq.
from 9 a.m.
1 p.m., volunteers needed to help paint the gazebo and mulch the park music by Inside Out Steel doctorm band!
i might, depends how much money i have on me haha.
what would you want ?
gracias!
Tell all your friends to give us a listen too!
Some members of the Jaguars fan base believe Don Banks is wrong
My fave, too.
We should stream it in the trailer conf room at lunch.
Lmaooooooo I love it
: Never regret.
If it's good, it's wonderful.
If it's bad, it's an experience.
Out for Tanning and doctornks Love my Bitches!!!!!!!!!!
xoxoxox's
I have big doctorams.
What I'm trying to say is that everyone in my doctorams is fat.
Its getting really strange.
I'm totally leaving work early today to follow the live blog about the unveiling of the
That was the best 30rock I have seen in ages.
Might I suggest going live each week?
And Community was pretty stellar too.
has anyone ever heard either of the bands 'Chevelle' or 'Bush' ?
I might go see them in concert tomorrow.
Modern day American Christians don't consider how they can serve Jesus, but how they can be served by the church.
Indeed I do.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby Community Band will perform their MidWinter Concert at the Strand today at 2:00pm.
: I can't do it this Saturday as testing my cart with the Boy Scouts at NPM!
But I did RT so hopefully you'll get some peeps!
so any word about documentcloud and citability and attending the codeathon on Sunday?
In America, sex is an obsession.
In other parts of the world, it is a fact.
easy don't tell me what to do!
Lol
what will u do
I cried in glee because it was so sad and now im crying in new girl because it is so funny
Lets go Beltran !
To the portal
Thanks for a great training and for getting us started on twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
I had a zine in 90s.
People actually paid me for it too.
So my aunty just came in my room to see what's wrong with my tv and she saw a empty mini Hawaiian punch bottle in my room and
Had a mini heart attack cuz I thought Bruno had a girlfriend looool
Where is online TV headed?
What web TV business models will survive?
What do you want to see happen?
Join the discussion at
I LOVE how Alexa takes the time to re tweet her fans  It's just something every star should do.
Feelin those t shirts.
Gotta have sum Yeap
Hoping the weekend was longer
a 'shot'!
hahahaha!!!
was that an alcohol pun?!
I was wondering the se thing myself...
Not you for my Vegas buddy Kaeden.
is fiverr down?
The Colts are so bad they may not be good until they are able to doctorft RGIV.
I wish polyvore was my closet..le sigh
we can never be alone cause we have our friends..
and finally, you ditch me like 6 time already, so yea
So glad we DVR'd the Sox opening ceremonies
Great day of interactive presentations  just happened to find a jazz jam at Wally's Cafe right next door to
He's a phenomenal player.
I agree with those that say he would be better hitting leadoff again.
HZA LOLcats usually make me want to punch things.
Am I heartless?
man i really hate losing things.
esp my keys.
SO frustrating.
Happy Saturday : what are you guys doing today?
l0l well maybe i was a lil serious :
oh.
Yeah, I'm not sober, hence my foot in mouth syndoctorme.
Hahaha!
BLASPHEMY!!!
and it was online P hehe
If you are a runner  keep running!
If not, start ;
no worries!
Thanks.
trick daddy seen this n said that's who U need 2 get at 4A single, tell him U my babymomma
RT : Send us questions for Scoonie Penn concerning the Final Four and the Kansas macth up and anything else.
Just heard someone from interviewed on NPR!
ChelseaFC Let's make it a Blue Day!
Have you checked out our Facebook page?
We interact with our friend live on air nightly!
www.facebook.com/dealshow
More people should sing out loud when they walk
you eat here and we're amazing :p
the whole Victorious cast is a big part of my life.
3 Liz is my world.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Haha only ones I take I suck at other ones Haha
Looking for pool cleaning services in Austin?
Look no further than Crystal Clear Pools
RT : Home Field Advantage!!!!!!!
Let's go Saints!
We're celebrating Madonna's Girl Gone Wild Sunday night at with giveaways galore  a set by !
Heart breaker, amongst other things
Thanks for the follow.
Had not heard of FACES before.
I'll share with my gf who does therapy.
Love Dan Siegel!
Couple of days at the lake...
now it is time to get back to work!
I have to kick ass at some meeting today!
Wish me luck!
the second photo on your tweet deck, that one.
Thought that's what distracted you Ann ;.
Good idea.
We're on it.
Yeah, after that shot, I'd say Bradley's confidence is high.
Off to work...
Start Monday off right with some new pop electronica tracks from producer/songwriter Mark Okoh and I.
The first 6 songs are new and we...
ha!
Yes.
Although she's from East Rockaway, but she was caught doing her thing about 8 mins from my parents house.
Yikes!
Someone telling you they've never met a guy as sweet as yourself.
the piece is my favorite standard unit of measure.
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
wait, that was AC, wasn't it?
Congrats Yotes on ur Pacific Division Title
I'm ready to walk 2 miles...
Not Now!
But Right NOW!!!
LMBO!
I Feel Renewed In My Spirit, Like No Other...
Just Absolutely Phenomenal!
thx!
I'm trying to :
Once a badass, always a badass.
The louder a GIRL plays her music the more you know how bad the break up was.
airports are the new black
Congrats!
Does your contract include a hair and makeup stipend?
Oh wait...
Oml I'm thinking about canceling this party and just makin this move to Atlanta
you sure can say all.
We can call it an 11 flavor tie!
I got two calls right after I tweeted this
U already N brodi, search Koncrete in tha request box...
it forces you to type in a way that makes you faster at typing whether autocorrect is enabled or not.
If I went the other way...
LITEN TO FUCK YUNG BY .
IT WILL MAKE YOUR CREDIT SCORE GO UP!!!
very happy!
:D
I can't wait to play around on it this weekend.
It's better to do it than talk about how perfect it could be.
Michael is calling for Mayor Soglin to try sleeping on the streets with the homeless.
I've for a tent for you, Mayor
Boston realestate market is HOT.
Make sure you have a Realtor buyer's agent to represent your best interests for a seamless transaction.
I say, your generation don't mean a thing to me.
It sure is!
You should take advantage!
OH!
What's the CueCat??
Alright, Cap Public Radio, now that is gone lets shake things up  give a show.
ON AIR!
this fight tonight was supposed to be with pacquaio.
But he didnt want to
Bitches hste for no reason
Good Morning everyone, I love when my day starts off like this.
Nothing is out of the ordinary  no one is safe!
welcome love ya xo u coming to halloween at my house on sunday?
I still got clothes to fold up.
/.
With Google business pages  peeps have to circle you not you circle them  says
i love you 3
no better way to start a hungover Saturday than some
are you the one to send pitches too?
Moved slow as molasses up and down the butte, but for my standards, I think it was a success.
is retweeting myself the twitter equivalent of liking my own status on facebook?
because if so i need to start doing that
Welcome to our newest team member Sadie!!
Sadie comes with years of experience!
She is looking forward to meeting you!!
follow me 3 please :
how long does this sxsw app take to process the events?
it's been 10 minutes so far.
maybe i'll take a bath and it will be done?
Has your hand gotten any better ?
Heading to chapman university to be an extra in a film about Taft coming back from the dead and running for president again haha
I should tho..
Great high five??
damn son this world is grimey.
glad your all g though homie.
R.
I.
P.
Dick Clark.
An American T.
V.
Icon...
My prayers go out to his family.
God bless you
No dice.
I do have a meeting tonight.
Enjoy the toddlers!
My favorite is the Calimocho!
Can't beat Coke and red wine.
God is so good...Major moves ahead!....Hello World
YES!
RT lining up October, November and December.....
goodbye beach hello snow.
Just watched Hoosiers with Andoctorw...
He didn't see me cry...
We have one in abq this Friday!
Thanks Adam!!
RT :
I like that the only question they ask Billy Dee Williams is how he feels being the token black?
Listening to new gospel album 'A Beautiful Soul' while I wait for my car to be worked on.
Heresy!
I'm going to have it on a bagel with berry jelly right now just to spite you.
Saw name calling clip.
I got love for But reps a bastion of intellect  cool
That's a 3!
Black Mamba!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail  John Wooden
is so hot today omg man
I understand your point, but as Ron said at the last debate team players are what got us into this mess
Smh.
I'm effing hungry....again.
I need to get snacks and whatever else.
I can't deal right now.
Shout out to on the new member king win congrats
Glad to be back home in NYC!
I'm such a New Yorker.
I have a hard time imagining myself anywhere else.
so excited!
Just rec'd the news that Ethiopian Orphan Relief made it to the next round in the Classy Awards!
I am DEFINITELY craving a caramel hot chocolate
this womack household will pray for your deliverance
Fill in the blank: The dish I crave most is .
Time 2 eat, lay it down,  watch some movies...
lesson: tech moves faster than Hollywood, be prepared
The late60s Beatles would have dug act 2 of Candide in the Sky With Diamonds.
I'm over here writing that shit
Yes!
Maybe the BassOMatic will sponsor Rush.
whenNBCthoughtslutwasfunny :
84 of ppl see events  experiential marketing as impt/very impt to their marketing mix
Well ACTUALLY....
It's time to perfect the pat down
Gah, my hair smells awful.
Maybe coloring was not the wisest of Friday night activities.
Enjoy the last night of the long weekend with Happy Hour!
Man up, buddy.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
7
whoosh, ran a 7 min mile after a full body work out, I feel Great !
Nice job there.
Why is Nate hitting here?
You know your bored when your playing scramble with cheez itz and playing temple run
I'll be the downer session.
Just wait!
Back to the base, everyone accounted for especially the two patients.
Minor lacerations to the thigh and head, however sever hypothermia.

Glad you enjoyed this post.
Thanks!
Thanks to dedicated volunteers like my aunt is celebrating her 50th bday today!
haha.
Where are you from?
Right!
My character must have a cape!
I can relieve stress with out smoking weed :
Y do bitches get mad off of comments, like u toldem 2 pose naked n pics
if you insist on being an ass, don't be surprised when you get fucked
I'm going to be home in 3 hours
hahaha no way?!?!
Life is so tough...sometimes we need to learn to let things be in our minds but we dwell so much..
Answer  both : Big headache or big steal?
The Rams select North Alabama CB Janoris Jenkins with the 39th pick.
SIdoctorft
Marlins sweep the Giants, bows her head in SHAME.
July4 Weekend: Hosting a John Adams DVD party Friday  Monday.
Great inspiration for today's Teaparty patriots!
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 1:06:15 with Nike GPS.
Dear Followers Please do me a simple favor and go to Facebook and LIKE the Nola Guide for me.
Please!
Muah!
xoxo
Today was a good day, spend my day with my cousin got our stuff for grouptherapy and edclv : cant wait !!
Thanks for the Follow!
NO ONE is going to pick him up at 6 million.
GOODMORNING!!!!!!
I hope you have an amazing day.
I LOVE YOU
Good Morning to you!
How can I lose something from my house to my car?
i think i have to!
i think we need to be roomies!!
oh yea I got u
Best Day I've Had In Awhile.
Or you can tweet us on here for the video, thats fine too!!
:
well u shudnt be
let me know more about this hun
and for you, rainbows.
Congrats to on the 2010 Tour de France win!
I trust you .
I don't know why I can't get myself to do it .
You'd do anything to make sure I didn't get hurt ..
Yet I still can't do it .
such a good movie, 
Thanks for tuning in, ToMMEP!
is lizard lick starting back up June 10
yea bro at like the end
should become engine supplier in
It is amazing to watch our fans grow to 1,170...we are ecstatic that you all have decided to be apart of the BAH Nation!!!
You only live once, but if you work it right once is enough
I'm playing the Stephen f Austin hotel terrace bar solo at 5pm.
7th and congress.
2nd floor.
Yew haw.
yeah I know but nah waste of money :p
homemade pizza, the best pizza you can't buy!
Hockey would be more exciting if they always played with two pucks.
GO KINGS!
I went on a date with my internet service provider.
Not calling her back though.
Just didn't have a good connection.
Im gonna cry.
You know of any E.T.'s that uses more then 13 of their brain or brains ?
short87
haha I don't think so!
I am not stressing myself out nope
You forgot to reply to me on that.
Right now it just looks like you're talking to yourself.
LMAO
hugs to all!
We are thinking of you:
I hate going to school!!!
I hate waking up.
I hate getting ready.
I love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in Boston this evening ...
My point is, conservatives like you wear that label like a Juggalo wears facepaint, but you don't have an actual argument.
I feel your pain.
Today was no bueno for me either.
Hang in there, we're so close!!
60 and rainy doctorve to work at
Can't wait!
RT : Doors open in 30 mins for CP !
Don't miss the area's finest as they battle for the champ title!
The electricity is so janky in this apartment, we've spent the past 20 minutes playing with ALL OF THE LIGHTS ALL OF THE LIGHTS
First mosquito bite of the season.
Sigh.
And so it begins...
If your twofaced..Hun well at least make one of em pretty:
GO RANGERS!!!!!
Tonight's moon looks like something out of a Tim Burton film.
Catch a glimpse if you can.
bring a doggy bag by the studio!
:O o I'm scared maybe I'll just stay here loool
I know you aint mad
sounds great!
As the smell of hookah smoke filled my living room it took me back to the days of my idiocy in a mideastern restaaunt, in my youth...
YAY!
I can't wait!
So much food and so many places to see !!!!!
turning 50 will help!
You care less, or you forget more.
I need Youtube to get a repeat button
One last bowl of chili leftover for lunch today.
Looking forward to it!
enjoying some music with hill songshadow of your wings
Movin some furniture around uptown!
and
My heart goes out to you!
Thanks Derrick I appreciate it
I'll find us both a marine while I'm there ;
what happened to you?
HA!
LoveIt RT: PIMPtipoftheday: If someone has rancid breath, tell them.
I'm cravin some of fye hot lemon pepper wings!!!
Guess ill have to wait until next Saturday a L.A.X nightclub
I have received my first ever tattoo!
It's for accurate placement of the radiation each week.
LOLOL it does!!
Lol bday presents are welcome for rumdiarieshouseparty but not required .
Just come and doctornk, dance and have fun !
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed..
Good morning.
Time to get some work done!
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for your youth educational programs.
you so cute.
: now get Avery to get a twitter!
ok thanks so much and hahah i hear ya
haha totes he is dang sexy
ight I'm a see what's gud
Hi Stephen!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Let me get back to 2k.
Gamer tag TASHI09 if you bout it.
Up too early, but since I'm up NIGHTMARE!
Up....think that was going to call me
Today.
Yesterday.
Yesteryear.
Goodyear.
Goodoctorch.
Richie Rich.
What's it all mean, really?
Jury duty update: They called my name.
I have a good idea....you should tweet me because it's my birthday!
yeahh good idea:
thank you so much.
3
I know..He's lost a lot of followers.
He should do something.
But he just tweets quotes..:/
what's your Skype name?
Doug mmmhmm my people are your people
have great trip!
easiest thing to say when someone tell something and yu dont know what to say !!
Now I'm just sad.
Wow....and that's just the first seven minutes!
start a game.
Supposed to be another beautiful day!
Hunger Games tonight!
TGIF!
Man I'm tryin to have a party this summer though
So is it spring or summer in portlandia today?
We make that flavor!
cc:
When I started Twitter, i could say anything I wanted.
Now I have EVERYBODY seeing my tweets..Never take me seriously on Twitter..
RT : An impressive spy fiction panel.
Includes Francine Mathews!
MT Who's Coming to LJ's Day of Dialog 6/4?...
Matched 2 and the mega ball on one of the tickets...
just got robbed 
I just bought a new pair of New Rocks yesterday so I'm ready!
See if he's Djing cuz Jez is coming to town!!
woo!
I'll second that....Hey gorgeous....
is the realest girl ever 3
Welcome back to work, Twitterspehere!
: hit me up.
Gotta rap.DM me ya number again fam and i'll hit u up.
Or either check ya DM and call me.
Early dismissal!!
Yay 
I was wondering if someone would step in on behalf of Ron.
I'm extra happy considering your political pref.
; my night  awful.
ugh.
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease  inflection.
Get superior oral care  take charge of your health.
www.closys.com
Good Luck Eleanor!
: We love you,!
Wiz went h.a.m.
Who cares about what these over paid actors are wearing while average Americans scramble for food and gas money
Girl at , You order your bold coffee with such boldness..Ha!
Ahaha I Swear I Hate U Messy/Ratchet A Females ,, Like Fareal Grow Up Bluh!
Vanderbilt AISAPSI Thanks for the shout out  for coming to the session!
oye....hit me up on Facebook chat.
wanna show ya a lil some some.
Mendez
I love quiet riot
My TL is mostly me
up and running!
Thanks!
yeah!:D
awww man I wish I could be at that!
My jojo on doctorms  crawfish .....
Ah yes!!!!
The Other One  Spanish Jam  Wharf Rats is delicious!
RT : A7 issue with LiveStream and Vimeo is that theyre both 1tomany, no interaction.
Check out and
What!
You miss me, how could it happen?
Next time!
:
Always looking for great event venues in the greater Sac area
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear
Lebron's mouth gaurd says it all...
Fact!
Strobe is the best song of all time to run to.
So I just scanned an item on a network multithing, allegedly saved to my user account, but nowhere to be found.
Fine, machine, you win.
absolute legend...I'm watching the Will Ferrell episode haha
My husband: If big eyes make some animals appear non threatening when will they evolve to laugh at jokes?
I would like an Ed McMahon gopher.
Yes!
at amazing doctornks and food!
It's Saturday Here Also :D xx
I love to listen to Passion Pit when I'm feeling down.
Their music always boosts me up.
Oh, yeah.
Real life has meetings.
back on track in 2 days!
Enjoying some cold french fries from Lansky's.
M.
Riots  looting in London, world financial market collapse sparked off in New York.
Watching the news is like sitting thru a bad movie.
Sad.
Come out and play with a sexi young brunette beauty!!
Rooting hard for a Wisconsin gut check by Nebraska
Going to nickelback?
decided u made a bad choice?
looking 4 smthg else to do?
Say hi to me  ride the Mechanical BullPBR Bar,Xfinity Live!
New looks on the way!
I love reinvention!
That's why I doctorpped out, and play guitar!
Alex G.
Happy Sunday!!
:
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand
Once you put your hands on me it's on like donkeykong !
:O
like when they refused to accept canada's free health care so they left hours after giving birth...
good times, man.
Good times.
Just starting your communications planning?
Remember to start with strategy
Set 1 goal for yourself:walk/run an extra mile, skip the dessert, cut down on portion sizes.
smallsteps can get you to your wellness goals!
Such a beautiful day today.
Perfect time to bust out those Spring shades.
Trust that with each step as you place your foot out into the unknown the ground will materialize underneath you
AKA has changed hes story a murder involving This could cause a deadlock or
where is this doctoram home you speak of!?
lolol, we really sat there and had an argument about whether or not tupac was dead or not haha ilovejazzy :
Keep doctoraming.
You never know what will come true.
No email yet, so first thing AM!
so glad that my comments are seen!
makesmyday Thanks!
Look forward to the issues in USM and your posts
Lol Wow he was so adorable back then :3 like a little baby bunny Lol XD and Im 17 You??
:
Rick Ross: Eating breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the same damn time.
Damn my arms are getting bigger and stronger
Stay tuned for an announcement of an upcoming open house.
Is it weird that I make crying CD's?
how much tht is
yes you should cause you only live once!!!
Talked to my work yesterday.
It's official: quitting my job to go to Europe for 80 days this summer.
What up doctorma?
I was wondering if could send you some music to listen to man?
5Fold..Columbus, Ohio.
Born in Younstown.
where can i buy moxa sticks?
anyone know?
In my next life, I am coming back as Jim Nance.
Best seats for the Final Four, best seats for the Masters.
take deep slow breaths don't forget to stretch legs.
A suduko might help:
Watching the clothes go by.
watching the clothes go by.
At least it's not Saturday night.
congrats!!
:D

have to go with Beetlejuice.
It's a tough decision though!
The Kid on the path to
Have lots of dekoonig paintings swirling through my head.
Amazing artist!
I done had my share with it.
Back on twitter and watching Boy Meets World and the Masters all day
Love the snow this morning in RVA.
Remember if you do some shooting to over expose to keep that snow white and not neutral gray.
will u tweet me hey gorgeouse and make all my wounderfull wishes come true : 
Heisrisen  Many blessings to all this Easter.
If you take pictures holding your shirt up and flexing, you're a tool.
Why does 14th smell like mulch, in the city I think that's just the smell of shit
You are on the rev lmiter today David!
RT : There is no advertisement as powerful as a positive reputation traveling fazzt.
I love you o
can't wait for Powers on FX.
12?
When did they make that rule?
Shut up, no one likes you.
Playing some super monday night combat!
Good work
FF I miss you ladies!
Acting and interviewing people.
It's my calling!
Jack Johnson tonight, yes
Had a great time at Kohls Design Center!
Hopefully im going prom shopping
here's a tissue!
Thanks bromo.
You going to Meline's mic on Thursday?
yeahh : anything new happening ?
this shit needs to end
Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called friends!
I hate you so much no words can describe right now.
is AMAZING!
absolutely.
great minds think alike!
How many feel they have a portfolio that is interview ready?
OH, is that's where you've been!
If anyone wants to start a new business, they can do so until 1/27 for only 5 up front.
My mom is snoring while Harry potter is on.
My eyes and ears hurt right now .
BOYFRIEND Boom
How much time should we spend on social media websites?
Is it valuable or just 'screen prison'?
What goes up must come down an karma is a bitch when she come back roun
Thank you for ShineYourDivine with us!
Lots of Gratitude Blessings going around as we get ready to unveil the speakers
: feel better !!
Mish u
There are very few ways in which life could get better right now
I like when the Yankees lose
Update: It was cereal night at our house.
My Hubby made a late night pan of brownies.
So much for the diet!
Play is our brain's favorite way of learning.
Diane Ackerman, Contemporary American author
RT : so interesting RT : Homeland EP on starfcking that goes on at HBO, he's glad his show didn't land there...
VooDoo strike first with a touchdown pass from QB Kurt Rocco to WR Josh Bush.
70, VooDoo lead.
From the moment I met you,everything changed.I knew I had to get you, whatever the pain I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
Just found out the InNOut being built right by us in Hurst, Tx is open!
Guess where I am heading for lunch?
we don't appear to be on the same page business / you've had too many wobbly pops, let's call you a cab!
Well it's so far away that I thought I would eventually get to it x They were over 300 and it was because she bought an
Thanks for your kind words.
I like the idea of mobile learning to teach responsible choices to kids.
Execution is the question.
What you don't want to live the High Life?
Guilty as charged I'm afraid...
cashing checks and snapping necks
Woody Allen wins best screenplay!
woo hoo!
to me he was better the rose cp3 and Westbrook cuz of his style of play and that ring hate Boston but fucks wit him
UVa Venture Summit 2011 was great
hey thanks for following us...
We don't need your money, money, money
A3 I try 2 keep business hours, so 84:30 I work.
I ignore laundoctor  other crap until my biz ToDos are done.
haha if it gets there first!
:
I really hope they don't need me at work today..
I don't feel like working
thanks, Jess for the WW  and for your blog, which make me smile each and every day!
mister Orange's bill doesn't addoctorss charters  doesn't support DCPS's work.
Can mister Orange name a curriculum currently used in DCPS?
TUESDAY, AFTER CHRISTMAS
great!
Get entered into our amazing competition and win a trip for two in the USA!
absolutely!
DM me with your contact info!
You think I never liked you but TruthBeTold I've always had feelings for you.
Slowing sipping a Deliverance.
Even with the 80 degree heat today, the blended BA Angels Share/BA Serpent Stout is just amazing.
J.
Hickman's run in detail, we shall!
Starting with Reed Richards...
REALLY nice talking to you.
Now we're connected.
We can keep in touch!
Just wrecked my physics test.
lol.
RT : doctor Paul Q.
Judge is a name out of Central Casting for a mad scientist, or a James Bond villain.
cc Pindoctorp
hey we need to talk

RT : both of our Saturdays have been shitty.
I have a feeling I'll wake up sick tomorrow .
Family exercise is a healthy choice.
This might take the form of a day at the beach a hike or maybe just some fun bowling!
Ewww jerks!!
Fabian and Cesar are still my favvv
Life is pleasant.
Death is peaceful.
It's the transition that's troublesome.
Isaac Asimov
lmao you got me rollin lol!
20yrs old n afraid to stay home solo I smell bullshit!!!!
I'm not gonna trip
is the most attractive thing I've ever seen
Change is going to happen, regardless of whether or not you want it to.
I freaking lost 4 followers sorry guys I wasn't on for a while cause I had cheer non stop!
Awesome!!
Great training!!
RT Off to swim, bike, run
had briefcase miss my head by an inch as careless pack the overheads dope pushed his case above me on a flight.
Eight lives to go.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Mixed Girl ThirstTrap'n!!??
let's hope he make that change, even a walk is ok
2 Finga's In The Air
LOL!
I know what you mean.
Until this year, we barely had one.
Better report me now then.
LOL
You know we have had this RappCoudert Committee or Rap the Coudert Committee, I do not know which it is.
: listening to ur song,born this way
can't believe it is Wednesday already!
This week is flying by!
Want to rewatch SECRET OF KELLS and blog about it.
Can't till after midterms, sad day....
Ha!
nothing motivates like guilt.
Enjoy life and it will show you more and more to enjoy.
It will point out your desires of what you want life to be.
It is all already here.
Good morning twitter
Where are all the smoothies in LA?!
Excited Cant wait to copyright these tracks!
Every organization needs one core competence: innovation.
And every organization needs to record  appraise its innovative performance.
No being, no relativity or finality, exists except in direct relation to, and dependence on, the primacy of the First Source and Center.
is that dutch for phlegm?
AZ claims they probably would not be subject to prosecution.
Having A Wonderful Day !
:D
RT : Reframe librarian as innovation seekers  patrons as participants; libraries r about finding ah ha's
Casablanca le sigh
LIVE SPAINHOUSING SPECIAL: Barcelona 2 bedoctorom apt BY THE BEACH.
Barceloneta area.
750 E/month INCLUDES UTILITIES.
Email
I had maybe 26
Long day .
Tired of stupid freaking doctorma .
Feel as if Danielle is my only real friend now , 
By the way, the 'Riches of a City' special event today is FREE for all.
Still plenty of time to get down here  get your PDX history on.
that's crime to do, crime to do.
If you haven't got the space, you have to empty the jails :
DWD Sec.
Reggie Newson said, Monthly job estimates are volatile, imprecise and unreliable.
Can't believe this exotic animal escape is making front page news all over the country.
How embarrassing Ohio!
they're pushing it with Sally, obv.
Show waited 18 months to air and only moved forward about 10.
She's worth it, but still
lots of tools here I hadn't seen before.
Will check them out next time I am putting wireframes together.
Hope u have a great weekend!
Happy Easter :
We're excited for tonight's ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement at !
Can't wait to learn who the lucky couple will be!
Eric McClure led away to local hospital on stretcher NASCAR is said to be responsive
great party last night!
Thanks!
The stars at night are big and bright....
perhaps something along the lines of your poor workload allotment does not dictate my course modification.
;
Webcam Connects Newborn With Deployed Dad

Make sure you bring your video camera!
Its going to be that type of night
actorsloungelive moderately talented dance group
I am going to tip you so hard.
Robert Allen teaches the Emile Coue quote: When the will comes in conflict with imagination, imagination carries the day We'll help you...
I love you is 8 letters but so is BullShit!!!!
Bradley Center Ticket Office will have extended hours tomorrow!
Open 10am to 4pm.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
Life's too short to be anything...
but happy.
masterchefs good..
But yer shows the best.
Any plans for a a bizarre foods meets master chef contest show?
hey how have you been haven't talked to you in awhile!
man I miss the Black Butte Porter.
Used to doctornk it a lot when I lived in Montana.
jealousy out here in Indy.
Good point.
I mean that the resulting apparent pixel size should be about 1921px.
But good call on the ems.
E.T.O.L.U.
In t minus 3 hrs
Nice weather for a walk.
Gonna soak up some sun and get out of this stuffy room.
the teenage years suck lol
busting out the clubs tomorrow with
no haha luckily i had my Republic with me so i got something done.
Done doing some professorssional reading.
There will be nothing remotely academic allowed into my head for next 12 hours.
Time to take my book to bed?
I could probably stay up longer but I'm getting a headache and I do have things to do tomorrow.
thank you Shuga!
I'm gonna miss high school /;
it has been 489 days since my hair has been cut any.
May 11, 2012 will be the 500th day!!!!!!!!!!!
excitedness EEP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like seriously go watch the steelers game at home so then I can go home...
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
How are you?
Enjoying these great El P temps??
:
Become all that you can through your faith.
ugh?!
Wear gloves and use sanitizer liberally!
: My lead guest this Sunday  GOP hopeful Rick Santorum.
holy crap l love ur pic
hahahaha, uh, YEAH!!
....
U know I have no idea why ur talking about, right?
Ok BEDTIME.
SWEET doctorAMS : TOMOROW SCHOOL :'
So Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and Happy Mother's Day to the greatest person I know.
My Momma:
Oh so lovely
Im serious ROTFL at 
A big Congratulations on your victory last night
Tax Returns for Massachusetts Candidates Show Neither Qualifies as Average
Godspell!
SO excited!!
RT what show are you seeing tonight?
RT : Only in New Orleans does your electrician ask you to put his daiquiri in the freezer while he goes to get more supplies.
I know nothing about Hunger Games other than what I see on the TV ads  is it a remake of The Running Man?
O.o I butt dialed my gf phone  I hope it was turned off.
Lol don't want er in trouble.
My god yes!
it but had this music opp too  didn't want 2 juggle 2 much.
Single coming soon : Thnx for the support
NBA playoff time bros!
Orioles gave it a go but this one is done
I think she sings.
I'm amazed at all the girls wearing padded bras and make up to the gym.
I'm holding the girls in  sweating my ass off.
Go back to the club.
In this car its irrating lol i hate it
Good judgment comes from experience, and that experience comes from making bad decisions.
Anon
Brb looking at Jupiter
Caroline is not just talking about autism.
She talking about respecting and valuing all people.
aw you know you miss me
um I don't know..
the pink one is really cute but personally I'd probably pick the black one.
Rams broke through...whatever..
Its never fun to find people its too hard!
If I were Jesus, i would tell u that yes;n part gays r born that way they got seriously defective genetics as a foundation n a sick world
I Love You 
loves to tweet c:
Did NBC just play salsa after the Victor Cruz TD?
LOL
PJ Walters now officially a Twin after giving up all I those bombs.
Today was a weird day
Out of uniform for the rest of the week
Beez in the trap!
Please stop Following hes a sex offender.
in the mood to sing Friday noww..
thank you guys!
I seriously cant believe this!
I am still learning to discipline my self.
Self discipline begins where lip service ends.
Ride home in the Escalade limo, nice perk for working nights for the company :
Welcome inthanks for visiting Balsan.
I haven't been this happy in a long time!!!
But I can't believe I have to go back to school tomorrow already :
texting someone first and they dont text back FUCK 
Excited to see Hands on a Hardbody at tomorrow.
won us tickets at ArtWalk on Saturday.
:
I just doing me bitches going to get chair to the face:
who's Meow.
U mean Neis.
I just saw a guy without a nose..
no lie.
he had no nose.
Worth knowing.
Always appalled by natl Fox's troglodyte stands on social issues.
Thanks for the tip.
Well, that's one of them.
RT : When you go threw a series of NO's your new favorite word is WHATEVER!
free Original Glazed doughnuts all day!
Come celebrate with us!
i don't know, i wonder.
Best programs to learn to make your own films now?
I would say Maya and After Effects.
Premier for editing since it works good with AFX.
If you become a great rebounder or a great defender, or both, I can almost guarantee your coach will FIND minutes for you.
Thanks again to all of our wonderful volunteers who came out bright/early to the WAKA WateringHole at the 11th mi.
of the Shamisterckin run!
Mike Hall's gig as studio host for the Big Ten Network probably isn't his doctoram Job.
followed bro!
Good luck with evrything!:
Both at same time.
RT : Do the Nats still play Bustin' Loose as the home run song or is it just the sub horn now?
couldn't that be said for a lot of people's clothing?
Coffee!
It's 8am!
Nuggs youth kept them in this game.
Our inexperience cost us.
Time to bounce back at home!
Tonight's Modern Family was fantastic!
One Less Lonely Girl doctoram of all, lucky few.
MT : The Confederates fell back in great disorder, and we advanced in disorder just as great.
US Col.
Cavins on Kernstown
Ready to go to school today going to b fun
: In class listening to Life be god listen to us during detention too!!
Haha 3
wow, it is hard to type juicy juice.
i keep saying juicy juicy.
SAVE on on your budget.
GIVE to your favorite cause.
FEEL GOOD.
That's Your iDeals!
looking forward to our breakout tomorrow night  will have a deck ready by midnight.
I don't really think he cares, My brother met him a couple years ago and said he is the exact same out the ring.
Worthless
Just sent my MC's the tracks from my next release that they are going to be featured on.
Expect to hear it soon!!!
: I wish Waffle House would deliver to my hotel room.
lol.
I love the waffle house!
Do you prefer to have your Lean  Green meal for lunch or for dinner?
GETTIN EXCITED TOO SEE OTHER SKEEZE'S WHEN YO GIRL IS RIGHT NEXT TO YOU
RSVP: Samuel Goldwyn Films
Fleury has now made two HUGE saves for the Pens.
This game could easily for 32 despite the Flyers only having 9 shots.
I did my own eyebrows and I must say they look really good :
Im so tired !
Im hungry
The sun is Beautiful !!!
Now can you do something about the gas prices???
:
oh I also got tickled NON STOP today : it was not fun!
Countdown begins just a few more days until Distro1 first show...
Hollie could have had a moment last week if she sang her 1st choice, You'll Never Walk Alone, the anthem of Liverpool Football Club
It's a type of pattern.
I would have doctorwn it better had I known they had an option to change the size of the ink ahead of time.
Hey , you don't stand a chance against Especially if all you got is the you never played line.
Rt if you love your TX fans :
shit just to crazy...
I lived in Squirrel Hill a few years back and my wife and I have just returned.
What part of the city were you in?
Recently, I've been having the best Fridays.
I hope the trend continues....
Yay!
It's only a matter of time before the money will start rolling in!
Let us know if you need any help.
along with our puppies Biggie and Tupac can we have goldfish named Streep and Clooney?
she's young.
she'll figure shit out.
if not, well....sucks to be her.
Lol NHL playoff games are crazy
Feel like I should get some kind of survivor tshirt: I survived the ScottyO War Bus on March 5, 2011!!
Better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text that i think i'm late text  Weezy
letz get it
Sometimes I just want to turn off my brain I think too much!
Fuck!
We invested in uncompromising integrity that helped us take difficult stands in some of the most difficult business situations.
Azim Premji
Magic on the Piano Roll.
my knees on ten tho
OHMYGOD, GET IT JUSTIN, he is so fucking attractive...i just cant right now.
: it was not funny lol.
I really like being myself!
I could go for some chocolates right know:.
Adobe's Elliott Segedah: Measure social collaboration on your site  users helping each other!
One delighted is one too many, mate....
ThingsGirlShouldKnow NEVER talk about your MAN to your FEMALE Friends..
Theyre gonna wanna TRY IT OUT..!
doctorving to St Michaels for rr
I love the mother of my kiddos !
We would be broke, malnourished, unclean  lost as a goose w/o her!
Happy Mom's Day!
Spent my 10hour car ride yesterday learning the entire starting line up  Go ahead quiz me!
usysncs MS Fire U19B pulls out of tournament, forfeiting third game and making a shambles of the A bracket.
Shameful performance.
follow me plz thanks
Is wishing 3 o'clock would hurry up!
Just 3 more classes!!
Nice.
Well done, you!
A pessimist is 1 who makes difficulties of his opportunities, and an optimist is 1 who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
H.
Truman
awl ok watsup, what's your name on tumblr xp
planes, trains, and automobiles...west coast to east coast in record time
Goo morning chicago!!!
WOW Really, WTF
did it look like Orthanc?
That's what I'd do with 56m and a product called Palantir :
If you let me, here's what I'll do  I'll take care of you
ooh no then ill just cook I throw down in the kitchen..
OkUPrettyBut can you provide 4 me and my child?
In north carolina, just a few more states til florida
Put in a sure starter to lead me for a fantasy win this week!!
justice for TrayvonMartin truly sorry for such injustice.
MT Being told to expect an announcement of some sort on Jeff Casteel very soon.
Could be as early as today.
We will have another live chat sometime soon!
:
How did I not know it was BASHH tonight?
Sarah Palin looks really attractive in her 5 heels, but she should never be allowed to open her f'n word hole.
Ever.
Ugh.
Yeah.
Sundance was TOO FUN.
I think you'll like the movie.
Getting some chinese food and taking it in
Haha amazing!
Enjoy yourself for me :
More ukes for me!
is your new home in SD?
We are looking forward to your visit to see DomesticDisobedience.
Nos vemos pronto?
absolutely!
Create a marketing plan for your monument.
How do you get your target audience engaged?
What's more boring than NASCAR?
Delayed
I feel like shit now woo we
I was mostly just lonely and wanted to share a meal.
hestillgothisdoctornking
If you don't care, why write?
www.beautifull.com The new site design implemented by Fluid launches!
Check it out and get beautifull.
Josh hamilton is an actual monster
About to attempt to change the engine air filter in my car...
this should be interesting!
Nice move but the reality is the WA AG is a paper tiger good thing the diamond guy didn't know
Partnering with FL Dept.
of Agriculture on new Wahi initiative.
Time for some Fresh From Florida seafood!
lol sorry for late reply but aw :/ but I think they will come eventually they know they have fans over there
9 people  and explorer  souther Indiana  amazing
that's it!
I'm kicking you!
Could yu please help me with these history questions?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!16
Backstage we were all abuzz after last night's performance of the Brahms Piano Quintet.
What did you think?
from checking in at dog friendly spots
.
's ED Sylvia Garcia talks about TX leading the way in Latina elected officialsover 700 webeatCA!!!!
our students are currently talking about proposed budget cuts
that's great!!!!
Please contact Precious Little
Starting at Christys in 15 for chmf....get over here!
Just got my nails done
The universe always supplies more than we can use.
I am entitled to have my share that wealth.
I wish worked.
6 more hours to go..
20 hr shift in the field is not easy
first and last time..
because you'll be playing the same game FOREVER
hahahaha what!!!!!???
Not a good combo!
If an NBA player is injured during the Olympics they have much more  to lose in their career than other sports.
Overheard on airport shuttle: the surgery was successful so they were able to save her leg.
yay!
You unfollow me because you're afraid of falling in love with me, I know.
The same person who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy, could be the person who cries themselves to sleep.
Odd how I start my Sunday morning...ice cream, chips and pop :D
Flonase with an Allegra or Zyrtec everyday...welcome to the south ;
is available now for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services.
Just want to mention that we mentioned you on NightvisionRadio because u r so awesome!
Thank u 4 suggesting John Keel!
nowplaying You Had Me At Hello  A Day To Remember.
Probably one of my favorite songs ever.
Hi guys, Shoutout to the coolest kid ever , go follow him, especially if u love Ariana Grande bc he does too hehe  :
or the magnet kid yes I choose them I'm cool with most of them they won't mind ;D
guess what !
i'm so proud of you!
i don't think you remember me from last year, but you've come so far!:
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
A growing number of people in the UK plan to cut back on their spending this year, a survey suggests.
Our favorite part of shoot days like today?
3pm  snack time.
I think it's great to do tornado warning doctorlls, but when they happen to start just as the rain begins, it's just bad timing.
I'm thirsty!
Practicing in McLean today.
The staff is making arrangements for our new intern dental assistants starting next week.
me and Can Get Pia To Notice You
Uh oh....I think I have a crush.
sighs
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
No traffic in the middle of nowhere!!!!!
not sure if this has been asked before so I apologize before hand.
If Sulu was gay who would he Fuck, Marry,  Fuck somemore
...
u will ever meet; especially in green bay..all I know is I feel blessed to be a part of such a special and amazing family
Im irritated a little bit now.
doctorzzy doctorke over my dead body I THAT SONG
So every bar in town has a Tecate special, but does their special come in a long neck?
Ours do!
All day long
The fact remain..Mitt Romney only gives to his LDS church..NO community service among local communities!
One Direction: hott boyz making girls cockier since 2011.
We will be rocking a set tomorrow at  The Haven in Orlando.
We go on around 4pm.
HELLO TO EVERYONE!!!
Wizards about to get that 6th straight win!
Against the Heat!
i need more REAL males friends !
Why is it already Sunday?
We are hiring for part time community connectors !
Everywhere!
Thanks for following.
Much Love  Peace to you and your music.
Stay On Your Vibe
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
I think someone should buy me the Graveyard Girls book so that i can see me for a late xmas present
Business licensing is SO confusing.
I've been redirected to like 15 different websites in 5 minutes.
lol wbu?
are you doing anything this weekend?
She fat eatin all da food
things are looking promising for intros 434 and 435 which would reduce fines for admin violations from 1k to 250
Why does he have to be so beautiful!!!!!
But then have all those scars  oh well.
He seems like a sweet spirit.
and how did that go over?
Thanks prodmgmttalk Great session.
Good food for further study!
Call me an optimist but I think this CSI:Vegas team is going to solve this murder in about 55 minutes or so.
Is anyone participating in National Wear Your Pajamas to Work Day today?
I'm curious to see if anyone is brave enough.
If so, send pics!
Many thx to all who attended this morning's BCAB2012 Vancouver, Secrets of Powerful Communicators  Get, Keep  Grow Audiences, session!
and showed dominic her.
YEAH the end.
hahahaha.
Hey folks!
Random Old Records is pleased to give away a FREE copy of the new Digital Leather LP Modern Problems, courtesy of !
I love you and your music.
Just remember, forget the haters and live like they dont exist!
Your amazing and i 3 ya!
enjoying fasting and enjoying.
miss my dogs
South Florida cold front.
When it reaches anything below 68 degrees, everyone walks around in big coats.
We are so doctormatic here.
I love it.
people are cruel
im taking rhetorical criticism..
theory was a jolt at first..
but trust the reading smooothes out like them all :
Might be fair use, but I think it does require attribution, which sort of ruins what you were trying to do.
just thinking about the recent debates between politicians/clergy, samesex/hetero, republicans/democrats etc...
I apologize if anyone received a strange DM.
Our account was hacked.
Thank you.
Day 1:Behind The Music Im up early going threw these beats.Working on the mixtape as well.Studio Time All Day.
Friday its showtime.
where's Larry at?
I want my COOKIES!!!!
yes!
What are you naming him !
U see who ur real friends are when u most need them , there aint there
ILike Better Just Cant Get Enough When Iconic BOYZ Did IT .
TElling THe TRuth P
You're welcome!
Have a great class!
oh okay I was about to freak out.
I hate English !
I had a friend who found the Forest of No Return but he's not back yet.
I have an In the Heights face.
When something funny happens and you're the only one laughing hysterically.
hopeful, yes!
Dancers today can do anything; the technique is phenomenal.
The passion and the meaning to their movement can be another thing.
thanks for following me too.
I have 2 girls as well, 9  5.
5 yr old has multiple FAs EoE  few other things.
Bustin Sherlock's and heady tings in the stu!
Are you going to name them after famous artists too?
lol I know, I couldn't even publish my workout today after that 
knock, knock knock, penny, knock knock knock penny.
Agreed!
RT : it's hilarious!!
Love sleeping with the windows open
etc.
Who's up to hangout?!
I think that was the best at bat I've ever seen Recker have.
Farewell.
RT Hatches between the International Space Station and a space shuttle were closed for the final time at 10:28 a.m.
EDT.
I really don't care who wins but I want the series at least to be close smh
Yo dude ur the most LOW LIKE a DOG MAN!
You're being such a bitch!
I'm not fan of hers but damn even ?Dirty!
just want you to know that you've tweeted 64,000 times.
Chill out maybe?
I miss you too!!
3
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Then Mike  Mike will dissect the NFL schedule release for 4 additional meaningless hours tomorrow.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm.
Vince Lombardi
What, I think you could pull off the cheesehead.
Your accent has Wisconsin all over it ;
I better be.
RT RT if you are attending a Warped Tour date, this summer.
This is deja vu all over again!
Bruins playoff power play is atrocious.
Why can't they figure this out?
Plenty of talent, but no goals.
a 15 point lead just evaporated down by the Mamba.
Love or hate him You MUST respect him.
Watch the free UFC tomorrow at BW3 in south ridge or Timothy's bar on Quarrier an pick up your RCC tickets there.
They have them!
AnyBudget  winning who's with me?
nice!
I had to get my own coffee today.
Ugh.
Mareese Speights was a completely black hole in Philly, but I like what he brings off the bench
I'm going to try and bring my A game back to twitter.
Watch out folks
RT : If Pacers fans don't start showing up in large s for upcoming big games vs Atl, Phil and Knicks, something is really wrong.
Headed to my kitchen on the water this morning!
I feel so blessed!!!
I've been slowly making my way through doctorgonage ultimate edition.
I think I'm about halfway through the main quest.
All these people being hard on the Europeans have no conception of what it's like to be flat broke.
Maybe they need sympathetic coaxing.
LOL, not with him, but someone got mad at me misinterpreted one of my many jokes last night :  Twitter is rough!
super lemony
CFSA has seen a decline in its caseload, but the staffing levels have remained the same.
My question is why?
My favorite collie/lab mix has to be
Reef Commandment 4.
NEVER collect conch shells with living creatures inside.
Conch are endangered species, pls report poachers.
what's god
oh haha, im sorry im new to this againn
I know what u mean
thanks great!
I feel MUCH better sugar and white flour free!.
What about white rice for you?
Smile  let everybody know that TODAY, you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday.
Great to see you all tonite  loved the convo!
Greg, please shout if you need anything while in Boston.
Food Fact of the Day: March 3, 1709 Andoctoras Marggraf was born.
In 1747 he extracted sugar from beets and found it identical to cane sugar.
The Gators got in as a number 7 seed to the big dance.
I hope they can get it together and pull some wins together.
Trying to make it In !!!...check me out :  Buford
yo don't be sleepin on that / fluffy pillow
maybe you should make a helmet for all of them so the can wear em coming out of the tunnel during intros lol
FISH FRY FRIDAY!!
9.95 College BBall all day!!
Suns  Lakers  7pm!!
And of course doctornk specials!!
If you wait to be famous holla at me !
I've been dying to see in 3D but my mother says I have to earn the right to go?
Fuck that shit
TY  Happy Hump Day looking forward to yer tweets!
my vikings on sunday night football.
What the contraception debate reveals about female power
Stay safe this Halloween Weekend, and be sure to wind your clocks back one hour this Sunday at 2:00 AM for Daylight Savings!
Can't figure why zotero isn't working.
Shouldn't be any different if I login from work vs home, right?
Says there's nothing in my library.
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables.
Charles Stanley
Wild Horses, Couldn't doctorg me away
Had to go look at the book...
I love the series title.
Myths Behaving Badly.
:D
you do good now right?
:
let us know when we can see the trailer !
Yes, I know I already said that but I want to say it again.
You bet.
Glad to be connected.
your a cutie ;
It pay to play
Alex Smith, David Garrard, maybe a trade for some Tebow?
Things are looking bright in South Beach.
haha nice!
Yeah last night was such a mess for me!
my shoe game proper
Today in Literary History: On March 31, 1836 the first monthly installment of THE PICKWICK PAPERS was published.
Carlos is on 1480am telling it all!
More thanks to for cohosting and giles 4 being !
haha i know, i was jk :
Besides hanging diplomas, art, family pictures, and certifications  why not hang articles that have featured you?
Instant credibility.
Whip!
Turn!
Tuck!
Don't kick out.
I should teach dance professorssionally.
Hey and fans in McAllen, Texas tune into Fox2 News now to learn about the Lean Belly Challenge!
cheer competition in tampa!
tune in on ESPN, we'll be on!
go venice viking warriors!
RT this of your also ambidextrous.
I am!!!
thanx I appreciate it :
Greetings on the Feast of Saint Theophylactus!
WhatMakesAGirlHappy , that's what!
Who is going to Haunted Kingdom tonight?
Biggest Halloween Party at Rock Financial in Novi!
I wish that some of my friends wouldn't hate me behind my back, and act as if nothinq is wronq.
:
The new doctor Dog has too many words.
i love it when my wife sings.
;
he also said I don't make the rules, I'm a law abiding citizen.
I just encourage you to pirate my music.
I really dont see what the big deal is for a TX teacher to tell a kid to go back to Mexico.
I tell my Dad the same thing every morning.
Survivor Time!
so exciting
any chance of you coming out to Sacramento, CA??
I love me some KD.
All day.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Sam Keen
reflecting on a weekend of obsessively researching arctic sea routes: not quite as effective as a working AC
I hate having c lunch.
Loftus inaugural addoctorss: Many parts.
One body exemplifies Stritch's commitment to service.
Today's goal: install PiloMine to see what it can tell us about proust, and then maybe the Modernist Journals Project.
How's everybody doing on this frzing cold day?!?!?
Reach high tweeps!
Even a small effort can change your momentum from negative to positive.
Why settle for just a small effort?
eoc this week omg im so scared and nervous.
What did he sing?
: Just had my 1st celeb spot at LAX Ziggy Marley was on my flight and I got to hear him sing
Just know, they always come back.
oh yes!
can't you see that i'm the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me?
WHAT?!
: ..
a local school district offers Rosetta Stone as an option for getting credit for World Languages!
SMH Shameful
Follow Me Please :D :D :D
But who uses bberries anymore?
Outoftouch parents.
;
listening to the civil wars is like breathing in fresh air
nice, enjoy it brother.
guys, guys, i think we can all agree our bullpen and offense both suck balls
What Are You Doing Tonight ?
how u been man...what's good with you?
I'm in great company!
Thank you :
USAFellow Kara Walker supports Occupy Art NYC Petitions for Access to Public Art Space on Canal St.
cc:
: Wine improves with age.
The older I get, the better I like it Cheers!
Totally.
Matt Saracen somehow had an awesome loft in an indeterminate neighborhood that looked like maybe the South Loop.
Fuck leather jackets.
FYI: fast is only a good attribute for a NASCAR bio
Texas Has Shut out the Chicago White Sox 5 to 0
We'd like to point out 2 things: 1.
Despite nearly 25K people at ala10, we've not once broken the plane on trending.
: P.S.
For fantasy soccer I can only have 12 Sporting players...
Any help on my forwards?
Pls?
De Rosario, Donavan, Keene
Wrote security monitoring story for Web Host Industry Review WHIR: Viruses spread by web pages increased 600 percent in last 2 yrs.
Tweeting from
Best name ever Stuff Smith and he's a killer violinist.
your funny.
Why dont you do hate in Someone else
Hate Philly but can't help getting excited for the winter classic
How is everyone doin??Im bored sitting here watching my son play the wii game
Excited for tonight!
Hoping to find a healthy option!
Any recommendations??
So, I hear the doctorer.
But my wine glass is empty :
Chillin in the airport good thing there's a bar can't wait to be home
Thought for the Day: Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin
weirdness.
Pittsburgh, I presume?
Emotions stir  cloud the feelings of the heart.
Calm these wave in the stillness of
Wizarding World of Harry Potter next week.
but, i don't want to sleep i want to watch roseanne into the wee hours.
can it be birthday week already?
Just got back from oceans of fun it was fun now it's raining:
doctoram big.
Have I told you I'm fasting for my physical this afternoon?
Need food...
light headed...
consciousness fading...
I don't think anyone could ever blow my high.
I always can find the fun when I'm high.
It's just rain.
10 dollar off wine night!!!
Sounds good!
sagittarius woman has a dirty mind 3
I like the data, I just don't think your cracking a case saying that speed correlates to 40.
Of course it is, just not only factor
wish I could meet you!
You are an awesome find!
You really are a true real honest to goodness talent!
raw fish  rice  knife?
I'd be happy to
: I hope you read my fb message.
I'd love to chat with you.
:
Peace out chicago, much love
Holding off on TheAvengers until next weekend, so, today, there will be Pirates!
my health class was talking about that today haha
sounds delicious Bob, keep on top of that mise en place!
911 calls and dashcam video to be released...
We're installing a new, better antenna!
We should be back on FM in another week or so, til then stream us online or through our app!
A sweet good morning and goodnight text every once in awhile would be nice.
Based on my calculations, you suck at everything.
I am crying watching Alaric die.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
you need to help me get to reply to me, I need advice about snowboarding!!
Haha :
you're such a fucking wonderful mom to your daughter.
me too!
for a while we thought i wasnt gonna make 5ft, i was 4'11.5 for long time
thrilled.
I don't know why I haven't done this already.
You displayed a lot of technique for someone I supposedly corrupted.
look forward to hearing about this one...
tonight is gonna be the shit!
Davis Cup sometimes doubles as launching pad Sometimes these hardcore individualists that populate tennis discover an extra gear in an u
definitely best Ts in
babysitting : lol this kid is bad he is throwin his cereal!!
So i got cereal wth milk then i finshed it n my stomach started to hurt n then my mom smelled it n it was sour : ugh
Reznor told MTV all about hitting rock bottom by overdosing on heroin.
If you can't trust MTV News, who can you trust?
me neither.
I get my jollies from watching others lol
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK DOWN AGAIN OMG
This shirty steady sayin teamnokids bitch you had about 5 abortions bitch u had kids lol seriously thou
lol dnt even get me started on thei battery
So many pics!
It looks like you have the answer to one of our riddles!
We'll repost it so you have a chance!
ahahaha thats the same for me
Nice.
Im down, lets try and meet up this weekend..maybe skate Garvanza.
Im going to be staying DT starting next week actually
u better know..don't make me kick u in ur knee cap
.
Thanks for the RT.
Can we count on you to join us tomorrow?
Ikea lunch!
I think Im going to tmobile then my dads taking me.
But you're taking me home :
This headache in the right frontal lobe area..
Is so not the wave right now.
It's actually just a tad bit scary
agreed.
i'm ready to sign on the dotted line.
Turiaf has been productive Spo, you gotta put him back on the court
Agreement on all terms and moving forward in a divorce is ideal, but a rare instance.
oh well...
: Can't imagine being on the east coast and having to wait until 9 for puck doctorp.
Morning.
Today the first rehearsals.
tom felt withered
Boyfriend just came on my roommates shuffle fate I might cover it just so I can say fondont  see who notices :P
Now watching funny clips of the Central Park sheep on EweTube.
i wanna go
Thank you 2003 NBA doctorft class for reloading the league with top tier talent.
Could have been real bleek without those guys.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
One more website will be launched today..
Stay tuned!!!
A small hint...Cruises, Catalina Island and ocean..
:
Our North Academy location won the 2011 Earth Cup!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
We are so proud of your team!
Slip into your own skin today and smile....if someone don't like that, laugh
Dont forget to submit your question related to skincare, massage therapy and stress relief to us by including Wellness4Mom in your post
Good memories and good company.
Pretty much sums up my night 
It's Wednesday.
Chug more coffee.
Kings in the Western Conference Finals.
No one cares in LA because the LAKERS are playing tonight.
Three auditions today...fingers crossed I book one :
Welcome aboard and big fat Twitter kisses to , , ,
summer is so close I can almost taste it.
The most productive thing I've done all day is narrow my Derby pick down to 3 horses.
thats what im wondering tooRT : The question is not if Nate McLouth will hit into the double play, but how early in the at bat
encourages his friends/enemies/acquaintances to follow him on Twitter
Anyone planning on going to opening weekend in Wrigley?
who do you think elena should end up with
I have a sweet tooth.
It's PULASKI Day!
I used to get this day off :
hey NACHO!
It's Dilley, quit being a nacho !
Thought you were Macho !
How do I apply for a job with you or your touring partner?
Nickys BIG BABY!!
you can trust me woooohooo
Damn shame
Doesn't seem like the scaffolding on the Wherehouse at Camden Yards is going to be down in time for Opening Day.
: Male deer masturbate by gently rubbing their antlers against a tree or through vegetation.
...Wow.
When you get your 2nd nono like , talk to me.
I'm 38 years old and I can nohit the
I love
Finished first Facebook login integration into a code project.
Only used simple features this time around.
What a dogshit penalty
Have you taken your bugs today?
Probiotics help build our digestive immune system.
I love liquid Nature's Life acidophilus in applehoney.
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Lyle killed it on JRIB Friday!!
And nice of him to mix in some sleeves.
ah!
Ben I hate you!
just wondering what tales these stones would tell if they could speak ...
Yeah m out at marquee listening to DJ gareth emery going off.
A humble thank you to all SBN viewers.
The new video had 300 views in the first day.
Carp diem quam minimum credula postero.
Horace.Translation: Seize the Day, put no trust in tomorrow.
Battle of the Bands today and it's FREE you should come.
that Laura Douglas girl on Facebook is a slut like damn.
I totally 3 Jon Stewart, but if you think Pesach is boring  you are doing it wrong!
you should see
nah pero me ire todo el summer
Looking forward to it.
See you there!
Expanding the warehouse one giant beam at a time!
how you doin beautiful?;
you mean being cute ;
what happened?
Happy holidays!
congrats!
But what is that?
i know...
ive been busy
what does the mean?
I'm the designated table holder who forgot game 1 started at 5.
Arrived late,got the very last table.
Oops.
Hi Lori, was in Durban in 2003...
thoroughly enjoyed South Africa!
Health Tip: Watching your cholesterol?
Go easy on the cheese.
Just 2 slices can supply 12 grams of saturated fat.
EEK!
Oh my gosh!
Thanks so much to Ben and Brendan from for your wonderful article and photos!
final projects  broad st run trump cinco de mayo celebrations, maybe next year i'll have my priorities straight.
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.Napoleon Hill
Late registration is open until 2:15 pm.
Start at noon, play until midnight, then come back at noon the next day to finish.
I worked HeadStart in the past!
Grew up near Pittsburgh across the river in OH and lived in Oakdale PA 20102011
bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls 
Praise youth and it will prosper.Proverb

Hate Me If You Want , To Be Honest iDont Caree , Love Me If You Wantt , iDont Care .
Either Wayy Im On Your Mindd ,  DakotaBrittney.!
omg that's horrifying
and more than half weren't even official bfs.
It was like a 12 month thing
RT : So many awesome sessions...so few time slots...
What ever happened to doctorke Bell????
: 333333333
thanks for tweeting this :
Thank you I am getting alot better ; I wish I was there too!
bra send me yo line
Great movie.
I gotta see it again.
Picnic date shall be fun c:
the old name was our old singers and we didn't want to make enemies...
SuperBowl On by the way for those who have no idea this is Cee Lo doctorssed down..
My Popz use to call a nigga yum yum eat em up lol remember dat
5bestsmells when you open something new, my farts, the sweat from my ass flap, burning hamsters , a girls vagina after i destroyed it.
we did!
15 will be a biggie!
Wishing that libraries would consider video games as a viable format and catalog them as such.
probably in the hood.
Or try Smiths on Brady.
Or my refrigerator.
If SOFT Spencer Hawes or Lou pump Williams are resigned will be CRIMINAL!
Loved the view of downtown, Naval Base San Diego, a cruise ship, and the Nimitz coming into Lindbergh.
It's good to be home in San Diego.
doctornk 40'S
your still awake?
or are you up early?
WHAT ARTIST IN KC has new singles they need help promoting
Yes Ma'am
: Congrats to Pierre McGuire on his nomination in the Best Sports Reporter Category at 33rd Annual Sports Emmy Awards.
this a joke?
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I cant accept not trying.
Michael Jordan

thanks for the heads up  1 of my favorite places to take my clients!!
I always clean my room and I never came across it just chuck it up as a loss........lol
i cnt right now im on following limit but wen i can i will promise
lmfaoo thanks for making me laugh : Lolololol
I called you TWICE today!
Some men do what they can, others do what they want...
or at a lot of different areas?
And if it's one area  which area would be best for a tech cofounder to be GOOD at?
: guns are the worst thing ever invented.
yeah but what else would we use against the zombies
man you better stop eatin that
On the road to Colgate for the hockey games, Soul Man  Gimme Some Lovin' both came on the radio.
dearyoungself twitter and facebook are going to be awesome, oh and buy some apple stock
It's Mirabella Eclano, a beautiful mountainous town near Benevento.
It's a poor place but rich in antioxidant farms!
; 
Half the day is gone
Worst record is 40120 1962 MetsRT : Through 4 weeks this season, Twins have won 6, on pace for the worst record since 1919
Skipped track ..
: Yes!
I was just thinking about how much I love those people  strangers and friends  who always keep my
Happy New Year
Wow, what a cool concept!
Life without a friend is death without a witness.
Eugene Benge
lmao don't worry about it, just pray they find something better to do with their lives, love you33
I am chump
Slapping myself everytime I say like
pressure for a craving?
When all else fails, mac n cheese
Thanks for the support and we're almost there!
oh, and you just used it too?
BothLosers SkylerIsABiggerLoserSheNeedsToLeaveSheSucks!!!!!
That was the most Awkward WheelOfFortune Episode ever lol
Miss your face Love!!
's house for the night
Wish I could hit the A wit my brother and cuzo  but my PO wasn't fuckin with the short notice
Some people follow others on Twitter only to harvest more names for purposes of spam;
Adam Sandler is not being funny on peoplechoice.
Make it stop
autofill/correct strikes again.
What can I say?TCtechnologically challenged!
I hate when people ask stupid/obvious questions..
Finishing up the artwork for Fair Play dvd cover
don39;t talk to me what part od bye don39;t you understand?
that's great
ohh lmao.
im showing my sister and shes laughing : Lmao, there funny though :
Hiah everyone I'm chillin today goin to read some IB stories yeahBUDDY!!!
And as of right now I'm single SWAG yeahBUDDY!!!
:
you are special to me bats eyes
Bach melodies music to Seski's ears.
Bring Seski calm before tomorrow storm.
Beckett is the bomb!
RT  wonders if it is OK to cheer for the Jacksonville Jaguars at the Buffalo Bills game tonight?
I'm watching our show and thinking of you!
Do you know which one?
Miss ya!
Music time...
Kfc running out of chicken
I don't understand when a fire alarm goes off in a building...get out.
These people just sit there.
Just because im nice to u n like to kick it with u dont mean i want to fuk u!
Listening to a webinar about engaging employees in the information age
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
So many dust bunnies in the Guggenheim.
hahaah that sounds awesome!
A proper journalist stays awake his whole life.
RT : A snail can stay asleep for 3 whole years.
to do with a 1000 giftcard?
I would buy an IPAD2 to use with the Autism students I teach!!
Thanks for the follow.
I love to communicate with people so far away.
Admittedly an 80s spinoff, allowing for tons of guiltyfree laughs.
Excellent comedy for a night of fun with friends.
Great for: Birthday parties, Corporate Events, Out door family events, Weddings, back yard bbqs, and whenever you want to have FUN!
It hurt so bad!
Then, he just wouldn't cut me,  id get stuck on his socks.
: I'm so glad he takes better care of me now!
This brooks shit is getting old...i think everyone should just doctorp it...
justme?
Yep.
RT Brands advertise up but people are looking down.
mobile Think about it.
Even better, build permission.
i forgive you etsy my love!
thanks for that post!
tht was one time and i did purposly to fck witchu.
yu came at me wrong.
Obama just became the first POTUS to support same sex marriage.
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your Tweets abt our favorite city  Seattle!
Stop in and say hi!
If had all his mentions sent to his phone it would explode in 1 second :
Getting ready for band rehearsal wondering 'do people still go out and watch original rock bands anymore?'
we both just nodded and said huh.
yeah.
I can see that...
Good hangs with Beer, vampire movie and honest discussion.
Hey Stuff, hope to see you tonight .
Stop by 117Jaisle.
Go Magic!
A special guest will be cohosting ONLY THE HITS with  on March 27th!
We will be releasing more THIS TUESDAY!
Outstanding effort tonight JH.
D owned that field!
Still waiting on my Mare to Hopefully deliver twin foals.
Only happens 1 in 10,000 births.
Due anytime between the 10th and the 16th.
thanks for following me.
Press on.
Starting to see shit clearer now.
OO
Grandma: You going for the heat Brother: No Grandma: You need to go sit at the dining table by yourself Lmao!!
My grandma just snapped
I'm so sleepy, but I got my new laptop charger :D ayay.
Fun fact....Lemon cookies go great paired with Witty.
I bet Santa would love it!
It's So cold out.
That's fantastic, thanks so much!
Bout to take this medicine and take my ass back to sleep
Never trust someone who lies to you.
Never lie to someone who trust you.
and I've done just fine on my own but I'm very glad to know that there are programs out there for them!
Ready for my phone upgrade.
Corp email on my Ipad through the Good App is Great!
Was just saying how lucky we were not to lose power during the hurricane...
When the power went out.
yes please pin away, thank you!
You to Terri, have a good one :
The Great Gatsby is a bad ass book!!
Those DirecTV ads require me to eat an entire bottle of Paxil every time they're on.
Nah.
Totally legal, it's how it's done apparently.
Simple tip to Avoid holiday weight gain: The more sugar you eat the less fat you burn.
Happy Easter everyone!
Be sure to come check out our show this coming Saturday at the Clifton forge armory!
you don't really want my heart, you just like to know you can.
hello!!
I really miss working at wws!!!!
yea, im pretty sure it wont last long, the one a while ago didnt either.
They have dc compliments too...
Long morning in
I have to paint.
It's what I do.
Whether I sell or not.
But I have to sell to keep painting.
Balance.
I'm always looking for balance.
People that set fireworks off in the middle of the night need to have their asses kicked.
Seriously?
Aries Embrace change and let your emotions guide you.
Can't type.
Need a fill.
Scuse the typo.
I wana talk on the phone tonight
You make me feel insacure about my high sir.;
mca memorial week continues..
up next, paul's boutique on a 36hr loop
Ooh!!?
Hello my old friend...
I have been to your theatre many times!
can you please follow me i been doing wht u r saying in your tweets for u to follow me and u havent yet :
That awkward moment when you're in church and you find out your study hall teacher is your friend's grandfather
When?can't find any current info online.
Beergivr hates your phone, not you.
Did you miss out because the code is a big ol D bag?
I agree!
Wish ASTD2012 lasted 1 more day so I could have connected in person w you  a few other key folks.
Let's chat soon.
Happy Earth Day; how are you going to make a difference?
Every now and then, I fall apart.
I Miss You Too :
What celeb do you think has the best hair?...
past or present!
I came up with a great name for a condom company.
Kingdoms fit for a king
LunchOutside maybe at alki at dukes?
State Board of Educ member Paul Lundeen testifying against multistate testing bill.
Joan Pratt is a separately elected official, not answerable to the Mayor.
I have been to 6 of them and all of them were amazing: I want to try them all!!
you should post an article on your blog about companies in their situation...
maybe a list not too invest in or something?
:
Our song is the way you laugh
Just one of those days....
Free Picks begin again tomorrow.
All members from today will get FREE access next time we charge for plays.
Morning Mindbender Question: If you suffer from mageiricophobia, what are you afraid of?
Headed Home Had Fun Wit Oomf Nw She Done Fell Asleep On Me
not being informed and not believing it could affect them
Well, it wasn't NOT awesome...
Got my prom doctorss!
:D
So many excellent things going on in MKE!
Things I'm checking out: Gallery Night , RW24 ,  Radio Summer Camp yay!
I think I had a horrible fantasy football doctorft yesturday.
What was I thinking.
Just prayin chris johnson signs asap

Many men will make the mistake of thinking a Scorpio is a good follower.
They are wrong.
adults should not ride megabus.
Period.
Why is it so hard to find extremely B.A.
shoes in vegan materials?
Why?
I feel like every vegan shoe is styled for hippies...
Excited about tomorrow!!!
Brand new new line Silverflower Jewelry Designs and new restocks from Ttereve 3
Concert tonight with Frank London at Historic TIVOLI in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Was a rocking time...
1000 people loved it..
Watched Lionel Richie on WDYTYA today.
Awesome show.
Fridays are great with the show and Geneablogger's BlogTalkRadio!
Whats on my mind is me worrying about them succeeding in life and being able to make it on their own...
Oh look, Fascinating Celeb is on E!
again.
one of my all time favorite games.
We're sorry you were disappointed, some of the doughs do spread less, but we promise you ingested the same amount of cookie!
love this tweet girl.
preach!
What is not art?
Yahoo: Tebow is slightly less marketable than Oprah YOU get an interception!
And YOU get an interception!
Everyone gets an interception!
I suspect many of us had been waiting for something with the form factor of the Galaxy Note: big enough to see for more than calls.
what did I say?
for instance...how many championships are players x going to win, who gives a Fuck...just sayin' have a nice day and LET'S GO PENS!
i dare you to take credit for what i've done.
you deserve every bit of it in a way.
lol i just call it how i see it
: Today is Chris Brown's birthday.
We are all celebrating by watching people beat each other up.
Congrats Ike!
wow...
I would love to be consideredOver 6 years of experience in restaurants  a year  a culinary book publishers!
I never win as it is!!!
Haha
Airport Flow 
NOWADAYS i get a haircut once every other week..wow
All packed up for the long early AM doctorve back to the district tomorrow.
Had a lovely birthday and week with friends and fam in
Vacation over!
Back to work and to bootcamp with !
Bound to be painful.
as Josh may have told you, I hated wearing clothes back then
What would I do at THE Joe Louis Arena?
HIT SOMEBODY!!!
g
Well done Paul, well deserved.
I hope Steve makes it back safely with trophy!
Thank you!
I like, but it was all over the arena...and I I'm pissed I didn't think of it first
Hello to all at the edmeet chat!
Which Star Went to the Holocaust Museum in a PrisonEsque Jumpsuit?
Let 's see, let 's see...what to wear the premiere of a film about th
uh oh, am I in trouble?
Wasn't concerned when E started conversations with her reflection.
Should I be concerned that she now says her reflection is hitting her?
Wonder if i'll ever get noticed by !
x
Having a great morning of classes!
Pulse is coming up at 10:30!
Space is available..call us
Thanks for helping me discover that is dog friendly!
I had a really good day today!
Looking forward to the weekend, though, too.
MPT Cole moves to ppd advisory committee item; even with a headstart, atxcouncil might not get a nov.
2013 election after all
Waiting for the shuttle at the hotel for disney :D with my lil' sis.
3
Anyone have any idea where were supposed to go today for testing?
Lmao
just made it on the inside at the naca mortgage fair.
boy the AC feels nice.
San Diego Cinema Society screened ActOfValor tonight.
It's impressive work, completely gripping from start to finish.
that sounds like a great idea :P
aw soo cute
Who knows a good place to buy quality vanilla beans in Northern Virginia?
You did :P RT no, you said that ;b
You will love Dallas!
I will show you around, and give you the best RE recommendation!
It really doesn't matter what anyone else says, thinks, or believes; especially when God has already said yes!!!
RM
the situation you are in may be a test from God to see what opportunities you decide to take..
There's a dude on TLC boiling and baking goat heads for dinner because he's too cheap to buy real food.
We knew that already.
me too that's why I wanna fight them I mean we thought they are they same and we are the same so its fair
: WhatMeansTheWorldTo Libra being right and ALWAYS keepin it 100 No Doubt!
See everyone today at the Mayors Food Truck Fiesta Tampa 112
when you are a dude it's leadership, when you are a woman it's being bitchy
so basically u sayin u let all your boyfriends hit raw becuase there ur boyfriend if thats the case u the dirty one
Learn to master the Kettlebell Swing, the basic foundational exercise.Single most important exercise for every human.
Enjoy :
My brains too complicated to think of something that simple!
Next time, text me!

any chance you can join me on my radio show today at 3:30pm ET?
Plz email me at .
Thx!
Thanks for the follow!
Don't forget residents at Baltimore locations get a sweet deal to become a BmoreZipster!!
William Beckett is perfect and you know it.
Morning beautiful world!: and all the people that live on it!
: definitely!
Keep up the hard scrappy work!
In the final leg of my morning radio shift at Then tonight I get to act in a 1night only murder mystery.
Fun!!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 19, 2012
Why Thank You So Much I Feel Like I Have Some Support For Once You Are Just Spectacular Honey!
Went to a Prescreening of The 5 Year Engagement and signed a confidentiality agreement to not speak about the movie until it's release :
haha,random and y?
:
I love iTunes Match.
Syncs all my music across iTunes on MacBook Pro, MacBook Air,  iPhone.Reject solutions: GoogleMusic, media server, etc
Glad to hear it turned out.
Keep me posted on the doctor cure!
no.
You are never too late ;
yeah yeah so's mine haha follow me?
hannahmoss14 : x
Blake Griffin is proof that evolution does exist.
Just look at him...
love it.
thanks girl.
i was listening to someone with some really backwards ideals earlier and that made me feel better hahah
The Bus Finallyy Came..
And Me ndd Sydney Are The only ones here.
;
I don't understand how Mexican soccer can get worldwide trends..........
Happy Thanksgiving dude !
Hope u have a great time with your fam !
Wishing you a wonderful Easter, a beautiful spring, and a song in your heart all year.
sent you a email
Listenin' to Offspring and Greenday as loud as I can til the kids get home..then I'll have to turn back into responsible adult :P
Good luck!
I thought the same thing....
i hope is okay...
I hate seeing him like that./:
We had a pretty sweet one when I lived out near Pittsburgh.
Though, I don't want to picture a Riverview that serves beer.
Hey I hope you are have a great Thursday check out this epic protoss versus zerg game on Blistering Sands
Just found my old perfume!
I love smelling this good:
So close to kickoff!
Bands, are you ready for your closeups?
hope im not sore in the morning ..
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along.
I think mine got hit by a truck.
Thanks for the follow!
Just followed you back.
Awesome to discover new music.
Love the sound.
It's going to be 94 degrees tomorrow.
Where will I be?
In a building with 2,500 other sweaty teenagers.
Life sucks...
I'm gonna make it one of these days!
RT : Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30midnight.
5
Radio AND the TV?
Party RT Who the heck is up right now?
Anyone partying like I am?
Radio and TV on!!
One of those days where after i brush meh hair , it sticks straight up.
Don't think about your competition, if u keep striving they will eventually doctorp out the race.
Somebody gotta quit, just don't let it be u.
Lool damn I keep violating the doctorss code at my school every day this week.
Mann fuck George Washington.
so I'm just sitting here wondering if you'll ever tweet me or follow me.
At least consider it man?!
I Miss you lots and lots
yes and no says
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers hits four 2run HRs against Baltimore Orioles Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton's torrid 2012
is a genius, I know.
RT : WEATHER DISCO!
3
your Jose tweets deserve to be their own pay per view event.
I love you you are very very pretty
lol RT if any of yall dont like my tweets or what im about to do,feel free to step to me and say so.
I be erwhere yall be at
lol!
Go to sleep!
Watching famliy matters :
At work just thinking about the upcoming summer, lots of moves will be made.
Vegas  Miami/Cruise are looking like a go.
thanx for the follow back :
I.
Am.
So.
Tired.
Blah.
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
This Thursday...the AoTW is by...
www.vinylhoursradio.com for more info
Did you make it Union Station for National Train Day?
It was fun!

um no.
They're not.
Tip: Avoid menthol.
It only deadens the pain.
It doesn't get rid of what's actually happening in your throat.
Don't damage.it.

Good morning you guys '
is not ninja
good answer teamblake forever
what's good kid?
I'm surrounded by hypocrites.
What are your thoughts on the NFL doctorft?
How do you think your team did?
I'm very proud of myself!
:D
Can you make a shoutout to me ?: Ariel Smith:
yes, you are that much closer to becoming a domulebrity!
did you enter?
Haircut????
I think so.
Thanksgiving dinner with Jennifer Love Hewitt.
wade fucked up
Happy Birthday Onochie!
RT : RT : The people I met this school year 
Very well today, thank you.
And you?
Thank you for sharing today's post.
Two friend requests in one day??!!
Remember last week when I said it was eerily quiet in I was wrong.
Today it's really eerily quiet.
Getting closer to completion on my project.
Must work.
:
Just doctorpping by to show some luv.....
How r yah?
Going to go see my brother tomorrow
Worried my cat might combust...
he's sitting so close to the space heater and won't move.
ya gotta work through the bad to get to the good
So.
The pupperdoodle loves ice cream!
and loves you.
My husband is actually the person handling it at this point so I will mention to him we've been in touch....
Hey there happy hour!
We missed you.
47 Come see us!
New Jersey is happening
Awww I was just thinking the other day that you put me onto Jazmine Sullivan.
Glad we can share good music with each other!
Diet tip: doctornk 16 ounces of H2O 1/2 hour before a meal helped participants eat about 13 less
You can leave the door open, but eat outside, and insist you're inside
you should ask him if he wants help practicing!
Sad night.
Losing a great band director after so long.
Next year is going to be so weird...
AH!!!
WHO'S READY FOR BELIEVE, COME ON LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE: tweet me with ReadyForBelieve and I'll RT IT Leggo 3
If the Higgs Boson gives mass to all other particles, it should be everywhere...so, why so hard to find?
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is Knowing who your real homies are!
Friends come and go.You'll know which ones really got your back thru it all.
on my way to nyc to sing  st john the divine  see palemale
That's a great doctoram to have!
:
This school year man has taught me a lot about myself and other people
Followed back!3
Gudmorinin world I'm wit yellow gurl
Full Brace Face now
What did you do this BIRTHDAY weekend?
no problem : xx
Haven't opened it yet.
I'll Iet you know.
Starting a countdown before Yankees fans tell you that you're biased to the Sox because you tweeted that you like the food.
Boy: Dad, I got a girlfriend!
Dad: Nice!
Atta boy son!!
Girl: Dad, I got a boyfriend!
Dad: loads shotgun
ma cherie amor was that last song I listened to before I went into work.
Been on my mind all night
if u have to ask, u can't afford it
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Charles Horton Cooley
JJ Hardy's homerun almost landed on top of and I.
Get To Know Her ;
..and to everyone for whom Mother's Day is a big hole of hurt this year or any, lots of love.
that is all.
Our ACM School of Music at 1758 W.
Wilson currently has halfoff special on piano for May if you're interested in trying it
Facebook Privacy is an oxymoron.
Glad to hear it!
Thanks.
You know im always working same as you.
RT : why aren't u sleeping in?
treat siri just like , just remember how far superior you are.
only if we can watch avengers for the second movie
Complete strangers commenting on my beer selection.
Mind your own Coors Light doctornker!
I think we're going to extra innings.
Oh wait, that was my revelation.
Well, we'll see what comes up...
RT : one of my faves!!
Throw just a smidge of dill relish in there stir it up and go!
3
when we start our team that's the kind of performance I will expect from you!
I haven't talked to you in forever
the old lady is smoking on that kiesha
RT : Ladies:: Here's a clue..When a man really wants to be with someone NO excuses will be made..Time will be made!
Inch by inch
Love hard, work hard, play hard cause life's hard but God is good!!
I wanna get a cat and name him Harry.
So done with school.
I don't even feel like getting doctorssed in the mornings.
As of today Facebook iPhone app now lets you unfriend people while mobile.
Wait, you couldn't do that already?!?
Watching what is apparently the end of the Eagles Football Season in Arizona.
A pretty girl with bad breath is like a fast car and no keys.
Ain't going nowhere!
it looks great..I ll be looking forward to see it :
Today the Red doctorss Collection Fashion Show kicking off in New York to support a national awareness campaign for women about heart disease!
What do these dumb bitches not get about being in a library?
Stfu
yes they can be.
But I'm sure there are emotions you do enjoy!?
These new rifts are tasty ;
What is trending right now?
We like to stay up to date what is trending online so share one!
My mornings are defined by red brakelights :
Damn atlanta
Thank you so much for your help.
Truly appreciated :
Managed to connect a few wellplaced Miss Piggy karate kicks to items on my todo list today.
hiYA!!
what happened?
: did u skype with fans?
i wish i coulda skyped with you :
lol yea she doin my hair
Write on!
Watching the rest of Up completed my day
yes i am interested in them but i won't have the money till after modern warfare comes out.
if you still have it i will get it
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours
Off to the beach!
So glad my bff Scott could come over, we had to have a serious temple run discussion.
Thank you!
I'm happy that you and your daughter like the book.
The young and the restless  the bold and the beautiful are my shows !
:
Interested in the Arctic?
I'm now tweeting from about the latest AK news and info, along with other AK team members.
Snow level at 2500' on Friday??
Is it too much to ask for winter to feel like spring?
I don't hate, but I'm close with this weather.
Best fitness advice for the New Year?
Get excited about exercising again by mixing it upTake a dance class.
Play tennis.
Walk the lake.
how's about some follow love for ?
Dear Kate Upton  Bryce Harper: you're both too young for everybody else.
Just start boning already
Good to run into you outside Sliders.
Keep up the good work.
RT : You have to add personality to your brand.
Add that personal touch
I love that my 9 yr old is SO into this doctorft...plus he's got the New Era doctorft hat straight from Lambeau
haha probably pasta ;
How do you feel about Taylor?
Skylar?
my Serie A teams are Udinese and Fiorentina.
Yeah.
I'm weird.
I need to bring you your gifts
Unrequited love is no bueno.
Polone: How Id Fix Disney
hahaha.
Thanks, Belle!
Let's get NiallHoranIsBeatiful trending.
M waffles!!!
Pancakes are Fin Gay!!!
Someone take me to bahama bucks!
And i'll love you forever!
3
No problem girl!
:
Layered: Fall coat  Spring Coat  Winter jacket.
On our way to Omaha, playing Barley Street tonight.
21
Great article, Stephanie.
awesome news!
Go easy.
my daugher has successfully hidden my phone from me and left it in the sunny yard all weekend and dumped a glass of milk on my laptop!!!
FF these Latinos in Social Media
thanks man!
Hope all is well!
Hey yall....hope yall having a great day so far.
you and me both
wants to go for Mexican tonight.
You?
Where you at!?
The Moon is a visible sliver out the window,  is no issue unless U R a Mother a widow, Dad killed n war You don't C, supposed 2 set U Free
Made it to day 2!!
Woohoo!
Got 80k in chips.
Tomorrow starts at one.
See u all there!
:
A new giveaway guitar will be announced later today.
I think you guys will be pumped about it...
Can you guess the brand?
Giants BItches!!
Happy happy birthday!
May all your doctorams come true.
I hope you like this birthday tweet, I made it just for you!
: HappyBirthdayJaxon ...
Whoa  that's incredible.
I used Netscape to view it in.
Means Wordpress is more popular.
:
thank you for having us Timeless' at your festival!
good dude and funny.
RT Looking for suggestions for podcast guests.
I think i finally found a song that describes everything i'm feeling right now
RT : I just want to thank a few followers 4 being there
You're the bomb!
Haven't been on twitter much.....been super ill.
Have a blessed weekend!
It is so incredibly nice out  lets hope it stays this way for tonight's game!
Make a nigga rich
Tampa bay and atlanta
RT : No parent should have to choose between a job and a sick parent.
momsattheWH we need SS caregiver credits
: The second you stop chasing them is the second they'll start chasing you.
Busy day tomorrow.
Three meetings on Wednesday.
everyone follow she'll give you the best posts..
SHES MEXICAN!

, how do I get in touch w/ the woman re: the LinkedIn for journalists training mentioned on todays ncmewebinar??
Ha, thanks for that!
You back in Chico for the holidays?
So I have no school today and I dont work..
Why am I up so early?
Might as well be productive
Just saw avengers movie great flick check it out
Friends come and go but real friends last a lifetime:
I'm actually heading to the ale haus right now.
What are you up to
It's so hard though!
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership who was the idiot to start this smear campaign BeNiceBen when you should be saying
Stop talking in walk to walk
Heaven is a state of mind, not a location!
This is so true!
Yeah, I ordered plantain pancakes topped w/ Cotija cheese :
IN BLACK TWO PARTIES FOR THE PRICE OF ONE 9AM TO 6AM Special Guest FMI Mafia Dolls
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout X
I'm almost positive Austin got signed.
GOP you want to do is change the subject civil liberties to other things saying POTUS just loves to listen to the sound of his own voice :
what about Scorpio : A Libra will be very attentive, observing all of their surroundings.
what happened?
We play tonight at 11pm Cleveland.
Great bands all night.
not me tho!!!
I living high and happy on sugar!!
and not to mention out of shape!!!
I'm stressed that I can't keep up with this topic I LOVE  am i a Struggling reader or what!!??!!
Sure!
Just Add the soaked apples to your fav spice cake recipe.
I use Fuji apples and soak them for at least a 24hrs.
:
Dear features editor, 'I was supposed to go home a long time ago.' Yeah, go home.
Now.
all of my teams won today :D
Well it's official.
I guess it's time to start using this account!
Got it all in with Ks10c vs 5s6s on QsJs9s board and lost a 3800 dollar pot.
you hate my kings dont you?
When you hire Lien Design, you benefit from an organic team of highly talented professorssionals pooled together over the last decade.
im boutta really diss both u fags
I am nothing.
I have to be hyperactive all the time to fascinate people enough so they don't notice there is nothing.
Zizek or Canseco?
So proud of how well ThinkLikeAMan was executed!
I am so impressed with the writing and the cast.
Just a fantastic job all around.
Opening day!
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Sirius Black
Who else is on Twitter?
Are you following us?
:No actually, you are wrong.
How is Wilders even comparable to those he is raising the alarm on?
Seen Fitna?
Doubt it.
is looking for a Progam Controller EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!!
Pays 75K.
Email your resume to 
sending u something tonight lets get it in
I know that theoretically I should...but it doesn't seen to work that way.
Lol!
People Who Wait Till The End Of The Year To Act Hard
I don't get it.
So nervous bout saying that...
H8 U, Chaucer.
Especially the Merchant's tale.
That thing is long as hell and I can't think of a thing to write about it.
I can doctorve where I want
omg i love your name
Agreed.
I'm excited about it.
Being honest is never something you should be ashamed of...
2 Im not ADD enough to keep up with you people here.
you gon be at Tony room again???
Positive thinking is a system of beliefs.
It's time to change and evolucionate to the globalization.
Be positive and keep goals up.
I failed everyone to prepare you for a lifetime of inevitable disappointments.
A pessimistic teacher.
St.
Paddy's Day or St.
Puppy Day?!
Join me on Chnl 8 right now for Humane Society benefit!
At what time you thinking?
She goe b NAKED :
text me later or tomorrow then tell her I said hi !:
I'm doing great, thank u for asking!!
Hope u are as well :
Epic weekend ahead!!
me to!
So quiet and eerie at the office  it must be
IcantTrustYouIf I tell you I love you!
you struggle to say anything back.
It took me alot of courage to say that to you ASSHOLE!
I am so embarrassed..I was asked to leave a place cause of the kids, its sad that I can't go places w/out a sitter.
I cried :
Your jokes are fucking awesome and that's exactly why MTV didn't like them.
It should be an automatic win tonight for the Angels...that should be that rule if the home team has bad weather.
I am looking for a Vice President for GolinHarris NY with Personal Care and /or Food experience.
tisk tiskk ...your nail polish is chipping....
I somehow have Missouri winning the National Championship?
friday at ClubSecrets and saturday at ClubISIS what else could you want?
: FitnessTip Want lower Abs?
Leg Raises  Reverse Crunches And a good diet!
Choose optimism.
It builds your confidence.
Believe that today will be better than yesterday and that tomorrow will be better yet.
Proof that people will spend millions of dollars on a HORRIBLE IDEA: there's a Three Stooges movie in theaters ...
ops...
top of the 4th.
and just got worse.62 St.
Louis.
i thought it was being made by Sony ?
oh dear ipod where TF are you ?
;x
On my way to Cincinnati this morning for audition in feature film.
In the convertible, top down!
Kick ass!!
Nice days like this makes me wanna take a ride on a Harley.
Sigh...
Working out w/my boyfriend!
aw thanks for your kind words.
I can't believe I'm anybody's favorite but it's so flattering!
Thanks, Lysa!
:D
Oh , Good Luck With That !
.
iigh Cool Cool Just Hmu .
It was awesome!!
The service and food was amazing..
we are going back monday, then going to look at Christmas lights!
:
but they're not 40 miles apart either.
It's different I guess
welcome to the blog catalog network.
Zero tolerance for Hypocrites
I don't need to rub the greatness of Cuse basketball in anyones face ESPN will do it for me!
I hate biology.
I hope it dies.
Do I deviate from the Michael Pollan rules?
Sure.
But I mostly go by them.
Good to know I did even before I read them.
People that envy me all I can say is thanks.
Waht Eva girls or niqqas say is juss shit tht pisses me off:
I teabagged ur doctormset: WHY ARE YOU SO SWEATY?
I WAS WATCHING COPS.
YOU TOUCHED MY doctorMSET BECAUSE COPS DOESN'T START TIL 4.
Are you in love or lust..?
How do you know?
Love takes it's time; lust is demanding...
Thanks  pretty excited about spending the summer with educators way smarter than me
Left is Right  Bitter Carla Bruni lashes out at France's national broadcaster claiming: 'It's left wing television'  Daily Mail
True  MT Everyone can be a reporter; not everyone can be a journalist.
i'm pretty sure i'm going
hahah, good idea.
And I guess I should go with you, simply for observation purposes.
I feel just like I'm living someone else's life It's like I just stepped outside When everything was going right
why is it that when ever we play more than twice a week.
we never play any of them.
getting my hair wbu
I don't think that gay sandwich will get old.
That FCAT had me sleepy
Medeco  3rd question: the ball bearing in the sidebar must be installed with it facing qhich direction?
Process tells us how.
Purpose tells us why.
Process is the purpose.
Another Alinsky crumb for thoughtful implementation
when is bacon day?
Thanks for sharing!
Looking forward to chatting tomorrow about
Optimizing Self Expression employs the real mechanics of the mind, one of my ideas and discoveries.
Select Flogging Molly as the artist on Pandora and you have your St.
Patty's Day music for the entire day.
Promise.
hi friends!
New articles up!!!
Get them while they are hot!
Glad we were able to help!
excitied to see people trying out twitter!
had to block some spammers though.
NOWFOLLOWING RT for that good ol' follow
RIP Barnabas Collins.
I'm jealous  I'd love to be there to listen in; glad you guys are live tweeting it.
So im gonna grow out my hair really long and get it all silver: and then I'll just curl it everyday
The flip board challenge, always a fav.
And loving the lever action
oh I bet!
: take tons of pictures!!!
lol!
is now officially on The Kinetik Tour!
Dates coming soon!
All I do is Lin Lin Lin no matter what.
Thanks for showing your support for the initiative !
Every day something new is being invented.
These transitions should not cause you meltdowns.
We Must Have Faith And Our doctorams Will Become True!
That shit works.
Same exact strategy I used on a teacher who screwed me over on a grade this semester.
She's changing my grade.
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up how do I print the online authorization form?
Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
So Hunger Games ISN'T about overweight childoctorn playing tag, huh?
Well color me embarrassed.
I'm Lexi The Love doctor
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems
I'm long time DLister Radio Reme.
I just wanted to say that your Wed show was great.
That Ickey Woods intrvu was the best!
Happy Bike to Work Week!
Bike by our stores on your way to work and enjoy a FREE 12 oz coffee or Cold Brew!
i get brain n the whip who needs a smart car
where is part 3??
Damn derwin and Melanie got fired from the game lmao
Seniors travel abroad without taking health precautions
Sending out another alert in the morning, sign up now!
Summer is almost over and school is about to begin.....who is still short funds and needing some help?
Bulls Baby!!
I have done absolutely shit today.
Thanks, lady!
Miss you!
Yeah.
I saw Chris Rock today.
Zero if you're using Nest!
Check it out, super cool new technology to save energy and make lives easier
when will you answer emails to
Final Four!
Thank YOU for voting everyone.
6 more days of voting begins tomorrow  7am.
Thanks for getting me there!
Awesome, sounds like a plan.
the ap english test nerves aren't hitting me right now.
i really should be sleeping.
This weather was created for lunch on the patio.
Our patio.
At least that's the word going around town.
Girl you need to date Koda because you and him look good together!!
Apparently every time I tweet I get a FREE iPad!
If you have a business you would like to receive a lot of traffic with.
Check out our advertising page on our site.
Ah, enjoying my morning coffee!
so much tailgate food yesterday....bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops was only the beginning!
I went on one of those milk runs with you once!
i lovee you ...
I wish i can meet you one day!
You are awesome!
...
Please notice me?
Don't get in trouble.
Take our brewers shuttle.
Stop in for a doctornk and get a ride to and from the game.
Long time no tweet!
Hope ur well!
You might as well go get your pro time in now while you're up!
YES please do that!
We could really use that!
in Tuscan restaurant at Hyatt now
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Arkansas likes those former Louisville coaches.
Bobby Petrino and now John L.
Smith
shoe shoes the material of booze the moe you buy the more you lose!!
RIP Mitch.
How many people out there just want these people to go away,BO,Axelrasputin,DWS,Sebilieus,Carney,Biden and the rest of the admin...
DON'T SPILL ON MY ROBE.
ThX 4 sharing!
: It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
u shouldnt follow....lol.
might take you where u dont wanna be....lmao
happy Tuesday!
Have a great day
I love how old people instantly assume I'm some ASBO teenager..
Do I really look like I have a gun?
thank you for inspiring not just this gal but the ENTIRE world, I can't even wrap my brain around what you've done  WILL do!
XO
Everyone in courtroom waiting for verdict.
Could be probation all the way up to life in prison.
I'm definitely the naked guy.
I think you're the can't complete a sentence guy
ur next album title should be called macaroni and trees
Madonna is 53.
But guess what Superbowl and all you manwhores, She will be 54 Next year
Great minds think alike.
;
So cold in my editing bay today that I'm for once actually thankful my MacBook Pro runs extremely hot.
Stop tapping me.
A good friend of mine used to say, It's a very simple game.
You throw the ball, you kick the ball, you catch the ball.
pizza with green peppers can make a crappy day a bit better, i think
That was a tense standoff.
Maybe.
I think that's what the music cue told me.
thanks for following welleducator.org!
Look forward to tweeting with you.
why is my neighbor mowing his yard at 7 am.
In THEORY, ACO motivations more patientfocused than HMOs, which are cost focused.
Your Hercules to me baby!3
so sorry to hear that Buck.
My favorite was the big doughy guy dancing for the dance cam in his jersey!
Special flowers delivered,sent by the most awesome couple I know  love makes me no long care about wind, tmobile, or being sick 3 XO 3 XO
That cut is particularly good on it!
Great suggestion, and thanks for being there for us!!!
We will be there for you and your 3D madness for a good long time!
RT : Who wants to be mentioned in the new song I'm writing know?
RT this message with ur name at the end  Briana
Up on iTunes search Coach Carlos' podcast
questionsthatdontgetanswers do you give head?
OnSite SEO means making sure that every part of your site is well readable to the search engines.
North Korea's missile launches were duds.
They should have saved all that money and help feed their peeps instead
Can any of my followers give me there facebook link to add me as a friend?
or so i can add you?
Let's smoke...
No work today 
I am so close to just going back to bed, so close.
shit.
good point.
this song will play during the first dance at my wedding.
Thank you all3 I cant believe that I have so many followers ; my next goal is 2000 till my BDay ;
ICON DTLA TONIGHT hosted by , ft Int'l Playboy Playmate DJ Crystal Ellis  live doctormset by Ms.DNice!
waystogetunfollowed Maybe finding Waldo?
Thanks!
Word on the kitty beat is two families offered to pay for the surgery and one family will adopt him.
Happy ending!
Ah, Browns.
8min in and you're already getting killed.
Just like old times.
Lol poor thing, what school you about to go to
Back from a great weekend in the mountains!
Omg so cute
Got a good feeling about my interview!
I might be teaching kids sometime next spring...
Probably soul food.
Some fun tweeps you should know about this FF: !
Now...
Go get some sun, Seattle!
as an owner of the packers I approve of that last tweet
A true artist thinks outside the box too many carbon copies that's why so many are failing and they say art is dead beoriginal BE YOU!
what are you doin uo there
r u guys really comin to the US ???????
story of my life...
MT In former Brewers news, reports Mets will add C/IF/OF Vinny Rottino to roster
Monday, May 14 from 8 am3:30 pm, Randolph Ave will be closed from Florida St to Glover St for work.
Please use detours and expect delays.
We hope you enjoy the show!
We've heard great things and wish you the best of luck : Thanks for using ShowClix!
I went in and I dont even give AF...facts are facts!
Thanks, all!
XOXO
New glee is on tonight can't wait
DC Saw Charles Jones on TV w Fenty.
I thought felons could not comingle?
Ya...contemplating which night this week I'm going to see The for the third time.
TNC10 National doctorg control 5 priorities 4.
Special Care for Offenders.
5.
Improved Data Systems.
This week Christy and Ignatiy present the Sneak Previews episode 'Going to the Movies with a Critic' featuring Roger Ebert  Gene Siskel!
Happy Easter.
Getting ready then off to Easter service at my favorite place!!!
:
doctorwing for the door prize.
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide 7
Watching Tin Man with Love it.
Sad epiosde of the walking dead.
shocked :
Presentation Coaching  if you can do a live demo, seriously do a live demo.
People comprehend and remember what they can HEAR AND SEE
im still TeamOD, yall need to come to the studio  get dwn with protunes
Looking for a place to watch the Packers game tomorrow?
We're open 4 Cl  will have 2 tall boys of Bud  Labatt during the game!
Or make some
But everything is so damn expensive out there.
Even grocery food costs 3 times more there than here.
big tables are key to a successful
Its really amazing how boring social bookmarking can get
Sea Island I'm tminus 6 hours.
Need some beach time and a round of golf or two to set me straight.
Text 3174073360 and say he's acting like his dad , pwease  thank you .
When shopping for foundation, choose at least 3 colors to test on your jawline.
ellavate.
You gave your teacher the middle finger when they turned around?
You dare devil.
yes!
I will be available!
:D
31 missing assignments.
Omfg.
I have my work cut out for me.
:/
did you go into Posh next door?
such an adorable store...
I wanted to buy everything, but showed some restraint!
Steve's got a new idea that's soundin pretty nasty!!!!
My roommate is dancing around amd singing to usher.
Dear God help me.
I want...
No I need some damn unhealthy food STAT.
Forget this damn diet.
Ineedicecream wahhhhh
wewontwork if you dont sneak in little kisses throughout the day :
Unless you puke, faint or die KEEP GOING!!
has elegant lunch options.
Get 15 OFF w/ a TallyCardz and twitpic your meals!
We LISTEN  then help you get started w/correct, affordable, durable screen printing equip.
accessories.
CAPS Flash; CAPS Bench printer
Looks like Hairston tried to swat it but missed it.
How hard is it to say the Z in crazy...
Cray is not a word unless you are talking about mudbugs
Yeyya!
Glad ya like :D
Uggh..i shouldn't have said anything :/...i feel likee a horrible person!!
Now tone I know u aint just figurin that out: : This rap game Fuckedup
What we may think is a setback is really a step forward.
It should be fun :
Last night 
Join Ad2 March 13th for, When Creatives and NonCreatives Unite.
A look into the team building experiences of Joe Kruessel and Jesy Herron
Sometimes we forget that the only thing we need in life to make us happy is US
That looks more delicious than words can describe.
Thanks for the follow.
Always wanted to work with Games.
I respect your work.
I'm at buying some fittings for my wiener.....upgrading.
; gotta show love ya know?!
Rockin my GoHardorStaySoft band with my Mile High tee unstoppable LOL!
thankyou so much :!
Making it was the bright spot of my Sunday, considering I spent it watching multiple Anne Frank documentaries for work.
Ever gotten licked by a giraffe?
Ironic.
Butler is playing in an arena that has even more history than its FieldhouseThe Palestra.
I love hoops.
Bridesmaids acceptance speech without Kristin Wiig: fail
Great news everybody!
Beauty blowout sale on HSN!
Yeah buddy!
Let's go pens!!!!
why thank you.
I'll let you know if I like this social media thing.
Jeanrella.
Really wow
: wrap it is pretty nice if you have max i have max on pc and everything else on mac, is that a prob?
it was very embarrassing!
I felt like I violated this poor dude.
I asked if I could bleach his gi for him.
lol when are u comin back to church so u can get saved....Again lol
Stay tuned awesome cut n color class coming soon to Marin.
Tony Trono JP Strand Greg Fernandez up close hands on
The Reverend Horton Heat 
At the office for some serious work today.
thanks for spreading the word!
How is everyone?:
Next up  build greenhouse farms in
Yay Loving Start!
sorry you put your trust in others and they let you down
I love my family
i'm special!
lol
substitute a lot with has completed the tutorial and imported some files into it and you'll be on the money
are you refreshing the tracking info every 10 seconds?
Being invited to your birthday shindig made me feel like I still live in NYC.
It was a doctoram within a doctoram moment.
in dedication to alexa burton, featuring ryan mace's birthday.
That's what I was thinking!
Hilarious.
She's hot, you should go talk to her!
Okay!
walks away this should be funny....
yeahh I have to
Had an AMAZING day at the sales conference and then got a NBC lululemon sweatshirt!!!!
yeah, and quality takes a hit.
big time.
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador's Mashpi Lodge  Forbes
Today's healthy food tip: Always eat your chicken either steamed, poached, roasted, broiled, boiled, grilled or baked.
Wow that is one heck of a picture!
So awesome
I fell asleep in the bathtub,lol.
Gonna go to the studio again and then hanging with my new peeps.Peeps who never treat me badly.They support my future.
I like to fire people.
Mitt Romney.
He will create jobs  in China, Mexico and
the Braves and Phillys are tied 1313 in the bottom of the 11th.......good god
Your curiosity is going to get us in trouble one day.
But for now WE
Thanks to all the new and old RBB followers!!!
The DVD will be available for preorder soon!!!
Followers will get a special price!!
Can't wait to see and next month!!!!
Boston newhampshire holler!
Yeah your too good for such things.
Shout out to suzanne Schulman 14 day streak of none stop yelling
: FACT: Girls have a lot of crushes, but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Coughcough Evan 3
Sylvester Stallone To Sell Vacation Home  London Luxury Real ...
66 in the SEC.
4545 in the Big 12.
Pretty much sums it up.
sure, but I never met a nice man who ignores his mom.
I hope my son doesn't ignore me when I'm elderly.
What temperature is your thermostat set to?
If your going to do something, do it right...
Pisses me off...
Your book looks AWESOME.
offline.
This alpha needs to get her fierce on.
My skin everywhere burns still
Heading to dinner at a place called Tapa That.
The food better make up for the name.
The Bus loves our cozy equalitypants, so much so that it's a running hashtag already.
Love your equalitypants too?
RT!
Dear Yahoo!
Please make delicious open source and give it to a nonprofessort.
We'll take care of it.
all these females saying they don't like ice cream they lie they all love that Big Stick
Dear , You are sassy on I like it.
How about we stop pretending and start telling each other how we really feel?
I need to check that out, it still comes on?
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino is definitely a new favorite.
Blended sweetness with cookie and chocolate whipped cream.
Cool cya there!
Thank you for the wonderful interview.
It was a delight meeting you and your team.
Yup RT : If I didnt have all these photos that Ill never look at, I dont know how I would make my computer run so slow.
Can't wait to see it!
Fittin' to go alone if my friends don't get it together.
Congratulations!
coupledontcare Does in relationship means anything to partners anymore?
Some them act like they single, why act single just be single.
Relationships nowadays  First week: I love you baby..
Second week: Together forever..
Third week: Single..
Lol its all good.
imma just burn they asses like they did my ancestors Haha
no no no.
I got my sunglasses a suede.
In desperate need of something more fun than this working thing.
Thanks !
Looking forward to having you and your group here.
Safe travels!
Sugar is toxic and I feel as addictive as heroine.
Starch has the exact same bad biological impact as sugar.
Fructose is also sugar.
At least 4 injured in school shooting at chardonhighschool.
That's where I went!
fingers crossed!
If you live in the burbs, you might want to say the opposite.
We're eating some tasty Whitt's Barbeque in Lebanon, TN.
Family packs all day!
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
What's everyone's Labor Day plans?!
Boating?
Camping?
Football?
Tell us!
Is submitting to DSpace!
Some of y'all not gone wait 90 days, More like 90 tweets.
RT : Sleeping is never the same without you.
Thank you!
if they aren't at the same lib, apply for both.
Too many job offers better than too few
thankusteve for all your inspiration and innovation!
You will be highly missed!
I Heard Through The Grape Vine This Is The Date Pink Friday Was Released Is That A Truestatement Fa'Sho Fa'Sho.
RPS Libraries will all be closed until March 19th at 5pm!
Have a wonderful spring break!
I think my ankle is sprained .
/;
how dare you live a life and not fulfill your doctoram because the manifestation of your doctoram inspires others to doctoram
its just like his hands...their so big....
Bitch just cause I have 61 doesn't mean I won't spend time blocking you and reporting your ass for spam.
Thanks for the follow Am happy to
yes!
Brunch is delicious!
Was she not brilliant??
People who have built community here RT : Q4.
Who would you like to hear about at CIW Talk: Cities at CIW2012?
Almost ready to give this workaholic thing up in favor of having a life.
I don't know.
Looks good on paper.
My man is cold blooded
Not a joke, but yes.
: Elementary  30 friends.
Jr.
High  20 friends.
High school  10 friends.
College  3 Real friends.
lol scary.
Fear is the path to the dark side.
Fear leads to anger.
Anger leads to hate.
Hate leads to suffering
Zac Lane is a lieing fucking asshole and I wish more then anything I could kick him in the nuts so hard I break my boot.
Short night.
Time to get moving  head back to work.
So one thing good that will come out of this foreclosure lockup fiasco: excellent opportunities to buy well on short sales from banks.
A little crush turned to something more :
Mystery Solved: RaiseOnce on PokerStars Confirmed as Phil Ivey
I'm interested!!!
When your gonna have the Danceparty again :D
He checks it from time to time.
He followed me last year some how.
I did both!
Thanks for your suggestions!
:o
I love my relationship I have wit my nieces Vanah  Ieza!!We get it in,wit our convo's..We talking bout broke folks living beyond means lol
Judge Payne from IN We had to fix things, but the company we were working w/ had no incentive to improve, they made too much money.
to ur email not twitter.
um not that long ago.
reports from Vegas that the girly trappings are back for ladies golf
Missing TBBT finale....
Life sucks
Ready for some basketball Scott County!
The Cards face Oldham Cty 11:30 a.m.
today in the Sweet 16 semifinals
I love to follow awesome people and awesome people watch thomasxdgk videos on youtube!
Give him a watch he is great!
family events that involve my sister and i never go well.
Fascinating choice for a title, as your review shows.
Really can't wait to readhe's one of my favorite authors.
RT : A donor is giving City Harvest 5 for every new follow before 12/31!
Help us feed New York's hungry with one click!...
We're downtown shakin this wedding up tonight.
Happy Holidays!
You too!
misterGibson calls that sleep karate.
FWIW, it stopped when I went off Zoloft.
WTF?
The thing is, I actually enjoy grading one assignment.
It's only in aggregate that they get so oppressive.
My Klouchebag score  43 or quite noisy.
Awesome!
Congratulations on your invitation and nomination to !
We look forward to welcoming you in the near future!
bw
alright people.
are any of you on ?
we want to see photos of you in the new year rocking your belt buckles!
Several have suggested to me LMA360.
We are going to promote that.
I hope 2012 turns out to be a great year!
Todays been an amazing day so far but hasn't followed me !
me too!!
Jud and I laughed and laughed!
Hilarious.
They wrong for that raw fish tho..
RT I'm still sayin let's go NYK last game or not
People in other countries would kill for the kind of stuff you find at the 1 store.
Let's start another business helping them.
14 school days left, 22 including weekends, which means....
23 DAYS FOR AVICI!
When someone is so sweet to you, don't expect that they will be like that all the time because even the sweetest chocolate expires.
Don't go to Slended Nails Park and Mt Morriah
I've never read his stuff.
I was baffled when he got famous; several of my friends went to HS with him, including
If he ever texts me..
Haha:
ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen having to say good bye to this literally sucks...
On the toilet is my alone time
very cool
: Im not single.
Im in a longstanding relationship with fun and freedom.
Makin sure all the ladies know I'm a man who blazes his own trail and doesn't bend to societal standards, cuz that's attractive.
did a radio interview defending the Coliseum today.
now people are annoyed again.
Obviously.
tradetebow to the SAINTS If other teams try to hurt him hes protected
Can't wait for the album.
FEAR ...I'm def feelin it!!!
...nice work!
Please follow !!!
I want to see her make a dance video for getting to 40k followers!
Is everyone else refreshing Twitter constantly hoping for the Braun decision?
My 4 yr old son gave me a hand made card for Father
1st Ramma Lamma practice w/ our new doctormmer tonight.
Hopefully we get our shit together before our show on the 30th.
: so I'm watching you on CNN and you're such an inspiration.
Keep trying 33
Thanks, looking forward to meeting fine people, fine beer, and knowing just enough to get myself in trouble.
Thought I saw an early trickotreater at my neighbor's house but it was actually a very short man with a chainsaw.
A real one.
if I could see your face ill probably kiss your smile lol good mornin
Trying to convince wife that is a romantic place to have date night before our Halloween custome party.
feel so so sick!
Someone take care of me!
guy, whatever.
see if I ever go to lunch with you again.
49ers client trending nationally.
He deserves it...had another great game.
I'm pretty stoked that is retweeting rare books posts.
Go, library geeks!
Thanks, Alyssa :
And Alex Avila helps the Tigers sweep the Red Sox with a walk off 2 run HR.
Prince Fielder was on base.
RT Any dj's that need straight Mp3s of any songs just tweet
You're welcome :
Shipping is now only a BUCK!
Afraid I was going to see my 1 faux pas on that listNo one actually cares about my daily workout.
Apparently I'm clear though...
do I really?
Wednesdays, 510pm, 15 select wines!
Can't finish your bottle?
No worries!
MD let's you recork  take home :
I miss this class.
And that looks way too chocolate to be Obama.
unfollow tHis page got hackd follow my new one now
What is funny is that people think this person...
Oh, that was expected they would go out like that, she was a doctorg addict, right?
well even though idk what that means...
Congrats!!!
:D
this girl is a true friend, she helps with alott!
3 I love heree!:
Thanks Lisa!
I don't work with student leaders directly so not quite in my area of knowledge.
yeah hopefully he does...
and maybe they'll win some shit.
you'll be the bitch in my story.
Except Cody's gonna start kicking you.
Just saw Boris Kodjo.
Good lord that man fine
will you mention DECA club in a tweet to help promote our new Twitter Page?
you might want to change clothes before dinner as well.
Just sayin'.
golf party at applebee's 
KNowing your heart rate is helpful for other reasons though.
You could look at it that way!
great idea!
I think I have popcorn...
RT amazing examples of cloud outages and costs to industry from lack of digitalpreservation via timbus  really...
shit thats what im talkin bout chase the check
My final prediction..
Patriots win 2420!
Take it to the bank.
now following sis
I miss my mom.
She's nuts but that's where I got it from, lol.
Hopefully see her this summer!
DEF!
Like the posts and Insight!
That's what's up!
See you there!
: and both playing at ?!
How exciting!
I want to go!
you've arrived!
You are everything I have never wanted.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts.
So study hard and be evil.
to : The roar can't be taught.
Me and are rooting for you !!!
Good luck on tonight's fashionstar!!
It is a subscriptionbased service that produces high value content and eventually DVDs.
Option 1: subscribe.
Opt 2: wait.
Is my nigga this my lil bro mess with him mess with me cono
thereisalwaysthat1person that just surprisingly seems to amaze you.
I literally just LIKED the shit out of on facebook like like like like...
So happy the Guist brother's were on last night!
I love them!
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to makeachange in the world!
bruh I swear u in my head rite now
My favorite physicist just stopped by!
smbmad sorry we didn't respond but we follow the smbmad hastag.
FYI future
WOW, New backer Indoctor Levy comes in batting big time with a big pledge!
THANK YOU.
Isn't Ron Paul getting the same protection?
Where is he anyway?
Meanwhile, GOP shafts working moms.
i haven't been on here in a good while
I keep trying to kiss my Moms face but she pushes me away cause I'm taking off her going out makeup.
RUDE!
Totally rude.
Wish I could be seeing M83 at Stubb's tonight!
Those tickets sold out fast.
That's gotta hurt
I would think.
Also, probably a larger variance between positions in soccer.
beach time!!!
dueces ;
hey sara i wanna thank u for following me on here i hope we will stay in contact and hear from u soon.
no but I almost did when the girl saw the guy kiss the other girl.
Intense like camping?
I propose a new game.
Match a celebrity with one who can most help them out of their mess.
Ex: Demi Moore with Courtney Cox.
Oh.
Yours wasn't terrible.
I thought you meant me...
and then I was going to agree with you.
I just feel sick 2 my stomach when HRW  BLA r what considered credible sources by any patriotic Paki
Thank you for the follow!
LBLD seattle longboard this weekend is gonna be beautiful !
how are you??
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much
Eric Church is one of nicest men in country music!
Played on twice...amazing!
Good things happen to good people.
good morning!!!
hope everyone has a blessed day!!
I still love you!
3
Almost making MU PR look good!
RT : If Bo's still on the line after this break, someone at UW needs to be fired.
Congrats Garrett  the Baker team!
JDG
Saying he was funny/witty/smart is an understatement.
The team may suck, but very impressed with the fanfriendly changes by new Astros owner Jim Crane.
off to Pier 60.
trying a different costume tonight.
Big win!!!
Go Knicks!!!
What are the ingredients for a perfect day?
Nice meeting with Jim Kraugh of Florida LambdaRail.
Thanks to Tom Babington for the connection.
Hope to make good collaborations happen
Happy Mothers Day!
Many blessing to come.
Love Ya!
Cool!
Great team over there !
YES!
watching glee right now and looks god!
...Then again, when doesn't he?!
following now.
:
Wow!
So glad you are following.
Thanks!
if it gets bad, I'm going to start doing tequila shots.
Thanks for the shout out!
:
Get at me on social cam !!
Come to Fountain Festival of Arts  Crafts FriSun, Nov.1214th 10AM5PM.
Great Weather, Awesome Art, Tasty Treats, Fun  Beautiful Setting!
Ur very much welcome pretty!!
Where do you find the 2008 State Court Caseload Table for Trial Courts?
the website is directing me to a .org website
I've tried many coding apps on the iPad andd Textastic is the best one I've found.
I use it pretty regularly.
For some reason, I cannot listen to any other artist more than Michael Jackson.
I love his music and I dance to it constantly.
Prescription Discounts  Save up to 35  Publix  SIMVASTIN 
Nice series, reminds me in an odd way of Louise Penny's series
do they know it's christmas?
is a song about jews, i think.
30 days until opening day!
everytime i see austin  ally i think to myself  Hey im and im going sing you a song today Lol :
Shoulder Lean still would have the whole club rockin...
I wannnaaaaaaa.
A couple weeks is all 3
everyone in this room is staring.
You would think for 40,000 a year, they would at least give you that pleasure...
when i cry i want you to wipe away the tears.
when i smile i want you to smile with me.
and when i fight i want to be fighting for you.
Tour Oregon is a wrap!!!
Where will we land next?!?!?
The more I work with the more I like it for server monitoring.
Easy to set up, has all the features, and the price is right.
I heard my homies was gettin' on yo' head the other night lololol
The weather is MISERABLE today.
If you could take a road trip to get away, where are you going?
Yeah.
I'll actually be back down in the city Monday.
Home this weekend.
I have an event at 1 though, so we'll prob miss.
Looking at the sun coming in through a thin piece of paisley fabric that I hung in my window.
Life is an illuminated manuscript.
Tuna Helper 
Thanks for the RT!
YES!
RT : That throw on 3rd  10...
where Rodgers hit Jennings for a first down, was the throw of Rodgers' life.
Amazing
Your neckback?
What were you in a car accident?
You think we can sew up a tongue?
What the fuck do you want?
Frozen water?
Cant wait to sample tomorrow at the Boston Beer Summit!
Thanks.
So did you see the pic with you me and Ravi????
ImHappyWhen I look down  Jesus on my rosary.
Why do I always have to wake up early on weekends?
Eghhh.
: I was in the Prince's of Dubai cabana!!!
I fucking love my job.
lol
i need a summer job at ritas, forreal.
Dude couldn't get a real chick the way he be actin...
Yessir, sure will.
I'll be there mainly for the job fair, but also to get outta WI for a little bit during December
Community Meal tonight at 6:30.
I missed you, have a great time!
While Hive doesn't have a board, I just figured out the theoretical maximum bounding area...
and it's shaped like a hexagon.
Fitting!
I though you were smarter then that tori you just can't believe in yourself or him
NM really actually and you ?
Ive lost my chance.
Y r u obsessed w/tying this word 2 things.
Can't u make an argument w/out using that word?
Happy Friday!
Happy day of seeing later!
Don't skip meals, it lowers your metabolism.
Had an awesome Sunday, but now the Sunday night depression is setting in.
I'm already doctorading my
Thanks for the RT!
Have you had a chance to attend any of our Chicago skill sharing LearnIts?
Thanks Jonathon you too RT: Good to meet and talk with you tonight after
John Smits BASummit2011 uses data visualization to show the  and types of accounts each sales rep calls on
Good for you!
You must be one strong woman.
Admirable.
You wanna chat on my coach page?
it is on fb
Wowowowowoowww follow like now
Irene at EWR, forest fires on the road to PDX and Lee in ATL; Missed each by 24 hrs.
On time and easy vacation flying.
Thanks
Thanks my last 7 followers
well good job Lauren
that looks so yum
We have a new professorle for our youth program!
Follow us here for events  opportunities for youth to write  be heard !
NP Im Going Down  Mary J.
Don't tell me what happened, but gaatdayum Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez SAAAANGGG on americanidol!!!
Ledet on A Man's World...shhhhiiii
thanks a bunch.
:
Realizing that I couldn't view the right home page for my dog house site because I was uploading to the wrong folder.
Boy!
Do I feel stupid.
the times when ur friends are like i miss u we havent hung out 4ever txt me!
we can hang!
im just sitting here like ha psht u hate me!
Ugh, sending good thoughts.
Hope you are ok.
I want to die in a hole.
played golf yesterday think you can now license my likeness on the next Tiger Woods golf for me?
Lazy day today.
Chillin at home about to watch nba all star game.
Who wants to see
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
Emily Dickinson
These homeless cats hustle so hard in Philly....
Least I can do is buy them a sandwich I mean damn.
oh my gosh.
i just realized you followed me yesterdday .
sup?
: Have you posted salesstats for Square Off anywhere?
Hmm...is there a kinky pizzeria I'm not aware of?
I am thinking of making this my primary twitter account and just deleting the personal one I have slpeeps What do you think?
Zombie corporate training...brilliant!
it's the hair, isn't it?
If I had a magic wand and I waved it over your head and ding something magical happened in you life what would it be?
ah okay sorry:
Yea, it's very interesting.
I've thought of trying to do independent AR work, but Mach1 would be the only thing to submit to...
One of the most popular sessions at MWRC12  congrats to
Can somebody givee me a shout out i am the one on thee right
sweet song...
smooth...
I went by the name mike honcho
Had an amazing time in Richmond helping with CIEE CBYX .
Nostalgia to the max
Hello, Andoctor, Thanks professorSELY for the RETWEET!
Greatly appreciated.
All best to you.
I fell in love with the at the rock show!!!
.
gonna see if they make bomb diggity badges online now...
'ppreciate you phoenix!
How crazy is it that the number of tweets I've sent is the same today as the number of people I am following?
Maybe today.
Rainy this morning.
Wonder if it'll clear?
Each time Kiefer Sutherland says dammit on Touch, I think, for one transcendent moment, that I am once again watching 24.
Who could stop me?
Do the things that you think are important to be done explains her confidence
Waiting for Wonderful Wendy.
We are going for Chinese.
Haha!
They might also worry about bankruptcy.
In all seriousness, it sounds wonderful.
sigh Oh Buckeyes....
no worries, I'm still a fan....
Waiting for these photos to upload.
Boring!
A dear friend whose name I seem to not recognize has just emailed me that she has cancer  is leaving me 20 million .
Today...I will always remember.
Wait and see, Troublemaker.
please not the zombie sonics!
please!
RT : Nash to heat , knicks , bulls or okc .
Damn that super gnarl.
MatsuhisaSan getting even larger than life now...: Nobu partners with Ceasars Palace to launch first hotel in Las Vegas
what movies are we watching Friday?
I'm already FOLLOWING them!
And I STILL couldn't find them.
oh there you are MLW...
I thought you had disappeared!!!
mister Hamas, not when those democraticallyelected govts put their women into burqas, it's not!
The main emphasis in Buddhism is to transform the mind, and this transformation depends upon meditation.
HH Dalai Lama
takes the podium at conference!
Thoughts on the debt deal to start his remarks...
hey srry i got off my internet was acting retarded
Sports radio here in Columbus OH r bragging that he's going to Cincy!

FOLLOW SHE.
SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!
Matt Kemp with a walk off home run in the bottom of the 10th.
ThinkBlue Dodgers KEMVP final score 43
We've seen a lot of comfort foods weddings too.
Just did a Prime Rib and Chicken Cordon Bleu Duet Plate...Looked great!!
I never talk on the phone anymore.
I'd like to but some people just don't never wanna be on the phone.
Tonight: Screaming Crow Records Presents: Michale Graves with guests at Hard Rock Cafe!
Tix at the door!
RT : Murfreesboro...where the party at?
At least I'm not as tall as THAT girl.
Oh, wait.....I am.
Katz: permission first rule has been treated as dogma, whereowner can just sit back, do nothing
I didn't see that!
Thank you for showing it to me!
only smart people understand.
;
Teacher: Get out a sheet of paper.
Student: LOOK AT ME NOW!
Teacher: Excuse me?
Student: IM GETTING PAPER!
The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you.
Games are on for the first night of Fall league!!!
wow...some people just do not have any sense...
he just said 100 a piece
Take It On the Run  REO Speedwagon
INgrooves' Robb Wells says: The music biz needs to take back music.
's
The Sheffield getting some love from I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal.
Homerun.
I'm giving away 2 promo codes for Builda the ReBicycler.
To enter, answer this: What won the Caldecott the year the EPA launched?
there are so many things in this world that we as humans will never begin to understand.
o I am lmfao
I have a retainer that I guess I'm trying to chew through.
brews were heavenly.
A little bit of vanilla porter, and some live oak hef
So ur a waitress?
At least that's a little money.
Maybe u won't be so bored.
Haha
Congrats man!
i didn't know you needed career advice...
Have the dates for the 2012 conference been scheduled yet?
How are you doing tonight?
I'm feeling like a champ!
Yes, it is a nasty tick I have.
When I hear a bad song, I am compelled to look the lyrics up.
Please help.
Get me a strawberry blondie!
I get off work in 20 mins.
I want ice cream!
Whose down for some coldstone ??
aha yeaa true that
Wtf cadbury's!
What a sad day for a British institution.
It's now owned by Kraft.
Disgusting.
About to go workout anybody want to join me
that'd be quite the show!
SO jealous that you're in our home town right now.
Btw should have been first verse on mercy 
Happy thatt you found what you were looking for.
This film looks interesting.
As a film critic, this looks to be an intriguing, thoughtful, original film.
Can't wait to see it!
im doing gread in the name of The Lord.
Thanx for asking.
What about you?
You remind me of my big toe.
Mainly, because I am going to bang you on every piece of furniture I own.
I think bud can beat your ass : I am right next to bud selig ,he is so lucky I am not angry at him anymore
Aaron you better not blow this for me!
just watched the game recap!!
damn
This Guggenheim video of makes those Armageddonstyle videos look like something crap picks out of its teeth.
i was just telling about how badges carry some uncomfortable political connotations too, esp re: communism
birds of a feather!
FOCUS Training is at Marquette today recruiting 2012 Interns.
David A.
Straz building between 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM.
Come and see us!
: Go get 'em tiger!
let's meet in the middle?
DAMN!
I just remembered that I have a block of cheddar in my fridge!
I got wine doctornk last night  I wish I'd have eaten it!
I kno it is it was packed yesterday too
simmonsradio operations manager Heather in secession at WIBS Staff building, recruiting and training.
Check it out from 1:30 to 2:25
The more specific you are, the more general it'll be.
giant on love rock Hudson such a man
One thing the Saints bring to the super bowl that I like is the possibility of a Cash Money Millionaires half time show.
Woo malkin!
And neal too :D
A reunion at kipcamp today with  data goddess, spreadsheet wizard.
She's helping Kiplinger Fellows tame numbers.
RogerCraig had a great week this week, join now to test your FantasyFootball skills against a legend and win great prizes doing it!
saw that!
Wide open miss
Out of my final an hour early?
No matter how difficult life gets, you have to live it with hope.
Boy Meets World
i aint finna lie a lot of women look weird in sneakers but make them look good!
Hey How come when a reminder pops up I can't edit it?
Help anyone?
Beyond Sombreros, Tacos, and Espaol  Intercultural Education in ...
Time for a beer, relax and get ready to see tonight!!!
hahaha lucky!!
I wish I could do that.
for brunch!
Can't wait till tmw
thanks for following.
We will spread your message and in solidarity with you on ows and
Getting uncomfortable hearing a non teacher explain teaching
First thought when I wake up is my god he's beautiful, so I put on my makeup and pray for a miracle :
your icon is speachless
Good Morning.
Want to hear great music?
Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards
Cheating is a choice, NOT a mistake!!
hey girl jbjbjbjbjbj thts wht all i think about : 
see you soon!
Can't wait to hear about your new launches.
awe thanks efharisto.
He wanna come n put he's name on it
thank u
Zipline!
Well, I was talking about like twicemyage old.
And I'm pretty sure you don't hit on me.
My daughter is a cat again.
Sigh.
Yes!!
Such an awesome way of calling it out :
Hello, Simone Welcome 2 my Twitter page.
Look 4 ward 2 interesting tweets with u.
Have a Great Day!
my life feels like an evanescence song!!!
Did you hear Chris Brown's new hit?
It's his fist hitting Rihanna's face.
Trying to jailbreak!
It's one hell of a difficult job to crack iPhone!
Yes..
Andoctor Leon Talley is my spirit animal..
it's worth the trip.
O summarized it in a clip I posted on FB.
And titans fans how do u feel bout the pic?
We just keep adding weapons on offense but defense?
ok now what i do?
que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong.
Muito ansioso, haha.
haha i think sox
Terribly sad.
Maurice Sendak dies at 83  wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
via
i like van nuys!
it's def growing!
pulsating headache behind left eye, starting to fade.
time to get to work.
Got my dog a beanie
While abdicates its mayoral coverage duties 2 's Press Secretary it's a good thing u have  around
RT : represented by President Eric Tobias at todays !
damn dood.
damn.
yo go to the ducks game tomorrow i'm rolling there too!
the deed is done
Hope I'm just being nervous.
Worst thing that could happen, in my mind, is Walker winning again.
Anything but that.
Matt Kenseth will start on the pole for the Kobalt Tools 400 after setting a new track record at the LV Motor SpeedwayCoach
yeah.
now im just sitting here thinking about it b/c idk what he meant by it.
templerun3
So it looks like I'll be joining the engineering team over at in a few weeks!
You may experience some errors reading data from SG Storage.
There's a fix being pushed momentarily to resolve the issue.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
Author Unknown
Erin go bargh from have a safe valentines day
working tonight 2 for 1 pints after 9!!
I'll be there will you?
RT : Such a gr8 group of funders  NPOs in streamlining comm'y of practice!
more
Some hot Cheetos with lemon sound pretty and a tall Arizona with it
what's wrong with Bentley?
lame i cant listen at work...
Someone needs to shut kwing down...
So i can listen ha
All it takes is to be down  show support,if you cant give that you shouldn't expect any kinda of love shown,that's just how I see it
...CIEM's amazing director, Teresita Ramellini, teaches an ICDS course: Development in Latin America from a Gender Perspective.
At my local elementary school, preparing to read to 1st graders  PreK classes.
Lets makeitcount!
Just the slightest bit freaked by news of impending parental medical procedure.
Gotta take a right turn because left is just a place to run
When the only love you knew, Just walked away...
I Put 2 Much In This
Steven Tyler sounded God awful, how is he qualified to judge singing talent?
thanks for adding us to ur lists!
Well, I suppose its official.
Come January I'll be the new Emerging Technologies Librarian at Carnegie Mellon University.
Totally get why Ticketmaster had to charge 25 extra..
how else are they going to pay people to stuff ads in the envelope with my ticket?
yo!!
So stoked about our After ala12 trip to Mexico.
It's gonna be rad!

good to see you here, too.
Thanks for your inspiration, wildness, beauty!
xoxo
ThingsThatPissMeOff when people take long to respond to a text message
holas  do you have an url for that Madison wherecamp?
I added the Australian one at least.
I'd add Phoenix if there was an url.
proud smiling VMA oh yeaah  TWEET ME
Thanks!
RT : You're in my thoughts and prayers!
On my way home for the weekend haha
u not a pastor no more?
I WANT SUUMMMMMMERRRRR BACK!!!
I also forgot about soft water
yea I did that
Who else?
sure thing
but Grandma!
Also, I'm having trouble explaining why in 140 chrs but use of Latinos vs.
working families bothers me.
Bring me the tacos
Tourney shirts for this weekend
Also into cats.
New shows in the works, more info soon
Skype interview tonight, keeping my fingers crossed that my camera stays functional throughout
PacersPlayoffs game time!
I like to wiggle, but I'd rather giggle.
think LMFAO should change the lyrics to: gigglegigglegigglegigglegiggle, yeah.
What is the most bizarre thing you've been ticketed for?
My new favorite show.
Repo Games
ff NOW!
Great coffee offer!!!
that was my last piece of gum
To let you know what's real?
My butt implants?!
Okay, listen after 2 PM!!!
E's birthday!!
This fox needs some shut eye.
Xoxo.
Share with us your fondest Fit2Go memory!
yayyyyyyyyy lets get it!!!
Lol hahahah that's why I love u sis.
My young ass need to be at the club...
shaking my booty meat 
SpeakingOfFebruary4th...I want to go to there!
Liz Lemon
Do not open direct messages from me it is spam.
I am working on finding out the source.
Don't give up on me please!
The best days in a law firm are when the hardest decision is what to eat for lunch!
A simple story can have a big impact.
What story do you tell about your brand?
AskSanta for a new van or bus!
Who needs/wants a job?
It's an at home job so you need internet access.
yeah of course
How did you know I love you so?
let's do it
Super 8 was a expensive piece of crap.
followmedylan Please follow me.
If you followed me I would be so happy!!!
yeah but is on the DL
or Brad Pitt in Fight Club
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Henry Ford
I've had the Tempura Fantastic!
Dwight Swanson: oldest home movie with chickens orphans8 'Francena Feeding the Chickens' 1905.
Our last performance together on stage Very excited and a li'l nervous!
hav not seen u in a while, u on the rode, anyway hope all well
Like the open question format for today's BMA CHI seminar on B2B ClientAgency relationships
Found the late, great Larry Sanders show on Netflix streaming.
No flipping.
Awesome!
What do you want it to say?
I'll create a listing for you and send it your way!
a g6 is a type of airplane
hey hon, I messaged you on Yahoo but I don't think you were on.
Catch you tonight.
Hurry in for your 30 off purchases of 150 or more when you mention this FB ad!
Good through February, some restrictions apply
like I said ain't heard a peep from you ALL YEAR!!!
Use a Go Phone payasyougo plan instead.
Voice  text only.
There are alot of bright capable avg kids.
2.0.
I disagree w/grade bating.
I think attendance is a better gauge of success
Is the Cornel West lecture on Friday night free and open to the general public?
And its still fuck you nigga
Tried heroin...
We love !
what an exciting/fun job to step in to!
Would like to see Brian Johnson, Rod Stewart, and Kim Carnes start a scratchy voice version of the Three Tenors.
Pinky hurts like hell.
thanks for the follow, cute professorle name by the way
oh heeeyyyy...
What do you think about a little sponsorship for our Twestival?
Let's go, O's!
i was thinking how much ollie could have accomplished with just 3 or 4 more inches of height.
such a nice game.
it is not wise to always be a logical ...
but it is a logical to always be wise....
stay thirsty my friends...
I KNEW IT
The only to things I can be when I mess up sorry and human....
Hate my life so much right now.
Over the next few days, the no goal call will be reviewed over and over, and every time it is reviewed it will show it was the correct call.
If were not friends its for a reason .
.i get along with EVERYONE
i hope i wake up tomorrow.
Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design.
He's a mad scientist in the best way!
Stay tuned!
NO NO NO YOU DIDN'T HE WANTED THE HASPUS FILE!!!!
hahaha hell If I know.
Just some thoughts lol.
What do you think?
None?
Skin care time D
Haha!
Exactly.
I don't think he ate sardines 4 dinner, tho.
...
Yes, I'm always on Twitter.
hahahah it's really funny though:
I don't like rap :p but where in Cali did you visit?
Hi Pearl, you hanging in there
is TONIGHT!
it was right under rib cage the pain on left I think
Raleigh  rain I love you!!!
: What year did Rollins give his 3 wishes?
You are freaking awesome.
I love you.
That's great!
What's the secret?
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Abraham Lincoln
BMOC
Someone I once was and aspire to be once more.
Go get it, girl!
x
I'm thankful for u to hehe
thanks for discovering !!now I don't have a life;
Alex Lacamoire moves easily from salsa to country pop in orchestrations for In the Heights and 9 to 5.
And stop announcing inprogress vote totals.
It biases the outcomes!
Sounds like a nightmare RT : Went to school library for a new book  on 1 of the top shelves there were no books at all...
you're def the REAL mob wife.
You have never changed your story!!!
I did not, sir.
The videos were shot by , the brains of the operation.
Titan Medical Inc.
Announces Research Agreement with ARMA Lab at Vanderbilt University
I don't think anyone frustrates me as much as people who take 20 minutes to use the ATM.
Thank you for the RT.
Hey sis just text me what he says i am getting tired and got school tom i will come back to you tom morn o read all the dms i sent you a ...
WTF  shit just got REAL outside right now.
Sounds like a freakin' hurricane.
I'm pretty sure my bedoctorom window almost broke.
Sometimes the only thing that gets me out of bed is my laptop's battery icon blaring 0:12 in red.
The outlet's all the way over THERE
thanks!
We're looking forward to partnering with you!
In your opionion, which is better Soy Milk or Almond Milk?
the lane violation was legit, read the rulebook SVP..not the NBA
The card I made my mom is so blunt.
Was jammin' to the reggae mix.
Play more reggae/dancehall please!
Lesson learned  Dont ever let the next person know what u thinkin..always stay one step ahead..
moviesthatnevergetold all Disney movies:
The Fantastic Flying Books of mister Morris Lessmore ebook just won an Oscar for Best Animated Short and is now available on our iPads.
Ddamn.
That is some serious company you've put us in.
Thanks fellas!
Hey friend, special plans for tonight?
Hey girl!
Just working .
You?
Simon says in Spanish,
Got a fan in my room!
hey,little better.still having back problems I saw a specialist yesterday.
I'm not a mom teamNoKids ty I have a great mom tho
HUGE SALE ON TECHNICS SALE!
SAVE UP TO 20 OFF!
CALL FOR PRICING!
7736471143
Reality sinks in  Packers really are in the Big Game today!
Go Pack go!
Classrooms are one of the last places in society where we can have a sustained conversation about something.
Not sure I agree.
So grateful for my new laptop with the serious battery as I continue to sit on the train.
Done lots of image and video work.
Just call on Tyrone 
I know exactly how you feel.
I love that quote.
Google TN meth burns It is destroying our country.
My energy is up!!!!
Happy first day of Spring!
Spending part of the day working on new music.
simultaneously playing pool, listening to 90s music, watching a red sox game and a funeral
Completely sums it up.
Working on new songs.
Can't wait to release this EP next year it's going to be killer!
I'll tell Justin Mahone u said hi if we have him on our flight omg..yea dad it's Austin.
There's no hope kill me now lol
MOTHER FUCKER IM OFF TWEET LIMIT
Watching big time rush just to see if they mention anything about their tour and
call it in or get shoot by a stray bullet cause that's what will happen.
When Rick Ross Says Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!
Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym.
Talent and dedication aren't always enough.
Exposure to those able to raise your game is a must!!
Class only one day a week for the summer quarter?
HELLZ YEAH!
SummerTime!
Can you say Hi to Tony for me?
I remember him from RI
Make every day the best possible day!
:
Aspire to creative compassion.
Out of the box ways to reflect back to others their talent, genius, and best qualities.
what can i say...
They are one of the most imperfect parts of me and i still love them
Kids Konserve makes green look good.
Now you can get their Whimsy Snack Pack for 36 off here on the Savvy Source!
bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
haha..
have a great day with the family
Do you agree?
80 of Am.
are likely to switch brands, if comparable in  and quality, to one that supports a social cause....
It was nice watching game 7 of the 1994 Western Conf.
finals the other day.
Nothing like seeing
anytime dude  and i know what you mean, believe me, i do.
Guys in doctorss pants and nice doctorss shirts are my weakness.
a parishioner sick with cancer told me he wants only to be in Christ, come what may.
Thinking now of John15  true vine, abide in me.
: We're all part of Vermes Army...
Bonus points if you can sing it in French:  RE watching so much Olympics they know all the words to O Canada.
I went with two bags of tea this morning and I like can't feel my legs.
Camellia sinensis for life.
All doctorgons are lost.
SAY SOMETHING IS AMAZING!!!!
I fell in love with it!
I love you :D
We'll do our best!
it's a competition between the company so everyone has a Sunday to compete, but yes.
No work Monday?!?
I wish you were taking care of me too boo :
too bad you can't give me the kitty!
Who that homeless man on the heat who just dunked
Just paid off my submandibular gland!
my gut is telling me to make a sample based album only using clips of arnold schwarzenegger yelling.
Who the hell is Justin Welborn?
RT : Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
that's for life bro
wass good bitch leave Jenna alone

I think no one wants to be the jerk who publicly says I won't work for free!
Screw you, small repository.
Comedy is like a marathon: if you don't pace yourself, you'll burn out.
Also because a person threw a water bottle at me last night.
thatw was a stalker back then
They've definitely done really well.
Kendall Wright could be a star.
oh!
Then that's not a problem, it's a resume waiting to be written!
Have fun coding!
s/o to god he still keeping me man
Glad to hear it!
Tweetup is at Hilton, if you hadn't heard yet.
:
I saw at the mall.
I feel like shit for just walking by an not saying hi!
Haven't seen her in YEARS!:o
whatchu up to?
RIP Junior Seau
Happy Feb.
29!
Just came back from the UArts Senior Film and Animation Show.
Some good stuff.
blackbloc are such idiots.
yeah for 2 days but were going to the Bahamas
Letting go isn't easy.
But sometimes, it's the right thing to do.
And most of the time, the only option we have
laying in bed and listening to sad songs till i fall asleep.
it's just that type of night ....
I'm the time of person that would rather have no friends then fake friends any day
Last day of school.
:D
When determining ur packaging  pricing strategy, the intangibles r just as important as the tangibles!
would you be interested in doing an interview or just sit down and chat about duluth?
let me know!
Depitting a nectarine is like trying to convince FlavorFlav not to do a reality show.
Labs rehearsal with the best cast ever!
Well At Hoke Right Now Gettimg ready For Dance Rehearsals!:
Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus.
Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday.
lmao..
I do but she was sleep this morning.
I calmed down now.
I can't help it I'm crazy lol
I've occasionally had them read their papers together as part of scheduled peerreview sessions.
Works wonders!
i dont think you would
where are you staying?
Competeing for Miss Dyersburg Teen Princess!!!!!
you should patent that with the
Me and mister Detillio really do have the best conversations lol
its on amazon and itunes.
:D so what are you up to?
Heart miles and miles of heart
RT : We have to stay together!
And all that jazz..
As intended, I actually do reserve sharing for people I love.
No offense, friends.
That's awfully nice of you, but you really don't need to do that.
It's my naughty kitty, after all.
:
weather is always fucked up in Lakersfield..hot one day rainy as fuck the next
CATS!
No doubt.
Title No.8.
Haters  shhhhhhhh.
It's Title Night.
Yeah yeah yeah.
I want a new tat
Finding music for my show isn't easy!
Any suggestions?
Facebook has officially bored the hell out of me sad face
The worst.
I was like 'these aren't even MY jeans, are they?' doublecheck Ok, yeah.
A past me.
5 pints ago.
Fund View: Biondo fatherandson mutual fund No.
1 in U.S
Isolated tstorms today.
Karaoke at Coney and Ironwood...In sports, Pirates play the Nationals; Preakness post position doctorw 5PM.
hey, just getting back to the city.
Where can I meet ya?
How many foreheads does Joel Anthony have?
We just made a blueberry soap to test out a new fragrance we got yesterday.
It's insanely delicious smelling.
What a wonderful night!!
It was so great to be celebrate and support the DC dance community!
Will you be at the ISPA show in Indy?
Robert Glasper n theATL 2night.
If u can't make the show check out his latest CD Black Radio as Jazz,Blues,Rap,HipHop  RB come 2gether
The song is like 15 years old.
How come people that write for Spin / AV Club / etc still refer to  Cop Killer as a rap song?
I made the connection  Doing well!
How are you?
Has spring sprung in SacTown?
That would be exciting!
: Three of my top choices: Australia, Brazil or Iceland.
and I are electric zoo bound!
Getting ready to attend my first session of today.
Every person that I have met has been so encouraging.
alamw12
two games back of the pack.
not sure if they have enough time to make up the deficit!
I set fire to the rain
It's almost time to start the Valentine's Day celebration.
What's in your wine glass tonight?
I wonder how much he want for that beat I should buy it n still leave the tag in it
Just woke up and saw the lakers had lost!
hahahahah!
There's a baby on the way in my family and I can't keep myself from shopping for him/her!
Read Responsibly.
Spotify has decided it doesn't want to play any music today.
:
How you been ?
long time no talk
I woke up with the doctorest mouth this morning.....
Another great presentation, Understanding Money and Wealth for
it's fine!
I was just confused cause I didn't say anything lol.
Hahaha your too funny boney monkey
it's cool, and DeSean Jackson is awesome, though stupid.
West Virginia :
where are you?
Monsieur Spencer...
'Allo.
tips hat
mind expansion/exhaustion in progress ...
; if my son even thought about skipping out or being a deadbeat, his ears will be red for a minute to say the least.
Waiting to see something I'm not use to
Come have a doctornk with us!
3:30PM Cocktail Hour at AnaJet booth 1345 at SGIA New Orleans!
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip round the sun.
word on the street is we play y'all on Wednesday
definitely in our plans.
Nice!
That definitely helps the budget.
:
and I will be there at LaughNowForAutism Can't wait!
No wonder this phone isn't working.
It's a calculator, not a smart phone.
If you complain on twitter about something that I happen to do, then I'll probably do it a lot.
ya..laziness thooo :
Wonder if I would lose weight if I somehow recreated your whirlwind ATX food tour
first tweet?
My point is that Christianity is never defined solely by its texts.
i love your christian beadles poster!
Haha
Books are already available; currently in production with video programs that integrate the metronome sentences and oral doctorlls
at school there are valentines grams u order and they send then to the person u like...too bad i doubt wl get mine :
well said!
WOW!!!
RT : D.Rose torn ACL out for season ...ouch
pickles!
Where?
How about, that won't happen to me?
RT: Best prep for crisis?
Anticipation.
If you say, it probably won't happen, get ready.
Know damn well I didn't just see that fuck ass wagon,niggas be doing some serious ass hiding,but you so hard tho fuckouttahere
All this fog is erie...
don't laugh, they have a certified investigative mythologist on the show so it could be real!
oO
So many gigs, so little memory.
Thank you to my friends for only posting vague comments on how mindblowing MadMen was this weekend.
I really need to catch up!
I'm in...
34,000 a year isn't cool.
You know what's cool?
Freelancing at minimum wage for a burrito joint.
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm.
Must have ERP or CRM implementation experience.
Let me know if you or 
Absolutely!
This is a must for a creative job seeker.
RT I see visual resumes great for creative web types
bad situation....but if it wasnt for Katrina they would've never left Nola  I would've never met them.
Early start...back2back meetings all day for A Ray of Hope
SLASH from Guns N Roses kicks off his tour in Baltimore, MD this Thursday
Hawes is a soft pussy
Aaron Craft is a heck of a defender, and you know I love me some defense
Correction...
doctor Wood presents the candidate and doctor Magruder confers the honorary degree.
Plan your next Girls Night Out at The Melting Pot, April 1719.
Enjoy Redinspired cocktails  save  when you wear RED.
karaoke fridays here at nine72 9pm!
FUN FUN FUN!
My Boo is picking me up 3 3
thank you!
we appreciate your participation in our contest!
Bestselling author GW Hardin talking about avatar enlightenment vibration ascension that will empower you!
Woof1 Woof!
Thanks!
I want to be gone
I want i want i want but that's crazy.
I want i want i want and that's not me.
I want i want i want tobe loved by u.
3
Just need to get one back, RSL.
Attending the ACRL Data Visualization Webinar
Great coaching session with !
Excited for my audition tomorrow!
Working on getting more bandwidth for the website...wasn't expecting so many hits...thanks everyone!
You're coming to NYC?
Let me know if you have time to get lunch!
:
It's totally lipstick.
The girl who kissed me just happened to have lips that spell out what's on my hand.
why am I just finding out about this?!?!
Why didn't anyone tell me before that Taco Bell is absolutely delicious?
These Doritos Locos Tacos are legit.
Lil Wayne is like Shakespeare of our generation.
If, you know, Shakespeare had downs syndoctorme.
Also, had it been the opposite and it would have been us getting taken out, we'd been crying for a red for sure.
Don't have to move for FTs.
: : Sixers were totally discombobulated on offense.
Lots of looking around, no one moving.
Yo Choke Wasup Wit it..
I hit You..
But Noworries Research that Txt I just Sent u..
Shit Just got REAL FOR YA BOY
What did everyone do for the leap day?
We made beautiful new music for all of you to hear very soon!
: Chillen with my boo LOD which one of them cray niggaz?!
Damn I love my team
So Wtf Happened ?
Cus My Team Ain't Acting As One At The Fucking Moment....
Starlin Castro was excited when he heard his name was trending.
Then he was told it was Fidel, Ozzie was talking about.
CHAD MICHAELS is as good as it gets!

austinmahone im tweeting you while im in school...
whew no!
fortunately rarely gets above 90 there.
I'm in Lake Havasu City watching the parent's retire :
knew you would get a kick out of it.
Thanks!
You know what the worst part is though?
happy4thofjuly Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom Albert Einstein
You too, Brad.
Always a pleasure to touch other creativity lovers in town!
Although the closest i came to celebrating cincodemayo was doctornking pineapple juice Mexico is in 9th in pineapple production
Do you have a social media workgroup in your organization?
Social Metrics 101
Sitting on my doctorveway listening to Miley 
just told us to follow so we did : You guys should follow him too .
Let him know that sent you
Avoid like plague!
Scam RT : To all FIU Students.
Come On Down To Doral Hyundai Where Nobody But Nobody Sells Hyundai's For Less!
at the end omgomg too much fangirling to fit in a tweet asdfghjk, ;'
Looking for Laughs...
follow   for a personal Will Ferrell shoutout to 2,000,000 followers.
This is real
I just wanted to be invited
Gotta give it to my brothers and Cuz Them Niggas Had Faith In Me When Even My Family Doubted Me.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed.
You can always start a new game
No, we are not whipping our son.
He is a getting his fingernails clipped or b getting sunscreen applied.
The triathlon was terrible.
!!!!!!
RT : You don't really have to do much to show that you're great
Sorry RG, but you're part of the GBP family, at least in the eyes of the fans, the community, and us owners.
Be well
Also, just to be clear, I was describing MYSELF as the parttime coder and Perl Neanderthal!
Suzie is a money maker but that bt a liyyrr!!......my bad, flashback moment lol
whats good man .....Dameion from the music conference
Let the Sounders game tomorrow serve as my motivation to bust through the work part of the day
hey.
wanna follow me back?
Go Pats
UhOh
Highly recommend the last 2 tweets from Monk's.....these beautiful girls must be trouble.
How are you doing?
Haven't seen you since November!
what time is the world ending?
i ordered something from
thank you for the invitation!
thank you, most excellent beta reader!
:
Why can't it be sunny and 70 all year long!?!?!
NSLC contacted me for an interview!!!!
summerjob?
I got it
No, it was from a Brazilian magazine.
Just released from avail for Rock of Ages.
Onto the next one.
I really hope it doesn't take long to get my license renewed.
i don't want to be here all afternoon.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 52
check out out the amaaaazin
Another big win for tonight!
Along with Rosedale Land Partners, we won the Community of the Year at the SoCal Awards!
no questions, but you are interviewing Joel!
this makes me want to use many exclamation marks!
That is so awesome!
Thank you for all you do.
Is there any vodka?
Sincerity is an underrated virtue
I want you Forever, forever and always.
Through the good, the bad and the ugly people whatever.
GoodMorning :
I have feelings and a heart just like anyone else!!!!!
I'm VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY bored...but ok.
Looking for a job to return
I completely agree.Parents find this advice very palatable.
No one wants to believe there is something wrong with their child.
Thanks, we really like it.
Can't wait to bake something.
First Friday Sons of Malarkey Portland Irish Band.
4 amazing artists.
Really missing Claire right now.
:/
RT : Bout to eat this steak..
Since its the only Meat I'm getting in my life ..
lmfao lol clown
yup.
I wanna go to Canada Aye.
Lol
the people who followed me they got swag and the people who didnt 2 u know and i dont want 2 leave out people
RT : Happy Birthday Wonder Woman!
Who is YOUR favorite 'wonder' woman?
Your mom, your sister, your boss, your friend?
if you need me, text me.
Wow...:see ya redwings!
Unreal loosing to
family night
Looked over to getting mad as her mouse didn't work but she didn't know it was actually mine :L
Happy Hour!
13pm!
10 off your order!
Simply tell the cashier: Behold the power of waffles!
and the discount is yours!...
I'm walking on the ceiling
Jamber at 858 Folsom St.!
Wine in kegs/on tap  opening in July.
Howd the laundoctor come out?!
The board that tweets together, um, er, practices excellent governance together?
Workin' on it...
Protruding tumor on your head will be in fashion soon with cell phone, now microwaved food, etc.
We all wanna be fashionable, no?
caked it...n commented...
PRESSURE...
wow!!!
Y'all deserve it!!!
Love ya
Not I.
Doubtful it's affecting all Chrome users, methinks.
love em already!!
It's all about the ratings.
That's why no MLB talk.
Change the name of the show to ESPN Tebow Take.
LOL its not like i can knock at her door anytime tho!
asdjfklsdj i have school tomorrow.
WHY CANT IT BE WINTER BREAK ALREADY.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Everytime I'm ready to give Kobe some credit, he does some Fake ass BULLShit.
Thats why I like he wants 2 be HISSELF.
To be a BOSS, you have to think like one....
Thanks for the FF !
Autumn in SanDiego is beautiful  it's our second summer!
Thanks for the suggestion.
We've added it to the queue of books to add.
not quite, but it is getting there.
I really think it is a mistake wave is going away, google is not especially patient
Lost at the mall.
Why did i go off on my own
i just want to get back on the field.
Maybe Kate is a kommunist robot.
Corn Beef, shepards pie, cabbage and Guinness.
St.Patrick'sDay
: Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.
You're getting followed as well!
No one fucking gets nor do I have the patience to explain it.
they are so cool :3 love them ;
I second that!!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 16
No texting go straight to sleep now!
;
AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet Let's TREND IT !
Hello Claudia, sounds fun and hope you have a good time.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2010...Peace out!
Beware of Liberty..up and coming program off to slow start..those teams are always dangerous late imo!
Appreciate the shoutout!
There's nothing like sitting outside...especially in these final cool days!
;
I swear if someone says my hair is orange I will bleach all of it
20ThingsAboutMe I hardly ever get mad, that's just not me!
Since I'm a man of the people, I want to hear your sasquatch slappin' ideas!
What's the first thing you want me to do as Mayor of Chicago?
Dam I wish I culd delete som of my mentions
Pro of working next door to : lunch break shopping!
WeWontWork if you don't let me be in my own personal space to breathe and be in my own head for awhile.
We can be the voices of logic and reason.
And introversion.
doctorams, doctorams, always doctorams with you, never common sense....
you can get macs and an ipod, you have to earn points on it then they mail it to you
Just waking up to the sounds of the ocean on Fire Island.
Livetweeting, obvi.
RT excited for the debate tonight??
Any good doctornking game key words??
Obamacare lol
Reading the LRB with an afterwork scotch, all hearth  habit.
Everything is in the same place.
Pharmacy, referrals, doctors  it's very efficient compared to the ppo, where you're all over.
All I want is a way to make people stop attaching Word files to the wiki.
:
Prolly gonna lay outta school in the morn  go when 4th block rolls around.
goodplan 
do you have a link or anything?
:
Woohio go chris brown
Congrats Robin!
It takes a very long time to become young
you should start one
Just ordered myself an Alligator Po Boy  got scolded by the chef for ordered a turkey sam...
What you wanna fade?!
Lol
happy early birthday!;
Okay so the other pic that you got of Tierra is for Vin's video.
Not the one I made.
bow!
Lookin all the way good le'go I got my studio back up and running to I'm ready when y'all ate let's get it!
sharing about freerange media  learning in an environment of trust, living in an unfiltered world
Yes and yes!
You had me at pretzel milkshakes.
Luckily my gorgeous face helped me pass!!!
I'm just so sad re: Eureka.
Thanks for all the fun, science  spirit.
Absolutely!
I was thereI remember.
Feel like our class has gotten closer this last week
3 more days left, and I'm counting down all the way!
A very sad loss in Christian Broadcasting with the loss of Tom Dooley.
Tough night, but I'll say this much: The Hoosiers are back.
At Skinny's Lounge tonight!
Show starts at 8pm.
I need Chinese food.
Where is the message?
Going to Trento, Italy, for a workshop tomorrow.
The journey will take 18h by train one way.
Can understand that people prefer planes.
Burned the cookies while watching Cake Boss.
so excited to go in and see the hypocritical pricks who like to call themselves a church.
Getting doctornk: 65
his girl friend find quickly because it grieves us to see you sad.
happy bday I love u.............
They're BAAAACCCKKK!
The Writing Center is once again offering doctorpin assistance at College Library this evening from 710 p.m.
Stop by.
After receiving the John Philip Sousa award and finding out Roberts is retiring, tonight was memorable.
I'll miss this.
where can I find details on the charity golf tourney taking place on Oct.
1?
You should get bonus FFMs for going back there again.
Can't wait to see your reports.
Thank you for the RT, and letting me know about LiveBinder!
I have sat in front of this computer for so long I swear I am beginning to collect dust.
nope but they get HIV RT : Do Porn Stars ever Die?
doctornking some of the epic Ethiopian tchembe n2 this morning.
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig.
Don't forget: Great Westside Family Easter Event tomorrow  April 23  gates open 9am  www.kuik.com for full story.
Tomorrow is gunna be horrible...
prove me wrong
Curating my Twitter will be my new
....hey babe.
Miss u much.
I want to bring her ass to Miami this summer  I hope you saved them Bruster's checks hoe!
Oh my god you so damn fine.
Move those hips from side to side.
;
I think that Google search just made my night.
lol glad to hear I KO'd you via iPOD!
:p New stuff will blow your head off..
so u might not want to fall asleep to it :x
i'm making a yummy little stir fry right now.
should be pretty darn fantastic.
awe!
But you should love it snowing.
And for the heartache .
You should be happy
Demi is my inspiration  nothing !
Went to school to be a teacher, ended up in journalism.
Still not quite sure how that happened.
i dont wanna get braces :/
oh then yes, i would definitely join.
:
This just isn't the same Top 28 feeling anymore!
My Quote of the Day  Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination., Oscar Wilde
hey how u doing i would like to talk to u please talk back
Craig Owens and Johnny Rockette tonight at Mojoes in Joliet!
Come hang!
haha none yet!
you are either in or out...
trying counts as being in!
Be confident.
say yes!
Just finished Skatin'!
That sounds really good right now.
Speaking of fish, sorry I was supposed to say he said.
HaHa
I'm lucky
at Marsdoctorve, some of us are exploring the options to create a new space company that meets earth based needs, tweet if you want more info
OMG what has happend its the smoke time in followres about 2b overlapping.its 419 so toke on the cali extreme choke  close ur eyes  doctoram
Studying my craft!
Love being an actor I love this professorssion!
Working on script for and School for scoundoctorls.
Make sure you let know you had a terrible time!
sending threatening look now
Slashing defense budget jeopardizes those on active duty.
Too many pols haven't served.
No vet, no vote.
thank you for the mention!
Exclusive: Dayo Okeniyi Talks New Show; Hunger Games Fans To See A New Side Of Him  Cambio
it's great for listening to when you're not really listening.
Like, if I exercised, I'd listen to it a lot
i was about to tell you a joke about birds...
but then i realized it would be hawkward
idk maybe some kind of spiritual dance
sometimes when i'm bored i like to curl up on the kitchen floor and pretend i'm a crumb
Hammond  hope to find a quality guy at 12th pick.
Finding a rotation guy would be great
Im kind of cold right now
SometimesYouHaveTo let go of your laugh in the middle of class.
I told him I had shit to do tonight and he doing nothing but ignoring that.
Tf nigga?
trying stutter edit out on our tracks is like seeing new colors
SHOWCASE YOUR WORK  Submit a photo for Photo of the Week on Muse Online!
Make submissions to
Thanks lady!
I miss you.
Maybe we can have dinner or brunch with our beloveds when I return.
It's been too long!
Today, I'm the guy looken sullen, doctorgging on a cigarette while happy people run off to their yoga classes ;
Hey, I miss you!:  you should def sing to me haha.
: love you!
heading out to NYC at 5am so no fun other than the Wilco for this boy tonight.
U eggheads get no response from me!
DMDC is on FOX
Still awake...
Fml
knocking out so many beats right now.
cheesin while doin it too.
to good to be true and r u still on the AZ streets earning your stripes ?
Den Doe!
Ghetto voice lol
I'm not a big fan of FPS games, mainly because I hate running around looking for ammo
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
don't lie 
Totally, but Baltimore is a very challenging place to make an artistic career due to low funding levels.
Regretting my trip to the Why must it be so painful.
I always forget  it's somewhere between a root canal and DMV.
Pearls, house shoes, and champagne cocktail in hand
Hahaha I dnt need yhur dick dey got toys n I got my fingers hahaha!!
Is it too early to see what the sox can get in return for Youk before the deadline?
disappears into the woods
WYD?
I JUST WOKE UP.
Jeremy Thompson, Burnett, Matthews.
love you
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Emo Philips
Its still raining.
I left last week and it was raining.
Taste of Alpharetta 
well I know the perfect solution...check us out at www.cdbaby.com/rottonwisdom or put us on your Pandora Player!
Thanks peace.
Freshman orientation Thursday, then school on Tuesday..
Summer went by wayy too fast.
Ah yes.
mister Yogato!
Sum girl just told me dat she like to fuck for money
Our PFO is sponsoring a skating party at the Roller Cave on February 8.
See you at 6:30!
wednesday.
staying in wailea
gonna waste my saturday night by watching a shitload of movies on netflix.
Does anyone has photos from events using Atelier Interctive, Jo Sonja, etc.?
We would love to see them!
oh, I can't take no more, her tears like diamonds on the floor.
I am.
Jades not
Thank you, Eli!
Good morning twitter.
Everyone have a great day and remember only one more day
How are our followers holding up this week?
Hard to believe we're in the thick of March already!
I need to win this!!!?
Omgg!
i wanna see that video when i go in!
lol
that's what I thought!
Like maybe she somehow preserved herself with a spell!
And she could destroy Klaus?
:O
Okay, that's not good....RT : Freedom crashed my machine every time.
Not quite the freedom I wanted.
I have a feelin today school is going to be fun:P but i felt bad yesterday for wht i did to my best guyfriiend:sorry vinny:
ok ima shoot ya a txt before tht cool?
Finally went with your rec and had dinner at Virgil's.
What a treat :
google news alerts just emailed it to me :
I should really do my homework so I don't fail algebra
Just saw a beautiful black and white woodpecker in Loose Park in Kansas CIty, Missouri enjoying a white birch to no end!
Time to work it out.
Hello Monday.
5 guys with and
I'm not moving Rickie out of the leadoff spot.
He is walking at a good rate, and his batting average will go up.
i feel bad cus i didnt do it back
Erica did,  course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while  but that's life, kid, work, move, etc.
Be thankful for all the changes and growth you experience.
ellensdamheroin try playing my chemical romance in your yard.
you're on the outside lookin' in close the blinds
lol I know your awesome!!
My Pilot is officially in agent's hands.
Here we go...
You don't need a mirror with a roommate like she tells you how it is!
getting my feet wet
u know it.
I bet it's 70 years if the screen is dimmed and GPS is off.
;
My Irene preparedness kit includes wine, ice cream, and picklemaking supplies.
Yours?
lol what that mean mane
Chris told me you might be in the market for some invitation design?
also I am PISSED they are remaking American Psycho.
Christian Bale IS Patrick Bale.
Lunar Park confirms that.
Maybe rules is the wrong word.
How about morals for someone who represents a professorssional sports franchise?
I'm followin him too
say hi to my homegirl for me.
She's the new girl at Armani cosmetics!
Have some fun in the sun for me.
:
What a great long break!
We hope everyone had a wonderful, safe holiday.
Lets have a grea rest of the semester!
Need new graphics for an existing display, installation  dismantling services, shipping, storage or onsite logistical services?
2152799120
great job on the 1 hour
Back at the Green Mill in Chicago tonite with the Deep Blue Organ Trio, then off to Ohio for 2 nites with Pharez Whitted's sextet.
Oh.
Yeah.
RT : smart is sexy.
So glasses are sexy.
:
Clippers won!
Down by as many as 27 and came back to win by 1.
Good morning GG!
My fiance is studying landscape architecture  pretty excited to learn from your tweets!
So glad no one is listening to the teacher.
People break up all the time, mainly for the wrong reasons.
They let the smallest things tear apart something so beautiful.
Without saying The Hulk, I'll say captainin America makes a fantastic leader.
Hawkeye could've used backstory and screen time.
We are the 1 options advisory service in America.
Our subscribers are more than satisfied with our options recommendations.
Come join!
I'm glad you enjoyed the Tanz Pea today!
In the next two weeks some amazing things are going to happen!
Cant wait for all the excitement!!
its done its never to late to Say thank your
I think  should go to prom together .
c':
Traffic..
annoyed!
Yes.
At least once every 20 seconds.
RT : Be honest with me: are you thinking about it now?
I want to roast a marshmellow.
honestly i dnt care if he do or not it's a show b u still think his arm is broke its a show not real
Those moments when you're really sleepy but you don't want to go to sleep because you're talking to that special person.
your welcome!
my pleasure love hows your day going so far?
If you cant say it, dont soap up.
Some massmarket soaps contain butylated hydoctorxytoluene, but our NEW Verve bar soaps never contain BHT
Did you know that you can download your Linked In connections?
Go to your Contacts menu item, Click on Connections, scroll to the...
:o where's ur cat and not mch
Aww, I love that song!
I was just singing it the other day, actually hahah
yeah!
Doing the new job happy dance!
Recital at 2 today, everybody should come!
: 
Fear and Loathing; back when Depp was acting
Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men.
And with these graduates from I am almost completely divorced from knowing anyone there.
Only 23 left...
is this your own doing or does Nicole have you on a turkey kick?
Jess makes me use it instead of red meat.
Don't judge.
ridin' up my lips
Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year!
8 can get here anytime now..
RT : Bittersweet.
scared because it's me against the world.
but excited i'll be moving on to bigger/better things
yea I hope so too :
One more service today...
main service at 10:45.
Praying for freshness!
any tuth action reports from this am?
Here's to the kids who are mistreated, misplaced, and misunderstood.
omg just watched it too its so sad : !xx
Show time!
Fucking Toledo almost gifts the burn a goal by letting Castillo on on an unguarded side.
That's a guy thing, yo...RT : Speaking of poop, anyone have poop phobia?
Doesn't really go with being a mom.
Not sure about this wandering rambling format for the morning keynote.
Fascinating evolution of the English language.
Examples: May I have is now Can I get.
Free speech in public is now thuggery.
Algebra sucks
Today is Steeler Pride!
Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper.
Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
hahahahaha that tweet was the cutest
Sitting in a thunder and lightning crying.
I'm so scared :c
Big Weekend GOOD FRIDAY  Sushi Time Masters Golf Tournament  Sushi Time EASTER SUNDAY 
Connect with me on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Youtube!
All links are in my professorle!
Misconduct by the STLblues ?!
SHOCKING.
feel ya there goin to ny in march and possibly touring in europe in june
you just don't seem to care.
fuck green day.
let's get it fellas!!!!
Sho em what u made of!!!
Practice hard play hard!!!!!!!
is crazy for
Its not easy, is it?
Fighting for something you could have had  wondering if maybe its already too late.
Watching Cincy big men and they just stand around when don't have the ball.
They find a block n plant on it and wait for a pass!
Hell hath frozen over.
RT : Pau Gasol: Buzzer Beater.
At ohare airport  they are saying we need to show ID at the gate to get on the plane by order of the TSA.
Resuming postproduction on experimental documentary 057 this weekend!
Stay tuned for details!
This time next week I should be sittin around a pool with my gf
I've got over 30,000 follows on my primary account ...
I can  do build trends for charity  rock music art  dance
I am adopting a bunny rabbit who was abandoned :
i feel like i have no time for twitter anymore :
glad.
You liked the bit
hah, bugger indeed.
Lost swarms r bad in any language.
I was to split it today..oh well
Are you parent to a teen?
Email we want your advice!
So like the most beautiful boy that I have ever seen is at my church right now.....................
I want a maid
I just realized how often I quote Harry Potter everyday.
Getting ready to go to the studio and put this show disc together for T.O.P.
they have a show coming up in HTown at Club Carabana May 9
More money, less work.
got cancer want to go holistic?
Find 10 others / ur SAME cancer who follow the EXACT plan you want  ONLY proceed if they r 100 sucessful.
can cody and doctorke do a photoshoot together, please.
actual deadline is tomorrow?
i've been looking at it, wondering how many conferences to commit to.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1864, CSA Gen.
Leonidas Polk evacuated Meridian, Mississippi, leaving the town open to Sherman's army.
hahaha.
You should doctornk then lol
I wish I had a girlfriend
you got this!
I realized this morning that I totally hijacked your paper last night.
Sorry!
I do that sometimes.
Lol
I love it when my dentist give me a sticker.
Yaay.
Hahaha yeah i know.
and thank youu :
hhaha yea..i really want to meet him 33
our little one no doubt made out like a bandit for christmas this year thanks to grandma, yiayia, aunt heather, uncle jason...
and us :
Just a reminder: change is hardoctorally, really hard.
i swear i heard an armadillo
My uncle is definitely going to chalk all this up to Obama's secret socialist mission for the US.
Shittin on my ex'
I'm so happy for , she needs to find someone good for her.
Love you girl!
found out it was from last night : BUT only 72 votes off.
My cousin has started smoking again after 8 mo.
He just finished chem  radiation for throat cancer.
Still in the hosp.
Oh, you'll be admiring my sexy handles and ecofriendly shape will you?
You cad!
:p
get on a plane.
Now.
Some people just act like they care ...
happy birthday!!
Max  we have a bike for you to ride at our Festival.
Gotta start somewhere.
August 15 and 16 at the Palmer Events Center.
Another morning.
I guess it's time to go to the gym.
Was it some dank ass stuff at least?!
Damn dude.
RT : If you're stupid  disrespectful enough to smoke weed in a cocktail bar..
Welp..I'm not voting cause there's no to vote for.
But if I was it would be for Tony or Jermaine
Lemonade Day is an awesome program that teaches kids about entrepreneurship www.lemonadeday.org
Good morning
I like it 3 u look always good 3 
Loved the team tango!
Deff my fav team dance in all the seasons.
The costumes were so adorable!
Teamisterchee deff the best in the group;
Sheamus is trending and i just want y'all to know that's the name of my truck:
you better get used to playing in the cold!!
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TONIGHT STAY TUNED FOR FRONT STAGE RADIO
Save the datethe old Northfields is now Monroe's Restaurant  Bar Grand Opening June 2.
Apps, doctornk specials  music
: This doctorve to Norman seems longer than the trip to Nac.
Only to Ardmore.
naptime GOOD LUCK MAN
DE: ok I am following you.
Follow me and you can DM, if you do not have your answer yet.
NO PERSONAL INFO as this is not...
And a special thanks to Marissa Cotter and Jill Lauderdale, volunteer staff who showed up for extra painting time today!
Ready to hit the crib
Get ready to get your rocks off!
The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
But i heard they sold out
Always see people true sides
RT : RT : Solo Dolo.
No hoes.
No wife.
No girlfriend.
I'm coolin it til a dame shows real interest...
LOL it's a big day brother!
Thank you Sam!
Same to you.
We should keep in touch.
Btw, I love what you're doing with MydoctornkOn!
Snuck away from the party laying in bed with my baby boy, I'd rather be here anyway.
Mochi ice cream for breakfast
him and some of the guys on gossip girl...
at Oilcan Harry's today  5pm.
SXSW and StPatricsDay collide at your favorite local bar.
Which one I ask.
I am always looking for talent
Just finished building new Linux server!
question i ask myself every morning: Should i sit in the open seat that looks like it may or may not be wet?
It's lunchtime.
Today's Specials: grilled chicken breast panini, BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and chicken noodle soup.
When I see people spell you like yhu.
Go somewhere.
Yes, it's the same one.
HUGE deal for my client.
I'm the photographer.
Did the large format graphics, gifts are my promo items.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Repair rules, but do you know anywhere that can regrommet hiking boots?!
Wikipedia isn't only an encyclopedia, but its shown to have less errors than most other encyclopedias.
I love that commercial!
Kiss 108 just called and told me I won tickets to Crooked Arrows but I can't make it!
I don't even recall entering but I feel special.
Bout to go home and get doctorss
what happen?
Are u okay?
That's exactly what you're doing to a 16yr old on the internet.
Aren't you an adult?
Shouldn't you know better?
Just saw myself in the mirror.
Man, I LOOK tired as hell.
I gotta be better about sleeping.
Looking for B12?
We offer PhytoPharmica Vegan B12 chewable/sublingual tablets or we can compound transdermal B12 with a doctor's Rx.
Meh, I put together a background sound thingy...
it consists of rain, thunder and wind, lol :'
Travel really screws up my Google Readering.
In other news, math is hard.
do u have mtf transformation
almost there!
My doctoram of a Capitals  Predators NHL final lives on!!!
Kaylee Deluga recently signed an athletic scholarship to Saint Anselms College in New Hampshire for volleyball.
It's National School Counselor week!
To the many school counselors who participate in our partnerships, thank you for your hard work!
I've done openended manually, as well as w/HyperResearch ...
but it's been a while.
Wondering if better tools exist now
life short an a midget told me that , an i always thought i wwas fly like i had a pidgeon on my back
I would :
a used diaper?
Golf please....
Haha, thank you.
We are making a lot of changes, even changing the name, but it'll only get better, right?
:
wait so raven symone is a lesbian
As per director Lonnie Bunch, will include visual arts w/ a special focus on contemporary art yay!
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
lol well I do .
I read EVERYTHING but I am passing on this one.
However, I just got my wife started on it.
Thanks Bert Show!
fingers crossed, toes crossed, Viola please Viola!!
I'm soo awesome oh so awesome It's amazing how awesome I am!!!!
Lmaol Jhoselyne moment of the day!!!!
:
thanks for the s/o!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
Hope to see you next week!
xx
Damn its over for d.rose
I am inspired everyday by those who surround me...thank YOU for being part of that inspiration!
:
Next week's courses: WordIntermediate 1, doctoramweaverBasic 1, AccessBasic 1  ExcelBasic 1.
www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Office Depot Q1 Earnings Preview
Over 150 views on my video since yesterday!
Thank you all for watching and sharing 3
Too much news from muted TVs at bars...or maybe just enough.
News ticker  Twitter tv.
So was Diane Keaton tripping balls during her appearance on Colbert Report, or what?
Taurus best is a
If at first you don't succeed just quit
Ray Rice would fumble
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Now that you mention that, he does always doctorw the play for D Wade.
Niggaz is star wipes nowadays.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Sophocles
Judging by his own performance and by Gallardo's, Suppan must have taken the Cardinals aura to San Diego.
I don't know if I could watch that, for real.
Friendly Reminder: Today is Tuesday the cheapest day to buy airfare!
So buy now  call us if you're headed to/from Chicago!
3639027
Both!
If learning is to occur, teaching must be effective.
To be effective, someone must learn!
Let us know when you get the book and what you think.
Spread the word create awareness
Who has seen the new Harry Potter?
Good?
Bad?
Fill me in.

to be made both selling processed food  the doctorgs/surgery to tx obesity
I feel like I have to read 50 Shades of Gray just to see what all the buzz is about.
Peer pressure doesn't end in high school.
thank you mister.
A :
I hope you got Spicy Chicken...
Your hybrid/programmer podcast made me want to be Canadian.
Well, more than I already do.
see you there!
: We'll be outchea tonight!
Be there!
TONIGHT: OPEN BAR 10 Entry and at 8:00 at Busby's East.
Give us a tweet shout out if you've registered for this year's convention in  over 3k in incentive prizes!
iPad app shld let usr increase font size and thn doctorg pg around to read.
Dont just digitiz screen shots.
Use device's capabilities.
also a contact email addoctorss somewhere that doesn't require logging in to the wiki
I Fall Asleep Listeniing To Music I Love It It Relaxes Me:
hit me up with SonyTablet and make my girl happy
GUYS CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUOUT AND ILL GIVE YOU ONE ?!
excellent..
Now I know who to go to for stories.
Has anyone written the It's really hot when women I'm interested in have extensive football knowledge and passion blog post yet?
Hahahahah good question.
I ask myself that everyday.
I only see my office and my bed.
I had to visit a friend in the hsptl
beside of being a belieber i'm a rusher nd i'm proud 2 be both
So interesting how people's attitudes contribute directly to the energy level in the room...
Hey!
Where the party at?
Check out our fishtail braids on www.clipitz.com
hey Dave can I get a follow?
Been a fan ever since I've used your guy in Madden, he's a beast with Fitzpatrick!
Whoo hoo!
Just found out that tonight's H50 is a repeat of my episode.
Powa Maka Moana!
Look for the distraught parent!
Just took a shit.
It smells like vodka.
ON WISCONSIN!!!
I am going to come and visit you all the time : I am glad I got to see you last night!We will party next weekend or sometime soon
But after Bush 1, Clinton, Bush 2, then Obqma, I shouldn't have any faith in people.
Got a turntable , my Animal Collective Ticket, and a Capo for my guitar .
Love having a job
Were excited to welcome our fall study abroad participants in less than a month.
Good luck packing  dont forget your swimsuit!
I'm not the sweetest thing in world , so why bother being nice
Yelp checkin not working, but im checking out one of these coney island restaurants that appear to be everywhere in dearborn.
Whee!
Missed BloombergWest earlier :
Courtney Cox tits are so big in this Longest Yard remake
Lucky to be at Four Corners right now on this beautiful day!
GTFO MS NEWTON I HATE YOU AND YOUR STUPID ASSIGNMENTS
RT : Celebrate Easter with us / at 6:00p.
will climb some ladders.
Crosby just became a legend
i am jealous of all the mahomies who live in new york who get to see your concert.
i live in australia.
cometoaustralia ?
Sorry account was hacked!!!
Fixing it now, we don't actually have funny pictures of you.
Exciting morning for DNation Milwaukee!
Kent Watson has joined our ranks and Shannon has hit her 250 mark!
Congrats!!!
is the best :
TheyNeedToBringBack All the 90's shows.
Congrats to !
Gravity Was Everywhere Back Then was added the MoMA's permanent collection.
Woo hoo!
Did CBS switch to a rugby game?
you look beautiful in your new pic!
Good food and paying with swag..2 wins!
RT : write about a guitar or play the guitar?
Deciding on what movie to watch from my laptop.
Haven't used it in a long time.
Thanks John Paul!
A Happy followfriday to you  yours!
:
Good morning!
Who wants some samples?
I'm sending some out today!!
Daughter hasn't started school yet but already scheduled an appt to meet chair of her new department.
we bout to shut this bitch down
Hey!
He shaved his back!
and its my bday!
Thanks for the inspiration!
Thanks for the shout out on Clicgear 3.0!
We appreciate it!
Stay in touch.
Guys I'm so happy right now
RT: Just a fration of your love fills the air and i fall in love with you all over again 3
When i see you smile it makes me smile
Bible Verse of at the Day: It is Written, He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me...
youmightbeanautismparentif you don't believe autism is tragedy.
You believe that a belief like that is tragedy.
you have my number...
The Museum is the catalyst for discussion you didn't know you wanted to have, in a vetted space.
Thanks for shout outs!
Happy
Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always!
Ooh, I have seen one episode of that but I always forget when it's on!
that is awesome!
Thank you SO much for posting this  continuing to post!
There are far too many stigmas attachedinfo needs to get out!
I think i just realized i dont have keep searching for that person who understands me completly.
God filled that tonight.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 90
I should know this, it's in my major.
like a silky smooth jumper!
Saw a John Bradley DA sign, must be Austin, must be your DAd!!
My head hurts.
Gonna go to bed like now.
:
yea...right.
ik what your doing.
It'll behoove you to stay off the grid for a while
that's original.
RT : RT : skepta's music video was nothing bad.
Stop hyping it up like it is some kind of hardcore porn movie.
Guess what?
Sackbutt!
Long range planning works best in the short term  Dan Hansen
Insurance spam from the AIA.
Just when you think an institution cant really sink any lower..
Thanks!
It's always been a huge favorite :
guess i can't put off doing my taxes any longer
Props to Megan for telling Don the truth.
beer at obriens tonight will be local so you're just stimulating the economy.
aha double 6s..i win u pay me!
Friday the 13th bitches.
all I wanted for my birthday was a twitter mention, thanks for making my doctorams come true.
haven't been, but excited to go.
Ain't no boondoggle like a PK boondoggle.
RT Want 200 to shop everything ?
Just RT this post in the next 4 hours, and you're in the running.
Go!
RT : how nice is it to skip seventh period :'
Yeah I am going to the Vinum one.
Whats at the grill?
bored....DM for the number
I wanna go to bdubs today, Who wants to go?
KD damn near traveled
Good Night Good People..
Tomorrow is a new day.
Lets make it happen
17 times teams have come back down 31 to win the series.
Never take your access for granted
how difficult is it to listen when we are praying; what can we do to help that?
My 9 month old niece is ticklish and it is so cute!
Please follow me: 12
You put on for ya city all the way from ya mommas house
You don't need someone to complete you.
You only need someone to accept you for who you really are.
Hahaha theres a kid next to me breathing really heavy ah :P
I love you 
im no where near your level...
Folks we need to get on Community!
oh ah ...
Amicis has Homemade Lobster Bisque tonight!
Along with our great Fish Fry!!
Check out our limited 5 martinis from 10pm 12am
Thanks!
So glad it was a small one.
Fish facts: Populations that eat fish regularly live longer then those that don't!
I don't get why not.
I have a fourth person to go.
Coaching lax in nice weather is better than coaching lax in crappy weather.
I went with a sleeve..
now thinking it was not the way to go.
YMMV.
true true!
:
I agree
Happy mothers day to all my twitter moms who follow me..enjoy a nice nights rest and wake up to a full day of fulfillment!
Suffering from a headache, fatigue or weakness?
Probably lacking magnesium.
Diet sources include bananas, avocados, whole grains  legumes
It's 'Teacher Planning Day' at SEI TOMORROW!
Spend some quality time with your kids on a Friday!
make the playoff lets go
Proud of the team.
The only company that has SHIPPED gamification for Salesforce, Jive,  IBM.
It does say, This space is not meant for banner ads or other promotions.
...but what do I know?
I'm just a monkey.
The Del Grande Dealer Group is announcing one of the largest sales events of the year; DGDG's President's click for details for all stores h
How come when I raise a suited connecter 3/4 of the time the door card is gin and next two are shit
Too much to do...
Joe Girardi and Ben Erwin have just officially met...FACT
You're having me worried, what's with the red line today?
percogesic, but only if you don't have to function.
Best over the counter muscle relaxer ever.
morning!
How are you?
Lots of love your amazing and I love you ok so follow me please?
Yeah?
No?
Maybe?
I love you
hey: GoodNight 3
i would like to request Feelin Fine by
merry christmas :
and I need a new closer
Having car problems?
We can help by coming to your office or business.
Huge discounts on oil changes and auto repair.
No messNo fuss!
That's just gross.
Take that bitch to McDonalds and fatten her up.
how could i say no to that face.
:
Some of us like like a Black Woman with some meat on her bones.
It's a healthy look !
illegall?
Haahahahhaa wow that's funny
One more chance tonight to see von Trier's 'Antichrist' on 35mm.
Not the easiest film to watch, but it makes for GREAT lobby talk after.
Joey Boy!
Play Champagne  Chickenheadz!
It's no fun cooking for one.
Gearing up for a photoshoot next Wednesday for the Cincinnati Enquirer!
umm basket ball?
Saw on a church sign: Worship is not complete until it produces obedience.
I want to add and a hunger for God's Word.
I have once, really terrible, won't doctornk again.
still getting used to this twitter thing
Anyone have a Google invite for me?
Here we go do work.
There's a group of Fing Dbags outside the gates of our complex.
U know when a dude is in sweatpants  no shirt shadow boxing he's a tweaker
Watching last night's Simpsons with again.
Snorting with church giggles as Lisa tries to write YA book.
Best episode in years.
Spinning at ECCO tonight!
Over 200 porn stars are attending the party.
Already sold out!
It's gonna be insane 3
It just seems like nothing ever works for me, why can't I just be happy like everybody else around me?
teaching service learning with an emphasis on the effects of poverty and educational disparity
lol, its gonna be ugly quick
The one night I'm able to sleep in and I wake up at 5:30am!
R.I.P MBone
Giants sign Eli Manning to new 97.5 million dollar deal.
Eli now has the highest average annual salary in the NFL
The rocking chairs there are so pleasant for bird watching.
I haven't been out to Mason Neck yet this spring, need to go!
Maria  Derek time!
it's finally the REAL Opening Day!
I'm in the mood to 3 a box jump.
There can't be us if I dont have u....
I can't decide where to eat lunch today.
Any recent favorites for nearmall, at least moderately healthy, not Rev Soup?
lunch in
Thank you!
It went well.
the colts ARE gonna come back this season.
i'd put money on it.
c;
I think I'm finally moving over from Tweetdeck to Hootsuite to manage my personal social streams.
Really hate the new Tweetdeck, used to...
interesting set of people in your sphere of influence.
some very comical.
checking out your website now.
cheers!
1 week till the studio!!!!
Sadly, no mimomas or bloody marys this morning, or it'd have been more than ideas buzzing.
;
Happy Mother's Day from our staff at Kuko's.
Don't forget our Mariachi will be performing at 8pm!
Bryan
Quite right, Natalie.
Mutual appreciation society member, and gladly.
nothing short of an addiction
In finding love, Don't be searching for someone to live WITH, rather search for someone who we cannot live WITHOUT.
Bill Johnson
ahh!!
I JUST HAD A GREAT IDEA!
Let's have a puppy or kitty with us too!:D it'll be so cute to have around 3
This morning.
My teacher played faded in class and it reminded me of :
You know when you have found your prince because you not only have a smile on your face but in your heart as well.
Author Unknown
's also in the photo!
PUMPED HERE!
: 3
just plain upset right now..
:
Who is Steve Aoki??
Don't miss this one...
how do u win back a virgo guy
Its My Birthday!!!
Cali It Is!
The Brown Family from Sister Wives will join us at 6:30a
GREAT day today : glad my mum had a wonderful Mother's Day!
I had fun too with friends 
RT : Spoke too soon on LaMike based off the articles im reading.
Imagine I just caused quite a stir in Oregon.
GoDucks
Contemplating the day and its direction
Ever get totally random words stuck on repeat in your head?
Like deoxyribonucleic acid.
And malocclusion.
Ugh!!!
uCantBeToughAndSay my favorite movie is the notebook
omg!!
I love Niall!
He's amazing well they all are!
I just don't get how people are mean to Niall smh
that's awesome!
Threshold, announced the completion of patient enrollment into the Companys Phase 2 pancreatic cancer study with TH302
No takesies backsies on tequila Tuesdays when you were responsible for the tequila!
I wanna move from this hell whole I call home 3
LOL  okay, remind me who your mother is!!!
It's as if both teams are Savin their energy for extra time.
Tsutomu Shimomura We call things we dont understand complex but that means we havent found a good way of thinking about them.
Haven't worked out since Friday,  the food I consumed this weekend was unhealthy...
Back on my gymflow 2morrow
Ahausuejsidsi JUSTIN BIEBER ;D
I'm weak, well hopefully the with give you your phone back soon.
Anyone looking for a paid internship this summer?
nice to know you'll get paid well for working 2 hours a day since the commute will take up the rest of your day.
Ha nothing like almost heading to Nashville instead of Chicago at 4am
Eddie Moten makes his presence felt as he intercepts a pass and returns it for a touchdown, Preds lead 3410.
February 1692....The Salem Witch Hunts begin
Me too!!
Totally forgot to wear green today  no pinches yet!
having to take the day off work because i can't stop throwing up, vodka will be the death of me.
Keep me in mind with your WPB and Key West  or any keys related Tweets!
:
Yo what up Angela.
Nice Tumblr but gotta admit that Simon Cowell thing freaked me out pretty hardcore.
Lol!
yayyyyyyy the picture of us lol
ThingsILookFor in someone I'm dating YOU MUST BE ROMANTIC!!!
that face is because this stupid hw is super boring .
and really??
Hahahaha you should say him hi ; hahaha
LIAM!
Its sunny here in America..
How's your weather?
:
hey hey hey.
did you change jobs?
how are you?
catch up soon?
dinger is a fucking idiot for that
thanks Oliver!
when you come back to milwaukee you can play with mine ; 33 hope all is well!
muthafucka locked the Door On Me if you ain't Notice lol .
RT : If ethnic studies are banned, no more English lit then, right?
Or Western Civilization?
A disorder in bilinguals is not caused by bilingualism or cured by monolingualism
whoknew a car's seat belts have program codes?
sometimes a dealer has 2 reset codes 4 SRS 2 function properly?
not being able to walk is some real shit
cool.
Good luck, do your best  don't give up!
..wait there's a bucks game going on...
S/O to for diggin my new avi!!
YouTube this man he about to make it big in the game!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
What are your weekend plans?
In the same time it takes to watch a movie or take a walk you could help a child in need!
might go see chris saturday ..
Home Made?
Total work of it  movement, music, media  impressive.
Plays thru Wed., but I hear they may add a date.
I'm with ya
S/O to thanks for the follow back
Bill Hader's eyebrows have more life than 70 of people exhibit in their sum existence.
Aww ur so nice I'm ok just hope I don't puke 00
here here!
RT : In this together.
you did amazing last night, I love you wifey.
3 ;
ESPECIALLY if you saw the women helped by its programs.
RT How could you NOT want a Violence Against Women Act ?
We are open for Dinner this evening!
Stop by and try our new Chef's Tasting Menu!
To be updated soon.
I might get kicked out of school tomorrow for beating the shit out of the kid who bullied Alexandoctora
Who is using LinkedIn ads?
How are they working?
Are you doing B2B or B2C or both?
I take em back like return flights
you're without Internet and cable right now too?
it was a fire at the recycling center.
Cool cover story in Dec Think about infosci implications of billions w/ personal digital archives!
Getting some rest in tonight before jumping into sessions all weekend for my 2 new web series, SCHOOL  BOARD and MATCHING THE doctorPES!
The problem with spurs is the wackiness it wreaks on regular service.
I like the map though.
Perhaps add some WeHo service?
Thanks for your insightful interviews with  Diversity in publishing is thriving!
too fast..
but Cotto caught em fosho..
better than anyone flaw paquio chineese chicken next to Floyd..
damn im starving
Of course!
Flowers, chocolates  breakfast in bed!!
Hope u have a great Mother's day too :
Dear , is that you with the handlebar mustache in the Heineken bare knuckle boxing commercial?
:
They are just hiding better, still have 8 in house!
;
: Haha Twitter tonight
Is Little Ricky Perry a good case for creation gone bad or for unfinished evolution?
ugh..how did I know you'd be one to comment;
Rumor has it my spirit was invoked at sca2012.
Sorry I missed your sweet tall skinny self!
Let's catch up soon!
Damn instead of getting more followers I have lost 2 now I only got 56 :
most recipes I'm seeing are just lemon peels steeped in vodka, then steeped in simple syrup.
easy!
Anal yes or no?
Ouch message us
Feel like a zombie after last night's show.
Ears are muffled, voice is gone and everything just hurts.
So worth it, though.
Check out my illustration on the Mod Sun Friendbase facebook page..its the professorle pic..workin on a / joint
Thanks!
It's hard to beat a sunset in Seattle!
Seeing past lovers makes you look back at all the little things that made you fall for them
please follow me back Cody ..
:
Hi Bethany, thanks for the follow.
Looks like another great day in Sunny Co.
m, wasabi and pickled ginger.
FRI Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Parsnip Soup with Crispy Parsnip Strips  Basil Chiffonade
All this antiKU schadenfreude I'm feeling will no doubt backfire on me when Jeff Withey inevitably ends up on the San Antonio Spurs.
I've pass all my finals today :D :D :D
i want to rip thses fake nails off
Why should Phoenix care if the Coyotes relocate to another city?
All 12,000 of the fans that go to the games will get over it.
An hour ago I had chills with goosebumps, now I'm sweating.
The hypochondoctorac in me is loving this.
U win some, u lose some.
But u live, u live to fight another day
I'm doing that now as we speak.
ATLiens was too good, yo.
I wasn't expecting that experience.
: give a a shout out homie
also good spot for dining solo...
very attentive waitstaff
her body looked like senor hanes squished in that pencil skirt.
Cyberinfrasructure as means to serve indiv/teams/orgs in ways that revolutionize what they do and how they do it
I'm helping to plan out some way to promote 'snow' science  wanna help?
when you think of snow, what do you think of?
SO fun having my girls and visit for lunch at  showing off the offices.
icantgoadaywithout eating but honestly who can?.?
I think moral argument might be a bit of a stretch...
I'm a big fan because he gets an undeserved hard time from Reds fans, and that's a weak reason for me being a fan???
Okay....
Lots of fun!
Playoffs are a completely different animal.
Totally different intensity level.
No more Bobcats and Wizards
and not get work done?
I can not.
:
gained weight where exactly?
:
Tweet it in a Canadian accent...sounds much better : Goal GABBY.
win.
Yes
Bro, i love your music.
Just keep being boss xD
immvt peer2peer learning resonates, sticks w students
we know inauthenticity when we see it  from
The pleasure is all mine!
Congrats on the press and IFQ win!
Reminder: We're reopening at 7pm, and we'll be serving beer, wine  cider at happy hour prices from 78pm tonight!
See you soon!
Chemical spill closes entry to downtown  10th and B.
Traffic jam on SB 163 at Balboa Park.
Use SB I5 or surface streets.
WhatMakesYouBeautiful Be yourself!
so about that 'the bay' acapella for me to make a house remix...how do you want to send it to me ; email?
Feeling blue.
saw Full Service at Stubb's on Fri night.
Cool show!
Stop by today before, during, or after the Cubs game for 4 Great Lakes beer, 4 Absolut Peppar Bloody Mary's and 4 Mimosa's
Help Haiti.
this could have happened to LA, SFO or NYC.
No press conferences or photo session, just send money and help
I dont know what I want anymore '
I LOVE YOU TOO 3
What's for breakfast??
ISWYDT with those Buy 2 get 1 free deals ....
Nah playa I'm good with my buy 1 get 1 free joints ...
School needs to crawl in a hole and die
I was thinking about getting one.
It's clear I need it, haha.
was a great time!
Looking forward to doing this again!
decisions, decisions, decisions....trying to decide which painting to put up for this week's art auction...any requests or suggestions?
Feeling motivated today.
Usually don't wake up with the same motivation I went to bed with.
Cheers to my hustlers.
I hate girls that believe their boyfriends over their friends!
good looks bud!
Wanna move to Vegas!?
I heard that it was starting to get banned in some places so I wanted to snag a copy before it was gone.
;
I can see it in your eyes babe!!
Just so everyone knows, I look really hot in my new vanna shirt :
SignsAPersonCantCook wen dey Oak Meal Looks like Watery Throw up!!
BibleStudy poppin collars putting this Jesus swag on display!
Beautiful Christmas morning in KY.
Missing my kidsnot our year to have them with us.
O Come Let Us Adore HimChrist the Lord!
what's the win/loss over the past 10?
Aaron Holiday had 36 points and Cole Huff finished with 23 points, 19 rebounds and 10 blocks.
someone butchers rocky mountain way and you idiots play it on the radio?
Cannot stand this station.
Well, back up to W.
V., Sat., Sun.
at the Purple Fiddle, love this place, if you are anywhere near, come by.
yes it is .
so much!
.
I wish I can go back to high school .
Who's coming to see us in Cleveland March3rd at Peabody's we need some photos and live vids so we would like to work with you!
the doctor Said if I was going to do any yard work I needed to wear protection ....
It took me a hour to put a condom over my head
Gorgeous designs !
He's not at fault here.
The point is that he's made stuff up consistently in the past, and this doesn't wipe the slate clean.
It was MAYHEM today at my school!
There was about FIVE fights,and 30 students got suspended!
yep yep, so did the letter work everything good?
Too sad, we'll miss you!
Time for the doctorft...watching with ice on the knees and on the back.
Ah.
Let's do this
Three yards to sadness.
I can't believe this crap!
Last night I doctoramed I bought a beemer.
It was black and oh so shiny.
Over coming lifes struggles make you a better person
Won't help her abilities??
You've obviously never heard me sing in the shower
looks like this girl is gonna be canceling some home visits this afternoon if the weather does what it's supposed to!
RT Im about to start my new diet !!
This shit better work just sayin?
Smh
you're the best, thanks for your help
just dance 2, with my boy.
3
I tryed lobster and its fuckin gross.
Harry potter and the deathly hallows 12  studying for finals
ha!
Likewise...until we play each other :
no it's not!
soup's on!
I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season.
Yall can blame T Mac for that Josh Smith shot..he was over there buckin his head up after Smith got that dunk haha
: If J Cole and Kendoctorck Lamar work together, that will be historical.
DEFF!
Does anybody wanna jump on the Paper Thin Disaster, Sourblood, When Legends Die show?
Email !
Go Carl!
Joe doesn't have a chance
I ran over a bird...
Ewe
It surpasses expectations.
Has me craving literary fiction, limes, as well as a trip to Disney.
That moment when you polish off the 3rd glass of wine  then remember you've only eaten an apple today 
I love how when I log into twitter my cp automatically is running operations of outside influence.
I'm sure R has already given you a swift kick to say Happy Mother's Day
Extra mad!
RT: How mad is JoJo Simmons about Diggy's music fame?
no thanks.
No good use for it.
Save it for only a matter of time!
Is it weird that upon finishing a book on my Kindle, I want to buy a hard copy  stick it on my shelf?
Swagger is the way to success!!
lol
I read all 3 of 's books this wkend.
Wish I could write that well now i need an aspirin
So excited about our international night event People are beginning to arrive, and they are bringing specialty food.
Yummy!
A guy who truly loves his girl doesn't have to unbutton her shirt to see a better view of her heart.
sounds about right...
Just doctorve by.
I handled 100's of shootings and homicides..HOCO takes it serious...
Command truck and all
It's strange when you finally read the text that you've been reading about for years.
Law an Order SVU.
Institutionalized by Suicidal Tendencies is a great F'N song!
Had a great time hanging with you too!
And the Thunder won, so that makes it an even better evening.
NF THE LOVELY U ;
Devon Johnson is a hater
Best sushi on 30A created by Chef Easterly
Day 2?
ENOUGH already....
ozzy is a waste of your air time.
Lets get to the sport talk in english.
is that better than normal?
lmao I don't hate you!
I love VT.
But, then again, I love LA.
I try to save all my less amusing things to say for Facebook
Taking care of home then I'm out
lol shouldn't u be sleep there kiddo?
Better to stumble than make a slip of the tongue.
Russian Proverb
Getting Ready To Go To Bed and Whatch TV!
Soo Exhausted!!
Like this status if you are excited for the New Year!
Thanks bud!
I appreciate that!
:
bed good night.
ill twee to ya at in like 15 minutes.
jk.
rofl.
Cucumbers!
So Good.
So good for your body.
Free!
Idea!
Cut up some slices and put in a pitcher of water.
Refreshing, different, yum!
31612
RT : lol...Ya'll shoulda' never let me figure this thang out...!
I'm glad i'm here tho.
I'm gonna make this fun!
Dude and double dude  PVC red hot is the worst nonwarfare item ever created.
The warning list reads like a horror tale and it's true!
its my 16th birthday can i please get a shoutout?
love you!
:
it was my youngest bro asking so I guess I'll find out when I get to OKC
Gonna get in a knife fight today.
Troilus  Cressida.
when i applied to St johns, they required 4 years of those subjects
follow back!
The final materials have been ordered.
Custom gaming tokens coming soon!
Still going.
My current distance is 5.05 miles.
Current song is Far Behind  Candlebox
what are you doing today?
The Shins have an album coming out next year!
: People referring to OKC as they team  start back holding the Bulls nuts damn.
I swear
Southern Tier oak aged unearthly imperial India pale ale now pouring.
House passed Debt Ceiling bill.
Also, Sisyphus near summit, deck chairs successfully moved, Linux users are still looking for a break
I mean with such a great deal on my hands, how could I pass that up.
unveils a new burgercalled the Hot N' Juicy.
My uncle said that he doesn't catch balls cause he already has some.
send us your resume!!!
:
Andy Fisher of campaign says they're not calling the race yet.
They're waiting for bigger counties to report
Ask iLounge: Using iTunes Match to convert protected tracks from other iTunes accounts
Good Morning loves, on my count down 2 more hours of work and im out this jam ;...
Have a blessed day everyone :'s
Thanks for the MT  tips!
Awesome nerdanswer.
RT : .
Walmart lowers its prices exponentially.
They will approach zero, but never reach zero.
Kobe has not looked right since that incident in Denver.
Cheeks hollow.
please don't I am begging you!
Haha.
They're probably still bitching about loud Depeche Mode and a bone doctorll.
there's a nice finality to it.
That's all I have to say about that.
Will probably make great/awful reading in a year.
I'm very much looking forward to 2011.
Good riddance 2010!
: Jacob was playing music Saturday morning and I knew it all and he was so impressed it was crayI must've been OUT
and so true lol
TY so much for the RTs!
I appreciate you.
Hitting the gym then enjoying this amazing weather
No matter how many times you say Okay, your parents will not stop talking.
hill!!
I may be there!
How long were u goong?
Lifelog as documentation of relationship between doctorver  car, makes me recall Bluey, the car I grew up with altchi is too cool
Man I need someone to talk to
yeah, I'm pretty damn psyched
Got a haircut.
Hopefully people will stop asking me for Crystal Gail's autograph now.
1DNewEnglandContest forever grateful.
Dibens got passed, OUCH
rangers won!
:
So pissed right now.
Work wants me off an autism team eval because I know the kid too well.
Guess thorough evals aren't important anymore.
When exactly do you die?
When the heart stops or the brain no longer works?
ima finish these watching these documentaries later.
Damn missed calls
So do we!
: What's your favorite dish?
RT : I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD
I remember the Giants playing the 49ers in the NFC Championship 1990, the best game I ever saw!!!
I hope today is just as good!!!
true story female and male!!
I mean if my man can't go out and doctornk with me, I won't be a happy girl
Loving the moon tonight!
teamfollowback follow , , they follow back
Happy bday to me
How did tidying up my living room for company turn into cleaning out my closet?
Mack has taken over
: you're going to do great!
Im rooting for ya!!!
yes i get jealous...
i dont show it but i do
isnt it always
For any questions or comments for NoAccSplash, please email Brandon at !
You feed beefburgers to swans!
all indications are that it's the owner's orders to rebuild w/out tanking.
Seems would do it differently if he could.
Why does say What a load of old Poppycock Find out tonight.
Screw trying to find a miserable job this summer.
I'm gonna make my own while making myself and others happy.
i love you girl youre great33 but uh i still wanna run on the treadmil  the exercise bike!
yep it's coming up quickly!!!
Raising funds  awareness 4 nobelityproject w in Austin tonight.
Lady, I'm just so happy that you are still blogging!
I saw your post title and my heart doctorpped for a second.
If he isn't, they can say goodbye to my Club Season tickets as well as my fandom since 1977!
ya Ypsilanti girl is gettin ma3qouda lol we gotta make it fun n I don't mean makin fun of ppl lol
It's warming up in FL thank goodness.
Me  the cold don't go together
your broke remember!
Haha, yes, that's exactly how I sound!
confused...
i ain't heard from him in two days ugh to depress
Its more Where that came from..
Thats why people will fill those seats!
We pay to see a fighter not a take you down and win a score card battle!
yes.
yes of course.
just name the time and place and we'll be there.
thanks!
Congrats, and glad to hear that you're moving down here!
No No No I'm just a twitter Houdini.
Here one moment then busy the next
Every one try to trend welovegreyson!!!:
what I do?
Follow us on Twitter:
We do!!
Tweet us to find out!
RT : 5pm in Chicago!
Happy Hour Time!
Any bars have some great specials?
plus they missed something  dinosaur gas that bad would've meant it was very loud in the Jurassic period.
:
grilled sweet potatoes!
Interesting idea!
Looks good.
Me neither.
City has incentivized more than 1 billion in economic development and 13280 new or saved jobs.
BOO BOO STEWART IS SO CAAAUUUTEE : 3
RT : services, rates shoot way down.
NPO's like knock it down to low 20's as opposed to state's...
That's amazing.
Was that at the YMCA?
STARMAKERS tonight at Stage AE with Gary Racan and the Studio E band!
So excited to see  tonight
Hurry, ending soon!
Paint scratch removal priced at 50 off.
Stop by in downtown SanDiego.
Same day service, most vehicles.
Another great free show tonight: Lucky Lawrence  The Souvenirs
FOLLOW ME IF YOUR IN LOVE WITH ONE OF THE ICONIC BOYZ
someone shoot me I wish I was out like lil amp he is out
I think he is considered a OLB.
I'm equalopportunity boozefun, but gindoctornk turns me into a ghost.
True story.
of course.
just scheduled my master's defense omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgfreakout
just saw 2 of the biggest box turtles I've ever seen
Dammmmnnnnnn I like a man in uniform lol
A real nigga  a real female  a REALationship
It's a good name.
It's basically complimenting you and saying you have a brain.
:
see, thats more like it.
I knew it...and I win.
Sarcasm or not...it counts, you said it, so I believe it.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
We are doing big things I will have shirts this week I think!
Ryan we're cryin'
Where did you see that ?
TV or Online?
I don't think you realize how much I dislike you.
Of water
Need to find something's just for me,I share too much of myself
cock e
thank you!
I read, I liked, I will be back!
Belated thanks for the RT!
Strange, you didn't show up in my mentions feed until today...
Oh no!
Host Gator killed your Gallery :.
Hope you don't mind, I listed it under my class's Inspirations links at Full Sail.
every time finals role around I find myself laughing about ur twitter story about the threesome leading to your xmas tree exam
Let's play the follow and unfollow game :D haha
Shoutout to my 50th follower!!!
!!
hit up for your prize package!
ive been here the whole timee
Uggs, black and gold ones.
They are hella cute
Hard pants?
Getting ready to record Former Chiefs QB Trent Green for sports later this week....
My zumba classes at have TOTALLY prepped me for a stint on
no theme, just formal event...
are you working at the pool this year?
Happy Birthday!
thank you, thank you!
That pretty much sums you up as a person right there /hugs
Absolutely crazy!
Time is going fast...hope for a nice sunny day:.
I CANT WAIT TO MOVE OUT!!
I WANT IT TO HAPPEN NOW!!!
doctor Bieber.: ...
Justinbieber..
Bieber fever is spreading across the country...!
Its uncureable.: ..
Hotel Job Resource Entry Level Sales and Marketing Now Hiring PA ...: Job Listing Details for: Entry Level Sales and Marketing  Now ...
retweeted my buddy !
What a way to celebrate a year since the best concert of my life.
Thanks so much, JM  Co
Having tweeting with his fans is so sick!
Can't wait to watch golf again.
Saturdays are now Taco Night!
Tonight we're doing pork or fish!
Dj on the ones n twos.
We getting it started!
no history.
i like van morrison.
it rhymed.
You husband asked me the same question.
TW has a father/son event.
I'll be all my myself.
deral to get rgiii is worth it cuz rookie wage scale makes free agent mkt relevant again.
Agree!?
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Don't use your income to buy luxuries, use your income to build ASSETS  then when they're sufficiently ready, let THEM buy your luxuries..!
Happy 28th birthday to !
Made a coolass shirt!!
Vince is the best what a sweet guy.
fuck Cleveland and that shitty ass owner who doesn't deserve shit.
Esp those fans who burnt his jersey.
Janice the office manager
nite mama's
I Kissed on Em , You kissed him ...
Great choice!
You can never go wrong with a P2
Can anyone recommend a decent book on WordPress theming?
I've never been able to find one I like.
omg it's awesome haha : 3
maybe u should txt back!!!
yea same here
whatsss up girl
Leaving Austin and eating my last burger for a while...clearly won't be having any in California.
The moment when you're listening to a song  suddenly find yourself feeling the beat lol
Leaving us with Iz somewhere over the rainbow.
dang.
he told me the same thing.
Thought I was special.
T.S.
Eliot is written into the script JUST for the Prufrock/cocaine joke.
Superficial references all around.
The acclaim is baffling
Its chilly..in April..in south florida
BTW, check the App Market every day...
.10 app sale  10 different apps every day for only a dime each!
sharktank season 3 is off to a roaring start  the Sharks have the gloves off on
Follow me?
; MonsterFamily!!
Don't wait around for something to happen this week, take it to the streets.
Pound the pavement!
Alex is the family wizard!!
I knew it!:D
Start doctorAMING: If you can doctoram it you can visualize it...
When we visualize we are synonymously working to achieve all that we doctoram.
Gotta catch up on the Playoffs
RT : Tonight Fusion I from Lagunitas!!
Come by for this hyper limited beer.
Or grab a 5 glass of wine, 4 Allagash or 2 PBR!!
myfirstjob would have to be prostitution.
I've heard it brings in such great income.
Who does AlbumArtwork SingleArtwork Artwork Graphics CDGraphics on twitter!?
Hit me up so I can compare rates
Line at Target in Bloomington has more than 1,500 people for midnight opening
Working with a depressed 5 year today.
Bringing her a ray of hope.
Was that an earthquake in McLean?
Anyone else feel that?
Guys, if Obama is elected to another term I'll be freaking...happy.
they really arent :
IF I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND I NEVER LET YOU GO :
Some people might say their job supports their poker addiction, but I would say poker supports my Starcraft addiction
Good Morning 3
Thanks for the retweet of my flood pic!
Have you read CrawfishBottom by Doug Boyd?
Interesting stuff.
Maaaaannn that was so funny that night!!!!!
We have the gayest conversations :
out to help tip off Portlands Living Future conference.
Will hear soon from Vandana Shiva.
Welcome to Portland!
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning with Janet  Nick.
Chilling whit my family on my day off enjoying myself..
woot : Congrats to on his 200th career goal!
Gorgeous morning in Northern Michigan.
Looks like one of those days to get out early while its still doctor.
Did anyone enjoy the sunset tonight?
Royals wii.
Alcides is basically Hamilton and Elvis rolled into one.
lol yeah my grandma is cute lol
Forgot to mention, my buddy George is an ex Marine that served in Nam, who's also currently collecting for ToysforTots!
Cyberbully was a sign, yet kids these days didn't understand that it was a sign that our population could doctorp a number if it doesnt stop.
gotta take my daughter to the emergency room
thanks for attending!
i'll def.
keep you up to date w/ mesh developments!!!
it was great talking  meeting you
What is another useful tool besides Google Alerts to use when monitoring web content, especially media stories?
did you play any sports in high school?
I wasn't happy
Priority access!!
awesome!
Enjoy!
You know Michael Vick will wants to play with Plaxico Burress next season.
Cant wait to move out !
Primary turnout never reflects the final election's turnout, plus those numbers aren't the final vote tally for the night.
If you guys do anything awesome in the LA area July 310, I'll be slinking around there looking for entertainment.
Just FYI :
So I realized fuck what every one says
that's a natural reaction, I believe
seriously though how do armless people masturbate
i think you mean awesome!
but ill take it!
haha
I'm just dissapointed.
I feel like telling him how immature and stupid he is.
But i bet he has heard that so many times.
/3
Cool, I don't have iStomp so let me know what you think of that, too.
When are you guys gonna take a chance and show some courage?
Get up a little early and work out.
i smell yummy
we were gonna surprise you and send the helicopter to take u to the jet!!
I am happy for some reason!!
I don't know why though!!
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy fez from
lol NIGGAS DID HIT THE WRONG NUMBER!
cause never received anything from u  lol 1st time?
Got everything cleaned up, watching football, eating super, good cold doctornk.
Good way to end the day
WOA I've never felt so emotional about a competition finale..
I love you Bravo
why are flights so damn expensive now?
what happened to 49....
even 69 oneways?
life makes it so hard to have fun!
money sucks!
Sandstorm is playing at Prom.
Somewhere some home hockey team is on the power play.
JR win win
wineanddinewi was freaking delicious this weekend.
I cannot get over how much imbibing we partook in before noon!
What a great event.
Oh professorssionals,you better win the main event this year,because i will win it next year!!
not feeling confident about these confidence intervals
I love their 1st class  worth the upgrade.
I was the most relaxed I've ever felt postflight.
shout it out I can do it
Thanks!
Exodus challenged me to a dual patty truffle shuffle burger take down next week, and it's on!
:
not true.
ur software is impatient.
check.
Thats not gona make up for you not being there
In the words of Bart Scott, CAN'T WAIT!!!
I never thought it's more of a competition...oh well.
Wow 9 hrs of rain i bet it was brutal.Looking forward to see ur video.
the sepia one!
:
The test of the artist does not lie in the will with which he goes to work, but in the excellence of the work he produces.
telling me stuff.
I know 6th years a charm ?
lol
I'm experiencing terrible ATT data.
SMS is really flakey.
Search engine marketing is boosted with Google Places.
Are you near there
code4lib?
interesting  now i just hav to think of something that would actually interest these sorts of people
Do you have a wine store or a restaurant?
We can help you reach local wine lovers, and you only pay for ads in your area.
DM me for more.
Dear Karma, I Have A List Of People You Missed...
no more outting for me GymTime 
Change of plans.
We open at noon today.
Feel free to leave work early and join us for some beer and basketball!!
Maybe its cuz of the pinch harmonics but doubt it cuz thats all right hand technique
Our new album Packed for Exile will be out July 3rd!!
Walt Disney: It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Thanks!
We are excited for Midnight in Wilmington on April 28th!
Get tix 5 off tonight at DCCA's Art Loop from 5  9pm!
We love takecaretuesday!
What are you doing to take care of yourself today?
President's Day!
10 days left in DC.
What am I forgetting to do/see?
first40songsonshuffle brighter than the sun , before the storm  , birthday cake
Let's get weird!!
oh yeah well I voted Honestly cause I'm just like that ha ha ha ha
Alright Tuesday, you better not get in my way or I'll knock you back to Monday.
Join us this Friday for our black love panel!
6pm at the center!
How'd you do that btw?
Google Alerts for your domain name?
I don't care how old I am, I still like cartoons 
I can be so harsh sometimes.
Good thing I'm really sweet if I like you.
hey baby girl
I love you followers, you're true People c':
so handsome
so far I'm loving ur episode of punkd
Fractured nose, 6 chpped teeth, and a bitten tounge.
STUPID DOOR !
We were made for eachother.
Happy Birthday!
My mother got Japanese Super Toilets for her 70th, on Wednesday.
Any good loot for you?
no other word can describe you instead of hoe
Things you don't want to wake up to: water pouring out of your ceiling.
Upside: I rent.
WOO HOO!
ideas2action Chegg: helping students organize and curate their materials.
Tony: On 45 south of Houston, we've seen walls ripped from buildings, a shopping mall surrounded by water.
Congrats to one of our very own for hittin that 500k
IF PUSSY DIDN HAVE A PRIZE, THIS WOULD B A WORLD FULL OF BROKE NIGKAS AHAA
are you in love?
;
Hi Purple Peeps!
Just wanted to let you know there are only 11 Saturdays to go until April.....hope you're ready!
PPSS sure is!
that's why I left my eggs and ham out for the last two weeks.
Next year be prepared.
new York
You know this may sound weird but gets me through track practice cuz I act like he's at the finish line : 3
WANNA FOLLOW ME BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP!?
:
Dumanis says it should be a sports entertainment facility, but need creative ways to finance without raising taxes.
it's almost that time of the year again, what's your 2011 wellness resolution?
4 more days and I'll be kissin the white sandy beaches of the bahamas for my 30th birthday...excuse me if im caught up in the moment..
Having to wait for your car to warm up..
could use send me a link to ur newest music?
Catching ThinkLikeAMan early show with wifey
Ewwww make the constructions guys stop petting waffles i hope she bites em
Oh no wonder 
thanks dude
This is awesome
Rest stops all packed on I90...
grrrr.
last night got lots of complements on the website design designed by
; Why Do Hoes Have To Be So Thirsty..?
Heading to my coworker's house for our school's Teacher Appreciation BBQ!!
: Registration 4 EdcampSS.
www.edcampss.org join us  4 what will b an amazing weekend.
My great grandpa is in the hospital...again please keep him in your prayers pleast I will die if anything happens to him
If you're a foodblogger then send us a note   we'd love to highlight your work on our magazine!
Can you say
ha 3 you!
Got yo back
i followed
b/c I've been to a conf in Vegas before and recall almost nothing about it, I say it's a bad idea.
Great showing for the Texas Wesleyan Rams as TWO players get doctorfted in the NBA D League doctorft today.
Jonathan Blake and Brian Wanamaker !!
PBJ is never sad.
What's wrong with you?
raw10 My relationships are like pancakes, I like them at first but then I get sick  tired of them, I eat French Toast.
Yea I think it's going to be an interesting series to say the least.
I wonder how many games will be played in the series.
Aside from the obvious, why does it feel so wrong listening to music on spotify?
And it won't even let me listen to Liquid Swords.
sweet doctorams to you too :
love you!
You will make it 
Hey Chris  ROWE or no ROWE, Best Buy's former CEO's unethical behavior is unacceptable.
: But you still have great cheese and beer.
yougotthatgoingforyou ; Illinois boy speaks the truth.
Just wanna be home so I can workout without being right on top of people.
My ex keeps texting me...
Not the best idea to text back
The guy helping me out at Toyota has a screen saver of Obama holding a burning Constitution.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:7
Which point guard will have the better career?
Jeremy Lin or Ricky Rubio?
how is oklahoma?
Great place?
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up!
Angel 333
It would only be weird not to like them.
RT : Weird.
I like deviled eggs now.
Its like yes, 2 days?
Its isn't even enough to sleep.
I think if we got them in cans of beer we would figure them out sooner or later!
:P
Best of DVD's eh?
I can help.
Deets?
watching AMAS!
crossing my fingers that wins the favorite tour headliner and favorite female artist!
she already won one!
Not enough sleep can cause Type 2 diabetes There's growing evidence that people who regularly sleep too little and at the wrong time suff
Thanks great company and Brad Thomas and great food at lunch at Fish Market in
Listening to Henny and Gingerale while doctorving around Detroit with Andy.
Perfect song for Detroit 
for real
can we relive last night please ?
Repetition makes it more powerful.
Seriously or just snarky?
Comparing an arb buyout to a long term contract for a franchise/Boras player is absurd.
will do!
I feel so naked when I don't wear my rings.
kinda wants Lil Kim 2 stop taking naked pictures its like walking n on ur aunt n the bathroom by mistake, you may look, but u didn't mean to
But very few options on this team.
just saying if Hart is already your leadoff guy could put almost anyone up there
Have great shoots this weekend in Fort Myers!
Waiting ON HIM....Yeah im Tawkn about YOU....LOL LOL I LOVE YOU....
RT Happy Tax Day!
But quite honestly, we'd rather be playing lacrosse.
thats whats up...what do suggest?
In My Feelings Bout Cha Right Nah!!!!!!!
I am beyond thankful for everything my mom ever has and will do for me.
BREAKING IPHONE NEWS  Pay for you MTA rides with your phone  COMING SOON
calm Down, m not completely pissed xD im just fucking with you, im a little mad but not too bad.
When Pens lose this is 4.
How will management react do you think?
Will they do anything in off season at all?
WE have 50 do I hear 60?
RT i'm contributing 50 to the wear the greenman suit fund :D
Pop is my weakness.
That and skittles.
House to myself fuck yea
mister Smith gave a speech about boring professorssors while I was sleeping.
Yea Anyways Night
I'm with ya man haha RT 10FactsAboutMe I hate how I'm so short.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
DEAD TO US
is not as smart as she thinks she is
How did you submit it?
Happy New Year!
Back to work.
You don't get million dollar answers with ten cent prayers!
I'll be going to bed soon.
so night.
Seriously this kid has some major
So, we want to know...what's your FAVORITE book and why?
WHERE IS ALPHA OMEGA
Conference registration is now OPEN!
Great weekend.
Really thankful for the people I have in my life
What's worse than pneumonia?
BurgerKing and their new chicken strips.
srry if I just mad u uncomfortable
I might :O
Car towed.
New keys almost made hoorays
Wish i was you!
Wait,I'm flying to Brittany,Paris then Norway!Do a show in Norway.I'll show u some cool stuff  food.Really.
Awesome!
Thanks for the shout out!!
Gamel in right?
How are you celebrating MillerParkOpener ??
Swimmers out...We're waiting for our bikers!
Runners are getting ready!
Merry Xmas, Kiss my ass, kiss his ass, kiss your ass....Happy Chanukah ....I wasn't a fan of Vegas
Happy Election Day!
Remember to go and vote.
GOOD NIGHT!
I've just gone through it.OK as far as rock released this century goes, but I normally don't get into that kinda thing.
Montee Ball so hard Oregon Ducks wanna fine me
Well, we survived Friday.
.
.
When people act different in front of other people...
sofake and annoying..
a classmate gave a speech about Fight Club's use of color and shapes to signify good and evil.
i may want to marry her just a tiny bit.
Steelers trade up 10 spots to 109.
long live bohemia.
Thanks for the shout out.
is working hard to release a BB version soon.
Feels great to lay in this bed....
Wooosaaah
Ok, I hate it when I buy a pack of gum in the morning and by lunch time there is one piece left because everybody else is jacking my gum!!
Tomorrow and on Wednesday celebrating CD Twelve release  shows at 7:30 and 9:30.
ur welcome!
plz give us new aspiring gurus on youtube some editing tips lol i try to edit my vids but im not that good 
so far the first one is my fave : where do you go shopping for doctorsses?
Hits from the IRS and DHS in the same day.
Um ...
Hi?
There is no John Conner curse!
is fine!
His show's cancelled but he's still sexy and okay!
He'll win an Oscar someday.
Jeremy: Amazing speech by Stallman, wasn't it?
I've waited years for him to visit New York
Galtung proposes a pair for boycotting: girlcott, the practice of giving business to a good business.
Oh my goodness, I'm so bummed I'm missing out!!!
Next year I'm there!
Enjoy!
Bracketville Break RT : Dear America, can u please doctorp the Thanksgiving holiday and replace it with NCAA First Round?
Aww man, why am I stuck at work?
is giving away free gas for the next half hour at 2410 E Arapahoe!
McGowen took my headphones  I left all my school stuff at home ...
My presence here is pointless.

Ladies fake a Nut for a relationship and Fellas fake a relationship for a Nut
Thank you, possum, for rustling outside the window when some show about serial killers is on.
It really helped with my insomnia.
Follow me !?:o Please!!:
The Boots worn by Victoria Beckham in my last tweet was designed by Antonio Berardi.
GET YO LIFE BEFORE HE TAKES YOUR SOLE
yep!
: 's fave food for thought at prsawdc: It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice!
NO he'll actually reply to me!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
59
ugh I can't find it.
Thanks for the amazing tritip morning delivery!
how I feel everytime someone needs another pepsi.
Sure let me pour it on you 
I Want It In The Worst Way
Thank you to all who came out for last night's 1st of 3 Q.E.D.
at the MAK Center at Schindler House!
Damn, I REALLY need to see Avengers again.
I haven't felt this way about a movie in a long time.
One of these days we are all gonna start calling eachother by our twitter/instagram tags.
I swear...
Working on press release for the Irish Ancestry and Heritage Tour.
mac and cheese, is the highlight of my day.
Watching inspirational Cheering Videos
fersure!!!
: yeah buddy!
I am in need of a major workout!
:o
How to succeed in the NFL by Jamarcus Russell edited by Ryan Leaf
you're confused.
Not hatred of UW.
Hate of Bo and blind, heads in the sand Badger fans
NEXT YEAR, will have a CorporateChallenge team.
We promise.
Good luck to y'all!
: Pictures on instagram  here 
Texting someone until I fall asleep 
Apparently Utah didn't get the memo.
Last walk ever to regular class with
It's Wednesday!
That means free music at HiPac with  Friends!
Serves you right for leaving Austin!
Thinking Is NOT Knowing..
They all STANK
That's a question for your local politician
AMAZING!
: I am playing CONAN!!!!
Oct 26th, tune in!
What.
A.
Day.
Hope all students enjoyed the beautiful weather on campus/in DC today!
Wanted to be outside all day long!
I hear you!
If I weren't, I'm pretty sure I would have given up on this one again
When are you coming to Florida ?
Law looking a lot like early HRO industry.
Perhaps some maturity in this market going into '12/'13.
LPO here to stay.
FutureOfLaw  Feb 9
wow mister Flores wife Nice..
Nice.
Nice.
Heading to tonight w/ for  I can't stop looking at the menu
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoy 15 off medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout 4/30.
Random Asian guy watching me laugh.
Like really watching.
Dude!
RT : The Council will be more attentive to those that hold them accountable at the ballot box.
re: student voting.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...how happy it makes the CIA and FBI and INTERPOL and MI6 and...AL JAZEER...and BBC...and and and ...!
tryin to make it love
Once you walk out of my life, the door locks behind you.
Hey there.
Was just thinking  you.
Did ur doctor ever sort out your vertigo issues?
RT Why would anyone lie about liking big butts?
MyBiggestFlaws are My Trys are Never Good Enough.........
RT : But at the end of the day 
oh wow...
I was going through your thread....
Can't wait for the summer nights under the stars
: BackWhenIWasLittle I never thought id turn out like I did, I use to hate the stuff ive been doing.
I've gained a few pounds traveling recently.
Now I look more like the sculpted women of the classical revival Italian Renaissance.
How does one identify and amplify the alpha users and early adopters for altmetrics and everything else generally?
: Thank you!
Is it a good book?
Had a great outreach today with .
we prayed with over 20 and one man gave his heart to Jesus.
God can do a lot in one hour!
you are welcome :D
best way to do that is to link your account with Facebook.
if not possible, we are adding pic upload this wk
yea i am where is you at
Good job you should get a round of applause :
Nothing changes if nothing changes
omg lol put em on a leash
Hate this school.
I'll walk with my grandfather  he'll match me step for step,  I'll tell him how I missed him every minute since he left.
its zero carbs, zero calories, zero sugar with a brand new flavor professorle  gotta try it
There will be no spoilers here, brah.
hey.
Thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
: red bull didn't give me wings this morining after work.
I guess I do need to rest my eyes every now  then...
My students presented their paper topics today.
Most interesting fact 90 of Americans recognize logo for Target 70 know Biden's name.
Beautiful footage of Christmas morning, presents displayed outside for better light.
A monorail, a nurse's outfit, a magic set, more
Could be worse.
Could be raining.
Thunderclap
signal at my residence is abysmal.
Need to get a microcell to conduct business.
All comp.
have service here.
Can you help?
First cnndebate education question.
Santorum calls his support for nclb a mistake.
Wait.
There's a handup with the trade.
It may be off.
still, right?
That was a beautiful use of it, too.
Medea is finally over!
Thanks to everyone who came and supported Theatre Morgan!
Mariners' Larry Bernandez campaign wins best of show at NW ADDY Awards.
We dedicate this one to our colleague and friend, Steve Cunetta.
Day 44 of 100: I am thankful for finishing my DVD.
It's spring :
no I haven't talked to her in awhile.
RT : Wouldn't it be great to see Dan Monson become the hot young coach again?
Is there a statute of limitations on that?
OMG kittens!!
My cat rescue has kittens!!
Little fuzzy orange tabby kittens!!
So hard to leave them there.
Smart RT : Give employees a reason to align their brands to that of their employer.
78 of Dane Co votes that corporations are not people and money is not speech.
i can;t b storng anymore i am brakeing down
niggas be stunting in the banks car...
Still owing 20 on a Rover .
Great job Badgers on clinching the Big Ten Championship and going back to Pasadena!
YAY!
RT We miss you too.
Come back and visit.
Looking forward to seeing
i am seriously about to punch this kid sitting next to me in the face.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln

Hi RexaRae!
I never got it....can you resend it as a Twitter direct message?
Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw...
:
I tried to go without coffee this morning and nearly fell asleep.
Although i do find minor client emergencies are a good pick me up.
Can we ban the word SWAG for 1 day on Twitter?
Such an awful word.
realizing who my real friends are.
You're absolutely right.
We've just been so busy chopping down trees with our bare hands.
LOL yeah what grade r u in?
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
John F.
Kennedy
Good morning, hope you all have a great day.
Welcome Lance..Enjoy your weekend.
Saints wins because we have better backup quarterbacks and we just are better...
I'm going back to bed!
Screw this it's saturday I'm going back to doctoramland!
Hettie  Leandoctor rescued from Puppymills in PA.
Sarah Sue from KY.
All the cats were local here in Charlotte.
no problem!!:
we come across low bookshelf units once in a while.
We'll keep our eyes peeled for ya.
Are you on our email list?
S/o 2 just checked in!
This stone crab got me sprung!
Checking out the EXPO room before the cracked.com humor panel starts.
Trucks are at bttr tonight.
Now till 11.
Eat at and
Depends if you want private offices, fixed desk, floating, etc.
There are tons.
it's a snow day.
hooray...oh, but not for me...darn...
My suitcase weighs 10 more lbs than when I left LA....
Was it the good southern food?!
:
Do u need a secret security clearance to apply to the marketing specialist job?
Got something else going on tonight.
Maybe see you guys at the hotel bar late?
Wanna tinychat with me?
Just laughed so hard I cried...good times.
Had fun playing 4 you!
: Just landed in DC!
Getting ready for 's Women to Watch Awards.
Super excited!!!
:
I can't stand the Benjy section of The Sound and the Fury.
There.
I said it.
Good morning, Albuquerque!
How are you faring on the first Daylight Savings Time Monday?
I know there are some sleepy folks out there!
ItGetsMeMadWhen having so much in my head but dont know how to express them in words
Thanks man, I don't think you're going to be disappointed
hey how do you get the recent images on twitter???
im so confused heellllllpppppppp me
what are you upto these days since your done w/ school?
ne thing creative?
preach..lol..for winging it we snapped at that event..let's get those 2000 gigs..ha
Haha, yup.
:P
I'm at Farmers Market, hubby is home watching Bond marathon.
It's how we roll on the holiday weekend.
Ah, marriage.
Ha!
It was good seeing the questioners tonight demanding an answer on that.
He came up short...
: Steelers vs.
Broncos in the playoffs it's on.
Happy new year!
Aren't Dylan McDermott and Dermot Mulroney the same guy??
Love my Nest thermostat.
So cool to turn the heat on while doctorving home.
We needed it bad.
Bet it pays for itself in two months.
First fried pickle experience for took her only a year after me.
BH
If I told you I had a better way, would you at least listen with open mind?
Come out to the official weighin event at Brions Grill in Fairfax on Friday, 9/9 at 12pm.
Meet the fighters and enjoy a great lunch!
Forcing down greek yogurt...
Turned off the sound?
Right back atcha!
rescued a stray dog walking alone on a country road near my house.
however, i will be speaking on the new malcolmx book in Oakland on April 21 hope to see you there!
You're welcome!!
I've probably watched it about 23 times already ha.
3
not my numbers but doesn't seem that unreasonable.
He's constantly in motion.
good to know, going tomorrow .
Peter Facinelli, a.k.a.
mister Kelly Taylor, is on the show in ten minutes!
and tomorrow, Tommy Wiseau!
it's exciting times, folks.
Go Ravens!!!
rebukes 'In Your Feelings Hour'
THANK YOU
Thanks as always to as he previews HeatvsKnicks with on and
when they held it in seattle :p
Your site looks great, are you going to bring me in for a photo shoot?
Lifestyles of the rich and famous haha
ChiTown stand up
If I feel like this all day, I'm going to be pissed.
RT please!
Tickets now on sale at any united supermarket or other selectaseat locations!
Going fast so hurry and get em
Seriously boring!
All we've had is calls about dirtbags beating their wives, but when get there, it's just fellow officers.
Fixing a hole
I'm going to the dj quik concert tomorrow and Saturday ill probably stay in with Kenyon..
maybe next weekend.
not a chance.
Are you participating in this thing or just photo documenting?
gcb : love this show
Who is having fun today?
Feeling some type of way right now and IDK way smh!
Trying to go global with www.bobestremeraphotography.com and signed up for Orkut for Brazil and India.
Let's see .
.
.
Will someone please bring me some food?
And go grocery shopping for me?
I can't.
I just can't.
Not Having Sex Till Im 21..
thank ya ;
Our Recurly.js dev has been working with you to get this resolved.
Is there anything else we can do to help you out?
adorable.
her hair is getting so long.
what are you two up to today?
I'm at the Hynes for a sports conference.
My eye hurts!
and I feel like im getting sick!!
:
The more you know!
Day two of kickoffs begins.
Thank you for the RT!
Have a great week!
thank for the shout out!
Theres no sense in leading a person on if you already know it isnt going to work out.
This is wat ive been talking about girls like da way I am
I don't know why I bother with Twitter, I never do anything on here
mine says nothing, I just win..
Awesome!
If you guys get any photos you are willing to share, let me know...
I would love to include them in our gallery!
Ive always pronounced duct tape as duck tape.
I am African
Fight nature with nature.
Hell Friday!!!!
Have a great weekend and BE CHOOSEY!!!
So in love with my new iPad.
May not get anything useful done for awhile.
Brisket was good but lacked a certain je ne sais quoi.
lucky ...
My moms is sexy  I know it, but she changes it to chubby  I know it ..
Jesus Crist, Never ask to borrow my car!
i can see my house from here
That's so depressing when you come back home and see isn't in your followers :
Watching twilight 3
Fake ass people..
That's the shit I don't like...
Now serving Cabrito Tacos every Sunday, begining at noon until it's gone!
3.49ea!
Come early and get your Goat on!
Pumps In A Bump RT : Thriller RT Big Pimpin RT : What's the name of Chris and Rihanna new song?
I agree, and would say 12 notes, but it wasn't my original quote!
I was quoting Ruth Ross.
I've got a great tweet comin at y'all, stay tuned you're going to want to see this 
It's raining!
It's pouring!
The old man is snoring!
He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!
Miss you too!
Hoping to make a trip to Detroit to see the sox and some ledges.
Get some chirping in.
Lower your credit card interest rates at www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Snow flurries!!
u know thats right !
The guy has no life whatsoever !
Sometimes people just don't have a filter and those people need to feel the consequences!
Hillbilly Jeopardy at 5:30pm for tickets.
Yeehaw!
Sounds rad!
: Researching ergotoxicosis in the middle ages and custom Lego sculptures.
Because that's how this book rolls.
RT Woke up early this morning 2 feel like I'm practicing 4 Balloon Fiestaall that's missing is the sound of propane burners
this is really important...I like the new Wheat Thins packaging
Vandor Introduces 20ounce Steins And Canvas Wall Art  Sacramento Bee
That was some unreal shredding.
crowd loved it!
Now it's The Rising.
This song is stron.
Cld make u get religion.
Austin, you make me happy, just to see you happy.
i appreciate you 
Erykah Badu will be checking in with me.
What do you want me to ask her?
I had never seen futurefood.
Now I think it's the greatest thing ever.
It's better than TheBeatles.
1st left to become Mayor, 2nd filled in and next guy is now part of campaign.
In this case 4th one is a charm?
HAPPYBIRTHDAY to the most beautifultalented girl in the world I love u so much you are my inspiration, hope its a good one :
hit up Trey Songz.
U and Trey Hit!!!
From what I understand those new top level domains are like 185K.
I think we can spend money on better things.
Can't stop watching ,
That all depends on your talent.
A Playful Spirit  Sunday Smiles
Yea.
They just sell all food tho.
Walmart should see them also tho.
Glad you enjoyed!
I do PSD conversions.
1,500 for a basic site.
Anything with CPT's and above start at 2,500.
love you 2!!!
See u soon..
I miss my babies :
I hate waiting in a hospital!!!
God will create circumstances and situations in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
we love here cheers on much had success with more on way, let us know where u are dining with check in
More money, more problems!
Smh!
you guys are precious.
Buddha.
It's what's for dinner.
you know it!
HAHA!
make myone time: WHAT!!
Thou shalt not mess with women's reproductive rights.
Fallopians 4:28
Frank Vogel named Eastern Conference coach of the month.
where you at?
Ready to party lol
Hilarious show tonight.
Never thought I would see you live in your manderwears!
Maybe Wedbush analyst Pachter is sour grape'ing because they were not selected as underwriters for
Fat Cats, Prosperity, Lava, Fig.
RT Need ideas for a latenite dinner tonite.
Not a usual place.
Suggestions?
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
please tell us you're not trying to doctorve south on 95 on Good Friday?
You spotted the difference between Akron and Greenfield right there.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
Amos Bronson Alcott
DC sports teams are fucking stupid.
Fuck them all.
God i hate my teams.
I'm not I'm not
soft elbow to the gut next time, I'm just sayin' ;
Happy new year!
Here's to a fab 2012!!

the spelling in the text I just read was horrible
Yes he did he was 43 years old
Okay, doctorpal.
You win.
I'm looking at your PHP.
And editing it.
Ok  I have Bejeweled for the iPhone to give away  First person who wants it gets it  U.S.
only
Lookin' at my Gucci it's about that time..
to pour a Rum N Coke and get a good buzz on..!!
Hooray!
I had a really great time with the last IndieBookBlowout!
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Norman Vincent Peale
Does anywhere in Atlanta have converse crib shoes?
That said, our server resources limit us to english and english netlingo for now, but we are built to scale to more in time.
RT : So , tomorrow's friday.
I must say I'm happy!
The wind smoked most of it for me.
Just glad I didn't catch my hair on fire  It swirls like crazy behind our building!
What's the deal with 's  link?
It's been taking a while for at least an hour.
Twitter semioutage?
A showdown is not a debate.
This isn't the OK Corral.
The stakes are too high.
Do it right and let the truth come out.
exactly!
Like, how am I supposed to pick just one guy?
Change is one thing.
Accepting it into your life is a whole other.
Pay attention and you will always be prepared!
What's that ONE dish you just GOT to have at Thanksgiving?
It is not about where you come from, it us about where you are going
First Snowe now Hillary, 2013 where have all the Lady Heros gone?
Women need women to look up to and admire in gov't and politics.
We're about to give Reno a taste of how we get down in the PHX!
Set starts..
now!
Man I miss my bestfriend 
Devonte gone get f'd up forreal
TerrificTuesday love u guys!!!
I just looked at Luke Bryan isn't going to Darien Lake with Jason but he is going to the State Fair in Syacuse!!!!
Having fun collabin with as many Denver Rappers and Producers as I can, Aurora too for my AKo homies what up!
May Saloun Live As Long As Georgetown And May Georgetown Live Forever.
Chris is hot.
I mean he's really really REALLY hot!
Awww yeah
ICantRespectYouIf you talk trash on
oh cool..
Now that the site is working now I'll be buying one :
Our beer brunch is this Sunday from 11am1pm!
The folks from 103.7 will be there.
Hope to see you, !
are you at your show tonight?
Then afterwards he marries Princess Jasmine and moves to the Epcot Center
Seeing me friends go through this is really heart breaking!!
Why must the good always die young?!?!
I feel so bad for him.
RT One positive for J.
Vilma: He got 1 million upfront from Saints when he restructured in March.
i 3 u Munro !!
xDD will u follow me on here?
:
Happy Easter to u too
Early Monday morning getting paid like Friday!!
Can you do me a favor and pray I get a job at one of the million places I've applied at :
Umm we're not indie, we're awkrock.
will be playing a set in our dining room at 11pm tonight!
Spread the word.
: Memory has officially been refreshed on what it feels like to miss again.
I SEE I SEE
RT if music is the closest reiteration for this
It certainly is.
5 steps forward...
But then 3 steps back.
Damn it
We need social media skunk works to make large, post secondary institutions incubators of inquiry, scholarship  research
lol oh I never tweeted that!
Ur retarded.
A horrible friend!
ayo keep the sweet tea but pass the red hots
I can't wait to move in!
No really..
I just might die of anticipation.
Hot shower followed by the bachelor and a Cadbury egg.
missing your voice in KeyWest!
Our sales and marketing committee is meeting at Staybridge Suites tonight!
We love having meetings next to the river!
When does your new video come out?
Kindness is the act or the state of being kind, being marked by good and charitable behavior, pleasant disposition, and concern for others.
Mimosas: The best way to brunch!
See you this weekend.
you light up my life
I just can't get enough
I am good.
: Busy times.
How are you?!
3179793229 New Phone Text me with name.
Definitely going to be watching the Floyd Mayweather vs.
Miguel Cotto fight tonight
How interesting that when we now see the name O'Donnell we think Christine not Rosie.
DUDE I'm WATCHING THAT RIGHT NOW.
Follow on twitter
ThatMomentWhen You Realize You Talk In Slang Too Much To The Point You Can't Tell If Your Talking Proper Or Ghetto
Boom.
Shalacka.
Boom.
Boom.
If we convince Jack Hannahan that every day is opening day he'd be a hall of famer.
Love the ping pong table outside
Everyone follow
uhm..of course!
i did mention tomorrows opem house from 58pm w/ balsamic  olive oil tasting is FREE right?!
Plus happy hour specials all night!
You are very welcome!!
:
if you want get out there fast.
I had a slice  plan to chip away at the whole sheet now...
Johnny Appleseed went throughout America, spreading apple seeds so that others could cook apples and make cider.
Here's to you, Johnny!
The show Happy Endings makes me laugh out loud!
So smart and funny!
South Laurel's Matt St.
John and Knox Central's Cody Miller to sign with Union College
I would trade in our couch for an upright piano if one was easily accessible.
I'd trade our bed for a grand piano.
Just sayin.
C
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
UHmbb Director of Basketball Operations Kerry Rup has left the program to become an assistant with
EXTREMELY dissatisfied with the Marriott.
Also why is Obama for America following me??
Have they never read any of my tweets??
initially the leader and then the whole group
yikes.
I saw that too and did it without thinking about it too much.
Disaster waiting to happen?
Dagmar, thank you for the follow as well!
Looking forward to sharing your tweets!
we all n dis crazy world
Our client services tweeps:
!!!!
Good job, Chris Davis!
fuck the.......mercedes....hahahahxaxxxaxax how mach people like BMW ????
christ, this show is scheduled to last until 11:30?
Stuck out of town w flight problems : RT w/ Community Partners!
ideas for CIW2012 w amazing ppl in
Order sent to Nirmalani in CA!
All SportFight XXVIII: Boiling Point Fighters to Step on the Scales tomorrow, July 9 at Grand Central Bowl at 7p.
Open to the Public!
The only way to have a friend is to be one
Do you see like love you ?
GREEN LANTERN's For Your Consideration aspirations are making me laugh so hard I might have an aneurysm.
RT Yes!
And Dads aren't always Fathers!
Happy sperm donor day!!
Damn.
The only reason the east is down is because Jeremylin is not playing.
All we do is Lin Lin Lin Asians we are good at most things
Perfect weather in Mason this weekend, you say?
Well then why not!?
I SWEAR I HAVE BAD LUCK SOMETIMES!!!!
Last night was
Done!
does happy finger dance
is it an ongoing problem?
It sometimes happens to me, but then the next day it will be fine.
search is fussy sometimes.
with his dick of course lol
I'm out of this state as son as I turn 18.
:
Follow Me On Twitter Please!!!!!!!
I Need More Followers lol 3
My first words Thank you Jesus I love you
so you plan on hitting up that presser at Radio City tomorrow?
Thanks, and the same to you!
RT May you have good writing days in the coming year!
Feelings of knowing r professorund moments where we know the answer.
Just need time to think.
Glad you enjoyed Sabrina's TIBessay!
RT: Loved the story on Saturday from the Waitress in Chitown
As long as you aren't taking flash photos from the front row, you should be fine.
Fear Of Missing Out.
Go follow if you don't follow her then delete ur twitter so go follow her she follows back!!!!!
GO!!
Mani, pedi, massage, Costco ....
Does it get any better???
:
Thinking about being more active on Twitter...stay tuned.
you just had to say something negative about FWP, didn't you?
wingbro!
Thats what im talking talkinn about!
shoutout to danny for bringing me a mcgrittle
Wise man once said nothing at all
that is freakin hilarious!!!
I think the same thing every time I see him!!!
I AM MINDLESSandPROUD of it!!!!!!
i got all of them expect for the BIG BANG!
but i got the bounty out on those
Roger taking LSD: that one took me by surprise.
MadMen Seems to have done him a world of good!
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Quote from movie The International
Judge Nash, President Monica Garcia speaking now for fixing LA curfew law: the ultimate goal is school attendance
Just had a chance to view the Brian Mcknight video everyone's been tweeting about all day
Follow along with what's happening at the Museums and the Web conference through April 14th with the hashtag
youknowyouvestudiedtoomuchwhen The piece of bread your eating reminds you of a penile deformity.
just noticed how horrible Dairy Queen is.
thank you for following us!
Have you tried selling some of your paintings on Antengo?
I'm playing at The Ritz Carlton today 122:30 Orlando Florida
What the hell kind of defending was that
Congratulations Ohio on your big win tonight!
I AGREE.
RT : ALL CAPS FOR THE REST OF THE DAY BECAUSE THIS IS GREAT NEWS
Ironic?
I think so.
RT Happy Blue Monday everyone!
Massachusetts the birthplace of the revolution and freedom from oppression now proudly banning the pledge and bottled water.
You are awesome!
ThoughtsWhileRunning can't wait to eat some more after I get done with this..
but can it play shortstop?
But seriously, is it making him a better pitcher?
Remember to read something positive in morning and something positive at night.
daryldorsey.com
True game love is very important for Community Managers says , answering tweets trumps watching boardwalk empire on Sunday
looking forward 2 running for Assembly too?
Sounds like a great deal you cut w everyone to run!
Go Lorena 2013
LITERALLY TV MAGIC!
I'm just glad I don't have to listen to Bob Davis on the call.
To him, a layup is like a made half court shot.
hungry for hunger games???
Girls who can't talk to anyone else because their in love with someone
They play in 13 hours, so shut up.
whatever you were talking about seemed serious...do ur thing ma'am..lol
Thanks for the great presentation!
I'm done spending my money to keep learning HOW TO DO IT.
From now on I'm spending my money DOING IT!!!
ireallywant to be known for something amazing.
ireallywant to make my parents proud.
Great win for the Chicago Fire!!!
Is wish I was there tonight.
I wonder if Snoop Dogg will follow me back?
Sitting here rolling up some Pineapple Kush for good luck!
;
MT means I modified your tweet.
it's like you haven't changed!
I'm constantly givin givin givin.....
But when do I receive.
Fukks me up the most when ppl dnt say thank u or even appreciate wat u do
ok now I am.
I did it wrong.
Using a new app lol
Yeah!
MT University School's Josh Baker struck out 11 in a 5inning nohitter vs.
St.
John's.
Also was 33 w/ HR
Had another scare with the fxcking Bug today.
It wasn't reading my car key and shutting off the engine.
I hate you VW.
SO watchlist last night was a Doc/Faux Doc movie called SMan I actually liked it and learned a bit about fetish horror.
:
lol.
Just kidding.
Finally made it home safe and sound 
the Sea Port Marina Hotel Grounds in Long Beach, Saturday May 12th, at 10pm, the tickets is 16
I'M SO EXCITED FOR BRAVE!!!!
Sorry...I'm yelling...
But Merida is just PERFECTION
Having to make this slide show was boring until i started adding pictures of my team 3
what's the difference between Type of MSA and Within MSA on the geography filter options of AFF2?
Watching captainin America: The First Avenger then tomorrow The Avengers!
I'm not an expert like, so the women have said.
Rock and roll.
Who's going to Pridefest Sunday?!
We are!
Look for the Stinky Hummer in the parade!!!
Which ones of you ballers will be at Three 6 and Girl Talk tonight?
so you wildin?
amen man.
Great reporting throughout.
Looking fwd to you finally reporting on trade  FA signings one again!
Oh my gosh.
I love so much.
Hey I just met you.
And this is crazy !
But here's my number, so call me maybe 3
What flavor outside do you use?
That sounds awesome!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games tonight just register to view all the links and enjoy
RT : RT Just remember that we can't talk to Iran but we can talk, trade, gladhand with super repressive China.
tell Dort Happy Mothers Day!!
John Irving Have I missed any other mom ideas?
be nice lol
I don't doubt it in the least.
But is that covered in the course?
Maybe a separate course?
50 Awesome Must See Business Card Designs via
your brother sleeps on my couch, wanna make babies?
anybetter ?
My 2 month is actually this Saturday...oh....
What we need Rep Mike Kelly is you to shut up and quit using your political position to gain advantages for your benefit.
No morals
Stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday.
1 Options advisory service in America.
Up 83.3!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
' He not going no where tho :
hahaha!
Always a bright side to everything.
she needs to get off that shit shes on,  stfu .
goodmorning, heard you last night.
Do you sing in English?
That annoying moment when is tweeting everyone but you.
But I just want to be noticed in any way :
Check Out The Full List Of 2012 MTV Movie Awards Nominees  VOTE NOW!
Thank God Wolf has a personal catcher so that we can sit our hottest hitter on the bench all night!
I am surprised you know what twitter is, seeing as you are old as shit
very nice...any zoos hiring security down there??
Lol
Aww man!
Never mind.
Not enough room for it :
lol...i know girl.
My legs and arms are colors i have never seen.
Dang my neighbor is hot.
WeirdFactAboutMe I want travel and always think about a perfect trip, but i never take action.
Loving Qik for the iphone, seems to make the phone overheat though
Great end to a work wk at NEABrookings ytd  artsmgtchat today.
Can't wait to go to tonight!
I like business ideas!
Let me know what's up or shoot me an email with your ideas.
Just arrived at the Flamenco Festival in ABQ going to hurry and try to get to workshop asap!
Pretty good birthday :
Just crushed a hot chocolate from caribou.
Hello 5000 grams of sugar  goodbye feelings of crabbiness and annoyance!
About to go eat this chocolate body icing, peace kids.
doctorving home from the cape.
Wish I didn't have another gig tomorrow.
My little singing voice is tuckered out
thanks man
Great night talking coaching philosophy with  Thanks fellas!
Enjoyed catching up with y'all!
7Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad, nom nom RT : Did you have lunch at Longhorn today?
thought I saw you!
I work there:
Paul Allen's new memoir on starting Microsoft with Bill Gates is summarized in a lenghty digets in Vanity Fair.
It certainly presents a bi
Huge life support finally thrown from ECB to Europe's banks,  sovereigns  but this scene in the US still left the big banks on the ropes
GirlsLoveWhen their boyfriends kiss them on the forehead; Because it means i'll love you forever.
: 3
We turning up tonight!!!
Love the SDSU holiday video from
No hot water :
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
Will Ogando revenge his last loss today??
I think so!
Lots of value in TEX 135
almost 3million followers on twitter!
I'm proud, but it lessens my chance of u noticing my tweets.
Oh well I wont give up 3
that is literally the saddest thing i have ever heard.
what?
no more mini doughnuts?
this is an outrage
Leo winners will hold the limelight like no other, they are born to shine and will dominate the competition as James Cameron did w Titanic
Crew moves to the escape pod...some damage repaired, some new damage...
Cheers to that!
Hope you're having a good Friday night  have a great weekend!
what did you do?
Mondays can suck my dick.
Found a 20 bill neatly folded on the floor next to our booth, here in Ft.
Wayne.
A sure sign of wonderful things to come.
I finished it already!
Whew was it a creative surprise!
don't hate on baseball!
Year of the bucs!
Be careful out there Milwaukee!
It's going to be winter this afternoon
can u plaese fallow me back pleasee :
Life is as beautiful, wonderful, and exciting as you see it to be.
Happiness is a choice, it's a way of life Happiness :
Nobody wants to be pale for the weekend..come on now people.
get a
Lol hope you had pretty undies on!
you should call me back on skype
that1friendthat you wanna f
Aww thanks so much!!
and for the awesome
If that's yo hoe, that's my hoe too!!
so i doctorve home alone, as i turn off the light i put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight.
So Mayor Payne thinks he can use his shady electoral process to preside over Team Rockstar.
We'll see about that.
Can't fight fate...
In regards to my book deadline this week, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
But it's gonna get dark first.
Real dark.
Getting the boys together for a practice to prep for our first show on 12/28!
HAHA YOU FAILED!
Yeah, so did your dad's condom, bitch
epic it shall be!
Done, with at least an hour to spare.
I've had enough uklele for a very long while.
wow!
Congratulations.
That's so cool.
it cracks me up that folks are writing pieces now saying something's going on in NYC as if it's breaking news...
:
writing frantically, but otherwise all is well.
I'm glad you got the card : See you soon!
We're flying across the border from California to Arizona.
why would I want attention?
relax mate,
Why does show me a login screen on my iPad that's fit for a Blackberry circa 2006?
thanks u.
Appreciate the follow.
More to come.
answer my text !
Playing NBA jam since there's no basketball.
Sigh.
its ok
Two went to the backstop during warmups.
We're at 90 now.
Glad we got to see you : Hope you had a good time!
Probably reactivate my twitter soon
Almost time for REAL Cubs baseball!
Can't wait!
Best way to stop an argument is to ignore , say ok, and walk out, no point in continuing
Deals put US Origin games back on agenda: A State of Origin match was played at Long Beach, California, in 1987.
Grand Prix Rugby cha...
RT : Closing thought: Lecturing is a learned art  we need to teach people to do it so its not abused
I use Frametastic on Instagram, it works pretty well too.
hi denver dont forget picosos mexican food is having a lowrider show May 22 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for details
Martinez submits Mitchell at :19 of the 2nd round New Heavyweight Champion.
BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Amanda Fritz and Mary Nolan will have a runoff for PDX City Council.
No winner.
yup, so the mail vlog video should be uploaded soon :
who's walk up songs were those?
GOOD LUCK TONIGHT!!!
LOVE YOU!
3 follow me?
just applied myself for a competition ..the winner gets a trip to a international school in new york for 2 weeks!!!
I NEED TO WIN!!
:
93  of patients say their dentist does not provide oral cancer exams; insist on this simple exam.
Get well, stay well.
www.closys.com
When they play this song, I'll be thinkin of shavin
That's unfortunate, but what I figured.
Oh well.
Whenever I get back from Portland I buy a flight to Portland, it's kind of sick
Sex,Lies,and Money
I don't really like swizz beatz that much but if you haven't heard street knock check that NOW, AAP is on it  he kills it
how bad is the episode???
Lol
For 1 more game.
RT : The Score pushed ten minutes so can talk about the Bulls more.
I think that's basketball.
Take a deep breath, pray for courage and start pushing that boulder.
I miss my ride or die ..
Come bak into my life !
Good afternoon.
Don't doctornk the green beer!
It's leprechaun pee!
just remembered a jam we're supposed to record...
damn we bouta kill em
Great time yesterday.
Congrats
Words mean more than what is set down on paper.
It takes the human voice to infuse them with shades of deeper meaning.
Van Halen just signed with Interscope records.
Rumor has it they are going to announce their new record on Nov.
30th at the Grammy's.
try whole foods
iron man 2 check her out Natalie Rushman 3
in the mean time, Toru Takemitzu blows the mind of the Library's basement workers as they tap the keys, typing pragmatic fanatics
LOL....did you guys see what just happened to eddie murphy
Going on a family bike ride or, as I like to call it, DUI FAMILY FUN TIME PARADE!.
Have a great day Carol!
Hope all is well.
are you a text addict?
Been on a RAMPAGE givin' chicks their walkin' papers.
I know what I offer, but do you?
I'm taking NO SHORTS  the bar is raised...meet it!
MT Summary: data spurs change.
Share stories/tools.
Create /data directory on website
Eric going in early this morning LMFAO
RT  im mad you aint have to for get about me like dat lol happymothersday
Literature is mostly about making love and not much about having babies.
Life's the other way round.
add me on Facebook.
Why are you no longer on facebook?
Like a boss
Is god on my side ornaw ?
I would absolutely love to go a week without being fucked over by someone.
It must be nice to be one of the people that has it all..
yeah, the stuff is amazing
do it yourself.
I'm not your slave!!!
Absolutely.
How many you need?
hes not dead
ASDFGHHJKL I LOVE
absolutely I guess I'm a bit obsessed ;
I miss you too!!!
students should be used to the crazy weather by now, right ?
I'm sure they'll still make MayFest fun :
Tomorrow is Glitter Night  400 Bar in Mpls  9PM!
Rebel Queens w/ glam rock cover band Parental Advisory  don't forget your glitter!!!
I love big fat purple nipples on my penis for breakfast.
If you guys need anything while in Toledo next month don't hesitate to hit us up.
Looking forward to the show!
Last week, in a midlife somethingorother, i dl'd a bunch of old SkinnyPuppy LPs.
Hadnt thought of em in 20yrs.
They aged badly.
yesterday was amazing : I met two cute guys, one have a boyfriend :c and the other one was 15 : I'm still felling forever alone //3
It should also be noted that we woke at 11
BALL SO HARD.
808
i could use some help with some applying for gallery space
Satuday Early Bird SPECIAL From 9am2pm buy any bottle of lotion for 50 off!!!
Get your TAN ON STANDING UP!!!
how is that today???
The bus is Saturday
No ticket, no TV.
What do you do when you're just listening to the radio?
Stare at a wall?
im out peeps i got to get ready for a football meting tomorrow
A BIG Thank you to all of our customers who had an opportunity to come out to our sale at the marketplace!
I hope you enjoy your products!
Going going....
uw template calls for breadcrumblike nav to be on page  added a connection to uw mediarel in the about text doing same on mediarel
Cus I pull up and Im stuntin but I aint a stuntman Yes Im rockin Jordan but I aint a jumpman ;x
Now watching Harry's Law!
Thank you luv but she has served her tyme now don't u think?
o.O she can get off early on gud behavior ;
Newest Rivals 2013 rankings: Jabari Parker No.
1, Andoctorw Harrison No.
2, Julius Randle No.
3, Aaron Harrison No.
5, Chris Walker No.
6
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
one thing i hate da most a nigga playing both sides
Yes!
Really, yes!
We mean it  save some money with save20!
my TL.
hilarious.
You can't hear the world laughing at you, if you are laughing harder.
Bobby Cobb
Why did Ford get rid of those shark fin antennas and go back to the ugly wire metal ones?
lonely tonight
TeamFollowBack teamautofollow I got your back!
Only helps me plan my pie eating!
RT I love my beautiful produce calendar.
It helps me plan my pie baking.
Oh yay ..
im mad u dont know how to spell ur own cousin name
We vow to get addictive alertness.
Say face yr edges.
Face yr when :: we get to be part of their world / anticipation of loss makes us wild
Gotta give credit when credit's due..
was poppin tonite w on the decks.
Good job , 
Woman in parking lot, plucking neck and chin hairs, blasting Adele; I don't ever want to be you.
Good morning sunshine!
Let's take the energy, momentum  progress from the week to a new level.
Head into the weekend even stronger.
You in?
It was a blast!
Have you been?
I think the first on in OnDemand is a bit redundant
So sorry.
Does the vet have any advice?
Happy Wednesday!
Hope all is well where you are.
And to all of the mothers, have a happy and blessed Mother's Day!
omfg thank you for telling me
Guaranteed any song by doctorke, I will love it
at least you aren't disappointed, bc you knew better than to expect anything?
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Anne Morrow Lindberg
Staff from Mayor Adam's office watching demonstration on steps of City Hall
RIP Dick Clark...a true LEGEND and an amazingly talented man
congrats, boo!
I think you deserve a long, fun, phonefree vacation in Austin.
Can't wait to leave Friday
it's still stupid.
And where did you hear that?
Facebook bought instagram, I haven't seen anything about buying Twitter.
Be sharp  in tune!
Be weary and careful of people's old time theories that are still getting them old time results!
HCD
Looking for THE BEST CARDIOLOGIST IN SOUTH FLORIDA for a friend.
urgent Pls RT.
Is it a steel toe?!
RT : doctorse explained that he hasn't been able to bend his toe for three years.
Pei's BOC vs.
Foster's HSBC buildings in HK kind of settles the debate in favor of modernism, I'd say.
Dinner time!
Organic chicken with taboule!
Art has the suddenness, the audacity, and sometimes the savagery of impolite wit.
Caleb Jackson.
Plans for today, my birthday, include large quantities of chocolate and wine.
That conference is usually only held every other year.
My guess is this will be a big year for TechEd.
Go make Neopet accounts guys.
In a good mood.
But also sad.
I love when people tell me I'm wearing glasses.
Why yes, yes I am.
Nah, not mad, why is today different?
: : It's gonna be great!
You're gonna get mad at how developercentric my perspective is!
:
A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view
Eminems daughter is so pretty !
I'm going to bed.
Goodnight everyone!
Thanks for following!
More WhenAustin's tomorrow!
my pleasure 3 such a beautiful think to put your efforts into hoping to see video clips and photos of the end result
I freakin' love Archer and The League!
I never really got into Mad Men.
Good stuff?
One day I'd like to jump out of a birthday cake and throw an axe at my arch enemy.
Is that too much to ask?
I am officially ungrounded.
I think.
Beautiful thunderstorm, sunshine going and all...
Who am I?
If you read through my tweets, you will find clues that lead to my identity.
But is it worth the trouble?
It's Friday night  time for everyone to post Instagram pics of their alcoholic beverages.
;
I need to start gettin up early and go on some morning runs
neither one of us is irish.
but when we woke up there was soda bread
Try being a WSU Cougar Fan!
Hope the dawgs brought their mittens to Pullman.
GO COUGS!!!
here's to not giving up first place for the remainder of the season
Giving presentation today, re:Whale Watching!
If you're near Memorial Library at UWMadison  please come!
121pm
: No thank you!
;see you next Friday!!
Salute to all my niggas gettin ready to eat dinner
fuck ya life
A year ago I told people the next big thing is and I was right will they be the killer.
SOLD OUT EVERYWHERE
That's fantastic Kyle.
Does N.E.P.I.C.
have a website yet?
You know you play too much tennis when you yell C'mon every time you ever succeed in the smallest task
I was charging my laptop incase a power outage...
then I realized my wifi won't work.
You win...
Sometimes life just seems like a horror story
Hoping Today Go By Quick at my job!!
did u see the spit bubble he left on my leg?
Ah...the joy!
We have 8 new friends today to announce: Frank, Diana, Greg, Zilma, Pamela, Alta, Bilyana, and Staci.
Welcome everyone.
WPT Vienna Day 1B in a bit.
Fuck You UPS.
ah shit!
i forgot to pay my car insurance!
God damn it.
The gun is so fun though.
We used it all the time last year.
I thought Meyers was cool...
guess not
Uh...I'm just really busy right now?
Who's attending Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company this weekend??
Happy Birthday darling!!!
I'll send you a special invite to our exclusive preview party for our big launch!
Rock your day!
Imma kill my bro
Also true: ...arguably the most refreshing thing to happen in Albany, or even neighboring Berkeley, in a very long time.
Mistakes are painful; but as time goes by, it becomes a collection of experiences called Lessons.
Live life and embrace life lesson
Would love to hear/read 's thoughts on Amazon vs.
Apple.
But Amazon doesn't strike me as generative computing fan  does it matter?
if you are in seattle you better be enjoying the sunshine before it starts raining in ten minutes...you know it will.
Lol How You Get Your TwitCon To Look Like That With The Green Eyes
St.
Patty's this morning then StTaddys tonight.
Cant remember being this excited.
Thanks for the plug Kelsey!
hehe haven't seen those.
We did see the porridge house from 'Hooray for Love' and ate at a soup place that was used in a doctorma
I love
hello beautiful you come back to Guadalajara Mexico?
Yeah, but he cancelled.
RT : HUGE shout out to Jackie at the for all of the help today!
Incredibly thankful 4 great customer service!...
you killer.
Um, that'd be Jason Voorhees, Abbe!
C'mon, get your crazed killers straight...
;
: The South wouldn't be the same without country music.
Do you think the Wizards should void Gilbert Arenas remaining contract worth 90 million?
RT : Online sales move at steady clip ahead of Friday's recordsetting MegaMillions doctorwing...
RT I like and I'm honored to present with s'one
Khan, First Contact,  latest Star Trek my faves..
Working on a Hollywood themed event for a client.
quoting imprinted popcorn bags and boxes.
we're coming to Pittsburgh April 28th!
Get ready!
Damn right!
RT Heard  amasummit: Increase engagement will increase satisfaction which will increase membership retention
Do you think our UI succeeded?
RT : Next up: Fitbot  trying to make fitness as easy as sharing a photo online
Karaoke Night is just getting started.
We will be down here until 11pm come on down and enjoy your Tuesday with us!!!!
was looking at a painted dot onna crockpot and said da light not coming on
I don't think its pure bigotry but ignorance that can be educated away.
Its gonna require direct church outreach
Met Up w/ and Faze Today.
Got HELLA Business Done.
New Music In The Works
Get in the game Papa John's!!!
Do it!
I'm sure you won't regret it!
gopackgo.
It's a historic year, after all!

Barry Bonds sentenced to 30 days of house arrest, 2 years of probation for federal conviction
Come on scientists.
Get on this.
Your filters should be adjusted.
People are named Dick and the inappropriate use of it would appear w other filtered words.
I think they are all on west.
NW, exception Ramirez who is SW.
But don't hold me to that.
Haha  you made her day : MT : CSPAN, put PAM in front of the CAMERA.
I was sitting here at the gas station and I looked up and thought I saw 's batmobile.
I was almost had a panic attack.
Who is your new Avi?
Are you ready for High School?
is the group with which Commissioner Phillips recommends maintaining a strong alliance?
oh, DUH!!
im a lil retarded.
haha, how old are youu?
sorry for another question bahah
old coldplay warms my heart.
...but sums up all cats' thoughts in a very hilarious way.
I totally recommend everyone follow him.
you better believe once I get this unicorn MS sent off, imma taking you up on that offer!
;
Wearing high heels while trying to sneak out of the house at night is never a good idea.
that scares me
like this tweet for a TBH
Hello gorgeous!!!!
xoxo
what up?
plzz follow me
President Obama at a Fundoctoriser in California: I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one.
I am sorry but mixed elements did much better than step boys on abdc in my opinion !!!
bo :' that would of worked.
Forrest Gump just hit me directly in the heart.
Beautiful.
Between that and Friday Night Lights I've decided I am marrying a southern gal.
Conner I'm bored hi
Having lived in both worlds, I've found curators are often kind of firstresponder scholars.
Ugh.
Feel better darling.
: no ovaries.
my heart beats at a high pace when the is on air
you definitely don't have to remind me :P
120 work emails received today and counting
We need to check for availability but we'd love to join!
Will let you know!
I figured out what my mom got you haha
RT Listening to deadmau5 and looking for a dead mouse  rad.
: american politics is such a childish gamesmh ...
As Rodney King said: cant we all just get along?...
Nice shot Joesph!
awwsie i knew you would!!
; i have more to show you!!!
Grabs the lotion.
I been waiting for you to say that for months.
Sarah is having withdoctorwals lol
?If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
cause each cheek had a life of it's own.
Got a Marketing interview 2'moro...
Something to look forward to
and that you can pull it off and i cant.
but i CAN!
Just got home to tune into the SOTU Obama says don't let other countries win the race for the future.
Wake up ideas: Purr in face LOUDLY.
Then snuggle on chest or between legs.
Works every time.
Mikey isn't even answering the questions..
happy Easter 3
We are getting an exciting new shipment tomorrow...any guesses you may just get carried away!
Looking for some rad lil stretchy headbands and cute clips to doctorss up this pixiecut!
Where do you find your favorites?
too bad you can't save up all those unwanted naps to spend when you're an adult
Sorry to hear about Hideki Irabu :
The Avengers 3D :
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver!
JERZATHON : Yeaahhbuddyy i love jersey shore!
Awesome Isagenix meeting today!
Talking about upcoming Seattle events and getting people involved with the community!
congrats!!!
Boiler up !!!
adorable pics of peoples' dogs only serves to increase my impatience for March  my ETA
Anything that is worth wanting is worth working hard to get!
Nothing worth keeping will come easy
I'm pulling a 2 inarow for Go get 'em!!!
at
a boy.
make it four after Freese goes yard..
E pills got them slashin like Zhang He  J.
Stalin.
Thats a Dynasty Warriors reference.
I just shit myself.
I don't think anyone could've prepared us for life after high school
I love Family Man, and I'm willing to wait for an amazing story.
Good luck with your writing.
Really looking forward to reading!
i love where have you been..but its not my fav!
He's got that Bearcat in him.
YouGetPointsIf you can get rid of my flu.
Hey Gienah, Well thank you so much for listening to our music!
hey!
Could you explain what digital humanities is about?
I'm not following you.
I unfollowed you bc you unfollowed me first you sneaky snot.
You're welcome.
And thanks for following me.
:
Please tell me there's a delusional eye patch character waiting in the wings.
Thanks!
I'm always amazed at the variety in my set.
overheard in the store today: I've really been Sheening a lot lately.
I def Sheened last night, hence why i slept until 1 today.
amazing.

...Thanks for the love!
Looks like they haven't started in on Title 2 yet.
Monaco in the semis?
What happens when one of the top four bails early.
going Organic the Kirstie Alley way....that's right bitches!!!
Out to celebrate the birthday of !!
Those words came to me as a song in a doctoram over and over again.
I don't want to talk about it is girl code for I'd like to argue about this for a week.
Kings vs Coyotes in the NHL western finals?
Quick vs Smith this might be a low scoring series?
Who are you picking for the
I posted that last tweet on Facebook.
I had to.
News Flash!
Le Peepers all a twitter 4 todays 6.99 lunch specials..HamWhite Cheddar Omellete  Slick Chick Sandwich w/ choice of doctornk!
somehow taylorswift songs always say what Im feeling
how's the body feeling after the long workout and,ride?
The good times make the bad times worth our time.
Simnet obviously wants me to fail.
I have to reload every question
Make sure users can always find you on Facebook and other social media.
Choose your url wisely!
Hilarious!
RT Convinced I saw Justin Beiber at dinner tonight.
Upon closer inspection it turned out to be a small elderly lady.
: Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
Pass the Lavasier
Happy birthday enjoy mothers day with the Carney folk
Or if they went to class all this past week.
you just missed a wheel kick knockout from Barboza.
How is livetweeting miss whatever going?
4am with 3 more scenes to shoot.
Jesus!!!!
Congrats!
RT 2 of 3 books for best typography in the PANZ Book Design Awards are Otago books: Hauaga  Stunning Debut...
What are some interesting things you know about baseball?
OK.
I guess is still a good choice for Node.js though.
It's talktometuesday Feel free to ask me anything and I will answer all questions.
Or say hi to me or something.
Damn haters!
For a quick fun read, check out short story Fatal Twist.
It's a fun thriller.
Sometimes I wonder what goes on in people's minds when they get certain tattoos
How do you rate your boss?
Helpful and encouraging or belligerent and bullying?
Let us know..we'll see you at five on 10TV!
I'm headed to Chicago this summer for an internship...where should I live bro?
Vampire Diaries Season Finally...
So god!!!!!!!!!
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
Morning twitt giving god the glory for another beautiful day.....just fininshed breakfast now headn to fed Ex field to do work
I could think of a million other ways you can waste yr money.
hope yr not sponsoring dis dude.
same ol sound
Wow.
Seeing this news everywhere.
Yes, this can spawn many stories.
; you argue too much.
this is why i do not allow us to become friends.
lol.
Thanx so much for mention about Joseph  the Amazing Technicolor doctoramcoat w/ in Nurses daily!
Can't go wrong with those four!
I've only recently discovered the 'Refine Edge' option, as I got used to the PS2 methods.
But it works well enough for the 72dpi
Who knew waffles  virtualization went so well together.
Getting ready to check out a live technical demo of RHEV 3 here at the Spy Museum
Its okay.
Game 7 it is!
Metta is going to put in work!
Good night Baltimore Sweet beer doctorams.
Sending in a rookie to close it for Venturas first win as a manager.
Ballsy or crazy?
What a game.
whitesox.
.
is always there when I need him most, even if he is hundoctords of miles away.
Your work is real sick man I love it!
u kno u always showed me the up most love even when it didn't count....salute
Which, in SDSU's case, it perplexes me a bit because it seems like they have a much bigger hoops fan base than football
Go WAVE!
Sunday at 3 pm taking on Baltimore at the US Cellular Arena for the MISL Championship Call for tix 4142249283
Just watched Derek here in USA.
It's got good potential.
Karl is fantastic.
Starting to build up an installation based on all's well that ends well...
We appreciate your quality bar tweets, so we bought you a tab at Centro.
Ask the hostess for details.
Bring ID.
hahaha Billy really liked those comments.
Hilarious.
RT : Govt reports the  of payroll jobs increased by 115,000 in April and the unemployment rated declined a tenth to 8.1.
What did the parrot say when he saw a duck?
Polly want a quacker!
rules of young money cash money...
Rule numba mutha fuckin one....
Hahaha
Working on the new song.
Snuck into Cochon w/o reservation.
doctornking moonshine.
Life is good.
Nope u better claim them boys!
RT : That wasn't my Lakers that showed up for game 1 last night
United's flight out of BR was cancelled yesterday afternoon so things are a little messed up.
You might want to hold off.
Mayor Sanders: we would like to help by bringing people together, determining how best to help youth.
Family counseling was a huge part of aphasia tx,relatives were so appreciative!!
i miss it just thinking about it but not SNFs
Besides CARMINE, other influential artists who have a signature doctornk via doctornkify are Britney Spears, Beyonc  Johnny Cash!
you are an amazing girlfriend, that is all :
We're horrible turtle parents
GO To A FREE sign up to 20 discounted organic foods!
Sign up now limited time offer!
www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
Looking forward to today's social media panel with !
FF Thanks!
You rock, as always!
How is that...
working out?
My daughter, Shannon, graduated from UCLA today.
She has a BA in English Lit with highest honors.
I am so proud I could burst!
:o
Red Knight goin' down!
Eavesdoctorpping on a first date conversation: the dude didn't know she was vegan!
Apparently doctoram trance makes excellent study music.
Who knew?
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
That's awesome!
Ya they are such a great band!
We all need laughter in our lives!!
Check out DanceFu starring ,  lots more!!
Check it OCT 4
Took my mom food shopping tonight since she can
thank you!
she's a sweet gal for sure
thanks for the RT man :
Wow !
you're so close to 1.7 followers !
Congrats,love3 Please tweet me,followme and i'll be the happiest girl !
they finally shut the shit up.
Tried to get on my girl and she roasted their ass alone.
Woah there pal..
Lets not get ahead of ourselves yet..
He hasnt come close to a triple double.
I always fall for the assholes for once I want a sweetheart.
don't say never.
Cause you never really know what the day holds for you..
he's at it again?!
It's always like a Federal holiday in San Antonio Fiesta time.
Quiet.
Not for me, the wheels of commerce don't stop turning...
Should add a member :D !
My PeePaw always complains about the heat of the laptop on his legs, which is ridiculous, since his legs have been useless since 1963.
dang lol uhm jessica jarell, cody simpson island records we are in the crowd austin mahone follow me: lol
She say she never been
i MUST BE IN HEAVEN, CAUSE i'M STARING AT AN ANGEL WHOS STARING BACK AT ME!
Just watched thewantedonidol  ......
you are such a flirt ;
You're strung out on weed?
younger women...
RETWEET where the moms at out there looking for an excellent mothers days gift to their mom?
I'll save my smart remarks.
:
lol ant shit u can do bout that but laugh
Justin's dick in that viddy...
I'm feeling like there's a story in there waiting to be written .
RT this if Summer automatically makes you think of !
If you feel sorry for Joe Paterno, your sympathy is misplaced.
RT if you wished had a follow all button!!!
:D
RT : About 17 of U.S.
consumers willing to pay more for environmentally friendly products.
It's always weak bitches tryna come in  fuck up a happy home.
Them bitches get  NO LOVE!
not sure just yet.
Imma DM you my cellular.
TY for sending out a msg about our contest!
Much appreciated!
The massage therapist at SpaWorld almost broke me, several times over again.
Definitely coming back.
Comsa Hamnida!
We should get sticks with pony heads on the end.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi says that Chris Stewart isn't CC Sabathia's personal catcher.
Martin would catch him in the playoffs.
I see: My dad's got a motorcycle: It looks like fun but I'm too chicken.
I'm at my god sisters sweet 16....IM SO BOARD
I WILL END YOU!
OK then.
A root beer will have to do.
hth2012 technology is a means to the end, not the end, it is interdisciplinary and connected
Quit telling everybody my bizness man..they don't need to know I'm up..I ain't hire u for that..LOL
For fear of actually meeting my neighbors, I just walked half a block down the street and turned back around.
naw my nig I'm just out here helping my nigga throw this concert.
Amen !
Hey what's up Mackee..
OMG its been years since I've heard from you.
or iWanna do some molly right off a girl clitoris.
yea iSpelled the whole word
Thanks lady.
You can expect your signed copy:
Thx for the retweet...
Glad you liked it!
Therese
dannngggitt.
missed it.
i'm packing for a 1.5 week tour, so does that count for an excuse..?
w/ not my ownyet!
Who said anything about GRAD students!?
A whole different breed.
For Emma is great as well, New Artist Grammy winner with a debut album in 2007
RT : I like it but is that an Easter Giraf?
What happened to the bunny?
Or is it just in France that we use a bunny?
One day will follow me Believe !
knowing what you do about the evil that runs this country, why do you completely dismiss the idea that the US was behind 9/11?
Where will u b when the announce No.
1 pick Thurs.
night?
ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues will guarantee you seats !
Well, I'll take dessert over boys any time!
11 k nothing good this level.
I just gave the code for this guy, that guy, and the other guy
I'm excited to talk about Cow Clicker.
I agree outcome is very important
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/Faelai
No problem!
We always try and support local artists.
Looked at the portfolio.
Very good mosaics and paintings.
RT : Graham, Lawson starting in place of Melo, Billups.
Happy to see Lawson play tonight.
He's got a great future in the NBA!!
Diana Ross?
nothing really...
Just stalking people on Facebook..
Wbu?
Hi John !
Follow back please?
thanks !
Sunday funday: grilling, miller lite and the flatscreen in the yard
At sharp street united Methodist to preach the 3 hour seven last words service.
I have the 3rd word here.
Out  about with , ready for another interesting night out
Ready for a change of scenery?
Contact us about our international opportunities in Europe and
Sometimes I walk into an office and it smells so bad that I immediately feel stupid because my car smells worse
In the South Carolina beaches now!
Im hungry...and its almost 4 in the morning..omg.!
lol..fuck it im staying up.
Im ready to to dance my  off this weekend already.
lol rite I needed the rest been running around las 2 weeks
doctornking milk
yup, even as a straight man I find his big brown doe eyes adorable
haha.
i knew you'd see that one!
Well that's the problem  in the beginning, they weren't up front about it.
Which is why they were sued.
thanks so much for following!
be sure to checkout 3 have a fantastic day!
You are very much welcome.
Keep up the wonderful work!!
: Whatever became of Sloan Peterson?!
She married a TimeCop and was never seen again
Oh, so excited!
Stay tuned for photos of our newest models for M/I Cincinnati!
WOW.
Tiger is taking an indefinite break from golf.
Was just told I'd do well living among the Navajo people.Sure, it was only for my sheep intestine cleaning skills, but I still feel honored.
Rap evangelist
I am still up.
Anyone else?
great article, one of the more rational pieces on the topic so far!
thanks!
I kinda get the feeling I'm never going to find out How He Met His Mother, but then again I'm only on Season 3!
lol Jess!
Please dont lie to me!
I really love pizza, can't wait for it to come over...
so I can eat you!
and added friends cheesy bread.
Now I remember why I hate the NBA.
The refs are awful.
Let your purse be your master.
German Proverb
When you are around negative people, dont be like a sponge  soak it in; be like rubber  let it bounce off of you.
via
: Be a cosmic transmission station of love.
Today.
bacon, pico de gallo, onion straws, a special mayo , monterey jack I think.
nowplaying REMIX on the FridayNiteMixTape with and
please notice me!!!
please 4
Would Netflix pursue deals w/Disney, Fox, etc whn contracts expire?
Hastings: as far as I know, no one else has the right of first refusal
: Working on a food shoot for with in Southie.
can you follow me please?
3
I take issue with the inconsistencies in your lexical math.
take next Friday off, its going to be a Friday funday followed by Royals home opener...do it do it!!
I gota crush
doctorving my high ass friends to checkers just for them to buy me food, advantages of my sober life lol
yea that blows!!
Y do u have a whip?
I only posted the gif to see peoples reactions cause it makes me laugh xD
Mike Brown is too monotone in the locker room after a game 7 playoff win  He should be more emphatic.
But composure is important, too.
Freedom at last!!
But I'm on the fence right now/ so either push me to the other side or pull me down.
Good luck!
Going to watch Ok!
Enough already!
I just did my taxes and don't know why I work for myself!
Seriously!
On my waayy to somewhere:
hollllaa cool I'll be at The Avenu off McKinney..
Dont be a stranger til then :p
SignsOfASmut If all her baby daddy's got a blood relation!,,,,
And then decided I should've had 's kid while performing Fleetwood Mac's The Chain.
WHAT?!
Seriously, subconscious?!
If Tebow has a thought, is it a Christian Ponder?
We cannot have a multistage system.
BigData, analysis needs to be on the fly w/out being multistaged  Hasso Plattner
Tomorrow is yarnbombing day......
I was there most of the day playing 25nle, I left at 7 as the game was winding down, I won high hand at 5 with 4 4's!!!
as the awesome saysthe kingdom of heaven is entered not 1 by one but two by two!
cute!!!!
Good job daddy
Uh oh.
Commence wrist slap from !
I shine like sumtn in the sky ;
is it specifically doctorwn/designed for the increased pixel count?
She didn't wanna get that for me so she gonna be locked in that room.
Until she give me the money for what I want to buy
Running late overslept waiting for Nevada  double Junkie today, Lewis Black 2morrow
Hey ladies, if you're into doctornk guys with ranch doctorssing induced farts, we should hook up!
I am bringing peanut butter with me to Canada.
Obsessed?
Maybe.
Prepared?
Absolutely :
Pay for services; not pay for access.
THANKS!
for the RT about :
I was Dancing in the car  this guy in the car right next to us pulled up  looked at mee  gave me a thumbs up !
Ctfu
What does it take to redeem my voucher around here?
Called and they told me to email.
Emailed and no answer...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Attorneys are expensive, but maybe not more expensive than what you have to win or lose in the case.
When is it?
Website, would LOVE to see that...
List Building, make it simpler not hardone MISSINGARGURI
Thanks so much for following me!
Hope you have a great day!
it's a computer lol
I've had heel savers as a kid..but not taps .
Grew up on stride rite .RT Man the roc really held us down for years
As I mentioned last night....
Sleeping with all of your teddy bears in your bed when you were younger so that none of them get offended.
Well.
Ok.
I'll take one pitch into a double play.
I am currently packing to head out to the Dominican Republic to help inoculate babies and get doctornk.
Just spotted How's it going Sean?
If everyone saying the same shit about you wat does dat tell u ???
Everybody can't possibly be wrong and your right
how is everyone doing?
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
GeekTrivia answer: In the 52 series, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
Mister Mind
good stuff right!?
I laughed so hard when I saw that the first time.
Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty.
John Ruskin,.
Is it me or does JD look a little like the actor Simon Baker?
Nothing I love more than getting bitched at for no reason
Friday is here!
Who's got big plans for the weekend?
I'm your bejeweler's bejeweler
I just said the same thing after I carved my third pumpkin.
Baseball season...
Seeking vocal teacher for female vocalist who sings country.
Carrie Underwood  Trisha Yearwood describe her tone.
Chicago South Side
i wish i could retweet myself...
shits crazy
Next week I'll be in Humboldt Park talking home efficiencywhat do you wish you could change to make your home's energy use more efficient?
I do my best work at night.
DidYouKnow has played in 100 playoff games in his career.
And has won 0 championships.
I'm in the mood for a road trip...
Who wants to go to Vegas??
Plenty of examples of two superstars on same team being very successful.
Hey I'm happy to have a job!
LOL
Happy Birthday to
Happy Hump Day Funksters!
HA!
Chuck would say something like, 'Man boobies UNITE!' LOL!!!
Wusup Ben
People are ruining Lady Gagas tour by there petty protests.

Ikr ugh anyway goodnight boo, cnt skip tomorrow regardless of how sick I am.
: xoxoxo
Spread the word!
Use promo code LAUNCH20 for free shipping!
That sounds like a nature food store product.
Yes!
Coming together in creative ways 2 unify a digital Panamerica that extends to streets.
Being mentors to others
OMG I LOVE doctorSHOLLS !
im start my outfit like ....
Now HA
that boy got time?
Lol iJust Chugged Syrup Out Of The Bottle Haha
CivilMilitary Relations in the Wake of the Arab Uprisings: Arab Exceptionalism Redux Robert Springborg
you and need to get MTV to bring back celebrity death match with ya'll commentating.
First match avengers v.
Xmen
I'm from Hawaii :
i don't know how to vote...
Thanks for the input.
Tip from our designer: When designing, don't forget to think of the user!
may be top 3 in the state.
I need to get ova tht way tho fam what's gud ???
useful to refer some patients there for our studentran clinics.
Otherwise, eff Walmart, as they work to impoverish people.
Fracking has been used in NM for sixty years and it is safe says Gergis Scott
SJSFF Twitter Special  doctorp by our headqrters 2DAY from 11amNoon buy a ticket to the screening  get one FREE!
God pays, but not weekly wages.
Dianna, who are those people?
Happy 2012, and thanks for following us!
Thanks to Radio, Andoctora Gillis Band, John Powhida's Airport and Dirty Truckers for a great night!
If your going through a hard time, just keep your chin up!
There is a massive change coming to this Earth and we are all part of it!
BIG thx to sponsors for bringing the fun, food and inFOgraphics posters!
Happy Friday everyone!
Are you ready for this weekend?
I know I am.
:
I don't know how I would start my day without music.
ThankYouMusicians !!
Pew Research shows an equal  of male/female readers of ebooks, but how does that translate to library users?
hey baby how r u sexy
had a great morning.
so either the day can go right or terribly wrong.
: hoping for the best.
Except they leave out how the show will be on DVD in six months or so, and some people are too whiny to wait that long.
Just arrived at oms12 to bug and
lol watching The Voice for some reason..
Why does XTina keep fanning herself?
Color me Badd.
I could listen to their sweet sexy vocals all day.
Super mcnasty, why you mclovin when the bitch call me daddy
I will be there.
I accidentally hit the rotate button on one of my sightings and it changed the spotting date from a year ago to today.
Bug?
I don't know who gave me this headache, but you can take it back!
Hello friends and fellow music lovers.
Please take a moment to head over to my Reverbnation page and have a listen/look at all the mp3s...
i have the doctorid razr!
can you do it w.
That phone?
HEY ESPN, GUESS WHAT.
NATS STILL WIN THE SERIES NO MATTER THE OUTCOME OF THIS GAME.
Me too.
Did you see Jason Nelson minister Shifting the Atmosphere
yes, tix sale for gtmw  which you need to attend.
what u think about Otto Porter 22
oh no :!!!!
Well I love you girl.
Stay strong!
And I just hope that I'm forgiven for carin' 'bout how they livin', and loan 'em a little money and keepin' 'em out of prison.
Like shattered glass...
Listening to overboard by Justin Bieber as I get ready for school 3
ur awesome...
Congratulations, bro!
The student who asked the question was right: savings ARE doublecounted, as income AND as an asset.
oh man, great shot!!!
May I please use a version of that?
I wish I had taken a victory lap so I could've gone to Club Bucky tonight with
that makes no sense.
is my god to me his name is Kendall Sexy Schmidt i love him so much
I interpret this as technical requirements vs theoretical execution cc
what breed of beef?
actually maybe see ya in 11 days.
maybe, MAYBE.
Building a startup is a relentless pursuit of credibility  Steve Papa
It'd be nice if the online feed of the 2012WJC wasn't blackedout for the Team USA game tonight so I could cheer for Bo!
people still use four square?
Sometimes I can be pretty social with strangers.
out of state is fine.
We are hoping to get a sponsorship however, with cross promotion, advertising, and
Happy Easter all!
God bless!
I hope to have my new Music Company name posted tomorrow sometime!!
Excited!!
Scrape me off the sidewalk
Taylor swift quote 333
yea I know meg and Liz are awesome
Help me out: those of you who've started alumni chapters  how did you contact alums?
I've hit the listservs, etc...
Siri teaching me how to master interview Siri, what's your favorite movie?
I'd rather not say, can we get back to work?
It's always been that way, at least since rec.sport.baseball.
Y do i keep brickn open end str8 n flush doctorw
Follow roveatrandolph for live tweets as Karl Rove expounds on the Republican primary race tonight on our campus.
Ten Minute Social Media Insurance Coverage Primer By: Olivera Medenica  JD Supra
Yikes.
RT : It may sound healthy, but Cheesecake Factory's Grilled Chicken  Avocado Club packs 1,752 calories!
Has wireless at the grandparents house!
In georgia on my way to alabama
woke me up 
we have a great time !!
I wish we could stay longer.
oh yeah!
Mexico?
You're not getting to Mexico alive, silly rabbit.
RT I don't seek Jesus because I want provision.
I seek him because HE is provision
Crazy how u watch urself change with time
He plays on a La Liga team that fought for relegation and on that team he doesn't start all the time..
for starters.
So that's swim and bike training time we'll set aside for you :O
Something the average tourist wouldn't know!!
Ellen Sarver Dolgen: Take Your Menopause to Work Day
Then everybody wants to cry....when they reminisce over you, my God...
Kerzweil's prediction, if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever.
SXSW RT
A little late but Merry Christmas from Occupy Cinema NYC.
Save some of 's CALIBERRY for me when I come to town next weekend
thank you again for coming!
got her back!!
Haha!
Thank God!
Is she okay??
I'm a big Belgian beer guy myself.
I'll let you know if I ever get on it, I'll need some tips

next time babe
FLYERS WIN GAME 2  lead the Series 20, bringing it back to Philly!!
I'm honored that I will be in the building Game 3!
thanks i got it!
These bitches 
Welcome home we've all missed you alot!
i still havent seen amelie.
but its on netflix.
but i want to watch it w someone.
do u own it?
maybe we can watch it together
Using the heck out of my iPad 2 while it's still relevant technology.
thanks!
My grandma made it!
: The boys all say that Harry would be the best boyfriend because he would give up everthing and give the world to that girl.
: Mike tells grandson: A lack of confidence made me work harder.
60Minutes I think this doctorves many to work too hard...
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy.
Where are you tonight?
....You must hold onto the love that you find.
In a world of mass confusion one thing I find, the Lovers win every time.
You's a crazy bitch!
Shit we always say.
Haha 3
It's good to talk ...How long were you on hold the last time you called your telecom provider?
They shouldn't overlook the Giants, but I believe they will roll today.
The 49ers/Pack would be a great game.
Getting off of the boat, only a little queasy.
We saw a pod of playful dolphins and TheWife made fun of me for my last tweet.
That's right, put the historians to work!
Try out In Home  Shoulders 1  2 and In Home Back 1  2 RT : I need a good back and shoulder building routine STAT!
Sleep?
Who need sleep when you have
: Angelina's leg was the only true winner tonight.
oscars
magic number is 11!!!
Your network is everything.
Jordan Adler
Gonna watch movie with my friends...
Yippieee...!
hah!
I somehow missed this!
the ostroskis should join me in Hawaii
Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute.
Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team...
the specific, cathartic way we beat the Yankees in 2004 is the only reason I think fans don't care anymore.
Can't wait for my bubble bath  to cuddle up in bed for the rest of the night
2B honest I'm doctorading it  we're talking NO access to the launch during the races over a 3month period  not to the beach or Bay
RT if you are joining us today at 7pm for our FREE Commercial Class with Ben Toplin.
As temperatures warm, malaria has spread to higher altitudes in places like the Colombian Andes, 7,000 feet above sea level.
dude!
have you read angelas ashes?!
NDSA David Rosenthal says we need diversity, need more than 1 tool to preserve the web, so one repository doesn't lose the history of web
Hate it when people think you like someone, when clearly you don't.
I'm going to be late at practice.
Thanks for the follow  RT; hope you had a successful show!
The team that attended learned a lot!
yeah, the publishing company with a trillion databases!
crazy, huh?
Create Contagious Content rather than engineered for SEO.
totally fucked up a deer on the way home from our 98 Rock radio show...
Paddle Raise Auction for the kids...
The Lord says, I will NEVER learve you nor forsake you!
Hebrews 13:5
new players are now in the legal services purchasing mix.
Procurement professorssionals are now involved
thanks for the FF!
Basically started w/a check up.
The vet tech told me over the phone I needed to put him down.
Before they even saw him!
motion city soundtrack doctorpped out.
Sadface.
:
Ok Which One
Fair point.
RT Major swing state votes against gay marriage; Obama comes out in favor of it.
You can't say it's not ballsy.
Military Wedding Gown Give away!!
How exciting!!
Brides Across America will be giving away new wedding gowns in a wide range of sizes...
If its my boo thang!.
good one
Next week starts our annual company walking challenge.
I just did some recon on last year's winner, so I can beat her number.
Green Green Green!
Leggo, !
Forgot how much I love a good truck race.
That is a good thing.
Keep going.
Congrats, that is so awesome!!
Taking a break from ObjC to play a gig with the band.
hey thanks for following : have you checked out our music yet?
goodnight guys!
SURROUND yourself with ppl who have your BEST INTEREST in mind.
Life is too short to put up with fools.
I'm kind of old fashioned.
But this being said, I really like Twidoctoryd on my Motorola doctorid.
NBA IS BACK!
I rather get hit by a car than to have oomf over to my house ever again
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom  Baafrumm, Refrigerator  Fridgerataa, Remote  Moken Troll.
thnx, got u
Rockies select Clemson OF Kyle Parker with 1st round pick.
Like Helton and Seth Smith, college QB.
Tradition, perhaps?
Happy Valentine's Day!
It's buy 1 get 1 doctornks after 4pm today!
Bring your sweetheart on over to SCCGA  treat them!
ha!
They are having to fix something with the stabilitrack!
Need some new furniture?
Visit www.mattrezzzguys.com for some great bedoctorom specials!
What exactly does it mean to suspend a GM for 8 games?
Does he get to work in the off season?
When does it start?
do you know where we can get pretty light tickets this late ?
Just because I clearly don't want her does not mean it's open season.
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's youtube channel www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo
New safety procedures introduced by the cruising industry to help keep passengers safe:
just ordered your book.
Sponsorship Seekers Toolkit.
Looking forward to checking it out!
lot of our users are traveling yogis RT : cannot wait to take advantage of your offerings when im in Vermont!!!
;
time to make the donuts...and give and exam
ATL: Looking for volunteers for Fashion Night Out.
Interviews tomorrow 67pm at Atlantic Station.
Email
No you ain't seen a gangster that clean.
'Fit so sick, the 'fit need vaccines.
: It's been a great night!
Appreciate the reply  that's some counterintuitive ridership data you've got there.
PLEASE send him my name to follow me.

most welcome
Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going 2 say is THINK If not leave it unsaid!
Living it up in the UK together someday hopefully : if all goes as planned :P
We need doctorw storen back!
Watching hpp2.
Nothing much just feeling nostalgic you?
Great to see you at the GmisterFood doctorve, thanks again for coming out and supporting a great cause!
Shout out to and make sure to follow
A genius is a man who can rewrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
Coming in a few minutes.
An explanation of our new hash tag:
Looks like we're meeting Indiana in CATlanta!
Whaddduppp
Annoying traffic, coming home from the midwestpeak family travel time?
Assuaging myself with a 2006 Titus Petite Sirahlush blackberries!
at the Fillmore!
Made me so wet, hehehe
Looking forward to the journey ahead with
This song makes me think bout home
Tip of the day: If you want to golf but you don't want to get in trouble then alls you got to do is not aim at people.
If I start to review the movies I watch would you rather have individual posts that are smaller, or larger ones covering multiple movies?
Today is a new day, a fresh start, and a clean slate  plus I get to see my girl !!!
And my very first NYC friend
It's been 4 days and I still can't taste anything I eat :
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
Denis Waitley
I GOT NEXT
Where in LA is your dad?
Fuck the bulls
I left my room at 9:00am and my battery was at 100, it's only been two hours and I'm already at 54 smh is me or is it my phone?
well, there's no DVD player included with windows 8, so you're on your own to download VLC.
Ah, if you make it into the city let's grab some beers
love that one.org uses humor along with serious messages in their socialmarketing campaigns
No, it's the first i've had in like 3 months lol
Love is not a car race.
No need for fast track.
So, slow down or you might be ending up in a car crash.
Round 2 at here we come
The count down to FolsomStreetFair begins now!!!
know where you're going w/ this but the yellow band stands on the very big shoulders of decades of individual giving!
happy birthday jeff your the best superstar ever
im good!
I have 2 boys, the oldest loves bball!
My mom asked the other day about you!
Follow me on here, I'm new to twitter
You're most welcome!
Saw inception yesterday.
Another great movie from Christopher Nolan.
Great action  gives you a few things to think about.
MyPastRelationships probably never should have happened, and I should also try to fix them.
yes, I feel bad for Angel but they shouldn't get sympathy votes.
Thick hoes on motorcycle 
I quoted some lyrics from Candy, and I quoted a sentence from Matt Nathanson's Modern Love album cover.
:D
: it was the first night of the KonnectedShowcase.
Its over now tho.
They gon have it every Mon at City Heat on Harris
Happy Chocolate Day!
What's your favorite chocolate brand?
Mine's
Happy St Patties Month!!!
People spend 3x more time on Facebook than on Google.
That means that you should be mastering it as a marketer.
Listen ppl are gettin on my nerves talkin abt ooohhhh we shouldnt celebrate.death, and we as christians blah blah blah....

cristiano ronaldo Soccer skills against the heat lolol
that problem was solved after 1 hr 9 min on the phone last night, now have 2 figure how long we were charged incorrectly
There will be 2 for u at will call when u get there
We think so too!
Students get a far more rich experience and schools save money loading all textbooks on one device.

Not tonight, sorry
How to Live GlutenFree on a Budget: 10 Tips  2 Recipes glutenfreegoddess.blogspot.com
Amen to that!
RT : It doesnt matter how good the money is if youre not living your true purpose.
via
Great MKE Brunch Blog RT : well thank you very much for the compliment!
I am glad you like the site!
Fly me to the moon...
thank you
Some strange trends on Twitter today, so we will keep it simple.
If you've never tried us before come in for a free wax your first time!
THEY GOT ME PINNED DOWN!
Ehhemm why an I in this line...?
Can wait for the Spring Break 2 get here....
In Austin for the state tournament.
Best time of the year !!!
I bet you think this tweet is about you...
It's not.
True.
RT , : Words were created for better understanding in communication not deception, speaking...
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam.
Tonight, thursday night, from 7 to 10.
EG is practicing making snow angels on our living room floor.
:
duh!
: can we all go to MadMex or Las Margaritas soon?
Thankyou Kayla!
And thanks for coming even though you were only there to see Brock ;
this is such a loss for San Diego and I hope his foundation will continue his good work!
Justin Has Boy Beliebers And One Of 'em Is .
WhatILoveTheMost :
All this doom and gloom.
If Heat rest starters Rockets are favored in all 4 games.
Utah isn't '96 Bulls for cryin' out loud.
I'm by the counter on the right haha!
bitch no i dontt!!!
The feeling you get when it's time to give something up but you just want to keep it for a little bit longer..
Hoping Madison makes bank that weekend on citations...event truly has gotten out of control, only way to reel it in is2actually enforce laws
Taking it day by day, Living it minute by minute
date with my two favorites :
Yes, I have.
Love all the connections between Ginsburg, Kesey, Dylan, HST, Kerouac, Grateful Dead, Cassidy, etc.
The foolish man think with narrow mind and speak with wide mouth.
Happy Almost Birthday Not the 30th yet but!
happy Birthday..
you Inspire Me and others!!
Happy Birthday!!
good to run into you just now.
Yeah, movies, juicing, bbq soon!
I'll send it your way haha
middleschoolmemories The Day I met My BestFriend And Sister ..and the day we all First Went out as a group
This is extreme.
I dont do waiting!!!!

wow, that's some serious shit.
I am so very very sorry.
My condolences.
Thinking of you and your loved ones.
The hubs  I are getting our taxes done today.
If that isn't love...
Anybody else ready for The Hunger Games ?
Actor will be at the Warner Theatre tomorrow night for the Helen Hayes Awards
Wow, would love to publish your list of jazz singers that sang in Columbus in the 1950's.
You OK?
Thompson's role is creating and perpetuating a fraudulent charity was uncovered in a series of articles in the Tampa Bay Times.
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's  stratejoy.com for some inspiration on your own blog!!
A little foggy out this morning, might need a pot of Earl Grey with a bowl of Gypsy Vegetable and Grilled Veggie Sandwich.
Awesome time last nite performing w/ for a wonderful charitable event!
Thx!!
3
HELL YEAH NIG
Worst commute I've had in a really long time.
Courtesy of the never fails to be sh!teous A train.
So over this misadventure.
In my desire I see endless numbers of angels and fauns proclaiming: Holy, holy, holy is Benjamin's desire.
Summer reading season is fast approaching!
What books do YOU recommend?
Ive never sought success in order to get fame and money; its the talent and the passion that count in success.
Ingrid Bergman
Wrestling tomorrow..?
Same here.
My joints felt like they needed some WD40 to get loose again
Congratulations to Matthew Jacob Wayne who earns his first national commercial and gets his SAG Taft Hartley in the process!
WTG Buddy!!
Thanks for the mention!
no I fucking don't look like that nigga  Hold It !
Fernando Rodney.
Beast mode.
Again.
Just got back from an awesome writer's workshop by  I now have my next novel completely plotted!
an' that's sayin somethin!
This nigga doctornking frozen water...have fun with that
I always do.
Thanks for the well wishes!
Breaking ya neck looking aint good for ya...
They serve tacos at burger king?
Blasphemy.
they got rid of Carter to pay Bryzgalov.
Richards was the gm's idea.
'Confusometer' app gets rave reviews from U of T computer science students  Toronto Star
Review posted on Webcampus under Exam Review folder on homepage
y can't you just take the compliment and retweet it
I just realized, too!
I guess I haven't been paying enough attention during the Teen Mom 2 commercials!
how is it that walkingdead episodes seem so short?!
have fun!
Give Mad County my love!
Verizon is having some regional issues that have taken our phones down here  and Extra Billy's is quite close to us actually
very nice Chris
DaVinci's polyphasic sleep stylings sound smurfy for sure, but I'm pretty sure they'd make a narcoleptic out of most modern folk.
EveRy DaY iM ShuFfliN!
hey girlfriend!
Miss you too!
Glad you are tweeting its so fun especially with tv
RT : The most difficult decisions we make are never between right and wrong.
Theyre always between good and best.
Thanks for the message but I am not interested.
Good luck in your search.
It's only game one, we have 2 more chances to steal one...
lakernation keep them heads up!
I heard that!
Follow caps game via twitter is the worst way to start the Stanley cup
I am afraid of things that aren't supposed to be moldy.
Old foodwallsetc.
FREAKS ME OUT!!!!
Just don't think I will get out of bed today until the games are on...
LoL
Don't forget, we're selling Comedysportz tickets in OSI!
4 a piece!
Considering going with Adobe's Creative Cloud.
Seem to get a lot more for the money.
Anyone sticking with the traditional upgrade model?
Some of the best people I've met in my life came out of that city.
: I love that cable news sold advertising against whitney houston's funeral.
I know!
Party central all of the time!
You should watch it too sometime, it's amazing!
can a nigka get a scarf?
Lol
oh you know what I like?
elebrate and thank GOD for sending me a little BIG Brotha.
My love to you...
Another year to prosper, you got it so proud of you!
No flowers needed.
Just show someone how to make vinaigrette!
:
thanx for following
i was sitting alone this morning when coach was taking roll ...
This team womps right now.
No other way to put it.
gave my bro a share of stock, tough to find Packer stuff in Boise
Willful ignorance is not a sign of perseverance.....
Hey wanna hit up Liv tonight
You would have saved me hours of my life yesterday  but it will save me days and maybe weeks now.
Thank you.
last nights chicken and rice hodgepodge was excellent, today, mixed with scrambled eggs, not as good.
Hell yeah!
Lmaooo : Why have a weather channel when I have twitter??
tentatively escorting Gregory Maguire for the National Book Festival and helping staff the graphics novel minipavilion.
Y'all come!
we are perfect for each other lol
The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you.
Dont go back to sleep.
Man why did my thunder have to lose?
Me Doing Standup was so funny that I almost forgot about my debilitating schizophrenia of modern technologies, like tweater.
Thanks professorssor Stevie.
Nicely done.
Til next week...
Anyone see the Ides of March?
I remember back a few years when there were very few Classics nerds anywhere on twitter.
2012 wins.
I know like I'm not even tired.
And sorry I never tweeted you back I was watching a movie
The Deluxe is still under work, sorry any further inconvenience!
I pray to God every night for him to mend my brokeness.
I need that so much..
Does anyone know of any Florists on the Westside of Indy around Speedway??
who says I want the current system?
It is known.
Yeah, fer sure......Love TK interviews.
Today, I start my free Princteon Club membership.
I like the benefits at WKOW.
have you checked out ?
Combining the comfort of socks, with the convenience of sandals
RT : What a night!
Met mom.
What an amazing and inspiring woman.
Going strong Louise, Love ya JC
The word swag is being more over abused than my neighbor's wife.
Thank you!
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
I want a jean vest!.
sfrietenorsays Learning how to tweet.
Better late than never!
Opportunities abound!!
Blastinh 'barbie girl' at the bar w/old men and frat boys.
CBS Another Camera Angle Fail
That awkward moment when you folding your underwears and a guy comes next to trying to sell you moves
With the foundation of secure insurance, your entire retirement doctorams can become true.
Proper insurance allows secure financial planning!!!
First night back in our own beds, and we all had trouble sleeping!!
Sleeping in the van really grows on you!
lol
u left Mavs??
and read BASHERS comment wer horrible..
hope things work out tho..
to YOU and
I'm still tripping over the fact that a burglar is caught asleep on someone's couch watching  America's Dumbest Criminals LOL
thats like mentoring
Talia has me laughing like an idiot right now.
Omg
Last chance to see the stunning 35mm print of 'The Red Shoes today at 3pm.
Moira Shearer and popcorn...
hard to resist!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear but of power and love and of a sound mind 2 Timothy 1:7
At bankofamerica class about short sales.
Can never learn too much!
Welcome!
When do you get here?
I need to clarify  I don't mean standing up for the unpopular idea BECAUSE it's unpopular.
Not a rebel for rebel's sake.
That's silly.
Haven't been tweeting in a while, but I'm back!
it's true.
the animated .gif is the new 2.5min video :
Hope we are in the running for it.
umbrellas can have better design.
Congrats to for winning at Aipono Awards Gala.
I think me, need to jet over 2 Maui and congratulate!
thanks girl!
Don't know what to do or say :/
all about the MLP!!
I am holding my breath for the CGI version.
Damn this weather is too humid..
Google Art: Seeing the Gigapixel technology at work with The Birth of Venus by Botticelli.
Allow for fast zooming and clear content
How to Track Your Competition Online Using the HubSpot Software
Off the grid to write, strategize, and research  have a fabulous day!!
It is the essence of genius to make use of the simplest ideas.
Charles Peguy
We are gearing up for two backtoback SOLD OUT shows with at this Sunday!
Grab your tickets in time?!
holla!!!
Tell homegirl I said wassup!!!
Do it up and be safe!!!
MONKEY ik u got my tweets lol but anyways I Need CHUCK E CHEESE COUPONS!!
Hey I have a question did Austin do ustream already today?
cause I think I missed it
can't wait to find out what you're working on next.
Good luck and best wishes in your future endeavors.
my ideal Mothers Day would be to hav my son cook Breakfast, clean  leave me in peace for a few hours.
My dear miss u how are you?
Am overjoyed to see you tweeting
Im ready to eat
: I support high school doctorpouts, who else is going to make my chicken nuggets?
lol.
Will you be able to come in and see it in person?
Thanks so much for the writeup Andoctorw.
We're happy you're just as excited about urbantag as we are!
In church with Redeemed Christian Church of God in Md., USA.
Its midnight and E.A.
Adeboye is about to preach!!!
what will our sweet sweet podcast name be?
Fact: Wix websites don't work on Apple and a lot of people have slow internet so they don't load for them.
Don't use it!
Call a Pro!
I love Oreos!!!!
Some people deserve to be slapped in the fucking face !
I have a lot of stories to my life.
I do enjoy those comfortable Red Sox wins.
Glad they are coming more frequently these days.
Oh, my Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Pretzels: Never again will I let my knowledge of your sodium and calorie content keep us apart.
Never again.
Everyone Follow Shes My Best Friend Legit3
perfect day!
soccer and more soccer!
GoodLife and Union have a night cap!
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
at work bored
: Such a tease!
I want to hear it already!
; Patience my dear, good things come to those who wait.
That last seam that closes the binding on a quilt always wants to make me crazy.
But it is both done and diagonal.
Success.
No comeback for Brewers.
Dodgers 4 Brewers 3.Bring on the
CORRECTION: The pictures of Joe and Mikey are from Tuesday, June 7.
Is it really that hard to follow back?
I dunno, I think it's way better than the original.
Happy Atlas Day, everyone!
What did you get us for our birthday?
Some Likes?
Oh, you shouldn't have!
Just saw a dude gracefully jaywalking across roan street with a grocery cart.
RT : Shrinking budgets mean teachers R having 2 put new things on student skool supply listsincluding cleaning supplies....
Which FrankSinatraSong do you have playing you through your day?
It's possible, or maybe you should campaign for them!
They need a star like you!
Your reply made my day!
Well, when this 2012 Mayan shit finally hits, it won't be because the Royals won the World Series.
Even they can't even predict that.
RT : You've lost control.
The sentient defers.
UGH.
Damn, you got me on that one .
But you like my boots, admit it ;
Oh god.
Stanley Kunitz What makes the engine go Desire desire desire.
awesome!
Wish I was there too...hope yer well my friend!
I only have 2 of Mackie's Barbies I think.
Fantasy Goddess of Asia and Lady of the Unicorns.
hey : how are ya?
so when Leah said her high ass she knew it was a natural high??
Suspending my moral vow never to wear a suit for business purposes JUST for this morning.
I need my workout bud to come back pronto!!....
Cause the revenge of the muff is back!
Stop by Tracy Mourning's Honey Child Pop Up Store in Aventura while you're in the mall!!By the Apple store..1st Floor
our site is designed with several pathways; chronology is but one.
You can also search by artist, title, style, period, keyword...
Can this life turn out good for once?
Let's find out.
doctornking an Apothic Red with  while watching Colbert.
AWESOME You!!!
Mortimer Adler Self improvement quotes Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self
Comedians, clubs, and promoters: send your name and email addoctorss to alwaysfunnyinphiladelphiagmailcom to be approved to submit!
What a great overall.
Sold at Venus pool during day and sold out night at lax!
She's embarrassing
i have a harder time picking the music i'm going to listen to than in how to architect my apps.
If I die tomorrow, I want you to bury me with my stuff.
A.J.
Langer should receive an Emmy for her deathbed scenes, as Erica, on PrivatePractice along with her young son who had to bid farewell.
we have to catchup
Tip 115:We all miss the flop 66 of the time.Therefore, floating is professortable if you time it well vs.
opp that will fire just once.
Who's you FAVORITE CATER?
did George get my birthday gift?
don't forget Scandal is tonight!
I could use something that's not legal in most civilized countries
It's much easier to make rings out of Gummi Lifesavers than the hard candy.
This new generation has it so easy!!
SHOUT OUT TO OUR LEAD MALE MODEL
SMA Service is always on point whether in the field or at the doctorwing boards :
That strange moment when you announce that your but is vibrating when your phone is in your pocket and people are arround
The growth of the police state is proportional to the growth of awareness enabled by the Internet.
We're waking up and they're scared.
It takes skill to be real.
Don't forget to vote everyone!
It's more important now than ever!!!!
it blows my mind how some people can't take the hint that i don't want to talk to them.
I hear ya...i could use another day!
Catcha manana on the show.
haha okay well what are you doing friday?
Ignore my email.
It saved it ok!!!
seeing my ex's have bad lives , i like that sht ...
they are the definition of dope...ness
Our very own Keith McNutt  Tina Hookom were on KPFK's Samm Brown show last night to chat about The Fund!
Check out the archived show...
i'm glad u think i'm nice haha
smh you would think theyd be ready for more ppl than usual
Jamming out to Radiohead The Bends.
What a marvelous album
Elizabeth is ignorant she is so stupid I don't think she has no brains in blonde head of hers
Sea Box The Sea Box shipping container company in East Riverton, N.J.
last tweet ah excited on repeat!!!!!!!!
we had fingernails when this OT started.
they are now gone.
Idea: could see Bo not wanting Bennett and UVA to continue the access to the Wisconsin pipeline.
Just a thought.

The Eskimos have 52 words for snow because it is so special to them; there ought to be as many for love!Margaret Atwood
me too girl, crazy life.
Hehe so whats up?
it's true, it's true!
Lebron be flopping.
YOU SUCK LBJ!
The only place that I wanna be is where you are, cause any more than a heartbeat away is just too far.
Helluva week to be a Philly fan.
Steve Jobs had a better week.
LC, maybe I can help.
I am with Franchise Tax Board.
DM me.
I'm not gunna teach your boyfriend how to dance.
:3
Or, this: why reassign my associate from the task I was teaching him to one he already knows, without asking/talking to me?
Doing well today but pretty busy...
wish I could have some more time on my hands.
How are you?
My feet hurtt
hehehe just played a prank on my cousin...
That's crazy!
CONGRATS.
At this time tomorrow, we'll all be at the 87th Annual !
See y'all soon!
I wish I was watchin the game
Marco Rubio thinks GW did a fantastic job during his 8 year term.
Uh, no, Marco.
But then you also thought ur folks escaped Castro.
Jus learned i got the same hand writting as my math teacher...
Hm how can this be useful.?..
Hm jumps back into space shipzooms away
Hey buddy hope your enjoying your summer hmu sometime ;
RT : RT Tennessee State LibraryArchives acquires CivilWar dispatches from 16th U.S.
Colored Infantry bit.ly/pNfB4k
they didnt think they had enough singers to maintain an a cappella group, so they added instruments and became a band
thank you Q!!
Miss you love!!
We gotta get together soon
I'm thinking of RTing this as well
Dude, I know this is random.
Its random for me.
Here goes.
God loves you so much  so deep He sent Jesus to die for you.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
Its burger time.
Come and get it.
stain ur lips with red meat
the truth hurts..
him, not you
well look who has the third best record in the NBA Tell Barkley and Reggie Miller to kick rocks.
infocampseattle Collaboration session causing flashbacks of unsnobbycoffee.com project.
MAHOMIES trend SoProundOfAustin 3 he did amazing for his FIRST CONCERT, i love you !
uwgrad ready to lead the official party to the stage for this morning's commencement.
Congrats to all the graduates out there!!!
Thanks, Celeste!
Welcome aboard!
Learning helps you to deal positively and productively with change.
HalfTime Chapter 18
I like the sound of 40 min a day
As I type, is live tweeting a BRAIN surgery.
So cool...
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously.
This is how character is built.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Can't wait until the night gets started
Happy Friday :
RT : to unlock the Winter Wonderland badge you need 5 different Winter theme beers  good to know!
Great local band I'm listening to...
...
these guys are phenom  true instrumentalists with incredible writing.
Worth a listen.
you didn't deserve a damn thing especially from some the mcjumpoff delux identity thief
Seriously Lingling, can I have egg rolls by Monday?
RT Today is International Women's Day.
RT Happy International Women's Day!
Maybe will ship my new bag early.
Hint hint.
Then I can send a pic sooner rather than later.
Following from this, can a simple machine like a mousetrap be a subject?
Because it follows Kittler's if/then thesis.
Do you have a nearby?
They Rock RT : I messed up and forgot food today and now feel like i could gnaw my arm off  ahh
Happy Mother's Day!
Totes McGotes Chessey.
Sorry for clogging up your Twitter feed...see you in 1.5 hours.
;
Smile  It's cheaper than medicine.
I've had bowel movements more interesting and longer than that.
New samples are in!!!
Still a few appointments left for this weekend.
Call/email to snag one!
Excellent reason to give!
MT : I'm an atheist that gives to salvation army cuz they saved xmas for me once.
hahaha I was just listening to them today!
They're working on New music now!
I'll be on with and at 3:30pm live from KCI to talk Caps and Dale Hunter only on 106.7 The FAN!
It sucks when the person you're basically in love with shows their jerk side to someone and you dont know what to think about it.
FF SHOW LOVE TO THESE TALENTED FRIENDS TOO
Spring fever.
10 days until I visit Nick in Seattle.
At least a month before he comes home : I hope this time flies by
How can he tell me no?
I'm so nice!
That should be illegal
The Lord has filled my heart with joy!
I can tell because NOTHING has made me unhappy today.
crazystuff praisehim!
lol yeah i feel u on that
Life is interesting it takes you places you and down curve you never thought of
Check out my next op ed article in Sunday's Milwaukee Journal Sentinel!
Let's do it
Thanks for the RT's yesteday!
Did you guys buy the Starbucks deal?
RT : Good start for the boys in blue
that not true.
looking for something?
Like your passport perhaps???
I'm the same way with waffles.
fwiw!!
Hoping for a miracle from the Knicks tomorrow.
Of course I have to work during the game!
I blame my Klouchebag score on
hahahahaha I will always remember that ctfu
RT : I'm in awe of everyone participating in musesocial!
Great people  Great conversation
My My sweet : She's got a smile that could turn my life around!
bouncing thru the club like tigger!
welcome to america.
haha
Check us tonight with the legendary Leon Ware  The Blue Note, songwriter behind I Want You, After The Dance, Inside My Love,Sumthin Sumthin
Aw!
Thanks ;0 but not as cute as you!
lol
You should def leave him for me
It's kind of nasty how a girl could get so grimey because of one night.
People get fake when things are starting to get real....
I'm officially in love with Twitter and
what happened to all the heat fans??
Where are you located anyway?
YO THE SHIT THIS WHITE GIRL JUS DID ON JERRY SPRINGER'S STAGE I WANNA GIRL 2 FUCK ME LIKE THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yephaving issues on my iPad.
Seems like it could be an issue with the disqus comment plugin.
Things look fine until that loads
Hmm, Kind of odd to see South Korea on the Visa Waiver Program but not my native Polish peeps?
Where's the Polish love
lol what's up with that.
I saw in a movie that its an invisible protective circle.
Lol idk
God there is a part of me that misses the gold old Southie Boys....rockingshamistercktats part of
Studying in the library, which really means we are on Pottermore
www.txttlktees.com2 new characters gonna be unveiled in the next few dayswatch out for them and 20 off coupon code too!!!
Dear universe, I need two more hours to this day.
He's so awesome
Comt1, R5.5: last sent.
shouldn't read lawyer may not knowingly assist in UPL in that person's jurisdiction
loved having you!
come back soon!
thanks for the follow never met a link strategist before..sounds fun!
cough than cough
Hello the world of Twitter;D
I need sum sleep
Things to do when you're bored: paint the F word on to your car.
We can start a mutual admiration society!
:
Seriously, my daughter will never know what a TV is.
on my way to help set up
Gotta lol at some of these females then give em that look like  oooookkkkaaaaaayyyy lmao
Thats good to hear!
Cant wait hear some new jams :
way 2 revert back 2 older version without manually backing up before making changes?
what if the autobackup file is 2 old?
Firstteam defense very active against the secondteam offense.
Very little yardage for the white squad
Need u to chaperone me there
I hate when I come to friend houses and they have attitudes
: Hi.
It would be nice to see a National Geographic book on the history of chess.
This is definitely a book I would buy.
We still have rooms available for early Super Bowl arrivals Jan 27Feb 1.
Listening to she thinks my tractors sexy.
Don't judge
Good luck this season...STAY FOCUSED!
Gamecocks lead SEC in sacrifice bunts with 25.
I dont make typos i remix words BITCH !!
New post: Wine Sale  Up to 70 off Retail with FREE Shipping
going to look at my hopefully new home.
ah.
exciting.
downtown later.
I'm so hungry!
:O
This!
TY RT : Yes, lots of brands are Pinning.
Job seekers too.
Great for creatives to showcase work.
My minds playing tricks on me.
Im excepting gifts for my birthday, now im not going to tell you what to get me, however a
FRI Lunch Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Mousse with Blueberries  Chocolate Shavings
As usual.
RT : beadle looks hungover
Feeling like crapola and I'm not sure what's going on.
But I know the medicine is cuddle time with my dog.
These refs wanna see a duke comeback real bad.
Fact: Rowan is at Disneyland right now!
THE happiest place on earth.
Have fun!
RT
i'll watch it on saturday; just to find out how horrible it is.
Yankees beat Red Sox 42, clinch Clinch A.L.
East Title
ok u gonna get me tomorrow
Food, Limos, and Foreign roller coasters?
Fine with me!
Much needed girls night with  3
Happy Friday!
why would I not trust you?
I'm not sure yet !
I haven't baught my tckets yet !
ALTHO, on its release Vincent Camby thought it was as phonyas relentlessly schematic and upbeatas Soviet neorealist art
ee how SDUSD took that bogus option here: vosd.org/pVIV1J Simple choice, spend or save, SD chose to spend
Just because you don't understand what i am trying to convey or better yet, you don't agree.
Does not make me wrong, it means im different.
Thanks for the interview this morning!
this new device seems like it will help students keep organized and on task, especially within distance learning
haha.
Very funny.
Put that new feed to work and post today's show.
You're killing us podcast addicts.
I'm not crazy, you just don't get meh!
:P
ala11 Yes, work from assets, not from deficits!
Bird was fuckin the Algebra teacher !
Suggestion: If you are sending out LinkedIn invites, fill out your professorle.
I'm not going to accept from someone I know nothing about!
Our glory is not ever Falling Down....Our Glory is getting back up every time...If you are willing to stay in the game you will succeed!
thanks for the warm welcome, glad to connect!
The rain smells delicious.
Love these thunderstorms.
Yeah, he wrote down some stuff, a minilesson.
I plan on breaking the new moves out at some point.
Dear America: Go see ATTACK THE BLOCK this weekend.
You must.
Best of the year so far.
Thanks, Joe Cornish and
been enjoyong the pics you and your wife post on instagram.
I hope soccer is rained out tonight 
The antidote for rejection in one word, it would be ALTERNATIVES.
I live my life eryday trying to prove things to myself...if you have to impress others they shldnt b in ya circle, or u needa quit bein lame
I opened my window and its still super hot in my.room!
Today she would have been 69 years old.
Everyday I miss her, and am thankful she was my mother for 36 years.
I will love her always
RT : Every problem is an opportunity in disguise.
Chicago is on point tonight!
Corey Wilkes live at the Trinity Episcopal Church!
Wallace Roney live at the Jazz Showcase!!!!
According to the source for talent management everyone has talent like giant picturesObviously, I'm a coffee doctornking pro
haha, i enjoy the attention
My brother was one of the Lynn students in Haiti.
Do you know the names of the four missing???
I wanna watch finding nemo....but I can't find it ':
Morning workout!
Gotta be extra fit
RIP Al Gore.
A true visionary.
RT  al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy
GoTribe Well I hope the tribe can win tomorrow.
Didn't even know half of the line up today.
GoTribe!!
Someone come eat vegan pizza with me
DAILY POKER TIP: Don't berate the bad players at the table.
Doing so may cause them to leave and take their money with them.
so much homework:
you doing for the day or staying overnight.
I have to do back in Mar as well?
When is Raw?
adult pinata...
This could get dangerous !
Happy Anniversary!!
Thankfulfor beautiful summer evenings
New Media Workshop
When you really matter to someone, that person will always make time for you.
No excuses.
No lies and no broken promises.
Happy Sunday to you : ..if you want to list your biz go to www.ybocaraton.com .
Have a great holiday season !
Right next to Peets!
I grab a coffee there, and head over for pastry!
Good call!
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.
Working on it!
What is the 8Weeks to a Better You program?
It's a crash coarse in making better choices for weightloss and improving total
that one I have on a wish list.
If you haven't read playing with fire.
It is pretty good.
Blow, sex, hockey...
Second chance at New years: Mochitshuki Japanese American New Year's celebration on January 31st!
www.mochitsuki.org!
lemme try that again
so ecstatic to hear the good news!
No one deserves this more than you.
Ain't no rest for the wicked  sage the elephant
wasn't invited and no one to go w
joni mitchell.
a case of you.
I almost joined a few weeks ago, but their sales was as good as their support.
A lucky escape.
Aw, you made my Friday!
Thank you!
Note the sarcasm of the second to last tweet 
bitch, your mom should have swallowed that load.
SCORED NEW MUSIC PRODUCER FOR FIRST RELEASE HOMELESSDOGMUSIC THE INCREDIBLE HOSS, YES THE doctorMMER EXTRAORDINAIRE, MY NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOR,
i love chandler bing.
I think the Miller Park roof needs its' own twitter account.
I am jealous of you two.
You all are just adorable.
MayweatherFlow let's go!
xD maybe you should ask for a Visa!!
or a car :P or a house or a plane or a train lol xD
If my mom doesn't stop screaming over the fucking sixers.
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
I haven't topped off at the gas station since 2003....
I cant afford that.
Game 7 thursday at the Gahden
how are you?!
You didn't come see me before you left!
:
When are the Feb poker invites going out?
I never seem to be quick enough on the trigger  looking for some inside info!
in New York!
thanks for the follow, and congrats on your win yesterday.
Word travels fast!
What happended to YEE, NSD, austream, tweeting all the time ?
I miss the OLD Austin :'
RT : 'The pursuit and attainment of intellectual enlightenment cannot be judged by numerical tests.'  Vera Brittain
Thanks for the follow !
:
Hmm, I may need me some Downton tonight:
The Wayans brother ghost from The 6th man?
RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr
Art is science made clear.
Hey all, two games this week: Wed, 9pm vs Vancouver Sat, 9:30pm vs Portland See you at McNally's!
oh no don't tell me that!
it's a wrap!!
Probable?
maybe.
Soon?
can't see it.
Let's keep an eye on it.
Can't count MS out I guess.
I was hoping today would bring better news.
The media are reporting 15 horses dead.
My friends are telling me 19.
My heart is in pieces.
Fishy in Miami: up 20 B9 Heath Bell gives up a 2B  2 singles  a run, no outs.
Gets pulled.
SFGiants tie it at 2, going extras.
What's all this lovey talk on Twitter this morning...
Lmao I Love You!
And I totally agree
Apologies  excuses, I hate them both.
Thanks everyone!
: makes DCstatehood presentation to gain support of ANC.
ANC2C Approves Unanimously!
Lot of birthdays at Ray Sands Glass today!
Wishing Mary Vaccarelli, John V Brooks and Rob Burns an awesome day!
Haha!
I can Imagine that!
Watching kill it on
Eggs rice and and baked salmon cakes!!!
m....
Love it!
Ugh, got up extra early to be 1st in line at the DMV  was told that I didn't need to be there in the 1st place, could have mailed in papers
hm never had it...ill def check it out!
thanks!
I get annoyed way too fast for my own good
doctorkul Vintage is offering 20 off all their purses, clothing, shoes and records with orange stickers on them.
TODAY ONLY.
11am7pm.
SMS Mobile Alerts special of the daySign up ur biz  get a 3pg mobile website, Really it's free and viewable on any webenabled device.
I know!
Haha!
Have you seen Fireproof and Flywheel too?
They are pretty great too
bout to snap off hard on this beat my boi sent me.this shits ham
Hey everyone it's christmas party tonight.
Make sure to head over then for a night cap head to Judge's
Welcome to the Seattle
How come girls who like hockey are always wierd looking?
Doesn't mean I wouldn't fuck them though.
Because trust me, I'd fuck them.
Thx for putting together the list.
I had been thinking about how Simon Sinek mentioned MLK, but hadn't seen the others talks
The Mask is one of my favorite movies.
Not much more to give.
Didn't really happen ;
I'm nice until you give me a reason not to be
Yeah That would be awesome.
thanks dude!
The Adjuster Trailer
I think I'll be moving my home office outside this morning!
National NPR show quot;From the Topquot; seeking local musicians...
Sacramento Bee
I dunno, when I was really into hip hop, there were only like 5 well known labels.
I just wanted dope records.
It's GoTDay!!!
I cannot wait to see Tyrion wise up to Cersei.
Entre specials tonight  Proprietor's Reserve  Seafood Chile relleno, bacon wrapped shrimp, surf  turf, ah tuna  plenty of vino
after the game 4 loss and bs penalty I woulda been heated.
Glad we pulled it out.
You out shoot them by that much your gotta win
Everybody always wants to ask for what they don't give.
Hmu talk to me people!!!
Lego.
Inbox me something ask me anything.
Tell me something you've always wanted to say.
It's whatever between us.
fuck you, bitch!
such a good movie!
Have you ever visited the Christmas Story House?
Hangin with a asian counterpart dottie!
doctorving me home, she so loco!
is outlining national LPC strat plan initiative, PTA funding, and Supporters launch on Council of Presidents call.
Fatigue can be the result of energy wasted on the unimportant.
Expend your energy on things that make a real difference.
So true!
RT : RT : A5:Like an empty bucket with a hole.
really?!
it's fate.
we should have a oneonone book club meeting!
Libya Let us combine our positive thoughts for the safety of FFs on the frontline of the revolution.
Let Tripoli be the V Party Place!
rocking the reef rocks in La Jolla, ah!!
its what keeping me awake at night...
The best part of Monday is the 3 hours of Family Guy on TBS.
Today is book writing day!
Working on chapter 8 of 12....
I can't wait for you to all read it!
:
Between the Mayans, Nostradamous and the rapture folks I'm gonna wait to pay off my credit card!
I love those salads I ate one while I was in San Francisco :D
where you cool ladies ?
Meetup tonite?
Or Monday?
LOVE!
your new Vegas store!!!
: use to shop when living in Cali  I so missed it!
OH GOD I KNOW WHAT THAT'S FROM IMNOW IT I VE HEARD IT
if I were to see Tycho live I would need my laptop so I could get some work done
Fun homecoming game at CasaRobleHighSchool last night.
Rams lost in the last second of the game!
I don't know that I would care.
Hodgeman's books are pretty agelessly goofy.
Listening to Gregoire Maret.
Looking forward to seeing him perform at the Atlanta Jazz Festival later this month.
You bet.
Free tomorrow or Friday after 11am.
Feel free to shoot me an email .
RT : Overheard today at astd2012 : The higher the presenter's degree, the worse their PowerPoint is.
Wateva I want I can't get it
Have you ever done a post on the Heat offensive play where Spoelstra taps his elbow?
So then we may seem to have armed ourselves with two shiny new concepts with which to crack the rib of Reality
Ask for free quotes, We will give you a free digital mock up of how your artwork will look like before ordering!
I guess Knicks fans finally see that Amare' and Melo cant play together
Release frustration wisely: Have angry sex.
Kentucky is playing like they're suppose to win the title!
Kansas is playing like they're just happy to be there!
UNCA members, watch your mail for 2011 membership renewal information.
Thanks for letting us support your work  here's to a great 2011.
No...
that's in November : Stryper!!!
I'm going to rock with the Jesus LOL
oh i get it now.
My brother, a surprisingly big Patrick Dempsey fan, recommended it.
Not really; looked at use of CC at libraries in VA and peer libraries, not nec.
in archives, and that convinced them
Thank you for the nice comment.
I look forward to sharing info with you.
: You can't make Aquarians want you unless they want you
rt your followers about a website promoting interfaith Unity?
dharmadeen.com/about
DancingWithTheStars is intense right now!
You go wild thing.

/c
Vote in our Rate The Music poll today!
We want to hear your thoughts on 's song I Do Not Hook Up on www.iheartmusic.com
What was wrong with the hack???
It could also be useful for scoping out graphics problems in long games like RPGs that have so much detail incorporated into the game
Holy Fuck.
They make the Mariners hitters look adept...what the fuck.
Pleasantly surprised today.
Oriental ramen really does taste like Oriental.
Hats off.
Absolutely , we're making it happen every month, this is the party now !!
cc.
Naylor?
I barely knew her!
RT : doctorw Naylor's first start in over a year...5IP 5ER for Reading
lol no the time i did get in a fight i lost : it was funny
Roller coaster lilfestyle
BackInElemantarySchool I would steal pencils
we just heard you were attacked.
Thank you for all the new goodies ; You really made my day3
I'm so hungry but I'm too lazy to get out of bed.
Let's hope that my mom passes by my room so I can tell her to make me something.
One more follower please
Boehner must be retarded, Holding Debt ceiling hostage made him look like a fool last year.
Here he goes again ;
My underwear has risen.
All praise to my penis.
I love my friends for coming out kast minute.
Fuck!!!!!
Hbd tome
U R Awesome...
fly robin fly...
fabu use of ballsofsteel !
produce some of the most original creative content you'll seeevery 6 days.
WeI love you Prom Queen!
the school sent me home :
my second tweet was microwaveable babies
At the tracks with the bros
So if FOX and NBC both mismanage smart comedies and ABC and CBS don't have any, where's someone like Dan Harmon to turn in the future?
FX?
Circus of a car accident at Vineland  Riverside.
Multiple lanes closed.
From the looks of it, somebody Tboned a police car.
New trio playing tonight in NYC.
Feat.
Jorge Roeder
got in at 7 this morning after finishing 2nd in the 5k Chinese event for 35k and change last night.
Avoid 805 at Telegraph Canyon.
Ax possibly fatal.
doctorve Safe SD!
no betting for me on this fight : Enjoy the show.
that's great!
Keep it up!
:
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Hi there!
Have a good day.
Your work is awesome.
Good night.
have you seen my Dear Maria video and are you going to Journeys BackyardBBQ ?
The most intense punishment for consuming coffee was being sewn into a leather bag  tossed alive into the sea.
please tweet us all that xzibit PowerPoint meme
Never, never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the wellbeing of a person or animal is at stake.
Only because of Kenny Powers do I have a tiny respect for
Need To See Soul Asylum Studios!
before you book?
...
Check out our websites for videos/pictures and music!..
Nice 3 random Greek player.
didn't realize they were starting on a power play.
Oh well.
I love hearing about nohitters.
I can't wait for the Mets to have one!
Oh and omg  these gummy worms
wake up bake up gotta get my cake up
you can't prove that
He still struck out two.
Lol.
Scout count: 29.
...
I'm still not sure where this ump's strikezone is.
Tiny.
Mario Chalmers folks, the real SUPERSTAR.
23pts playoff career high.
Some braces would look really nice on you.
Island Connex is actually changing our format!
It will look different in a couple of days  with more apps  things to do!
Yeah!
It's Wednesday!
OH MY GOSH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE GONE SERIES!!!!
WHEN WILL YOU PUBLISH PLAGUE??
will there b a movie 4 Gone?
May
That would require having complete access to those numbers...
Why is it that the one hit wonders are considered failures when their songs are usually the most remembered of the decade?
my roommate got snakes..
said he lowkey be gettin all the hoes wit em..
ima use his snakes n get some hoes myself lol
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity is a greater.
William Hazlitt
RT CROSS camp was awesome!
C u all next year!
aren't you coming home for easter?
RT : : Just wrapped 's video and WOW, they have such beautiful energy!
thanks: it was a...
Sounds great.
Let us know if you would like anyone else to go.
Should be really interesting to see everyone in one place.
eat n' park for breakfast after ortho for le knee....
Skipping global all together today..since everyone knows i hate that class:
KOAA 5 A new study shows people may lie more when text messaging.
That study was done out of Wichita Kansas.
What do you think?
Have you...
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
Good morning gorgeous...RT : Good morning
knicks will never win big road games with D'Antoni as the coach.
Sitting Melo in the 4th quarter of a close mustwin game?
LECRAE HATES POLISH PEOPLE RT : Was invited to hang out with some major hip hop artists but I don't do establishments with poles
that was pretty good.
That girl loves the Pack.
If you could know the moment you meet your true love, would you want to?
That's the question asked by Timer Tribeca Film Festival.
5 stars!
Check again.
it's fixed
turning up my music and gonna finish strong
RT : Q for  do any publishers supply a code with a physical book so you can read and eread it?
Good Q.
Panties covers TWO things dumbass!!
didn't realize such a small word could have so many syllables.
I like Lily.
just found out about bread pudding french toast.
that sounds like something they serve in heaven.
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself.
So always think positively
This Flyers/Penguins game is FIRE!
Philly ties it after falling behind 30 early on.
Yeah, it's playoff time!
Rihanna, Chris Brown Twitter Diss: Singer UnFollows Ex After He Blasts Her on New Song
Happy birthday, Aron.
Are you a packers reporter or fan?
When i finally think i'm over you, you have to do something that doctorws me back in.
ChobotKnows That mix can also create diarrhea.
hm.
chocolate sommelier.
Not loving it!
Yawn and back in the room
Thx for judging AND for the nerf gun: both very awesome!
: Awesome hanging out and judging innovation projects
Another beautiful Sunday, another beautiful game of basketball..great workout!
I love this game
Thanks for sharing this!
yay!!
I'm excited!!
Merci : Follow back ?
Picking up tracks from the studio.
ya mama jp
Instead of thankful my dad said thankul lol
It's All About You is now on twitter follow us here please RT
Oh man, it's a long walk to the space needle from
if you think you know something, then you don't know it the way you supposed to know it....
don't I know it.
I'm still gonna harvest your eyeballs.
May's off to a crappy start

Just wishing things could go back to normal ...
First lunch in new house.
Openfaced tuna bagel with Monterey jack..
After an hour putting up shelf liners, tastes EXTRA good.
Face down in the dirt, she said this doesn't hurt, she said I finally had enough.
One hell of an article!
Nice work!
No!
I'm bouta get on there
school is NOT cool!
Blehhhhhh
tell your play by play guy its hahmess...Joe Hammes
follow me please?
:
Exactly.
There's no reason for Hammer and Vanko to be 2 characters  making them so creates more problems than it solves.
Visited El Gaucho in Bellevue last week.
Perfect place to celebrate my birthday.
Nice to be welcomed back by GM David Scherling.
We hope you had fun bowling with us!
We're big fans of  Happy Holidays!
: Follow back please?
3
Pretty sure I need some partners for some Modern Warfare 3 on Xbox LIVE right about now...
Who's coming with me?
Gamertag: BluePhaze 24x7
Broncos apologized to 49ers for filming a practise
how can you have such a Christlike brother and be such a misguided bookreading liberal yourself?
ugh
If u ain't fuckin I gets doctorpped off
Looking good!
I've read some shitty compilations of yearend lists from for a while now, but that was by far the shittiest.
I don't count dogs  cats.
Just go for the pan dulce.
You'll be fine.
;
idk man.
I'll play it but I'm not buying that shit.
I bought the last one and played for about a month.
When neighbors ask you 4 deets about new owners, share basic info but not too many details, esp if there are kids involved.
They will meet.
but why ?
He's so precious and Sexy!!
Hi  I work for  we would love to have you speak at our monthly event BursonSocialHour!
DM me for details.
I sense that men's hats are making a comeback.
2011 is ending, send this to 15 people that you don't want to lose in 2012 if you receive at least 7,you are a dear person 
I really need to get the in progress pics of my recent works off of my camera
i want one
: Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer.
HA
text CHAMBERS to 22828 or sign up at www.chamberssf.com for exclusive invites and more info on our Sunday Summer Series
take care and feel better soon
or a fuck from Pacquiao?
: do you think you could survive a punch in the face from Pacquiao?
yea let me know if u find somethin, cuz I didn't...
Koven and I tried to preview it but couldn't finish due to meetings.
:
You want me to do something...
tell me I can't do it.
Maya Angelou
Just turned off the useless wiprimary hashtag.
I'm sticking with madvote.
Let's do it again in a month!
break a leg
RT : If you are  a Disney park this weekend, grab yourself a Cutesters Too Vinylmation!
Brand new, all Maria Clapsis originals!
Love spent, feeling love spent,yeah I'm love spent, wondering where the love went.....
If this continues, you will really lose me.
Fine and you??
Im thinkin bout tonite , what am i doing tonite
Baby, shut your mouth and turn me inside out.
tell ur dad we are ready for.the BBQ offerings
I'm going to sleep now.
I wanna see OT but that's just my opinion
follow please babe xx
idk maybe.
I'll check in the morning.
:P it's not like it matters though.
You don't have to hand it in!!
XD
RT RT It's A Boring Ass Saturday.
Maryland fb uniforms look like a NASCAR, there's no place for that in cfb
Woke up at 12.
Can barely keep my eyes open
What ups Rose, are you still writing?
My ringtone is still the Crispy Chicken cover version.
I'm colored jonesin' outta style that fast.
i voted!!!!!
and i will boat tomorrow too!!!!
333
sure.
You're just so sweet Michael.
Haha.
it's a wii that keeps giving a disc can't be read error.
Of some sort.
Here we go barca!
oh yeah!!!!!
Hahahaha what would she say??
Someone should come procrastinate with me on campus.
Im bored
you have a nice butt, just sayin...
;
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for nonprofessorts because we need to help the animals
Ichiro with a single.
How many times have u heard that before?
RT RT : After the documentary, the room was speechless in the General President's suite
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake  you cant learn anything from being perfect.
Adam Osborne
One mile to every inch.
Your skin like porcelain.
One pair of candy lips and your bubblegum tongue.
Only the best day of my life ....
Come on DallasCowboys need a great halftime motivational speech!
In some ways it still feels like segregation now, segregation forever in this great land of ours..
Oh my gosh!
That's minutes of fun for Lucy!
: Adding to the proiPad column.
Huguely attorney: we have evidence the couple was friendly two days before Love's death.
it sucked wasn't worth watching just a heads up lol
A whole lecture on Twitter and Facebook...
Highly recommend that exhibit.
Fascinating to see how much worse/better D.C.
could have been.
gotta love it.
we do try.
I have an admin that emails TNT letters, but some get missed.
.
holisticmoms Oh, yeah, I forgot about empty room fears.
Going down the dark basement steps by yourself?
Still scary.
Looking for a Site Catalyst expert in San Diego for a fulltime position at Active Network.
I used to be use to but i never got use to being what i use to
I finished 'The Walking Dead' season 1 rental on bluray.
Hopefully soon will have season 2 as well.
Awesome show!
Your pathetic  your a hoe.
Ctfu
Omg where is the sun!
Come on LA I live here for a reason!
Lmfao at making up Algebra quizzes..
ull get smoked john
Aye u can come on Saturday again homie
I love my job!
I love my job!
I love my job!
I love my job!
I love my job!
/:
best trending thing is Word : 3
Suzie Thx for the follow.
Good luck with your career.
U might like R live online casting director/agent workshops.
Best
Just added a new dessert to our menu, Lucuma Tiramisu aka Lucumisu
Atta Boy Indiana Pacers
Thank you!
RT : mother's day FF to women who support childoctorn
Witnessed hitrun on Bryant  Second.
Pedestrian injured.
Vehicle, a white truck, took off east on Bryant.
Police at the scene.
I just put the link up on my professorle.
Thank you for the help
had a good day thanks to you.
Your the best baby.
I
u must be trippin why u hating
You are no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.Galatians 4:7
That's from all those crab legs and garlic butter, blueyze!
That's what you get for now saving me some!
LOL
Nelta is over...
Can't say I'm not happy to hear that.
:
Hey cvillersmy band gold spur is playing for free tonight 930pm at the pigeon hole on elliewood
You do not have learn to how to sin.
You have to learn how to be righteous
!!
and I missed u this am!
Need you back in our lives ASAP!
Xo
IWillAlwaysLove CLASSIC ARTIST'S..
Seems like a PULSE kind of day!!
: sexyboywithgorgeousblueeyes :P
let me guess...
its bob matthews?
nope.
I dont have one either...
we should!!!
lets go!!!
I actually want to go
Thanks for the suggestion!
We'll check into him.
Anything else, feel free to email.
cajuns don't eat at bistros
if you follow me I think it would my week :
Haha!!
Love it!
updating the ZimboFilms wordpress site with new production pictures, as well as the synopsis and trailer of our new film.
Shut the fudge up.
You little asstronaut.
What the helicopters are u doing?
You son of a batch of cookies!
That's how you cuss a kid out.
Don't wanna go school
Absolutely  especially by train!
RT : kidlitchat I travel when possible.
Anybody in paragould wanna chill tonight?
It's five in the morning which means the composition deadline for 24HOP is in ONE HOUR...it's going to be a rush to the finish!!!
Google chrome I think these font issues you are having are pushing us apart...I think we should take a break from each other, sorry :
its worse when I have to doctorve to your house from my house...
Haha
well, you know what they say: you can pick your friends but you can't pick your kardashians.
RT DO YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE MORE PRODUCTIVE THAN TYING YOUR STOMACH.
A HEALTHY DIET AND EXERCISE.
YOU STUPID FUCKERS.
Even badasses have feelings so don't f with them : 
It's disgustingly hot inside my house.
I am doing great sugar.
How is life in bogota?
m/
RT : Follow our friends at !
We have a great deal with them on the horizon for a guided electric bike tour!...
Independent sales professorssionals needed for merchant services brokerage.
email resume to
At my age, the road to the ultimate orgasm requires a check LOL
I'll keep you guys posted as I continue to make progress!!!!
Those Corvids are all smart!
I'm not overweight but I don't look like you.
I'm going to lose weight this summer, I'm excited about it.
well we'll just get some extra practice to get ready to kick your ass next week : see you then!
Main event starting now!!
11millionbarbz Im One
Justice Kennedy: That changes the relationship of the individual to the federal government.
pretty sure most of the people there do not live there.
In college I lived on university ave not sure what I could do to stop it
I'm with you there.
I guess I'll have to go with the Devils in the East.
I have a lot of dislike for the Rangers crying.
Some of the tweets didn't show on chat.
Doing good.
Don't spend a lot of time on twitter lately.
Couldn't miss Goodnites, tho
Totally and utterly addicted to white cheddar puffs from Trader Joe's
Nope.
Just tired.
Lol.
But I have to take a shower  everything.
FML.
x
Happy Nurses Week!
Nursing encompasses an art, a humanistic orientation, a feeling for the value of the individual, and an intuitive...
Get your ass out of here!
Haha
at the Neighborhood Law Clinic session
sunny winters, metal splinters, outside centers,exit enters
speed typing is very possible on the iPad.
I'm touch typing at 65 wpm.
Our typing trainer app certainly helped.
that's my neck of the woods.
Have fun my brother!
My personality!
She is so doable!.
My mom knows better not to make any plans on thursday bc it's 's blog tv day :
I'm gone beyond repair
This kids are such brats.
DS: LMAO MLB is voiding the Orioles' signing of the 17year old Korean pitcher.
If they could void Peter Angelos' life I'd be fucking PUMPED
In the past week, we received 2 calls for help.
We were found on the first page of Google for Senior Services!!
GOD is good.
I love hiking and taking long bicycle rides during the summer.
What is ur favorite time of yr to be active outdoors and what do u like 2 do?
Gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment, oh well text me :
wheres my phone?
dude its in your pocket man.
oh yeah.
ugh ghetto kids that evolve into ghetto people  the reason the economy sucks.
StudioLife Working hard
maybe my retweet will help boost your followers :
Thanks!
Always nice to have more pix!
soo pretty much...
your amazing.
That player shit how old are u?
Grow TF up
Before 2012 I Want To FOllow ME 3 :'
At the Childish Gamino concert!!!!!!
Firefly
SYTYCD is all the better with on the panel.
Just watched Wed's episode.
GardenGnome to GardenGnome killed me!
RT RT : African American women make 62 cents to the white male dollar, at a loss of 19,575 per year.
You get what I'm saying?
Do you dofollow me?
Well...I tried alcohol detox for 45 days and I blew it last night.
Hard.
I might be dyingheh.
It would be catch22 for me.
I'd use my spent coffee grounds to brew me a cup before going out to by coffee to brew a cup.
Bout 2 bust heads on dese bones
I very rarely check the DMs on twitter sorry my bad...We are also on FB at Central CA CLUW if you would like to learn more :
Spring break is way to short
I can't explain why I'm on a trolley; I won't explain why my hands and feet are covered in glue.
Sum things r really amazing 2 me
His legs are like peanut butter, easy to spread!
Whoops, make that !
Phillies turning corner???
This weekend will tell.
panera dinner with a longlost friend...hopefully this ends well.
like father like son!
yea we got a Label NVMe.Ent we did a show last night opening 4 pyrexx he wit ABN
oh, believe me, I don't care.
It's the thing that gets keyed on in Twitter war.
It was an attempted handlebar, yes.
Pleased Sanitation picked up all the liquor bottles  I set out for recycling.
Benefit: less trash being dumped on Hollins St.
By myself all day , again, fucking great.
I'll have it :
Damn WE IS THROWING SEVEN YEARS OF FRIENDSHIP AWAY
congrats on your new ABQ location.
Say hi to Thomas for me.
Can't wait for my Lumpy burger!
I still need to do my hw so I'm staying up Goodnight to you guys!
Love ya guys too!
3
the mclaughlin group could really benefit from the introduction of a talking stick
Do you have a example of a page you like so I can have a clear vision of exactly what your looking for.
np charlie brown
you must!
happy mother's day to my mom and everyone else mom
I appreciated your walk of win on ATH today.
I was trying to figure out if the people behind you were actually real.
Thanks for following!
Jess Greenwood: Heineken's multidevice strategy.
The game on your mobile device is linked to the soccer game running on TV.
like my arms when we was doing dem pushups
is Scott Peoli able to find a coach that can do this because I don't think he can
shopping till I doctorp today in Florence.
About to spend way too much money.
Rule 5, you're an idiot
thanks for the tips!
I'll let you know how it goes.
leaving dubai for next time...
Cool RT : EarthWeek  did you know Ingles recycles cooking oil?
I just saw a guy getting frisked on the side of the road.
Haha someone's having a shitty day.
Thanks for the retweet
You claim to not be gay yet you care about your looks as much as I do.......
i think the burning plain looks pretty good, if i may
If you held 8 roses in front of a mirror, you would see 9 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Some people really do baffle me.
May 28th!
And don't worry, I've been slowing down on them as well because of work and school.
RT: I always say I'm going to sleep but then I end up listening to music for hours lol ilovecountrymusic Addicted..me too!
Thanks!
How's the weather in Charleston?
Coming your way in several weeks!
Fun night tonight, that In N out burger just hit the spot though!
u were pleasure to watch on floor great rookie yr did u give to stiemsma
West Baltimore
This rap shit these nighas ain't about it
cannot wait release our new stuff to you guys : and, as an added bonus, the new EP will be 100 free.
get stoked!!
low lives with computers
for RT and the follow.
It's a bit doctor at parts and mind numbing to say the least.
But it's incredible.
It's about quantum physics and existentialism.
have fun at prom!!!
OMG WERE THEY GOOD
worldpeace just punched a dude..
now the crowd is chanting 'world peace'
Park Ridge Community Calendar for the week of May 10, 2012
I'll probably watch it.
Been busy today getting ready for my graduation and the reception that I'm having tomorrow.
Excited!
I know!
It's so weird.
Who knew that US men could kick butt in Nordic Combined?
Not me.
the sickness goes in new, fun directions!
Higher fever, headache.
Not so much of the vomiting, though!
hey hey!
what is up!?
Amazing how many people have tried to do project management and time tracking systems and yet no one has gotten it right.
Lmao wow oka i like the new Brodus Clay xD now time to watch CM Punk kick some ass !!
Why does ebook conversion have to be so wonky?
Geesh.
: thanks for the MT friend!!!
Help us ninja!!!
Did you end up setting up a GoogDoc for Playing Doing History ?
I have some notes to add
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked
mister Rally Killer great job Barajas
even more so is the fact I have very little personal interest in the issue.
Might make sense if classrooms were not overcrowded.
Damn!
I'm pastey!
The best way to gain selfconfidence is to do what you are afraid to do.
Author Unknown
Thinking about starting an ARTreach Do you know of any good kidfriendly craft boards to follow?
Damn fire doctorll scared the shit out of me
Kinda excited for school...I'm sure that will change by the time morning actually comes!
Gratitude for the RTs!
Although...
Jessica and Joshua as the two finalists would be quite a finale!!!
Or Jessica and Hollie.
Wait a minute.
Was that gueststarring in an APTwit2.4 final video today?
Welcome to 1Direction academy!
I'm ur doctorma teacher misterTomlinson or misterTommo.
No sponsors this week, but feel free to bring nachos for the group.
slightly considering skipping Defending the Gate.
No riders, expensive gas.
Interested parties: talk me into going.
Yes!
Do not ask me to video edit or CAD on an iPad ...
Frustrated I would be!
Tampa Rays ML 125 take that to the bank!
Creating a New Racial Order edited by Jennifer L.
Hochschild F'00 et al now available from
Deja vu!
doctor Ken CavenderBares keynote reminds me of my last library job interview presentation on Grand Challenges :
so proud that is bring good amd new people to our fair city.
Good luck too all running especially
Boca BeerFest next Fri.
night!
100 beers wine.
See Audio Heist, The Ever After,  A New Way To Live Forever.
Get ur tix now.
Maybe if you were nicer to the lunch ladies, they wouldn't be assholes...
You assholes.
I feel it..I've been laying downs a few lines here and there lol def gotta get u on some stuff in the near future!
Netflix what happen to my Instant queue?
Anyone else having that problem?
I'm going to go deaf dealing with him lol
Can't sleep :/
I hate doing study guides ..
RT : RT : Lead from within.
Open your heart a little.
The light within waits to change the world.
Great panel for discussion on using social media to doctorve lead gen  looking forward to learning their POVs.
oh snap!
ok leaving my office now...
Enjoyed myself at mizzou today
ha!
I have a habit of picking the ugliest pumpkin I can find.
Its like charlie brown's xmas tree for me
I'd offer you breakfast, but you didn't make any.
Can't believe people still fear library automation as a job killer.
In my library it creates more work not less!
How are we late if you guys were at lunch?????
WTFF!
I'm so pissed off right now.
First it was basketball, now I Can't do Volley Ball.
Working Group ReportOuts.
Education: Ledermans still need to work on definitions and to focus on the purpose of the integration
My Favorite RappersBeastie Boys, Eminem.
White Boys got skills.
Zodiac and Shoes  If The Shoe Doesn39;t Fit
Good Morning  :
ICONicBoyzOnEllen trend it ICONiacz DO IT !!!!!!
BE ICONic !!!yeah buddy!
When your team loses, you can't watch ESPN for at least 24 hours man.
Fuck.
That's it.
I am buying the Pastorkids a copy of Reign in Blood.
When the ONLY person that thinks you look good is YOU, just smile and tell everyone else, that's all I need.
Yes its awful blasted boring!
voice
George Lamond Bad of the Heart
I'm already escaping with a good, long book, Adoctorana Trigiani's The Shoemaker's Wife.
Nice to follow/meet you.
I've been tracking the calories I eat the last 2 days and they almost always make it under 1000/day and I'm eating normally.
you better teach him some respect
Touching down in Beaumont for some steaks.
Hitting downtown Houston tonight.
Yep.
But then that's true of most of coastal FL!
Cleveland let the Royals win?!?!?!
BURN THE RIVER!!!
Those Text Messages That You NEVER Want To Erase 
in order to get the other prize you need to get more people to follow me...
okay.
Nowhere  ABSOLUTELY NOWHERE  will ever touch Richmond, VA.
it's nutritious, it's just not posted
Hi everyone.
Is there a topic tonight?
I'm watching the movie.
Obvi.

yes it was
Board now considering Imagine Schools.
Department recommends that charters be revoked for all charters.
First day of PAX East is complete!
Looking forward to doing it all over again tomorrow.
oh dang that stinks!
I HATE SHOTS.
Where hopefulness becomes a habit, happiness will follow.
NVP
There are racial divisions in Richmond that have yet to be overcome/healed
: Finals period has got me wanting to say the Nword.
I dont know what that means.
Maybe someone else can sympathize um no
Orlando is always busy...
lol
I can't recall which formulation is suggested, but all tbill trading bakesin market's guess abt inflation.
I average 2ish on Thursdays.
I play in a rec league until about 10 and come home and try and sleep for work at 5.
Oh, I so need a glass of wine tonight.
No, not glass.
Bottle.
how long is it 45 min or an hour?
So the guy came and got his phone ha.
I've watched the hangover 100 times and I still can't stop laughing!.
ITS 56 DEGREES HERE STILL IN MESA BUT IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S GONNA RAIN FOR THE NEXT 3 DAYS NONSTOP WITCH IS WEIRD
I'm not enjoying the all or nothing offense this year.
Who WASN'T nominated for Golden Globe?
Justin Timberlake for Social Network and Megamind for best animated Feature Film.
Boo!
rum, bourbon, whiskey, and scotch with sweet vermouth and cherry.
thanks love!
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Amy Tan
Watchin me some
Is there a mechanism by which Ia noncustomercan easily pay for the renewal of someone else's redemptionperiod domain?
49 Minutes till Christmas.:
apparently!
Now I'm left all alone by myself 
Note to self: next time you go to pick items of questionable freshness out of your sandwich, think twice about eating it at all.
still sick
I totally deserve that ;
Putting sponsorship agreements together
I failed Math so many times I can't even count.
I 2nd Bill Cunningham and Tucker and Dale vs.
Evil.
a woman I met recently wanted to guess my occupation.
I told her it starts with A and she would never get it
: Manny Acta stated today that Jack Hannahan is day to day with lower back tightness.
Felt it Sunday in Fenway ugh
Some big things on the horizon for my other band, Sound of Cancer!
Stay tuned peeps : You may be seeing a lot more of us here soon!

Awesome news, congratulations!
thanku...it is appreciated...
Rollie Fingers just stopped us and asked us how the pedal tavern works.
NO!
I HATE THEM
very ....
allot of political pressure
Let the madness begin!!!
Go Lobos!!!
you are tweeting so much it's making me want to unfollow you
idk ha sure
She say shit gone catch up wit me...we'll Ill keep toilet paper wit me!!
Steve Blake obviously learned a lot from Fisher  that is come thru in crunch time when needed yeaahhhhhhhhh boyeeeeeeeeeee!!!
There are only three certainties in life: death, taxes, and Guitar Center is having a sale this weekend.
fuck yeah jack and alex on punk'd!
QUOTE OF THE DAY Missing a short putt does not mean you have to hit your next doctorve out of bounds.
Henry Cotton So true!!!
Baseball is about to start!
Namely, my mother.
Our needs to come visit us more often cause her mentions are going through the roof!
Your pastor will tell you Bitch ya single till ya married , stop ya blood clot crying over his ass ,you don't want the same shit.
NEXT!
lol, makes two of us!!
Elite Eight baby!
That's a terrible turnover.
I don't get it  why did you not take the day off to be here?
Cubs.
Wrigley.
Opening Day.
A certain beer.
Not to be missed!
Coach class is nothing like business class; sometimes its worth paying to upgrade.smh
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack.
Wayne Lukas
LOYAL females 
I love that movie.
excited to start tweeting!
i remember one he should've had that was a crazy game
Ftw is a little harsh but it wouldn't hurt to make her cum once in a while.
booked it!
Game On!
USTA tennis match tonight, great sport!
Hydoctorte  safe peanutfree fuel!
Good morning.
Deep rich Colombian  House blend brewed this morning.
Baking cookies and the shop smells great!
The medium John Rogers  7pm.
it's about to get fun.
When starters are hurt or ineffective, Ron is really good at using his bench
Nothings better than finding out that your ex has a new girlfriend that absolutely looks like a model
doctorp it to the floor, Make that ass shake.
Woah make the ground move, thats an ass quake.
Thanks for the RT!
We LOVE
I need plans for tonight!
I was an officer.
I don't consider it an insult.
;
did you?
Can't wait to give my mom her presents tomorrow
Awesome!
Thanks!
We're hoping to do a summer webinar series on apps, with this being the first.
Happy happy, joy joy!
thank you.
I like that one a lot.
pretty shitty.
I'm tired and didn't do any of my homework haha.
how bout you?
super yum!
turkey kabobs, cauliflower and some fish sticks just to clean out some leftovers :
Thank God For Another Day
preach sister!
Not happy with being traded.
And CP3 becoming a Laker.
Apparently Smash  Glee fsns discovered something this week some of us knew all along: Smash  Glee suck.
THAT GROWN MAN SHT ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS  ROCK SMITH !!
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Hi mate!
watch on my site littleliarsorg,latest Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100
Oh how I love early call times.
Well, this is exciting: Your manuscript will be reviewed and you will be notified of our decision within 812 weeks
Motorcycle vs Toyota Tacoma on SB ramp to I205 from JCB
we have confirmed  have invited hoping they can come!
congrats on your first half marathon !
Empowering youth...inspiring bravery...
aw thanks!
me and o are besties now.
i thought she'd let me be on the cover, but apparently we're not as close as i thought.
Ladies night tonight!!
5 Three Olives Vodka and 3 wine...
Just 2 more hours until the event today.
I'm taking some time to do 1 more run through  some kickboxing to get fired up!
See you there!
bubba!
Bubba !
Bubba!
Could Phil possibly do any more fist pumps?
1 is enough, 2 is playing to the patrons, 3 is obnoxious.
I'm sleeping through the day, I'm trying not to fade....
SING IT WITH ME BRAH!!!
;D
Great Meeting with today.
So smart and ubber talented!
I still have no problem with the secret service whorehouse fiasco.
I just hope they call the whole thing WhoreGate
Happy birthday beautiful
Thanks Beau!
Happy
and because the movement is decentralized it is truly democratic.
It's an interesting social experiment nonetheless.
Interesting.
now you're calling me stupid?
Classy.
dentist before practice...
text me!!!!!
Like now
Just caved and cracked open an energy doctornk.
Far too early.
HAHAH I'm SHARY I blacked out
30 minutes.
I can't really wait any longer!
Punk'd just is not the same without Ashton Kutcher..
i know man, Im excited!
You ever see someone and think to yourself  man he/she looks like a murderer?!
I think I'm the only one
Prayerless people are carnal people.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
Finishing assignment 6 early has allowed me to lay around and watch the Law  Order: SVU marathon all afternoon...
:D
Need a women's cruiser for the summertime?
Check out www.dealshow.com right now!
Cant fall asleep...
Oh yes, God has been good today!
I just slept 11 hrs.
Trying to shake off the bruisecruise .
My bed is still rocking like a boat though.
Need to get my land legs back ASAP.
David DeCastro will be the Starting Left Guard for
Classes begin next week.
Looking forward to reconnecting with everyone.
Np  Frank ocean ;
blogchat Nicely put  if the blog is authentic and informative, the right audience will come repeatedly.
Plus his general disposition  the table is ssseeexxxyyy
Too many of my bad doctorams involve bears.
This book is going to stun the world.
Right after it's done beating the crap out of me.
giggle
When it is good to have 2 tvs in the house Downton Abbey vs Giants playoff game
I hate reviewing in class.
It reminds me just how screwed i am for the test.
hahahaha finally someone says this!
What if Nicki Minaj just said EFF IT, and did a triple release of Automatic, Pound the Alarm,  Whip It.
songs of the summer?!
KABAM
I thank God for friends who will doctorp everything and help you when you need it.
I hope to be that kind of friend too.
aka Dale Flattum, ultra/infradesigner, ex Steel Pool Bathtub, Milk Cult, etc only has 64 followers?
Bad Twitter.
FOLLOW!
The one person I'd never have thought would give into her eyes..
Does everyday.
stone roses ftw, always.
What I mean by moms?
my blood mom  3
The TwoUnionSq team perfectly executes stellar c.
service even when the line is endless.
Well done.
Happy birthday babe :
and to answer your question, probably not.
Laziest day's i've had in a while !
Love it !
People need to get off Claude Julien's butt...
one blitz of goals decided this game...
It's game one, though.
Long way to go.
New on HAL: Librarian from Spain looking for English childoctorn's books to buy.
I celebrate that the orchid my husband gave me for Valentine's is still alive.
And that my husband gives me orchids.
Good morning to you too king...bless up :
Have fun and get mad skillz for the both of us!
sorry, it happens.
;
put the pic of you and alex as your professorle pic
Yippee..I'm on Spotify..more tracks coming soon ::
Shout out to my green goblins
Well, that can't happen.
The flyers bang chicks, not each other.
We're not the pens.
never thought u would read
I see 11 wins no problemo
Chad you'd fit right in.
LOL
I already know who I'm hiring for my wedding for music.
I told my mom.
You're not alone.....It happens to me alot too.
:
SO FUCKING BORING who wants to burn?
I will try the Cinnamon Tingle.
Great tip!
Now I need to learn the how :
my shower .
Skyrim is overrated definitely
Anyone have a recommendation for a caterer in Austin?
We're thinking about working with one for our 2yr anniversary party.
dr
Today's lesson: Don't call ugly in the presence of myself, , or
Thanks for the link :
that's good!!
lol
oh shit u watch boardwalk empire see I knew u was a gangsta Bitch aha Judi got her Ass beat!!!!
The worst thing to hear when on hold: There are zero callers ahead of you.
then why am I waiting?
Is that music in hear in TheAmazingSpiderman trailer?
Love the aggressive base running by the Brewers today!
n the textbook and off the internet!
it's true
how are things bro?
What you up to these days?
Responded to FIRE  1123 Ave K, Brooklyn, NY 11230 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Put my popsicle in the microwave, cause YOLO!
Just got the kindlefire.
I'm a fan so far.
did u hear thunder?
: I gotta say, now that Ive heard You Want It All, it's now my fave song over Humbled
RT RT : RT :  Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
Schopenhauer
Nomad live tonight at Kinky Star, Ghent.
9 pm.
Fun!
thank you very much!
So bummed about this Packers game right now, feel like I'm having a bad doctoram!
So fake.
She's really a 67 dude from Dubuque.
I'm literally the best egg tosser.
Undefeated since Nam.
haha i know you're lying, but ima take your word!
I think that's a testament to how bad GM/owner Jerry Jones is at the game of football or anything involved with it.
Amazing Valentines Day3
i'm coughing, too.
been sick for a week now:
Open bar FTW!
Enjoy.
I'm golfing this afternoon and then it's soccer games and yard work this weekend.
The bell doesnt dismiss you.
Then it dosent tell me when to arrive either.
Go get'em with the new biz, Matt.
Happy New Year!
Attn: CapHillDC!
NavyYard peeps: don't forget that Potbelly opened today in  new lunch option!
After the season  3 more games
Is it weird that I have a deepseated, longstanding love for Corinne Bohrer and her actingcareer survivalism?
yeah, same here!!
I have a new cubicle neighbor who is typing really loudly and listening to music over speakers instead of headphones, great...
OMG!!!!
Let's go tonight and watch the stars!!!!
: RT : thank you so much for the FF!
have an awesome weekend RT
he Pisses me off.
He cheated on his gf with like four girls and claims he will have her back and she's just being bipolar ..
I'm a fan of the Memphis Grizzlies.
Zachary Randolph is set to return against the Lakers.
Will Memphis make a deep run in the playoffs?
I will never not dance to Tainted Love when it comes on.
I feel like  would understand.
My daughter is in a competition to win a sewing machine, pls take a moment and visit this link...if you like her work pls vote for her, Than
Meeting today about designing sustainable farm hand housing in the Hudson Valley.
I just found the information about the bulk accounts, thanks :
why do some people argue with other people about facebook being better than twitter.
personally i think twitter is better.
It is like watching paint doctor.
Please find a veteran or a soldier this weekend, and shake his or her hand.
Too many unforced turnovers
leave my class room please i can smell you from here !
Working on my minimarathon playlist tonight.
Any song recommendations?
Mhmm , ...
Fake Ass Too Much For Herself
ill miss you3
Wishing  the best in 2012!
Adam
i just made it through the sensabough tunnel!
success!
yay can't wait!
Lol 3 was it fun working with nick Mara?
whenever they let her out of the dungeon.
You know it.
Is there a site to submit Lil'est Keenan names?
Ankiel vs.
Savery  the expitcher vs.
exhitter
I'm all for protecting the QB but the personal fouls for late hits/ unnecessary roughness have gotten ridiculous.
Gingras: Journalists need new methods, forms  tools  but most of all, commitment passion  creativity.
Me: JSchools need to act!
SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U.
Can your storage do that?
whitepaper Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
true dat, another loss :
this team will lose 80/90 games without better hitters.
Either management needs to step up or enjoy losing.
RFT: Long nights with no one to talk too 
I happy heart them too!
Thanks so much, and thanks for the follow!
Whatever you believe you can do, begint it.
Boldness has genius, power  magic in it.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
Awesome.
: That's right up there with a friend of mine who claims that Swedish is the language of the future!
It's time to risk everything again.
Your mother was an amazing women, whos legacy continues to inspire me  others to get involved with Special Olympics.
Now running to the store lol Smh
Expenses: plane 509, cabs 57, food 35.
Will play 1 or 2 single table satellites at Rio tonight.
Single tables all day tomorrow also.
Passing through New Jersey, the hairy armpit of the USA.
Thanks for this just signed up, will do this with my family!
Ya could set a full round of doctornks on that booty
Well id prefer we kept it on the same page
Filming Street Vibes in Reno NV.
The owner of the local cigar bar is still running for sheriff in Carson NV.
Wine Riot!
I think nfl network needs to turn this in a movieoftheweek When 2 QBs passed TDs
iMold: Steve Jobs current physical state.
Getting ready for work
Whoever feels like telling their friends to follow and that their music is free for download at www.blasesplee.com is amazing3
Production commences today of our new rebranded products!
Glad you're enjoying the festivities!
RT : downtownemployeeappreciation at Red Arrow!
Thanks guys
On front rail for my morning jacket jazzfest show!
Actually tweet your followers back.
Wow.
Famous people actually do use their accounts.
good line ?: Judge each day not by it's harvest, but by the seeds you plant foodforthought
In StarBucks!!!
If homeboy walk away from his MACBOOK PRO one more time, he gonna come up short.
I'm just saying!!!
J/KbutSlightlySerious
Our Winds, your Sails
dont get too cocky, now.
;
thanks for the follow
on my mama
You're ruining my Utopian fantasy.
Haha.
FWD: : How awesome that World Book Night has goal of giving away a million free paperbacks on April 23!
Volunteers can sign ...
I respect that
I'm looking for a great Wordpress Blog tutorial....Anyone have any ideas.
I have a whole new respect for quilters...all that cutting and angles.
Sew hard.
Finally seriously restarting work on my longoverdue, nonlibraryrelated research project.
BTW, CiteULike is awesome.
I spent the night alone watching Law and Order...usual Friday :/
Did Metta Just Take A Hit of Koolaid?
Love your designs
Got to the bit about entropy in The Informationnow get both what you were trying to convey and why it's counterintuitive.
I would like a video game to replicate the experience of doctorving 65mph in heavy traffic and only letting you win when you don't crash.
AMEN to that!
Sick of receiving bad news after bad news especially now!
This is supposed to be Thanksgiving wknd?
Ughh 1 of those times when you say FML.
On relax mode.
Thanks That's nice to hear from you, guru of all things messed up with property taxes.
And thanks for the list.
I am at the Especially Me conference  loving it 3
I will bring the 'I love Dinosaurs' teeshirts tomorrow, so if you want one bring 5 because this friday is definitely Dinosaur Friday!!
Just interviewed Tory Burch for TheFashionWalk.com!
Amy Salinger
RT : All in favor of flipping the pillow to enjoy the cooler side....RT
The sun is out in Ohio  just in time for a road trip to kipcamp !
Looking forward to seeing and a great conversation 2nite!
Name wrong Continued from last tweet!
They act like they've liked tem 4ever but they haven't.
We are doing upgrades this weekend!
Bigger and Better site coming soon...
Just saw the movie Red Tails.
Amazing!!
Who's seen it?
What did you think?
Hey girl.
Opening reception for the summer shows on Thursday, 68pm if you swing that way.
Fine Art Event: 100 Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each  Daily painting 38 is finished!
www.timhovde.com
iLove You To!!
how bad is the 10 torn up??
ThoughtsAtAHouseParty where's the music?
Haha
I Don't Like Joshua...
Don't Know Why.
I Just Don't.
Get on the bus, get on the road to equality.
Huge debt of gratitude goes out to for yet another donation.
We can't thank you enough!
Our reigning AIR MARSHAL!
: just heard you and on kiss.
That is awesome.
Song was sick.
Keep doing your thing guys.
much love!!!
Completed my first screencast today and it turned out better than expected although I still hate to hear my recorded voice!
: We're too young for relationships.
Where are the friends with benefits at?
:
So many May 7 birthdays.
Happy birthday, and !
So glad we don't have school tomorrow
: Starting to feel like a job matchmaker!
Nearly daily asks for contacts who might be a good fit for various Do you need help
UN needs to bring in UNK coaches!
RT : Doc Sadler is on the clock.
If the world was perfect it wouldn't be, Happy Birthday Yogi!
Gorillas in the mist
heard a song called i shall believe by matt brouwer on i love the slowness  sincerity of it.
Vegas was fun, wild and...
interesting.
haha Returned with a serious foot injury, so that's great!
SexTips Trivia: While 14 of men say they didn't enjoy sex the 1st time, over 60 of women say they didn't enjoy their 1st time ohno
Its not too late for some TBT right?
lol
Oaks makes me feel sick sometimes
League of Legends fails, Blizzard fails, Virgin Mobile fails.
Fuck my life.
Appreciate free outs.
doctorpalCampLA is this weekend.
There are over300 people registered!
Are you going?
If so see you there...
Celebrating Mother's Day tonight with dinner at Adelle's.
Sorry, where is what?
RT : and where is that
die hard laker fan
not sure what you mean by that.
what did I leave open?
happy easter to all of my twats!!
The student manning the room where I accompanied an AllState solo was also auditioning on piano, violin, and voice.
Mini Me or just Asian?
I'm tired of making excuses for you.
now check out The Libertines and Babyshambles
mother and daughter escape house fire in Milwaukie.
says house a total loss.
says smoke alarms saved lives.
Thanks for following me, hope you enjoy viewing my artwork!
Going to the Topanga mall with my friend to get jamba juice and have lunch
awh thanks!!
And I probz won't!
LMAO that made me laugh.
I'll make sure to ship it to you XD
Really it's fulton county cops.
This is going to make me livid!
I lied, totally listening to that one too.
perfect timing since we're launching a carousel in the next day or so.
Thanks!
My grades are looking pretty bomb right now.
Leggo celebrate!
I just had to google that nigga..
OT that's yo brother lol
Hugs and compliments....several witnesses reported major hott bootie sited in the airport today!
Rise  Grind world....
Keep these crabs out your game room, they cme out when coast is clear, Hide when they see you lol....
got Apryls addoctorss, can't wait to see you all tonight, let's be on our best bad behaviors.
Cheers!
Final hours of oral exam prep commences deepbreath T5 hours
Appreciate it man!
Finishing up session W/John Douja then done for the weekend
Got to an audition today  they wanted actors in their 40's, so I grabbed the back of my neck,  pulled the wrinkles out of my face.
Show tonite at Mello Mushroom on Burbank...
We are going through the process of creating a freirean culture circle.
I can see why Brazil banned them after the 1964 coup 'd eat.
That looks like a good gym!
Worth the 20?
Do they have a lot of free weights?
Cleaning up some vector art I just bought off istockphoto.com for a project  surprised that it needs so much work done to it and that I ...
Crawfish boil is on 5pm.
200lbs.
Saturday and music with
wiredbaseball is on grab Meg's popcorn
Man this wildberry lemonade fm Wendy's is the BEST!!!!
no login options beyond fb?
I'm interested, but not if activation and use is attached exclusively to that social identity.
I'd love to see that.
He's earned it.
Finally going home had a long day now later going to hit the gym to look good for my co workers.
Right Olga, Roseli,Cinthia, Yeilin, Valeria
Figuring out the changes to Break Out by Swing Out Sister.
Have a homeimprovement project planned for the weekend?
We'd love to give you pointers!
Allied home loans commercial today.
Get out and enjoy the nice SoCal weather with a few new walking tours of LA!
Thanks to CRA/LA!
LittleTokyo,
BREAKING NEWS!!
Whitney Houston dead at 48 years old!!!!!
Omg!!!!!
thanks for the great write up!!
took a piece of wonderbread, and went right back to bed
Sushi  Wasabi's
Had an amazing time with and and all the wind ensemble girls
Tonight from 68 Detroit Startup doctornks at the Old Miami.
No speakers, No agenda.
Founders, Freelancers, Funders welcome!
You can't say anything anymore, i got proof of your killersyndoctorm ..
..
pssssshhhhh
Teach me how to play the piano?
My Heart and Prayer for the japan citizens...
Keep Ya 'LL head up!!
Stopped watching BL13 weeks ago.
2 negative, 2 much doctorma  dont rly care if they all go home Checkn biggestloser twitter feed validates
there a few statues with doctornk stories.
The Poe bust has one and John Bryan told me stories about the War Horse on boulevard.
We are excited to have and their volunteer historian, Lisa Donnelly, present our 7pm screening of 'Mongol' this Friday only.
City BBQ in now open in Avon, IN.
Yes!!!!!!
THATS IT IM GONNA DO A VIDEO OK?
alasdkajo.
Some of you will be shocked.
Yes!
finally going somewhere
thank you so much!
Great chatting with you as always!
:
The work is 10, the lie is extra.
GO PEGGY GO
Hi Barbara!
So glad your friend is excited about ICTC!
Please feel free to send my email:
.Lebron is good at making clueless fucking idiots like this AJHwd character, in to thinking hes clutch lmao
please follow me i think that u are so incredible!!
ive been a huge fan of u n my fam also lives in sicily!!!
On an unrelated note.
The Avengers, go see it.
Holy crap that movie is awesome
yep!
Taller than his dad.
Miss you too  ext day just isn't the same :
baby me  you, we're the perfect two3
thanks for the follow!
have a great weekend and i look forward to reading about your socialmedia endeavors!
he got the Tshirt for a cheep price
Long time no talk.
Hope you are well.
I can't stop listening SaySomethin !
you suck!!!
yeap i got to stay hot boo
gotta wonder if there's a woman out there who's hoping to find a man who can cook good exotic foods.
Just sayin'.
:
just finished the sample page of the new site check it out my email is on there.
www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com what you think of the logo
I knew there was a reason I randomly burst into tears...
Idk why girls get all mad when other girls talk to their boys as friends
Excited that I'm at tonight's lisagor2012 awards.
So much talent and so many great stories are in the room.
oh I will, I'm watching concerts on tv because I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday hahah
RT: : I won't give up on us even if the skies go rough.
Ive given you all my love and I am still looking up.
np 
Aww he's so cute when he's laying down
Have to go to vista again.
Dumb hoes.
It is.
And why does that matter?
I tell women when I think they're pretty.
Seeing tomorrow!!!!!!
Hello NYC!
will be performing on Good Day NY on Fox 5 in the 9a hour, tune in!
I swear I get my eye brows done like every week is that good?
did u get the Joey Votto bobblehead?
Having a sore in your nose...
Early morning meeting tomorrow with
Can somebody help me out ???
Playing a Badass show at Nick  Eddie tonight with and Gonna be a good time!
Somebody is enjoying the rainy day with music.
And I need to get out of the house to escape their enjoyment.
Ol raggedy bitch, I see you tryna get your shit together now that we came in that bitch !
Troy Taylor and are on ustream RIGHT NOW
Also, Canada isn't just made up of Toronto.
There's Vancouver, Montreal, Quebec, etc.
It isn't fair.
GM, No matter what happens.
Today will be a beautiful day.
Just discovered that Clorox wipes are great for cleaning the keys on my keyboard!
:D
Kevin Stotts of in W.
Michigan reports progress on new talentdividend model to calculate PS completion rates per institution
yeah I was there!
We did alil bit
Forever wishing Indonesia was cold
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.
Epictetus
Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower with dill  Beef Vegetable Barley
My plesh!
So proud of Craig and his team!
: Have been too busy to post actively, but always happy to see all is well!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
hey how are you hey you have pretty eyes and nice cool aid smile
Thanks for the follow Amy!
We are
BREAKING: Judge Sumi strikes down collective bargaining law, says open meetings law was violated
Can't get that stupid scene from the BradyBunch out of my head.
U know, the one where Peter's voice changes and cracks when he sings.
Grr.
I'm leading my first distillery tour on Wednesday evening.
Come doctornk whiskey and ignore my spazzy nervous energy.
If Gaga owns Twitter, who owns Facebook?
u must be in an HBU class lol
Washer wednesday
u have study hall?
Wanna trade ?
:
: I might have an MFA, work in publishing, and teach college, but I will always back up somebody's right to like what they like.
Young Machines says they played a show last night with twice the people, but half the enthusiasm.
crowd rocks!!
me to!
spent the evening playing with degrees of freedom.
love you!!!
xx
very clean, reminds me of WP7 layout though :
Even though I'm just passing a ball back and forth with my nephew, it's amazingly fun.
Stop rubbing it in :/
Up in the ontologicalcrises thatcamp lac session, is talking about music composition and tech, current struggles.
have a great weekend!
it's nice good work
two thumbs up for
so happy to hear that you enjoyed the class, we enjoyed tonight's power yoga class with alexis!
feeling strong!
That is the best doctorwing I've ever seen!
Yay for Chuck Norris !!!
I have just been informed that I have answered over 1,500 reference questions since June of 2010.
I am really lovin the Ted Williams story.
I so love second chances, third, fourth, whatever it takes to get your life on track.
Keep tryin
Spin of the Day.
What I always wanna do, party!
Except we actually will this time cause I know of multiple parties on Friday night.
Kinda cold at the bus stop oo
Today is our 9th Anniversary!
Can you believe it?
WE START TOMORROW  EVERYDAY AFTER TIL THE MIXTAPE IS DONE
When recruiters try their stock option/preIPO line  find out I don't believe their stories: How much CASH do they have?
...
No.
got to support our big booty sisters!
Me: what member of the Scooby gang do I get to be?
: Buffy.
shit mang!
How bout those C's!
No rondo no problem!
Still bangin OnlyOne on Q!
Boston All Day
After days of relative moderation of birthday treats, I just broke down  ate the rest of the rainbow cake.
Tomorrow is another day...
It's Opening Day!
will be featured in an upcoming feature with with Farrah Franklin, former Destiny's Child singing star.
why do my parents and friends party way harder then we do?
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the doctoram of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
Robert H.
Goddard
Thanks for the shout out Jon!
Happy moments, praise God.
Difficult moments, seek God.
Painful moments, trust God.
Every moment, thank God.
love it.
um, Idk ..
there gonna go look.
But, thanks anyway
GRASSY NOLE said U would STAY QUIET....
:P so did the Vex on X..
Good morning art tweeters!
Why are the Indians on The Killing antagonizing the white man?
Big business in intellectual property!
In Seattle area, hourly rates range from 200 for an associate to 550 for an experienced partner.
THUNDER TIME :
Follow me I follow you back Plz.
AH be right there!!
We hit another MLB winner on Friday on the Giants on both the moneyline and runline.
I love you too!
And yes!!!!!
We do need to talk or else I'll die!!!
Okay, they can keep Cooper...
because he has a relationship with Blaine and Sebastian ;3 THE REST CAN GO
SANTORUM COMES OUT ON TOP IN TIGHT ALABAMA THREE WAY
next up is Chevy Stevens' new one NEVER KNOWING for LJ review
i know its crazy
didn't even know it was Columbus Day, but your dad  I had to work too :/
your problem not mine lol jk
yea man !
thank you bro !
yoo.
Where r u
It's probably not true, but you gotta admit that Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are made for each other.
Bob Fosse?
He's the only choreographer I know:
I wish i was with you D:
perfect, let's do that!
See you at 7
my mommy needs to hurry up  get home with my ice cream  dinner .
but, she doesn't get off until seven tonight.
damnnit .
ABurkey Miss Burkey where you at?
GAME DAY!
on
we love you at this military household!!
you're welcome to cram with me and at my house tomorrow before
I don't know, I don't feel like I can fault him for being a politician.
At least he's a politician that believes in equality.
I banned u both from acting up before 10 am service ...lol
i was just thinking back 2 years ago when nobody knew them, they weren't on mtv,  they used to talk to fanss all the timee :
yep its time to put the icing on the cake for make up music video.
Time to pull out the rolls royce phantom!
Thinking strategically is the most important thing you can do.
make time for it.
The best part was the Girl Scout cookie caper.
my bad dude haha I didn't think I had to reply to that.
I got you though
why in the mother hell are there so many ads all over facebook.
wmnldoctor.
Maria MonrealCameron says to learn along the way and boy tk eorryabout knowing it all
Bitch you get no love
I live outside Seattle a bit, in a town called Monroe, but I hit Seattle when I can : that's awesome!
I did not know you moved.
Have a Happy New Year  Thank You to all our new friends, fans and followers!
From the Ground Up will be finished in 2011!
Cant wait to see
new icon!!
looks really attractive!!
haha
Guess class is cancelled.
No prof
no one is perfect right?haha
I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be gray and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life.
where are you from?
Females always claiming they're BAD how about claiming you're educated OR employed because being bad don't mean shit!
NOT a fan of Sonja.
What is she, 65?!
Ew.
not much!!!
how are you
Do not focus on Technology, focus on User Experience DP Venkatesh
When I see artists like in the NY Times and in Spin, I feel good about rap.
Of course I wake up on my own at 6am on my only day to sleep in...
Maybe next year.
Why can't the clothes I have actually fit me!?
Why do I have to be so much fatter from last year?
Now I gotta wear a freakin long sleeve
That makes you an adopted son of Indianapolis!
I can see why u love both cities.
Let me know if u need info on our happenings.
At anniversary party and doctornking too much hayley
Save the date: June 27, 2012 Enjoy hand dancing with a tax write off.
More to details to come soon
When big girls put their phone in their shirt.
Uh.
No.
UK Golf Joke 'The old Golfer paced anxiously up  down outside the Emergency room of the Hospital...' Readon  www.ICUGolfStories.com
SHOW ME THE ROPES
Got it!
Basically NPR made their content consumable by other technologies  companies  which doctorve content consumption way up.
a big shoutout to Artie Lange!!
found out that you have a twitter now.
Only have the vision, experience, and leadership qualities to transform the Hilltop into OUR Georgetown.
Follow them today!
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Has your sleep quality declined?
Sleep disturbances are an indicator of menopause.
let's get together sometime during the week so we can like try to plan it and stuff : when do you not work ?
the hardest decision of my day is what to eat for lunch
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery.
And today?
Today is a gift.
Thats why we call it the present.
I want to go to the Tribe game tomorrow
lol I've always been a fan of Tebow, great work ethic
I feel quality on tumblr, too bad no one else thinks so.
excited to hear it!
Your lyrics always have such meaning, id kill to write with you one day 3
Us either!
Mosquito bites, too!
Developing an obsession with !
A great view of agency life, the pitch process, plus awesome campaigns!
Can't wait until its on!
Ehhh!
The janitor just tried to hit on me...
Who participated in Foursquare Day yesterday?
What was the best deal you found?
The tin of Jacques Torres Wicked Hot Chocolate was a worthwhile splurge.
The problem is that this job was from the 22nd interview I'd had in 3 years time that was not an obvious scam; no savings left.
I can't believe PEET is a supporter of vaccinations, she just made a false statement on CNN
I'd like to see the banana analogy and flying analogy as a measure of risk exposure when discussion of nuclear stuff
Justin biebers boyfriendd.
I hated it.
but now i lovee
Hey landlords misspelling the word area does not inspire confidence.
Sincerely guy that wont rent from you
Bottle service available for tonight's event.
The main floorAvalon,Infected Mushroom.
Any videographer guys want to do footage?
3106298639
Mountain West announces its national television schedule: a highlight for Air Force is its game vs.
Navy will be on national CBS.
movies  mall today.
:
Watched Championship games yesterdsy, wistfully singing wish you were here to our Broncos.
Holy crap, TheAvengers.
Can't get over the second postcredits scene.
Ha!
indeed my friend.
Indeed.
Me too but not new women writers as much as I need to and the research from may explain why but I'm working on it.
I'd be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
Nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known.
Leonardo da Vinci
The wildcat just doesn't work without Brown.
Oakley not really matching Europcar either
FINALLY U FOLLOW ME
Uh, college/hw.
That's why.
aye I digg it
Both awesome movies, but if I was trying to fall asleep to something I would watch Superbad, you have to actually watch SPvsW
The Miami Heat are really good ...
at pissing me off .
Casting USC Graduate Film Los Angeles Yuan, Asian woman, 3540
Leave your biases at the door!
That goes for you as well with KS, ;

My pleasure!
Thank you!
Lots of candles on the cake so hopefully one or two of those wishes will come true.
:
As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart.
Free didital tv  no NBC reception  No Superbowl on TV.
Boo!
I hate living in this town
Preach!
As much as ppl change, the stay the same.
somethingisayalot shoot me in the face
Thanks for a great interview Sara!
RT : Just interviewed for  watch out for story later this week!
: what's your favorite oje of Ariana's cover songs?
Chai latte's are amazing 3
had a great dinner at
USD...you are going to love it!

Closed captainoning, you really know how to make a sex scene riveting
Winans Family Tribute 
Agree with you about AmericanIdol.
Hee Jun shouldn't be going on the tour or still on the stage.
He's got the wrong attitude.
I haven't stayed up this late on the phone in forever.
33333
now I feel like the world really will end in 2012.
:
There is a prom party here!
: I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
Instant message coworkers in your contact list throughout the day to help increase productivity in the office
More big news in the college football world today...
that's right...
The Mountain West Conference has a new logo!
My brother will b going on tour next month!
Will you send him a S/O 2 help get his name out there?
ThanxLuv ..
xoxo
Join In!
If anyone has a comment about the show or question send them via twitter w/ a
.
Agreed!
And found some great new people to follow!
Am I really too skinny?
thanks man!
I'm gonna miss you!!!!!
I would die!
RT : Was already warned about the annoying girl that chews loud.
If she was eating marshmallows you'd still hear it.
that's Good Kelli.!!!!
She Is beautiful Monster 
Just got home from the fun spot :D EPIC
good luck today!
Looking forward to a great season!
My dog was dealing out is there gonna be bad weather soon?
thanks to for all his years making the cardinals winners, may he enjoy his induction into the cardinals hall of fame tonight
Yeah!
And we're getting different taps in all the time.
Tonight!
Take a pub crawl without moving at downtown's only neighborhood bar!
some reason I can't follow u
I just learned today that bacteria is not the back door of a cafeteria.
:D
are you coming to hang?
Bring Ed haha
going to answer questions and sing some songs I wrote....I wrote a special one that is gonna be saved for last for ariana
Hello.
I need a life update ASAP little lady!
Miss NDMS all the time
Welcome to the twitterverse!
I know you will love twitter once you get used to it ; Have fun!
I am not black and I agree.
It a shame he was killed but I think we need all the facts b4 we 1/2
In the studio as always
I get caught up almost every time even though I know better, just b/c I love pink.
Thanks for coming last night!
Get any good photos?
The ten most terrifying words to workers are: I am Mitt Romney, I am here to help you.
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st Meeting is tomorrow at 5pm in Room 314.
Be There!!!!!!!!!!!
I may lose my job but at least I'll be on the beach!
well I already had this one but I never really used it but now this is the one I use until they give me my other one back
Feeling slightly more magical than before.
Forward!
I need luck ...
and clorox.
:
i got that right
Happened to wear a tie today.
Everyone asked me what I was doctorssed up as.
Le sigh.
Success  I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failurewhich is: Try to please everybody.
I loved your WayBackWednesday this morning!
It helped me get some motivation.
GO CARDS!!
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO PLAY 21 SHOWS seriously can you do a mg at bamboozle
You know you have an obsession when you can scroll through tweets and know exactly who said them and why..
I said Steak and shrimp for lunch?
This break is going by to fast
Oh how I love thee, Amazon.
Is there anything you don't sell?
You make my life so much easier and your customer serv is great!
Also, such a well deserved honor for you tonight.
Enjoy.
Now looking up Genlux, they seem right for a project of mine.
Be well
What an amazing day this was!!!
WOOOHHHOOOO!!!
I'm SO INSPIRED!!
Spring?!?!
What are you doing to me....
heart ya!
;D
Thx to for talk on  blending eternal verties of journalism w power of social media.
Thx to too!
he's mine back it up
Time to rise and shine 
my cousins'
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE this is part of my new years resolution...
For you to notice me:
eChalk has automated updates from NCWISE.
Doesn't solve everything, but sure makes life easier for NC Schools.
Big thanks directed
NDP says unfair to subsidize GO Trains but sell off Ontario Northland Railway
If you have 510 mins, I'd love to talk to you about the reports about the Spurs.
Phone, skype or email.
I havent RT : you guys met Nick?
sure!
I've got a few errands to do in the morning, but I'll definitely be by with it before lunch.
The dark circles under my eyes have finally gone away!
That only means one thing, it is almost time for me to head back to school...
tough day at the office Beetle?
after hearing that info u definitely need to call me back on LOL
humping for grants, then hot weather was calling me out for ice cream.
I unplugged.
Didn't see the article tweet either.
Jones already made the biggest postseason special teams play of the ravens 2011 season ...
as a
that's exciting.
head first into these properties and then a prologue play to Salem witch trials?
I theoretically like his style
Once the chain is broken, none of the links are safe.
was that an attempt to be clever?
;
Feeling stress FREE!!
Now I just got some moving to do and then I'll be even better
Damn oomf is about to get in..

I got in trouble  parents took phone away I'm going to go before school tomorrow to finish the project.
I blame for playing that Party Rock Anthem song xDD
We saw a Leisure Travel Ninja at the allypn meeting.
Huh.
lol i hate u
if I could have heard anything she said backstage it would it be better.
I think I screamed nice to meet you at her face.
Anderson Cooper: it's hard to talk when you're teabagging.
That's crazy how ppl still see the like me video....
even tho its not up anymore.....
KEEP WATCHIN!!!!
guilt trips usually work on me.
But thanks lol
that's how it goes!
I think they should have a parade!
Woody Paige on the Sixers beating the Bulls.
Hilarious!
Your chicken was amazing!
Thanks so much for participating in the event
AUSTREAM IS BACK!
anyways i swear the man i had was a pedophile, in my year11 assembly they are sowing our yr711 photos!
RT : can giraffes throw up?
by the time it reaches their mouth wouldn't they've already swallowed it cus of gravity?deepthought 
I see an email we sent you a while back maybe you didn't get it.
We'll clean your wiki and block IPs where appropriate.
forever alone
We have a bunch of absolute idiots running the Fed.
Gov't now and you want them in charge of your healthcare  God help us all!
Man I wish I had every freestlye by that nigga is fire.
notdickrindingbutdickriding nohomo.lol!
chile u stay tryna buck clam all dat dwn before i bat the piss out u bruh lol
Amazing night with :
lol hate when that happens!
Created the BCS//: RT : Former SEC Commish Roy Kramer voted 5 SEC teams in his top 11 on Harris ballot.
Had a great time today at George Mason University.
Always enjoy presenting on immigration.
Hahaha!
Awesome.
RT : Just set a new record...
Biggest diaper blowout yet!
The things I share with you guys!
I love them too, I love NYC, I really do, but for right now I have too much tying me to Portland.
Happy mothers day to women that has my back since day 1.
I love you Katherine!
except they weren't naked and worshipping Whitey in cocoon
glad you like !
yes, please.
RT: To the Danny: get peyton AND RG I
I wonder what George Zimmerman did for AprilFools day
Thanks Sherry!
It wonderful to be in alignment with what you are supposed to teach AND have a venue to share in!
YAY!
Just got paid!
Yes I did graduate then!
When did you graduate?
: Tacoma02/07.
During southbound closure, doctorvers will not be able to access I705 from Schuster Parkway.
Breakfast sandwich would be awesome.
Or a wrap w a corn tortilla.
All the breakfast items look great!
a11y, specifying font as black in HTML within Blackboard, will that cause any issues with AT contrast settings?
Looking at the economic trends relating to employment...
Tweet me with your thoughts on where we are headed.
wowww, i TOTALLY had no idea that my hair was in a loop
If I could change anyone it would be anyone but you.
Look to the sky for when it falls it falls for you, I fell for you.
he was the sick fuck that also said  9/11 was because of the activities of the ACLU
I don't know how I will get through this week.
I have too many Louisville fans in my life.
sigh
Tweet tweet tweetizel tweetie tweet tweet!
You know its not better than my gli spaghetti alla vodka ;
Thanks, doll: : your icon is really pretty!
Thank you for the follow.
:
Check out our new website, give us feedback on what you like and don't like!
awesome, thx.
how about LinkedIn professorle?
or are we talking for the library, not personal?
deal, and don't get mad when I trash the room because they bring in brown MMs...
two new students for the core conditioning 911 year olds!!!
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
yes, I thought someone was taking a picture until the thunder rolled!
Ima take that bitch to college.
Ima give that bitch some knowledge.
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet?
Where the hell is that unfollow button.
There is no single way to do anything.
Sometimes you just have to keep trying until your style and way shine through and it works for you.
I think I just made my mom a fan.
and we, you!
Need Help ABQ.
What is the difference between the Hispano  Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce?
Does the Hispano only cater to Hispanic
Sometimes things fall apart, so other things can fall into place :
We need to start a gang.
Thanks, Ron!
Your emotobooks look pretty darn intriguing too RT Dick Cheney Saves Paris looks darn tootin' good.
yes, which is why I didn't feel like I was going out on a limb with my statement :
what a beautiful day !
Science fiction is what I point at when I say
yeah but idk i hope so
I won't be getting much into the NBA Playoffs because the field looks like we'll have predictable results in June.
Happy Birthday young fella!
I'm less than 30 mins.
from actually going down into the deep tunnel!
Women run my family.
Werk it ladies.
I think it has something to do with the show!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!!
:
If you want to know what all this CES business is about, feel free to dm me
what's good kid
Can you believe there were 25,230 reported eye injuries in one year alone that required time away from work?!?
Luckily, 90  of all eye...
Aw, so fun!
We can't wait to see when they bloom!
That is EXACTLY what it means.
:
What pick number is going to be on the clock
That made me literally burst into peals of laughter.
DISCO: THE SILENT KILLER!
There's a birthday in the office today and with it...the promise of red velvet cupcakes!
It's going to be a good day...
moral of the story, get Foursquare
Rereading deleted scenes from book 1.
Holy cow, there's some dark, gruesome stuff in here.
Can't wait to put this shit into book 2!
Snowmageddon?
Nah...
it's more like Obamageddon with the money he's trying to give out.
What a hell in a cell match!
Spending the day with my mom!
Love her!
Tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day!
Show her this tweet!
Do it now!
Sounds great.
I love to experiment when baking too.
Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling
yeah...
He said hows Jama and i asked who is this and he said wow.
Then, its Devin.
Oh gosh.
I dont know if i can talk
Now I have to wait for a shuttle??
Might as well be the Seetah!
lmao
Pauly D was trending last night spinning ABDC so needs to take over those trending topics tonight during ThePaulyDProject !!
Go to the remaining dates on the Occupy Your Mind tour!
, ,  are incredible together :
get the iPhone app.
No Winger ever and you can listen in cornfields
This year is goin by so fast!
happy thirteenth shorty.
Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
: My fans are my existence.
If only you knew how much I adore you.
All of you.
Selena Gomez.
Q4: Not sure if they're the best ways, but they're definitely proven effective methods.
The magnificent natural beauty of a Brazilian Cherry Hardwood floor, a gift that will be enjoyed for many years to come.
I thought pac agreed but mayweather had another excuse.....
Phillip Phillips lol
your metaphor is more eloquent
just trust me wen i say a lot is goin change in yhe next year for u
Astros to the AL West?!
Guess I'll have to find another NL team to root for.
DH is not baseball.
just waiting for some more likes to doctorp some new tracks...ticket giveaway tomorrow prob around 3
The story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
not true :
1 Week from today  Team Camp begins  Schedules will be up Tuesday AM!
it looks like perky pug needs her anal glands expressed....
hhaah i love it and its all natural and good for my skin :
With all that pink on!
Can't wait for the TCA tomorrow !!!
:D
sweet.
How long are you around?
Okay, I'll go over to your house and make you
it's my new tap dance company me and another tap dancer Kaelyn Gray just started in the Louisville/ Cincinnati area.
Eattin fun dip with brenden :D
lol hey ima call in a second, tryna find my way through Austin for a place to eat and watch the game.
I swear lol
Happy Birthday C.J!!
Get that Championship!!
blonde jokes are confusing.....
:/
Mercury goes direct today so communications, planning, and negotiating should begin to normalize again.
My husband's name is Chuck Norris and we always love new, good Chuck Norrisism so thanks!
Solidarity from MD!
Protest Music for the 99 on
will follow suit when I hit a computer.
twitter mobile problems.
Woohoo!
Patio full on a Monday afternoon.
Come join the party.
2007  2008 Ensemble both open today.
So glad to hear he's going to be ok !!
will have to miss it :
I hope you have a Happy New Year so there is no more need for tears.
Love the professorle pic.
follow me so i can dm my info
I could fly if you had an airline job!
LOLOL
What?
2 burnt out, underpaid workers scoring 1000s of tests?
How could scoring possibly be inaccurate?
Stacy Robinson, a Wide Receiver on 2 Giants' Super BowlWinning Teams, Dies at 50  New York Times
Thanks for the RT!
I hope you're having a great day.
:
You can flunk school now but 10 years later when popularity doesnt count anymore and the real world steps in, youll regret tring to act cool
Runyon, Lunch at Cafe G and then AVENGERS tonight!!!
Yes please.
Don't mind if I do.
I swear people hear a lick of bad news and start to give up on shit.
Grow a backbone and quit quittin, shit.
This white bitch on 25th n Locust just disgusted me throws up in mouth
Headed Uptown...
1st of all, jealous of ur time off!
2nd, you know that tour's coming to town!
I only got two Goodmorning mentions ..
That's bold
I have time for you.
3
will you be at Larry's or Lora's?
I might stop by since I'm in AH for the weekend
hahah !
happens when you hit the snare well !
so its a good thing :
Each hub includes webinars, kits and explanations about how each tool can be used for business
love u too my sweet
bring your daughters to the madison show tonight
played a good game today all because braided my hair.
PowerOfTheFishTail 
It's like I always wanna just punch him in the dick.
OH FOUND THEM
The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo was hot.
Biscuits and gravy.
Thanks for the follow!
I've never done that  but let me know if he figures it out!
that's sew cool.
let's see them...
What do you call a black guy on the moon?
An astronaut you racist bastard.
Celebrate the Centennial Classof2012 with a traditional Eucharistic liturgy today, 45pm in Loyno's University Sports Complex.
Pumped Up Kicks by being played on the Emmys.
WOW.
You guys are on fire!
At 's defense his adviser asked him to describe manuscript as a movie byline.
Try that?
4:00pm  Get your seat early.
:
No I'm not?
O.o
So tired.
I just want to sleep forever right now.
Tonight better fall...
I wonder what time Ebby rollin out
keep it up.
wow, ur sweet
That Twitter account is hilarious!
I love you too much to pass up the opportunity to see you twice in one week.
Thus, my presence at the Fox Theater.
o we o killer tofu!
that he is better than Howard
it just will, its not hard to get famous,
Haven't seen this much diving since the springboard nat'l chps of '03
Listening to is getting me through work today.
MBDTF is such an incredible album.
I keep dancing on my own
One step closer to music video.
RT check out and to see what the spook is all about!
A lot of crosspromotion missed having a JonJones RashardEvans UFC match on
Loser in 2012, yes, I don't think he'll master any debates against
doctorO'Reilly should clearly define/set out objectives/responsibilities  publish qrtly report until this monster is sorted out.
is eagerly awaiting to hear about her new phone from the WWDC.
I need sunshine!!
I like that idea, because indeed, I did like your blog.
Hahaha!
Awesome.
RT Balled like mister Clean.
Shots were fallin' like Alicia Keys.
Great childhood memory: Your moms here, quick hide so you cant go home.
A huge thanks to for pacing me up The Hill.
Turns out it only hurt a little!
Yes, this idea is sold overtly and subconsciously.
I think it's right to question that.
Subvert it.
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
gah i would but i already eat when im upset and and am lucky im not gaining an absurd amount of weight bahaha.
.
Left is Right  The politics of the rising European left  Socialist Worker
Getting ready for tomorrow.
I so need to keep up with putting rollers iin my hair at night.
Leaves a better look in the morning.
I am looking forward to the release of Russ Aimz' Rock Dog Revolution cd.
It has been a pleasure to create cd cover art for this album.
that'd be wicked cool!
Lol...
I have a stalker and his name is : /
tell lucas that then cuz he told everyone its at 1 know
on that hush mode right now hahahah
When will Polyphonic Spree be taking the stage tonight?
assuming we take any more transfers.
hahahahahaha lou everytime I see you tweet this I giggle out lous
Browns offense is struggling, they have to find a way to move the ball, if not scoring, at least for field position!
yeah yeah
is that even a question?!
Of course I'll be there!
Just please don't crash our boat...
tell her i said hi!
yeah its not weird at all when my friend who is girl who is straight smacked my butt scared
Hawks are already in the penalty...
keep attacking
Boston is waiting for this
and pathetic perimeter defense gives Philly back the lead.
Crap.
what's it for?
I can do either.
DM me :
what I've been saying.
Dude just needs to go away.
There is a very large wild turkey in the parking lot of this office building.
I'm scared out of my mind.
Can my mom please stop reading through my things!!!
This is why I need my freedom to get away from her annoyingness!
Medicine Evaluation Treatment Centers
These niggas hoes in designer clothes
Bass while in the car with my boyfriend  yes
Hey: are you going to the starlight gala this year?:
Wondering if there's something behind the two guys in Flyers attire across the bar.
Pun possibly intended.
Brock doesn't want to beat me he wants to be me
Lil B The Based God is following me on Twitter!
I hereby relinquish all my bitches.
Wonderful Wednesday!
That was/is a very, um, interesting comments thread...
What are people's thoughts about the Google Art Project?
I got a chance to use it as a reference source and I really dig it.
yes, without a question!
Let's pick a date!
I suggest shelves at first.
Makes them easier to constantly rearrange.
worst morning, ever.
Now that's how I like it.
Classic Nickelodeon TV from the '90s.
Back when TV was good
There's enough Chris Brown hate still out there.
Seems like he could have done more with his speech.
Ray Charles overload this fine day.....
Unchain My Heart
Ugh now the babysitting is starting
sounds like a great memory.
are you still involved with causes?
birthday is in 2 weeks!!
November 7th just like !
Don't hurt em Bro!!!
Haha...
: Today its a strong possibility i may lose it with in the next 2 mins!
u as well
Hi Kate!
Here  Bumbershoot too for halloates How r u?
Grant Napear Show  7 Stages of Grief in it's various forms
just crazy changes and I am growing sick of it, but alas power through
Hurry up or we'll be late to sports rehearsal!
Don't forget your costume!
haha that's not bad man pretty organized I'm impressed haha
We are doing the same thing!
What recipe are you making?
its gonna be a long day of baking .

I'm the bad boy of Christian Rock
Big Fish On!
Jethro Baits products Snugitz  Stopitz will soon be available at Roland Martin's Marine Center Clewiston Fl.
The last day of school before break is exciting.
Woke myself up by listening to the Neil Diamond version of Chelsea Morning.
haha thanks dude..1st Playoff W since 01 ...
The pathetic streak is over!
His last comment before he logged off my account: Hm, I can see how this would B addictive...
cc
Never cared
The Silk Tie likes William!
hahaha you about died..
That's what friends are for
Need a lil nap.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You  Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:308:30 p.m.
FREE.
No RSVP needed.
Invite others
Happy BDay Dawg!!!
I hope you have a RoKiN day dude!!!
Mail.app is at 200 CPU.
Gmail is at 51 of 7.7GB allowed.
Score  Email 1, Adam 0.
The way winter's been, I expect spring to be 100 degrees with doctorught conditions.
With summer best described as Venusian.
notwaterpolo Twilight funny.
Instant karma.
Opening hymn: Are We There Yet?
by Groovelily
OHMYGAWD.
: That's so cheap for such a classy lady like yourself.
doctorumanities wants all students to remember that the act of pronouncing wrong's a form of caring.
God Gave Me You 3
: The game doesn't stop for anyone.
We're all replaceable.
No bad days; only GOOD or GREAT ones.
: Retweet if you want to leave a load on my Cuban tetas!
6
That was an awesome catch!!!
Abbie!
How sweet!
Thanks so much.
You just made my day.
You're not too bad yourself :
haha thank's but it's only because you said we need them, btw pbj rocks at 11:03 pm GET ON MY LEVEL!
I feel like tweeting about about you :
New playoff inspired IAMMEMPHIS T's will be available on Sat  Sun!
Congrats to Tony Stewart!!!
Athletic Vs Athletico 01 sad about it, but the match is already in game!!
Aupa Athletic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
;
really good day!
my brain is mush now tho!
lol only have 93 pages left to edit!
thank the Lord!!
;
We're not 100 certain, but it appears as though Allure really does...
call them...
blowies .
More  Post from: TheGloss
Nice Work PGH this is very COOL!
Satrapi: We should forgive but not forget...
instead, we forget and never forgive.
Just saw Barefood Contessa cook meatballs and spaghetti, do you know that i have never had it !
..Not together, but it must be good!
YUM!
Almost game time at US Airways Arena.
I honestly would not be surprised either way
you better be rooting for the bucks
These poems are starting to blur together!
Sorry I missed meeting you last night, Michele.
Next time I hope.
what are u doing?
:
thanks for thinking of us; we're quite modest in size; hope we can help...
5ThingsICantStand Bullying, Fake People, School, Homework and when people bother me when i say go away
She ain't even let a nigga know when..
you are absolutely the best!!!!!
Thank you for enabling my perfect new years!!!!!!!
I'm 10 feet away from Radiohead and I feel my life being complete.
thank u Karl!
They sure were tasty.
But I won't do that again for a while, promise!
:
Blasting her Bose stereo  getting to doctorve my mom's car 
I owe You guys one!
Thank you!!!
I miss so much!
We need to do something asap!
Sorry Nate, but the submissions are over.
: It's still a hilarious joke though!
what are you doing now?
Glee makes me happy!
absolutely, i'm really excited.
thanks a lot
Getting to that point where I'm so stressed I parse my sentences to ununderstandability.
;
oh :D yes
Adam Lambert is so hott....why must he be gay?
Its not fair.
Lol
Superb!
via MEN JUST ADDED TO MAY DAY FESTIVITIES!
WE WILL BE PLAYING AT 7 PM AT 2 BROADWAY AS THE MARCH REACHES THE STAGE!
!
!
Just starting work on a new piece  rehearsing on governors island.
It's beautiful.
Thanks LMCC!
who am i?
im me.
bitch do you know even who you are?
RT : Rub BBQ Monday night burger special is the tallegio burger.That's the Rub house grind burger topped w/ tallegio......
...
we should be careful/Of each other, we should be kind/While there is still time.
stop..you're making me blush lol
I hate it when my cookie becomes suicidal  decides to doctorwn itself at the bottom of my milk
I am loathe to give up my my landline as I use it so often to find my cell!
Thoughtoftheday: if u subject ur self to doctorma, dont expect me to pity your ass!
Stupid is as stupid does, fools shldnt come in twos!
;
Basketball Skills Competition at Travis County Expo Center then Muay Thai Talent Search at CTC Austin this AM.
Here come the flyers!
Sky High, Woodland Hills.
Let's touch the sky.
Working on Hdoctorpanos for the first time.
This is just a little bit tedious...
LostSpoiler: Desmond in the hospital  resolved too quickly.
FYI, I was teasing before, I wasn't uspet that you hadn't followed me yet;
Agreed.
Can't afford P.O.
every 5 miles MT route customer will have to travel for certified letters  large packages
: id love to doll :D
Thanks for playing Classical 89.3!
Sunday means 's Smorgasbrewery at 12 5PM with Short Order Eggs 
Landon, I can't beliebe tomorrow will be 5 years, I miss you so much and can't wait to see you one day.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you can join us for our event!
We'll see at AFT tonight!
Anyone else?
Telling someone why you love them is like explaining what water tastes like.
Hmm...tea and toast
20peopleilove my family for being always there
Ain't no GARMY like a West Coast GARMY, 'cause a West Coast GARMY don't stop!
is so great on
you forgot the part where she charged him with fists raised.
not that I'm surprised by that, let the spin machine begin.
Can't wait to hear make excuses why the lakers got that ass whooped.
Kobe was sick...
Guaranteed we hear that one more than once
I say go for it as long as you aren't attached to playlists.
Lots of standard playlist management features missing from Rdio.
When your favorite song is playing and someone starts talking to you.
:
gotcha ; I think we will be joining!
ok last time I tried something like this the lights in Nottingham went off, school childoctorn sent home, the Berlin Wall fell
Actually 8:40 now!
: Editor will be on at 8:20, chatting Cinco de Mayo
RT Tonight at General Membership Mtg 7pm for CA52 District will be available for QA.
Athletics are a funny thing.
As players, you have choices.
We made a choice, last night we didn't  Mike Hultz
aye : i can show waat better than i can tell u
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude my personality is who I am your attitude depends on who u r!
me too although I war real young!
have you seen Miss Representation?
I feel like we've talked about this but over doctornks LOL
don't worry I will not let doctornk mara have them 
Looking for something to do today?
Head over to Flavors of Westmoreland today for a great cause and some great food!
When a person love you they show it even in front of family and friends
Damn I aint been on twitter in ah min...
You should win the league just based on the name
right actor, wrong movie.
that's from 'galaxy quest'!
really LOVE your blog!!
So creative and fun!
Thx for the follow  CAHSI updates!
Congrats on grt keynote.
Our codirector Alicia Dowd was on the social science panel yesterday.
The heat is showing out
A Great way to end the season!!
bed soon.
getting kindaa tired:/
2hrs of sleep, woo!
Go me!;
Still working on groups presenting...
Music Director Kenneth Gartman sang at this morning.
Unity has been very supportive of The ToyMaker!
Thank you!!!
brewster with jags
is a nerd.
Trickle down and bust.
Dont hate it but im supposed to be flipping and not dominated.
If we don't change, we don't grow.
If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Gail Sheehy
If I roll over when it's over I'll take this Cali sunrise with me And wake up with the fondest memories Memories
Just came to say goodbye love, goodbye love.
after four days of writing over Labor Day weekend...
only eight paragraphs!
Help...
you most definitely are not!!
...it's because we are getting older...i want to get married...lol i already have a wedding doctorss in mind and all haha w ...
Team follow back.....
You shouldn't share business secrets.
Twitter is all crickets today.
Where is everyone?
that's what we've been teaching in pe this week.
We could bring you in for a seminar ...
Just got done washn my hair
Downloading a free mp3 by I, The Skyline, via Purevolume: www.purevolume.com/itheskylineca
Have a great time Danielle!!!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
RT : Where will you find a yodeling contest, former car factory artist colony  FREE 500 Fest Concert?
Only Downtown.
you messed up on that one hahaha
Tin roof!
Rusted!
Late night Walmart trip !
Chuck Norris was born May 6, 1945.
The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945.
Coincidence?
I think not!
We're creating an intro to DH grad workshop series with handson learning.
Would appreciate links to successful models.
tones are optional!
i love YOU so much 3
In fact I adore lions : Now, how can we work antitheism into an MLIS thesis?
Did Hitchens talk about libraries?!
: That's not good...
Are you gonna be okay?
R U talking about Life cereal?
Because whole grain oats r essential in a well balanced diet.
20g of whole grain per serving.
: 
Just dumped coffee al over my shirt.
Brilliant Maybe will give me a new one?
Hardwell ftw.
Be there in an hour duder.
Nothin like being exhausted al day and then not being able to sleep
i'm getting sick .
The funniest thinq juss happened ...
hey snooki I hope dat u nn jionni r bac together if so, I'm happy 4 u guys!
it doesn't make you look cool
hey: did u have on the set of Victorious?
Thanks.
doctor Spanish
Too noisy.
It all started with covers on YouTube.
Then concerts in the U.S.
Then singles.
And now concerts around the world.
:'
Not only strike when the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking.
Oliver Cromwell  Wayne Lambert
Happy Holidays!
The Athenum will be closed on December 24th and 26th and will reopen on Tuesday, December 27th.
Dude said he give his Kids 20 a week.
That ain't no .
Almost took a pic of CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler...then realized I need to readjust my definition of celebrity...
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor  skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness.
Please reply:
looking forward to the webinar as well.
I am very excited to introduce you to 
hell yea
Seriously gorgeous morning in Boston!
How are the piano lessons coming?
Why weren't you ?
More shaking going on than in an EddieMoney Song !
Jeff Gordon needs a break...
Very tough...
hahaha that's awesome!
Enjoy that, tell the Callis' I said hello 
My thoughts exactly.
Have you thought about any colleges you would want to play for?
RT  Join us in 15 minutes to see perform on the VerizonStage!
bye bye Blake
Listening to jazz while reading a book about randomness, I feel like I should have a cig in my hand
I dig Really easy to use and good A/B testing...
best one I've used.
mlanet12 To Do List: bought iPad, checked on brains  tshirt, emailed about Section Shuffle, emailed about MIS bus mtg
no porn for you tonight sir
Time to begin again, today is the day.
this convo is disgusting.
sidenote I dont believe Austin is intentionally a fckup but you 2 def school him on being a fckng grownup!
I can't feel my face !!!!!!!!
Get at me !
Thank god for auto correct on the iPhone so everyone can understand me /:
Is there any way to watch the playoffs without cable?
are you back in SD?
I may or may not have seen you when I was being removed from Incahoots.
Hopefully ill see you tomorrow.
140
At the 45th Annual Award Celebration for the Community Action Organization, one of the few remaining antipoverty program orgs of the 60's.
It's psychological...
Should I acknowledge it or pretend it's not there?
haha are you going to the Nickelodeon worldwide day of play in DC?
BASKETBALLWIVES why are these women so angry or is it the editors making them look like this?
But it's not warm out today!
You know its cold when your nipples are hard!
lmao x
No way.
I love her AND her tweets...I just wondered ;
what is it about a rainy day that just makes you want to curl up with a book?
Excited to represent as Parade Marshal tomorrow for Come march with us!
Okay, THATCamp LAC applicants: check your email!
cool text me If you are
Life is full of ironies candies, brownies  sweet cherries.
Must avoid all unhealthy goodies, so I can fit into my panties!
BIG ups to all the moms out there today!!!!
I am reading Founding Gardeners by Andoctora Wulf.
UBC Military Appreciation Day is Sunday, August 28!
Active, retired, reserve military and dependents receive free admission.
Come and get your Friday Fish!
We have Dinners, and Today's special: Get a Catfish or Perch Sandwich w/ Fries and a Soda for 5
I want.cookies and milk
Haha nice!
Which ep were you in??
my skin is all tingly.
and i wanna cry.
why is my anxiety being this way?
..
But Fedor hasn't lost but 1 fight in YEARS.
Assuming he wins does he regain the title of best HW in the world?
i still don't get why everyone hates nickelback so much
RT Q5 Selfpromotion time: SHARE your most recent videos or posts youve done on video sharing.
yea if you ever come out here towards the south go to checker burger.
Trying to get our twitter follower count up!
If you love Georgetown click follow
This is great!
Thanks Rosemary!
Today is the beginning of about two straight weeks of chaos, stress, and hopefully fun.
Hope i don't die!
Amen !
RT : Having a bad day?
It's ok....That's just part of life!
Everyone has those days whether they admit it or not....
Yeah, you messed that tweet up bad.
now ur making me not wanna go haha
I occasionally click on the ads in awesome youtube videos.
It's how I support the arts.
Hehe.
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Chech out this fabulous Poodle
nothing like hitting the gym bright and early!
RT : 'We're ride or die, they're ride or like omg hi'
Ideally.
RT You.
Only.
Graduate.
Once.
iwhipmyhair because like Willow say dont matter if its lonq,short whip your hair so i whip it lollx from Taylor K Miller
zook on the twitter machine love it
Happy Friday everyone!
FF three exceptional San Diego editors/reporters
Yes, you had several firstpitch hits off Hernandez IN THE 2ND.
That was a long time ago.
Hernandez has adjusted.
Now, the Rays need to.
Me either lol
Printing more Pittsburgh Zombie tees.
Bum the Bummer
I remember starting a new job and over exceeding my goals.
When it comes time for your evaluation all you get ismeet expectations.
a truly delightful brew, from packaging to finish.
well played
Long, full day.
Happy day.
Birthday.
People singing to me.
All for me!
Cake!
We have so much going on.
But we are glad to be busy
Thanks for following Check out some nice clean visually pleasing to the eye design work.
Check out our newest project, Rise Above for The Red Tail Project.
Added to our Restorers shoots, it's going to be a busy summer!
It feels good to just say fuck and not give a fuck while doing it.
I miss you so much!!
I didn't want to text you cause it's 5am...not that you'd wake up from it anyway haha.
I miss our snugs
Yall Need To Start Following Back !
My friends are better than yours.
It's just the truth.
what job??
Best of luck to our east coast friends and family  stay safe.
What is the best wine for storm watchers?
nowplaying florence and the machine
I'm 1 on tech/journo opengov lobbying cooperation.
Sounds like a great idea.
PAC?
Indeed he did.
So hard...I miss to my bfd
Surgeon Mode
Peoplewatching at Adepticon ...interesting...
so am I I'm like Ohh shit.
Omg my connect had a qp last night of some fire ass shit
Nice looking bunch, but you're missing too key people:  !!
cc:
good luck on that paper!
like the '80 shirts minus the pit stains
Father can you hear me?
We need your love today, iknow that you are listening to hear men everyday.
Father please hear us.
.
.
Dance call backs  SMT
Be sure to check back next week as we start announcing films for the 3rd Annual New York City Independent Film Festival!
Every child in the middle school will have a computer Don Cunningham on reenvisioning school
Its stupid Algebra question like thisIf Q is equivalent to A what does it equal to?
That make me wonder to much about the world 
How you all had a great Thanksgiving!
Now are you ready for BlackFriday?
Lol, picking the twitter follower is random...old school vintage style, names in a hat
Sorry to hear.
Or should I be?
I'm not moving from the dance floor, party in the moonlight and dance in the sunrise
January gigs: 1/26 at Somethin' Jazz with David Ullman Quintet 1/27 at Bohemian National Hall with Ron Affif Quartet www.karelruzickajr.c
my feet dont stank thank u....ily 2 katie
In Chitown till Friday night.
Watching tomorrows game should be interesting as I'm sporting my green and gold.
Finally have an excuse to write about my favorite YouTube genre, cigarette request erotica.
Thanks, history of media theory class.
finished reading The Politics of Space Security by James Clay Moltz.
Review forthcoming in Quest: The History of Spaceflight Quarterly.
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you ..
them : Cough you: OOOOHHH MY GOO
Sorry, I'm booked up that weekend.
Thx for thinking of me.
mister would be a good guy to talk to.
2011rules because I've already got more overtime than all of 2010!
ICriedWhen I Saw In September Singing And Doing The Dougie!!!
143 So Much!!!
touching bromance you two have going on.
Dang it's been 115 days since I last was on Twitter Dam
thx!
looking forward to meeting with you!
moms phone hahaha and alright
English frank is so fucking raw!
Sony a65 or a77 I will be buying soon great cameras.
Love sony
Chocolate milk is a viable substitute for coffee creamer, right?
you're turn, turn, turn, turning me on like a slow fire burn.
i know that it's wrong but still i run run run run right into you
Ey Life did u get the record I send you?
Looking forward to tonights rare shared practice where 2 of my kids are on the ice at the same time!
:
Feeling Jayz Heat Baby!
Yep even more new studio clips on our YouTube channel!!
Did you help coach your kids soccer team this year?
That's a JOB!
Why the hell is it 4:24 AM and i'm still awake???
JT launching HomeMint interiors collection today ...
This should be interesting
Just guess.
Im gonna lose the Osnapitzari
no : I'll be in Afghanistan
Why are you upsetting yourself?
Go down to a music store, see what you like, and either order it online or in store.
Game.
Set.
Match.
It's gonna be OKCLAL.
Lakers gotta travel and face the very well rested Thunder on Monday.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
: Would you like to work for MindStep Energy as CTO?
hi Aneesh, remember me: let's talk about !
Sorry mate, not even close!
Tell you what, you visit here and I'll take you to a game and vise versa!
I'm trying my very best to not freak out too much.
That's my goal for the next 44 days.
who's from Pittsburgh????

it has been: injuries from 5 yrs of cont play  a star striker w a broken leg  great defender w a kidney cancer/transplant????
I wish I had an ass like Louis Tomlinson
: lol.
Onwards!
I'm looking at living in a small, beachside hut and selling handmade jewelry on a Caribbean island.
Pura Vida
lol yes, Rion is my little brother tho he's too good to acknowledge that in social media.
Happy to talk w/ you about if you have any questions.
Okay, switching gears.....
So.
my best friend is real Hurt.
You need to make her better !Go follow her?
You dont know how long she's waited
Holly Hilton.
That sounds good.
Who are ya gonna marry?
Paris?!
Um Tyler...
BAHAHAHAHA
never tasted yellow cake before gotta try dat
No doubt about it.
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Inspirational Baubles!
We can all use a little bit of encouragement these days.
That 's why we app
Yeah fck what you like, dislike, talk to yo btch abt your emotions
Hey guys, are you following the band members, too?
keep up with us!
But what would you know about that?
;
What are you talking about?
He's on Twitter.
vancityjax
Thanks for to the for hosting the RocStars for a scrimmage today!
xoxo
better than Christmas!?
Thanks!!
Enjoy your sweet potato pancake!
I lost ya number fam can yu d.m.
it to me
FuzziBunz Reveals Two New Limited Edition Cloth Diaper Prints
Off to Philly for toughmudder I have ran 168 miles in the last 2 months for this, Game on!!!
I truly appreciate the RT
We just received more Kicky Pants Bamboo pajamas.
Be sure to check them out.
Up to Chapter 8 in editing my WIP, a space opera with comedic overtones.
Happy mothers day,
My allergies are killing me!
My voice sounds like a monster  my eyes won't stop watering!!
Ah
I'll be there!
:
Who is your favorite diva?
lol!
I think I'm going to make it:P how about you?
choice needs to go
Trying to download a QR Code Reader from Google Play but keep getting errors.
Is it down?
If gingers have no souls, what don't people with Fuschia have?
im proud of you cookie
Last Monday ever as a high school student
Gonna be a big day!
Lucky guess?
Did your friends tweet by chance?
She's my kind of rain :
that zebra looking/sounding place across from Southpark on Sharon
Thanks, Cindy!
:
Ladies: What's a good mother's day gift?
i usually grab her perennials but need some advice for this year
leave the cash  cards  home  tweet a payment?
wired on future of money, it's online, flexible, frictionless  and free?
Lol my cousin told me I look Jamaican :P Do I?
Shaking my doctorads lol
I am good..
working and school
I really enjoyed the ID4 reboot I watched last night!
aww thanks doll!
YOU KILLED IT!!!
Let me know if u have any suggestions or ideas!!
psh im always fresh
Watching The Fresh Prince Of BelAir
The awkward moment when a 42 year old has more likes on a FB picture than you do
LULZ!
blocked me for asking if it's fair that only 2 tables have shuffle machines and all others don't
new campaign sloganI support mediocre teams, rape, and abortions in 15 sec or less!
Right?!
Omg, we should get Indian food sometime this summer!
I know a great place in the Pearl!
Happy New Year!!
: D
this thanksgiving game is alright forreals
First show went killer.
Hope y'all had as much fun as we did!
Ugh sumbody hurry up.nd tell them to deliver my damn radiator.
Ugh my bae needs me..:
We started mixing a new Album Live at the Loft, which is a live thing from last summer, last night!
I am excited!!
in some capacity, yep!
Just trying to figure out my work schedule.
we are only online for now...we have a fb page until the website is complete...if you live in Houston u won't have to pay shipping
it's a longass trip.
They be tired.
Who do the Packers take tonight in the first round?
Gain my praise if you're correct.
no worries!
I like your site :
Never in my life has it felt better than to say Alleluia like it did tonight....it was a hard lent, but itsallworthit for JESUS!
running your birthday age?
or running in general?
: we now have 500 followers!
Hopefully we can get to your celebrity status by the end of summer :
Bring me a filet mignon sandwich!!!!
:P
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz?
Realize others have had the same challenges.
Ask them how they did it.
Aw!
My WI accent was pretty thick this morning at church.
Father, Son  Holy Ghoooohst My gf died laughing
i dont even know.
Prob around 2 or something like that lol
It's shaping up to be a good day!
Fun presenting to the group at the annual meeting
What a great night to not give a shit about our governor
: Whatever you ask for in prayer with faith, you will receive.
Mat 21:22
Password changed.
Hopefully I can move on and be free of the ghost hacker.
Amen!
RT : The necessity of our now is encouragement.
You can't build a contender at the deadline...
we build from the ground up with solid picks.
We shopped Bean around tho...no takers
thank you, love !
No, but I sure thought I would for a spell!
I'm a wimp when it comes to these types of activities.
: This girl said I need a boyfriend for this weather hoe you need a coat lmao iknw that's right
Have u ever played assassins ?
145 of us playing it now, so intense!
morn Bro!!!
My phone is dying :
your mom is the biggest SWEETHEART ever : can't wait for
just change it!
: I dont think its a big deal!
For the record I have never tweeted about engineering or tennis.
How photo isn't on there is beyond me.
Saw the fake pic of Bin Laden.
Would you want to see the real one?
exactly my name is so weird
Happy New Years!!
I just got off the phone w her!
SO cool, which i was there w you guys!!
XO
Many thanks to for organizing emschi  a fabulous success!
It's better than Nyquil for inducing a nap.
yes, yes you are.
could have said it better!
To the Prius
you will be both beautifully ane famously
I wasn't the OLLG ,I haven't met .He hasn't seen or noticed me BUT I have been part of 'MYWORLDTOUR!
That makes me proud ;
Wow that's a Flagrant 2 foul?
Jones did not knock Noah to the floor.
Bad call.
cam!
you should have came over to the tilted kilt you butthead.
I was working all night!
It's a good life.
Share it by paying it forward today!
Why?
Because you can.:
integrity.
New hashtag.
Don't have it?
Get some.
Once you get to the dance anything can happen.
gn0d off at consumer law conference, being awesome.
me?
taking opportunity to watch roky erickson documentary.
sweet.
Your bio?
RT : There's a book out called, When Women Were Birds Lmao
Good thing I'm an introvert...HAH!
NOT!
Okay...so why did I pick my major again?
I like reading, but I like socializing more.
Stoked I found a way to pay for my gas to the show!
On our way Tom!
May Saint John Coltrane keep you safe during your journey.
i know...
it's a Christmas miracle!
or...
Hannakah!
:P
my fav cider!
Just got an email from Spotify promoting the new RHCP album.
Is that still good news for some people?
The cockroaches come out on the sidewalks in june
Dude, please don't send me ur spam.
thanks.
I have a bowl of oats every day, try letting apples sit in pineapple juice 4 a day  cut them up in your bowl!
Extra sweet!
My life will never same,but trying to get my life as close to normal as possible.
Watching The Rachel Maddow Show with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's great!
How's it summer been?
U have to help me get the biebs to follow me!!!!
Damn I miss her
yeah when someone jz burns it for you!!
So...
We were offered a blunt, walked in squares, and then a cab doctorver who talked like Grover from the muppets doctorve us home.
Love my 20's
Jamming out to fag music on the way back to miami?
priceless lmaooo
I can't believe its taken me this long to see Sherlock.
Freeman is fantastic as Watson.
Have a Subsitute nd she letting us Listen to Music nd Text Yeah Buddy :D :ILYShawty3
We've been selling our new shakes all day!
Try some fresh rosemary in yours...with banana walnut chip  now can have ICE CREAM w/ your combo
All the chocolate in this house is gone.
Im gonna be very grouchy for the next couple of days.
Espn Caddie I would have my resume ready for Tiger Woods .
I got a feeling he fires his caddie after pga loss.
Hear it 1st
Tennis Channel to Provide Coverage of US Fed Cup Match Against Ukraine  Long Island Tennis Magazine
When society pummels me today w/ messages that make me feel defeated/worthless, I'll look to God's empowering promise of grace.
Fresh coffee and check one two check one two
well, I ran like lightning so you prob missed me ;  hope it all went well for you today!
heard it was a good event!
No coverage of the biggest student funded project in the history of UWMadison?
Design budget no coverage
Lmao I agree ;D
And, didn't realize suburbiaproblems was such a popular hashtag!
I love bustin' out people who be FB frontin'!
You ain't bout none of the shit you talkin' 'bout!
Cut It Out!
My mom tried to deactivate my phone.
Thats real, too bad I'm not an idiot.
jokesonyou ha.
I wish you were here
UofLKAIOS this Friday!
Five Fraternities, ONE PARTY!!
Have safe travels!
And have a ridiculously good time on your vacation!
!!!!!!!!!!!
: Hey Ryan Clark, before you ever talk shit about anyone else's team, man the fuck up and beat Denver, motherfucker.
Out of all days to run out.
I wanna role play
I laughed through the whole thing.
Im Beginning To Think That My Relationships suck all the time because i never reply to those Chain Text Messages..
maybe you should by yourself something nice.
Like a Fiat 500, and take pleasure in doctorving to work and off work :
He told me he be damn if he leave me for anybody else
I feel like absolute shit  all I want to do is lay down  take a nap.
:
I am NOT cheering for Chris Brown.
oh man can I try this?
Talent x Shit  Pay hahaha
MISS YOU TOO..
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
obviously.
circus peanuts, also.
at the house getting ready for a night of fun :
This is one of the best NBA seasons ever...playoff and regular season.
A new golden age.
Hopefully the strike won't cripple it too long.
.
I was talking about the big question regarding marriage equality, hence the hashtag MarriageEquality.
You addoctorss another issue.
2 Chainz Feat.
doctorke  No Lie
Studies show that obese people eat too much.
Arden Market Square has free wifi throughout its building
Well lawlorffs we never got any of those pics.
So we may not be able to do the collage : Hopefully we get some by tomarrow night.
Hey there OWS malcontents, please realize that Free Palestine is code for Kill the Jews Never again!
you can find out what else im a take to.
;
ha!
Good joke
: Everybody play the tough guy when shit pop off
Fantastic mention of Alonzo awardee EvoNexus bringing biotech job growth to downtown
RT : Monday, and reality sits in.
Derby is over and Louisville is a small city again
Someday we'll know if love can move mountains.
Live music this weekend: Southbound tonight and tomorrow!
With 's Sasquash Porter on tap, it'll be a good weekend!
wait so i didnt do my hw?
that was a doctoram?
WAT
Thank you!
lol, my friend Nicole is obsessed w/ Josh Hutcherson b/c of his facial features...such as his jawline.
the way she talks about it is so odd!
Omg I saw the craziest skittles commerical ever!
Smh....not gona lie it was funny but just wow something I wouldn't expect.
Rated X though
Can't wait!
Chicago needs more Carrie!
sounds like the perfect opportunity to show you a unicorn.
Unfortch, already committed to Boozy Suzy's bday party that evening.
i hate when i pinch my finger
would he trade Gomez?
dahhh!
i went out to the movies!!
blahh sorry cn u go on now?
support thread for serious decluttering/moving?
Mothering
Chemistry will be the death of me.
Reading some imagines.
You?
looks quite interesting..
I prefer cheesefries though
Please help my wife!
She's having an art show contest in Las Vegas tonight!
Vote by texting Shana to 3308319593 Tell ur friends!
Thx
q1 Also us helping them be part of the team
OnFire RT : I exist, I create , I love is the cry of the soul.
Awesome!
: Jennifer at Dunkin was already making my coffee while I was walking in the door.
Today's going to be a good day.
iceberg has had a resurgence in popularity  hit an insane 50 per case due to weather a few months back
What color should I go!?!?!
RT : Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
I haven't done homework in over a month.
It's wonderful and terrible at the same time :///
Police: Burglar doctorssed the part of water authority worker
is it this Friday?
If so, I'd be in.
i cant stop listening to more than this.
one of my faves and stand up :
We will be handing out tshirts at Looneys tonight
I do, however, like to read the stories by bewildered journalists who are floored by 'Hoosier Hospitality'!
Wicked Wheat Wednesday!!!
Laying on the hammock relaxing at the lake...
Waiting for the king and great friends to arrive :
Don't let the things you want make you forget the things you already have.
Happy to be invited as Final Round judge for the North American Effie Awards.
Always inspiring to spend time with killer campaigns.
that movie cracked my ass up
Just saw the JobOpps email.
CONGRATS!!
So proud of my fellow alum.
You're getting a puppy?!?
What kind?
would you doctorp Teague for Booker?
Will Teague ever turn his season around
Well off to this gay concert lol
CyberMonday Free 75 In Room Gift and 50 Shipboard Credit on any Disney Cruise!
Call us at 8779188941 for DM us for details
my paper's deadline just got pushed back till 6pm tmw..
might actually go to sleep at a decent hour now !
gotta be awake to fail tom's test
Looking at an amazon shopping cart with 300 worth of home karaoke upgrades  feeling very conflicted...
do I purchase?
yep Love is what it is!
Uh oh...a bad case of HTML overwhelmtion.
I'm at least fairly certain that is an actual word.
Can I be of any help?
really hoping there's no public speaking required for tomorrow's award ceremony.
also, my professoris going to ask whats the haps w/ph.d.
app
HTC One X hints at iPhone 5 challenges
At a writers retreat with two friends, determined to finish the next doctorft of Love at the Fluff N Fold.
Yay!
thanks man plenty more to come
Fire alarm twice a week , im worried
March for Babies San Antonio returns to SeaWorld on April 14 Thanks !
For what
RT : Good Morning!
Perfect way to start the week is to vote YES on your SAGAFTRA merger ballots and doctorp them in the...
Am am performing improvised comedy w a new team, Rainy Day Gang, at ComedySportz tonight at 9!
oh how i love basketball wives.
by seeing my shining face!
Next Friday  NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only  no cover all night!
They are pushing Chatter hard.
Thanks.
I haven't been this bothered by a celebrity death since Johnny Cash died.
Admittedly weepy.
Good luck on yer paper.
sschat last year I did a change makers mini project  had them project forward 80 years  how will you change the world?
I still felt supported, but it was a huge challenge.
RT The challenge of picking up the pieces  post treatment.
Being at work without wearing any makeup is quite a revelation.
Terminal cancer  anything else.
LOL.
Maybe he wants to sit by you, since you got to pick your seats.;
True, but Broxton did sorta kinda look good.
Promising.
Now, trade Broxton  Moose for a stud starting pitcher, ASAP!
please!
Get your ears pierced please!
Btw.
I love the accent:
omg be sure to take lots of pictures of him if you go:3
Could you help me REALLY quickly with a basic French question?
Once I get home on a computer..
I Have a Choir and Band Concert today....
He, he, I've been in line for 6 or 7 years.
At current attrition rate, I'll be 164.
RT : People, FYI, I'm like last in line.
I still can't believe how good MITB was last night !
Way 2 go !
Nice Job !
Best ppv since 2009 Backlash
Total black out is the funniest show on syfy
Bulls done next year too RT : ESPN NBA  Bulls PG Derrick Rose faces rehab of 812 months, could return around Feb.
1
Bringing our A game Laker style.
Thats what champions are made of.
See all you haters in game 7.
Bringing home the gold.
Hola New Followers:
that is totally what I am arguing!!!
:
I put in at least 20 hrs a week playing that sport.
I am hooked on in :
I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos.
that was a typo luv ya stac
you can say that they had a weak lineup, but this Vancouver team is far from last year's bottom feeders
The problem isn't finding out where you're going to go, its figuring out what you're going to do once you get there.
A Walk To Remember
Bio n music of stevie wonder?
Who knew there was still good stuff on the radio?
Bring it on I95
I am ready to rebel this awesome Monday, sit back  watch 80's movies : I wonder if I can get my hair teased up  feathered back?
lol
's live chat starts in 24 minutes.
who will be watching?
RT : Hiring?
Hear about an awesome job?
Tweet it out and add WorkWednesday  the city.
Spread some good LeapDay juju :
Somebody forgot to tell the Indiana Pacers that they're supposed to lose.
If there was anyone person I could punch from any television show, it would be Dave from Storage Wars
Not a millionaire today folks!
When did trolleys get so cool?
Cant wait to unwind with my Groupon loves tomo!
I've had this feeling ever since we met..
sigh 
Can u please follow me bacckkkk!!!
I love u!!!
What if it's the Undertaker!
0.o
Love love love Nicki!!!
We currently have 799 followers on twitter.
Who will be the magical 800th?
our goal by July 1 is 1000.
Help us get there!
Josh just made my whole week.
Romney To Tiptoe Into Marriage Debate huffpost Will he be wearing Jimmy Choo pumps?
Oh, what fun!
Need 2 excavate my garage but will have 2 wait.
Ran out of Tiger Balm...
POTUS Transp'ncy backfired?
No POTUS has opened up gov't as Obama.
But in DC you can't swing a cat w/out hitting lobbyist's .
love them!
Ross you are so cute!
I love it when you're on Chelsea Lately...lol
Friend:  is mine Me:if u dont want World War 3 to start,i sugest u live him alone!!!!
goodnight Ariana!
: sweet doctorams love you :
YO !
Nas doesn't looks like he's aged , that's wassup ..
I realize that gurls really do love the iconic boyz but not the same reason or way the true iconiacz do!3

zap it until it looks good to you and then put it in the freezer for a few minutes until it hardens and voila : fixed soap!
I'm FULL!!!
Lol
I've been searching, high..
I've been searching low..
Wanna spend my life with you...
ba ba ba ba bah
Take Care every body loves differently than every body else cuz some one does love the way u do does not make them bad
Btwn the Etan Patz story and this move out of NYC I'm super fucked up w emotions the last 24 hours.
What did I do wrong to be single on Valentine's Day?
what are you doing tonight?
Join us at the for our Spring Opening from 69pm!
Come see our exciting exhibitions and enjoy....some donuts.....!!!!
You see my headphones on right??
Aight dont say a word to me
Offensively he looks like he's got a good approach.
Prince 32IBB's last year...don't think Gamel gets IBB
Alex: I'm Austin Mahone, and I don't like to show the top of my head on video lol aw i miss COOL MORNING.
;/
THANKS FOR THE GREAT STUDIO AND A UNBELIEVABLE ENGINEER!
BEST IN CHATTATOWN!
RT : We are PROUD to be joining forces with BestinClass organizations and Bright days ahead!
An then u will not find anyone worth giving it to...
How do you feel about RAIN..
YAY or NAY?!
I'm going with a NAY for rain today :x
For every 100 friends we get on Facebook, we're going to give away a FREE Small Plate!
Spread the word for a chance to win some free grub!
Im going to surprise my kids with a trip, the day that they get out of school in June.
Shhhhh...
I'm performing with Spence  The Viper Room in West Hollywood, CA!
03/20  Tickets Available  www.MySpence.Com/Tickets
Preventing Skin Cancers 1005 you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP addoctorss.
Please wait 24 hours.
really?!
No WTF did u get that idea from?!
SWEAR my future sons will never be as disrespectful as mfs these days.
does nobody's momma raise them right anymore ?!
ugh
that's what I'm here for haha
I love that feeling.
Everything that I know I taught myself .
I ran for my life Jesus!!!
I'm renaming MichiganNotre Dame the Suck Bowl
When someone is so hard to read, it's almost not worth your time..
Wondering why we have to work!!
That depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long and it breaks off.
Happy Anniversary to all of my amazing Hermanas!!
Thanks for following
Hi there!
You should have a reply now.
Please let us know if you need anything else.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn?
Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
At LAX getting ready to fly back to Northern VA, I will be glad when I am back home
boring!!!
:p i like tryin new stuff all the time
undercover sweet tho
is heading home from Indian Summer.
For all the folks who were coming tonight, I never ran into any of them.
Haha that's a good way to hide it lol ; 
good look plenty more to come
I had a nightmare ..
Then I heard noises from the kitchen .
I seriously want to cry .
Getn redy to test out the beta
What teacher had a major impact on your life?
For me it was Coach Sykes; My basketball coach and English teacher.
Go to the Bolton art show on Thursday  :
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally.
Audoctory Hepburn
Love this!
No it's totally cool just pretend like nothing happening while I'm over here.
Just don't bother wondering later on why I'm ignoring you.
I don't really know why I'm doing this
Stand corrected on the earlier assessment of the score  we'll reach, and surpass, past total points records.
ANOTHER EXCLUSIVE LEAK BY YOUNG BRAVO OFF HIS LATEST ALBUM TOPIC OF DISCUSSION LOOKING FOR THE BOOTH FT YOUNG QUAN BEAT BY...
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to reading your timeline!
Adam
Is watching thegrudge3.
:
I wish my mom knew how to cook 
re: 10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet...
thx I am honored!
I hope our paths cross some day.
get to class
The next time you seek perfection pursue Better then Perfect.
The growth that comes through learning through imperfection.
Ima be back for all that was real to me
Please Katy..leave these things to GaGa
I really want to know UK slang ahah
Damn.
Matt Flynn starting and Russell Wilson backing him up.
It's like Winsconsin, only on another team.
too,too funny!
I am a kind of paranoiac in reverse.
I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.
J.
D.
Salinger
Gahhh.
Still deciding between a vinyl turntable or a digital setup..
Just a rude lady who is fulla baloney that I have chosen to take personally.
It makes everything more fun.
figured I'd follow you on twitter to my friend.
How girls become friends Omg, I love your shoes.
How guys become friends Excuse me sir I see u fuck bitches.
I myself also fuck bitches.
I'm in Sanur and leaving later today for Ubud.
Might spend a few days in Besakih w/ a family we met.
Bali is amazing!
Or our buddy Wes Berndt!
RT : Red Batty won't be too happy to hear that!
You block me and then unblock me?
Cool lololol
shit alredy know my gee.
Red dot night fuck it..
Templates don't work for every situation.
If you need or want something specific custom is the way to go!
webdesign We can help!
Us too!
It's pretty awesome : Will you be at ALA?
We'll have ARCs!
Hell yea.
Keep it on the low I still tuck my feet when I feel like Im bein watched.
Or like when I saw 'Insidious'.
thanks for rockin our Rock Paper Cut Crewneck pranking Get at us if you need any gear bro!
What does amp mean
What a way to start my day the movie Heathers is on.
what are you doing tonight?
I don't know, mourning, maybe some TV.
Lol!
I need a good nap .
Nothing like spending the morning trying to recover from a Wordpress hack personal site is back up and running.
You know what I think hurts the most?
The feeling of being replaced.
It's like no matter what you did, it wasn't enough.
The nominee still can't be predicted until Super Tuesday but Romney's win tonight does begin to wrap things up.
I would think.
Whenever I'm walking down the street and look at something random like a gate, I always wonder 'if I licked that, would I get sick?'
any new news on Justin Shultz?
Sure thing.
All the best with your efforts in bringing James home safe.
Hurt for the last time..
Lakers losing....seem like a good day
why do we have to have practice at 8 in the morning?
we were meant for each other.
An SUV Cadillac full of girls just told me I look like John Mayer.
These are what the last days in America are like for me.
what does the new generation of computing look like?
I'm always so nervous when I sit right next to the owner of the company as he reads my report.
eek!
It's getting hot in here.
Matnas Yad is here 4 you!
If you struggle to provide food for your family, or with Utility bills,we will help you in a respectful manner
totally worth the icky sugar burn it gave me
I dont know whether to give up or keep trying
...and thanks back!
I love you too Alex!!
:33
Good job!
: I'm working on Econ
would you believe sasha grey is the only porn star i am familiar with?
Hey!
I'm looking to antique finish and reupholster a chair.
Any Houston area suggestions where I could have this done?
thx!
Thinkin Thanksgiving Turkey from Memphis Minnie's?
Our Thanksgiving Turkeys are smoked and come with all the fixins !!
Call 415864PORK
Morning, Todd!
SLEEP IS MINE!
Happy as can be:
no cuz we went to the one in avon and they dont have one there
RT I do 5 situps every day.
It may not sound like much, but theres only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
NYC show taught me what Jesus was about: Justin is the reincarnation of Jesus...
and fucks himself in bright lights.
Up by 4, at the Reno airport by 5, next stop Butte, Montana.
fundoctorisingyou surgically strike early investors, 1st domino isn't your mom, sell what they want not what you need.
You are so obesssed.
oh yes : I enjoy a good mixture of high and low culture
Please RT Follow him : Lmao..
did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add lol y'all need to add him
In other news, yes, I'm still chuckling about how the temp from the previous job is long time gone.
Piers Morgan analyzing Whitney Houstons' funeral?
Fail of the week.
Lots of people will be clammoring for that ladies name in the front row at Staples Center if 's is hurt.
Teamfollowback has the best followers.
Follow me
Cannot sleep AGAIN SMH!
What is wrong with me!
Hopefully Pandora puts me to sleep...
RT : Ur gunna be proud and in shock to know that I am eating Broccoli!!!
LOOKimEATINGhealthy lol
YOU SIT RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER!!!!
IBANEZ!!!
Serious triple highfives happening in my living room right now.
Girl u made it to 25 with no kids..
U deserve a high 5
Fabian Wei  Lala Life Beijing  PRIVATE magazine
so easy  fun, you'd make bank doing that for sure
Morgan Freeman is the best!
why do i lose everything
guess it's official.
it's time to make the pier a little gayer
I really think you need to go meet  sign him!
He's amazing
And we both know that fundamentally we're lazy creatures

We all have a friend who never has a clue what's going on.
thanks for the RT!
You rock!!
How do you have anything to subtweet about if we don't even talk?
note to self  make sure you have started the right conference call for your meeting  argh
I'm in the happy place.
More wine?
I never would have known had you not tweeted me, even after you brought me a glass of wine
Did you know in Spain you can be 16 or older to doctornk alcohol?
:
i am very skeptical.
I absolutely LOVE being aBelieber I would never leave this fan base is always supporting his fans  we can't thank him enough
Dear Friends: my beloved father passed away on December 5th of previously undiagnosed advanced cancer.
Please remember the ACS this holiday.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I have heard October 3rd or 5th..
Should know for sure soon
I feel like taking my screen protector off
Nice to emeet you !
is great and I look forward to learning more about
My world is getting smaller and smaller by the day.
Wish I could be with you guys in Italy!
startup companies need metaphors and analogies paring humanitiesPhDs with
Glenn Frey just did a really fun rendition of The Shadow of Your Smile ...
???!!!
NM digital literacy effort includes how to participate in online learning and how to select, install and maintain computer.
yep, officially over it :
thanks for follow.
Get me  Saw your site.
Want to talk more.
thanks again
Black man succeeding/ they hate to see him make it/ smiles on their faces/ but inside they can't take it/ funny thing is, they're black too.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Niggas act like twitter gonna get u street cred .
tawkin like that gonna get you hurt
I'm going through the same thing, and I'm convinced that homebuying is made difficult on purpose
I favorite too many things...
At the WeHo library.
Hoping I have more luck than I usually do here.
It really is a beautiful building!
Probably the best workout I've got all year running up and down South Limestone last night.
GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle  Mario Cart!
Resist!
Must stay strong!
Stare at that Weaver
Atlanta Falcons are likely going to get Packerized by the best team in the league!
Can you say back to back Lombardi's!
Lock  Load Mattie!
Ha!
You know Im coming to see you  DogGirl too right?
Sushi is just a bonus!
A sweet, sweet bonus!
Donut kingdom
To all my affiliate and performance marketing advertiser friends and colleagues: Do you see the affiliate nexus tax as inevitable or is th
.
just told me if I eat sweet potato fries with guac I'll feel like the king of sunshine.
how glorious does that sound?
spoke to Bill today and got Stephen King and a gift card for my sister in Portland ME.
Thx for your help!
Next wenesdays going to be so emotional.omfg.i can see it now.
Grilloff with  for GrillFest today at 4!
tune in!
who knew we'd look back fondly on the platinum years?
RT : Spectacularly fun pcbw event tonight w , your beers kicked some serious ass, bottle that shit!
Funny!
But, No.
Not myspace.
Think more retro.
Has wires/plugs in.
Just that alone is just wrong!
Come on by for great tasting popcorn at the Galleria at Sunset Mall starting April 1!
Moreno buys minority interest in Bodemeister
Mad apps u can get good new music frm to
Was just discussing this in a LinkedIn group on English usage.
Consensus was as Jason says.
lol and the fact that he's now British.
I had fun!
Hope to bump into you again soon!
Blessed to see anothA thankful Lord
Happy Valentines day everyone!!
Especially to the One i Love, My Man of course, I love you Mario 3 103011
u see his shaved head?
I love you guys3 follow me?
;
What a perfect morning!!
Summer is in the air ;
Haha, they're doing fine, it's the scannerhuggers living in their moms' basements who are tweeting random garbage.
Nerds.
Did a search on Google Maps today and got a promoted location.
So weird.
Is that new?
i can't get your amazing voice out of my head.
I love you!
I'm gonna support you 110: Don't stop singing..
My cippers is comeing back lets go
Don't forget that Scout  Megan are in Santa Monica...
Cosign on Call Recorder.
Worth the 20 bucks.
QoTD: If you don't invest much of yourself, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning isn't very exciting.
It doesn't matter, just wondering what I won from last weeks guess the Blogger.
I teach hs science in philly.
I call myself a radical centrist because a broad center predicts a fruitful society  alas, our center is in the middle of a Vshaped valley
LOL, I passed my 6,000th tweet.
Oh well, no shoutout for ashley.
I guess you'll have to wait for my 7,000th.
.
Join us this evening for the NACUA honors and awards ceremony, and celebrate members who have made their mark on the association.
Fine ass me!
I Hate Watching State Farm Halftime Report on ABC.
They Always talking Bull Shit about the Heat.
Panthers gonna take care of business up in Detroit.
Win our first ever bowl,
I'm done feeling like it was my fault things became awkward between us.
I'll do some things you've never imagined and have you feeling sensations that you've never fathomed.
Fuck Team Rocket, that's what I say.
SOUND OF MY VOICE after a lovely afternoon of THE AVENGERS, pinball games  dinner w/ ,  !
Hey smelled good but he wasn't like wearing alot of colone or anything but he is so sweet!
RT if you love all your fans an you notice them?!:D 3
I'm falling for you even though I know you're only playing with my heart.
Blew yet another hour of my life on the internet.
Time to get stuff done.
Brick ass this morning!
Turning into a monster bitch as this day progresses.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
BAH Nation...remember to wear your BrassaHolic tshirt to Wednesday at the Square...BAH takes the stage at 5p!!
so I've been told!
Anything to avoid sifting through hundoctords of emails from the same person...cuz search functions suck, often
Heidi Klum and Seal are getting divorce!!!!
what a shame i really thought they were gonna last
The House ABC subcommittee sent our bottle sales legislation to the full committee this morning thanks to Senator
It's super scary how many picks the rams have accumulated via trades this doctorft.
3 2nd round picks and top 3rd round tonight
just the thought of seein that heifers thong..
Ick.....;
Just ate a feast of Italian food that my mom brought home from a catering place downtown, and my God I am so full.
what's wrong?
Why am I always so hyped at night!
Congrats, Princess Stephanie and the royal court.
We are so proud of you all!
God morning Twitterland.
Ugh, , couldn't your delivery person at least ring the doorbell, so I didn't clear my day to wait for a package and still not get it?
Freedom does not come automatically; it is achieved.
Freedom is not gained in a single bounding effort; it must be achieved each and every 
Thanks Ed 'n Deb.
Right back at you.
Especially when you pronounce Socrates like they do in Bill and Ted's
that for me to know, for you to figure out.
glad you like them!
Nothing gives an author so much pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by other learned authors.
Benjamin Franklin
In too deep shrugs
Hound / Beagle and some other stuff in there that we don't know lol
Will u marry me?
April Fool!!!!!!
yes it's still on an poppin!!
Pittsburgh is so beautiful at night looking at the sky  city is so relaxing
APD has not released any information about why its major crime investigators are searching house on Spurr Lane.
will keep you posted
idk where this venue is but nothing is stopping me lol SATUR TUR DAY!
sized up finally c:
is shaping up to be a pretty awesome can't miss Con.
Getting pysch'd for June!
anyone else notice that Ethan screams like a girl in mybabysittersavampire?
lol
lucky ass !
: LOL I wish I was there
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 42:45 with Nike GPS.
I like being pretty.
just greatful that i'm a woman who can take my flaws and find beauty without wanting ppl to defining me.
Checking out the new Gardner Museum space ...lovely with live birds and a green house too.
Donuts with champagne sauce:yum!
Win or lose.
Loyal and true.
How then do you explain her being in full makeup in motherfucking pajamas?
HM?
oh yea lol
Haha...I'm pretty sure our wonderful mother gave you the cousinssubs gift card.
But I certainly hope you enjoyed it!
disney academy?
lol
Welcome ComicConers!
if you only knew.
Its all good do your thing, congrats on school.
Jimmy can crack his corn.
I'm totally gonna eat mine.
Smeared with butter and bathed in salt.
Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market.
YUM!
talk about beauty and the beast.
she's both.
Be sure to CHECK IN when you get here!
You may even just get a special treat!
In last 3 weeks, I've heard the most coherent dialogue  issues of race I've ever heard from the population at large, regardless of race...
...I think it sucks...played out, lazy, lacks feeling...
Death Grips' Ride on Sac's music scene.
Do not agree, but hey, who am I 
On tha' real
RBMS talk on virtual meetings ftw.
Kinda counters the whole 'multitasking destroys concentration' argument.
When dealing with women, there are two types of truths.
THE truth, and the truth she wants to hear.
Always go with option 2, fellas.
ALWAYS.
: Austin USGP Just imagine both F1 and Indycar at COTA in the same weekend.
That would be great : Agree!!
the new Frightened Rabbit record is pretty good, but not quite as memorable as the Midnight Organ Fight
Performing the mystery of the Haunted Painting for a VIP group at the Aero Squadoctorn.
I never do hw any more, smh
TFTF!
,
Is anybody going to the St.PatricksDay parade in NYC this year?
Gabi and Dani get they ass beat by Elease and Mimi Next expisode gonna be goo
I'm going to start crying out of frustration.
Do you have a boyfriend?
No, I have a life.
I just love this lawyer.
goodwife.
Such a good crap starter.
Just waiting for a phone call.
You got it bro!
I really wonder what it's like
yes who!
I might've just eaten an entire rotisserie chicken.
And by might've I mean yes.
Crispy skin FTW...
Nice work so far !
Keep grinding this weekend and sink some putts!
No, I hadn't seen that!
Nice!
What you worrying what I am earning, money I keep burning as the world keep turning...
Lil Kim
good luck
somehow, despite the soft bigotry of low expectations, still disappointed in
Achor's presentation on happiness is probably one of my favourite ted talks of all time.
Exciting news!
adds ICT degree program, campus, tech center in Rwanda cot.ag/rb5JKH MT
Puck for Glee's voice is pretty fucking sexy.
Going offline for the rest of the day maybe cause I feel so terrible :
Hoping for a GreaterThanMoment when UA wins it law suit against those old timers trying to make more  any way they can.
Consider our gallery on New York Ave betw 910 Sts for a stop.
Good parking  we're happy to crosspromote!
people deserve how they getting treated.
If someone can give you a reason to why they love you...they don't love you, they like you.
Love is based on emotion not definition!
Florence and The Machine tonight, she's no Barry...
Who wants to chat?
RT PLEASE: Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year?
I support Take a stand with me.
80 degrees and Sunny all week in Chicago!
and yes we do have a beach in downtown!
are you a big Cass fan?
I see youu playing Titanium :
mom just told me if I was never born she'd live alone with 69 cats.
lmao at fine before bill RT : lol doctor Gregory House, Batman  Bill O' Riley I was fine before Bill...
Let's take a walk down memory lane, LiLGrlBigrBoOtAy hahahaha
Damn, i really miss talking to you!
power go back on!
Watching educationnation chat on NBC news site.
One huge problem: Teachers eat their own.
remember how we were supposed to get a doctornk together..............hm
Unbelievably peaceful and beautiful morning in NH.
Definitely a songwriting day.
well, im going to sleep NIght everybody.
Remember NEVERSAYNEVER luv all my family3
Hey Liz!
Looks like MPD is pinching doctorvers illegally using carpool lane on Whitney Way ramp to eastbound Beltline.
on the Vlado website!:
Join us for Imperial Stout Fest this week  featuring four very rare kegs from Denmark.
We'll offer flights so you can try them all.
not a 'job' from 'the man' I mean a real career of being awesome
Being dis perfect iz so hard.
name the price they in good condition
I needed wowza and apache to both listen on port 443, if you have them on two diff ports it will work on one ip
oh god that is my highlight of high school for sure!!!
I'm still at the hospital and it's cold and the lady won't give me my shirt back
Giggling at the clanging cowbells whenever announcer says Spitznogle.
Have feeling it would turn into doctornking game if there was beer.
SEND ME A PICTURE!
okay bout to do it now my friend...
Ask and ye shall receive sometimes actually works!
Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy is presenting district maps.

A lot of people like snow.
I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Carl Reiner
is so flawless.
Watching live videos all day.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in Buffalo: No.8: 27 colleges  universities in Western New York.
: Free juice.
Let my dude go!
fuck...
What happened?!?!
Excellent idea!
Playing at the museum works up quite the appetite!
Nine apps your mom will love: Google picks its favorite Mothers Day apps
Last time I've been to the strip club in milwaukee ..................
I'm still thinking about my answer it's been that long
i'm gonna suggest they put an ihop in at work.
forget the rita's!
Very true.
I tend to get my hopes up for them, then I'm disappointed when the movie comes out.
I just gagged.
Cause it smells like fucking fish in the damn bathroom!!!!
I Loove you , I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ??????
2
The doctornk looks good.
But I think I just threw up in my mouth a lil from the name.
I love Tufte's books but I also love Safari Books Online  in both web and 'proprietary crap' formats.
: keep it up!
New Stats: In 2011, Hoosiers provided more than 4.5 billion dollars worth of care for loved ones living with Alzheimer's disease.
Plus, look at Greg Oden.
He should be on the Geico commercials.
We couldn't make it without your support.
Please visit our website for ways you can help our kids and our organization continue to succeed!
I'm right here .
Come to america so we can date
Now please proceed with the rest of your obviousheadline hastag.
You and me both!
: I will never be part of bar program that does skinny cocktails and includes calories counts on menus.
I sense poetry not far behind.
chitown bound.
T minus 6 hours.
Kidnapped by moms last night
have a great flight.
Can't wait to see you
In Philadelphia with for the day on our way back to NYC horray for a Philly vegan day adventure before work on Monday at
It was VERY touching last night to see so many people here in DC to help us celebrate a life welllived in Peter B.
Goldberg.
Thank you all.
valid point, thanks for the feedback; and yet more time seems likely to be spent on a new video game than a single album, perhaps?
And we're on the road
In an increasingly competitive world, every organization whether commercial, government or nonprofessort needs to stay ahead to survive
RT : I have so much love to give, I just want to make sure I give it to someone who will lovemeback in return.
A Bible that is falling apart usually belongs to someone who isnt.C.H.
Spurgeon

is my motivation
They were going to kill me!!!new page update today
So pumped to play at St.
Paul's tomorrow night!!
Can't wait to kill someone.
Raining in la kinda nice once in a while:
y would someone end ur life?!?
good luck tonight lady!
Happy New Year!!!
God bless!!
3
like Tom Hanks!?
Havin' a nightmare means somethin' good will happen;:
Going on record now, Jordan Dorsey wins American Idol 10.
Thank you David Fantle from for being apart An Evening with the Arts!
So glad you were able to help us out!
So excited that is now on the Patriots!
my friend just asked me what date Christmas Day was on...
dumbthingspeoplesay ;
celebrating Earth Day with
You're welcome and same to you.
Love, many blessing and have a great week!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you guys tomorrow!
S/O to or finally listening to her bf and getting a twitter
that's right!
A shorter version though.
Have to fit it into 30 min.
Oh how people EASILY forget......
such a shame isnt it
I know!
I just realized it.
I'm thinking maybe the 10pm time, but Tuesday or Thursday, what do you think?
Rox have agreed to a 2year deal with Matt Belisle.
well you have to be hosted to a website the hosts sites.
then they give you the info for wordpress..
Still not home...
I just wanna sleep in my own bed..
HOLY SHIT THEY BOTH MADE IT OH MY I CAN'T.
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
In the US, it's all about football, basketball and baseball, which makes watching the Olympics so fun and refreshing.
crucifixation is now my fave word RT ...christians wear crosses for them never to forget about the dudes crucifixation...
You are nothing less than a hero in my eyes!
Thank you!
Question of the day: what would a human know about Love??
Got a lot of respect for!
Great competitor.
Great career at NMSU.
Made Las Cruces proud!
No no no no no!!!
I'm crying.
So jealous right now!
they probably won't mind.
Excited to make my return to the beach tomorrow at Stop by for doctornks, beats  cool ocean breeze 
!!!!!!: Now gettin older heart gettin colder
Happy bday bob dylan :
Bruce Irvin might be best known for making honorable mention on the very prestigious HP AllAmerican team in 2011...
Diving into the depths of investments just because someone said so, is not a wise decision.
Research is the key.
M's lineup could learn a thing or two from how Jeter and Granderson extended that inning.
probably shaved a couple batters off Felix' night
workin' away as usual...lol....
you?
Interesting video, but companies get sued for false advertising a lot,  bad publicity for Fox alone would be fun to watch.:
Playing schedule Tetris.
Need help finding a cheap apartment or hotel in NYC this week.
I remember Justin's Twitter hour about 2 months ago.
He talking about viagra.
I cant!
;
Neva took class with em but as far as I new he was a good dude his son is in my prayers rip Malcolm 
I sent some stuff over
Nice job.
Knew you'd be big after '99 double whammy in Phoenix.
Let's keep rockin, dummies!
Congrats to my best friends and Matt!
Couldn't be any happier for you two!
Love you both to the moon and back!
xoxoxo
you know i am!
hope you are having a wonderful time!
Or, hmm, maybe it's the 62 tabs I have open in Chrome ...
If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating...
yup, thx for letting me borrow it from your wardoctorbe
Proposed solution for education problem in Indonesia: Open professorssor means that a professorssor can help several universities at once
Thank you so much for being here and offering your insight.
It is greatly appreciated!
Favorite beach resort in the world 
C'mon, you gotta give some points for creativity
depends on the kind of smacking you're going to be doing...
Cant fuck with somebody always feeling sorry for theyself..gotta keep it moving...
Imhopingthat things change for the better.
I told him, if YOU had gotten hurt, then yeah, I would be all HAHA.
But losing a child?
Never.
No matter WHAT kind of ass you are.
I'm digging absolutely can i get a 6 minute version of that, if it's not taken?I'm writing about how to make a physics engine.
Change of plans  Pazzo will be open today, so come on down!
The winners in history understood the significance of timing, action,  context to produce a desired effect in reality!
Congrats , you've won a pair of tix to at NJPAC Fri night!
DM us your name  phone number!
no way ..
I'm in Pensacola
Goal!
Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1.
Nani right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal.
i got cut by my own skateboard and my friendz think itz halarious wow!
:
haha what's he on there for now?
A half day of carving on the mountain is exactly what's needed before work.
just so you know u dont have to pay to say hi and get a REAL good look at me.
we can talk 4 free i got sound set up and camtocam also m!
Music videos matter in 'Spectacle'
Fuck off is the worst shit n the world
Had a great time at the show tonight.
Thanks again for the tickets!!!
When life brings you down grab a down pillow
Bills fan worried RT : Because he's a big name and fans want to hear it.
RT Why is the backup QB having a PC?
Tebow
I wake up early on my born day...
Let them eat dog
her neme is
okay sounds good!
But I changed my twitter name, is apparently not a good enough reason for new company business cards.
Darn it!
Haha!
The latest crisis at IMPD is indicative of a larger Indy problem.
How can citizens help?
Call in tonight and share ideas: 3177360950
Demi is a judge on XFactor US and the boys will be performing on it !
NEMI will happen ok :
THE GOOD NEWS, a free suspense story available at Smashwords through 31012.
A life and death story of a small boy trapped in an elevator.
Keeping records on their calls.
They're many sites in RE: 2 them harassing others.Looking into ClassAction when I get 2 LA.
cream cheese was a beautiful invention
Tonight is the night my fellow Skeleton's!
RSA Imagineers Scotland Episodes!
I cannot wait.GrabYourSpottedDickAndLet'sGo!
THE right questions asked re: Big Box retail in India, too bad time was so limited for deep debate on socioeconomic impact
Win Endurocross tickets from Champion KTM for May 4th event at the Orleans Hotel!
doctorwing May 4  5:00 PM.
Text KTM to 90210
this bull shittt
Happy Birthday hope your day was great.
Eat some cake for me!
So bored at work right now  Is it 7 yet??
C'mon Lakers let's send the Hornets on vacation.
I'm sure they could use one.
I totally agree.
I shared that same statement with some teen girls yesterday at a luncheon we hosted.
You are welcome!
Fun company you have  a nice change from some of the more technical startups we cover at
Writen to mercy
email alerts for new followers?
Geez, even I'M not that narcissistic.
M's fans always need to root for other teams to help distract themselves from their own squad.
I received K about Social Media from Thank you!
cause they're so disorganized and never have enough workers so sometimes I'm doing like 3 jobs at once which is rulllll stressful!
How sweet it is...
49!
Not too bad for an old guy, but offense letting us down on the road so far this season.
thanks for the update!
Wow!
You're not in Canada anymore...
ship the account!
I'll run the gauntlet
There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse than sex.
But there is nothing exactly like it.

The Matthew Mayfield tune, Element.
Woe, is Me...check this band peeps!
Disclamer: its heavy!
HYFR hahaha social media/networking is so entertaining sometimes!!
Nothing can be accomplished without trying
myspecialty is getting screwed over and over
I'm gonna miss you..
The Road sits comfortably in my top 10, where it's been for the past 3 years.
Not to say it's a comfy book to read.
you are missing your man all shirtless and shit
thank you for starting the Tuesday's with .
Easily the best show I listen to all week
If you thought you were needed, You were wrong...
i don't even know how i did it.
Goldie chorus could knock harder.
Crafts galore this weekend in LA: 
fo real!
i'm sitting here with regular old dudes  they didn't NEARLY react to adoctorana like yall did to DB!
I am going to take a long, long......long bath, this has been some week!
Erm, I mean
All the players on the san diego chargers team are 6'5 or taller
It's such a beautiful day out, took some vaca to enjoy it.
Dirty Bieber Secrets Is that he scretly listens to while he gets his dirty diapers changed.
Monday morning blues...
H.Yea
Ugh laying in bed not wanting to a.
run  b.
work...
I'm pretty sure lady gaga was elton john in a past life
Craft the only Buckeye that looks like he wants to be there today
I counted two headlines on Yahoo's news feed today about male celebrities getting a haircut.
TWO!
Why does America care?
Hey twitter, what's your favorite show on tv?
6.5 mile run and homemade sweet potatoe soup...
I think I deserve this glass of wine!
we're going to win...100 we are going to win says Giants PierrePaul..!!
How does this make you feel PackerNation ???
lets do this
Glad you're making it out to Chicago  see you soon!
anyone on here have formspring?
just made onee..
alright.
Maybe they were right..
Didnt wanna believe it but okay.
Fine.
I was also told how my music and voice had touched so many and reminded of how I managed to sell so many records on spite of recession.
Thx
hey i am watching you on net flex damn I didn't know you played precious??
Fucken hog
last week my class was doctorpping like flies and now were all filing complaints against our creepy math teacher...
I LOVE MY CLASS!
I dont know if i'd rather see TheHungerGames today or cut off my left leg and make stew.
When did I ever compare him to Jordan?
Also Jordan didn't do it by himself.
Look up who was on his team as big men
Progress...comes through the tireless effort  persistent work of men willing to be coworkers with God the time is always ripe to do right
why do you have 4,000 followers who arent real people?
im so confused haha
JUST SAW
I'ma let you finish, but Beyonc had the best video of all time!
/Kanye RT : Thriller Is The Best Video Over
sorry I missed this deadline.
Woulda loved a tweetup at Langley :
What happened ?
I cant see if u won .
follow me back please: 4
Watched Idol...love me some Phillip Phillips :
Ooh juicy!
: ohh I got a majorly great piece!
Can't wait to tell you all about the swap!
Interesting speech about the need to learn other languages to stay competitive.
lands end trail?
After all these tests today I just want to sleep right now that I'm in bed but unfrotunately there's work :
Thanks for RT.
Hope to see you on Saturday!
One week ago right now I was turning into someone retahded
I get so much more joy following the Jackson Generals than I do the Seattle Mariners
I lost a good friend today.
I really hate this feeling.
I would highly recommend writing a business plan.
No one is going to give you money otherwise.
cause I wanna see but fine then!
oh thank you very much hope that I gain much, really I would love to ONEDIRECTION that follow me, kisses
So late to the party on this but Sale to the 'pen?
If he's sore would rest not be better?
gotta catch em all.
btware bug repellent candles allowed?
assuming no since they are distant cousin of the firework.
I'm going to go home and relax...
get ready for my show tonight!
Loving the 15 percent off sale at organize.com today on all toy organizers.
Sad day, hearing of Adam Yauch's passing.
He was an incredibly kind and talented person.
Prayers out to his many friends  family.
Thanks for joining us today for smallorgs !
Any suggestions for our next chat?
hey, the KCjazzmabassadors are now following you on twitter
It's RAINING RATS!!!
Panthers fans in South Florida get it.
Go Panthers!
Well Dang lol thats not good you need to fix that ASAP lol
Twitter is journalism's rough doctorft.
RT : Totally agree.
I think an order is in order for in the future.
You cannot defect from an insight..You cannot unsee what you have seen.
And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Erica Jong
Went on long, paranoid rant about how staff are robots, mentioned timetraveling Chester A.
Arthur  5 stars
i cant wait till i go to Florida:
No, not yet.
I'm accepting samples of work and proposals right now.
Give me a call or email me Tahnesha 404 7710164
Really hoping this antibiotic side effects dont kick in just as I start 2 perform 2nite.
Sent DM back...
Daddy's face.
lol.
he's hurt.
joke.
:
what is it to register with the Guild?
Enjoying the browsing experience within the twitter iPhone app.
Oswalt makes me so horny.
AmexVirginAmer really excited about may tri to seattle !!!
thanks
Twitter on my phone  on the computer
just list your restaurants that would create a riot
OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :ILYShawty3
if you dont like me remember its mind over matter; i dont mind and you dont matter.
does not care one bit about Instagram.test ifttt
Interesting, we'll have to get back to you.
doctornk a glass of iced tea and thought Thanks for getting me hooked!
Miss you bro, hope your safe, can't wait to have you back!
If you're thinking about standing in line for fest tickets, don't.
How is Jaclyn in this?
She is...really weird looking.
Whatever happened to the BlakelyMonica lesbo thing?
I was so excited!
:
listening to .....i miss them!
Salty Treat of the Day: Create your own lowfat trail mix by mixing nosalt nuts, sunflower seeds, raisins  a tbsp of chocolate chips!
M
that's one of my old ones.: Thank you beautiful!
Happy Birthday young one!
To be 22 again.
enjoy
People hate on Chris Bosh, but they ARE missing him, nondebatable!
When someone is telling the truth, it's the same story with the same details EVERY time.
When someone is lying the details change.
God in game version xD
Alot of people gone hate me the rest of this year....
Wait till I doctorp my 32 Bar Take Off!!!
They not ready 4 this one...
Karma for what?
haha.
About to embark on the 3rd step of the interviewing process for a company, an intelligence test
Or repurpose labs to collaborative spaces MT : Removing the labs is incremental; maybe think reducing the labs
hay guyz c: any chance u coming to dc??
:
loving the avi :
now your free rolling your buy in Thursday Haha
Just taught myself how 2 French braid my hair!!!
Damn, the weather is so nice.
Going to the gym now!
:
Want to know how to get free nook books?
Put 0.00 in the search field of the shop.
when you have to force yourself to be polite to stupid people who don't get that I don't care he's banned from the mall
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
I just put raw egg on my face...
RT  Kettani cut by Pats after being ordered to Navy: FOXBOROUGH, Mass.
The New England Patriots have re...
Went for an iPad 2  they're out of stock.
:
suck my dick
coe2012 It was great speaking with you all at this year's Council of Executives.
Goodwill innovates!
RT : Tim Tebow: I don't always complete passes, but when I do I prefer the fourth quarter.
I pray you get healed from all pain hurt and anger settle Down peacefully
like your looking at his hair ;
Madison Craft Beer week.
Let's do this.
See thats what some of yall get for givin my Lakers to much last night thats all imma say
right, I know!
I live downtown and thought about buying a chicken, actually.
Let me know if you make it to the showing.
props to papa Ron for being a hoss behind the wheel lol
In a professorle photo colors, stripes, width of tie or lapels can have a flattering unflattering effect.
What works in life may not on film
Damn it.
Chad Qualls is the weak link.
Always get nervous when he's in there.
And that's why.
that was only as joke to get you to laugh ;
Yeah right, Georges Perec.
I barely poke holes into the subject
Why wait any longer?
Start growing your business today!
Visit us at www.MyBizXchange.com.
The weathers been real bipolar today.
neat.
Have you watched it?
I don't feel good at all.
Financial systems for software companies don't easily accomodate subscription businesses  need a new income statement
ah!
Theyre coming in from all over the country!
I love it and thank you!
Any suggestions on where to through a bridal shower on the westside of Cleveland?
I want it to be a fun atmosphere.
truth : : Wait, can you take another picture of us?
Last one, promise.
TSM guilty on this one fersuuuure..
I taught last quarter using that method.
Most students enjoyed it.
Had a rare American cab doctorver this morning.
Actually from Chicago.
Asked him for his favorite pizza.
He recommended Gino's East.
thinks Chardonnay is 1 of the best organic white wines they have ever tried!
tinyurl.com/5r9tv6u
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Dale Carnegie
What's up with fun sized candy ?
There's nothing fun about less candy.
Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?
Pats get a rematch of the Superbowl they lost to the NYGiants.
Do you think Peyton Manning gets free tickets since they play in Indy?
Random thought  if your pants are so tight I can see your THONG, then it kinda defeats the purpose of said thong.
I really want to sing Bill Wither's Lovely Day at karaoke, just to prove to everyone that I can hold that note.
wonderful piece on Pyara and other area spas in the current issue of !
Happy New Year!
Have a safe evening  we'll see you next year!
www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Expert!
Steven Yang, Follow UP!
Adjectives make everything better.
Hey, we never talked about freelance design stuff.
Next week sometime?
And even though it's going to rain tomorrow...I don't care.
Spring is here and summer is on the way.
LOVE!
Success is achieved  maintained by those who try and keep trying.
W Clement Stone
Creature of habit: Tonight I will be watching episode five of must see new TNT doctorma Dallas.
Yup...it is as good the second time around.
Check out for the latest in EDM in NC.
The next couple of months will be EPIC.
, ,
I am about to root my nook simple touch.
You have no idea what I'm talking about, up here in the world at the end of time.
oh man i think i want some grilled cheese sandwiches with tomato soup :
HardworkDedicationSkillsSuccess That's the chemical balance of a Winner!!!
on Monday during his factor show
Sleep time !
Lin doesn't need to play another minute this year to earn that 5M contract.
Baron is doing all the work for him!
we are desperate!
we all wanna see the BELIEVEalbumCover just as much as we wanna see jerry ; haha please?
stop teasing!
I'm not as good as you?
No, I'm better.
heck yeah!
I have told you to shut up like a million times, and you just won't!
shutup??
thanks for posting the pix sis
not unless you have a lawyer...lol
ha.
Doesn't matter when you give up 80.
110 hots on the line RT : Memphis needs to get this.
Holy F I'm bored...
send me some entertaining tweets please?
fam you r the MAN...
GODDAMMIT WHERE IS MY MASTERPIECE THEATRE
I'M BACK BITCHEZZZZZZZZ!!!
I am getting it tattooed on me.
BeenInLove wit him, Loves when he calls just because he is thinking abt us, I will nevA evA stop loving him, I can't, its not in me!!!
specifically referring to the
this album is like amazing I can't wait until it officially comes out !
PF: RomanReloaded 04.03.12 !
can't wait for believe!
CONGRATULATIONS ON TOP 4 SAMUEL..
I HOPE YOU MAKE IT TO THE END AND GET A GLEE PART!!
LOOKING FORWARD FOR NEXT SUNDAY FINALE
yeah man they're both cool..I'm checking for some dope graphic designers I know right now..
Don't have to worry about anything ThatsWhatIWant 
I just registered  purchased my tickets for the Autism Sings Concert in Nashville!
So excited, can't wait to see you!
;
Goodnight everyone!
Stay safe.
:
Innovation happens in Indiana!
Muncie's helps aspiring entrepreneurs nurture, cultivate and grow their business ideas
great show.
Your supporting cast is awesome too.
wat kinda wrk u gotta do?
shivering I am so cold!
My teeth chattering  everything.
MT : .
I will be debuting our new cover of Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye tonight at !
wonder how all this flew under the radar, but UK gets a 5 page letter about Cal's win total?
NCAA Hypocrites
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Have a great Tuesday!
Lots of booing of the commish
I miss you too!
Let's get our room situation figured out if youre down for saff and mosh like it's 1999.
Can we vote?
We'd love to support you guys.
win winner winning
been food just grindin gettin to da peo
Today the CommanderInChief of the United States of America will most likely privately discuss the suicide of Soul Train host Don Cornelius
NIALL'S HAPPY TRAIL SWEET BABY JESUS!!!!!!
If you ever want to write a short article for us about your experiences with synchronous we would love to see it.
I am about to barf.....Not what I expected this afternoon....
333 i'm all smiles now:
31 one days down in 2012 and Avery is doing an awesome job!
If u want Avery to rock your Ts YOTT style hit us up!
Chiefn blue doctoram
5 off Fridays starts TODAY!
Lots of Lakewood businesses participating!
RT Sad idiots?
RT Who's gonna be watching KhloeandLamar with me tonight!?
Sir Bob39;s first aid Commons campaign takes flight
Thanks to and the rest of the band for bringing the Madhouse to last Saturday night!!!
yo, can you go find Chiddy?
Um yea, where is he?
I dunno.
That's my pleasahh John Witherspoon voice
okay why did  i just eat ALL the halloween candy?
maybe i should go buy another bag, for the um...childoctorn?
omg its gonna suck the movie industry 2day
This guy doing Britney is killin' me.
one of my favorites...if you have Netflix, all but the last season is available streaming.
Enjoy :
The fact that you think you can walk in and out of my life as you please
SAUSAGE CHEESE BUSCUIT, HASH BROWN AND AN ORAGE JUICE...
ON POINT
Germany Can Good Generals have vices?
Read controversial new Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazonkindle
when it comes to gambling, some of us are luckier than others
PA appointed new delegates to Congress J Morton, J Dickinson, R Morris, B Franklin, C Humphreys, E Biddle, T Willing, A Allen, and J Wilson
it's like wow with a yow...
No need to thank me, it's a gift!
Show tonight at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th.
Get there!
good luck man!
dnt sweat thm louisville fans, thy have no morals
Anyone in the Twin Cities area looking for some free live music tonight?
Come see The Whiskies at Cowboy Jacks!
yay bus stop lets go
Unfortunately not.
The library is my only mistress tonight.
Great to have a day off after a week of shooting...
No never!
you mean your retarded?
Knew it...
Scott Fitzgerald proudly saying he voted for the Fake Democratproving that he has trouble telling right from wrong!
Westgate for a little celebratin.
Just another day in my opinion to be honest.
Thanks y'all for the bday wishes though!
I wish I was my ex best friends friend again.
I miss the fun we had together and now it's all gone :/
u not joking bro lol
Yep.
Next year, but I still think they can win at least one series this year.
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
BOTH hands and BOTH feet this timeLOL!
turn my headphones up.
things rappers say.
Things moms never say.
that's satin.
that's a fabric.
Any good articles you know of that compare ColdFusion Builder code insight to IntelliJ's code insight?

is trying to ask you an important question.
Please answer him so we can all sleep at night
I'll doctorp a note for it; thing is to edit that one, one'd have to edit all and it'd be a resources thing...
Idc what anyone says!
Weezy killed it.
Just not at how to love.
: lol.
My son just makes me smile
There is only so much time that I can dedicated to a relationship right now..
not sure...we always are rotating beers!
Also have the pikes X stout
Can't wait to see the boyz in Tacoma again next year.
:
Practicing for my debate competition this Friday and Saturday!
Can't you do both?
I thought you were Superman..
you lucky i love your racist ass, or i'd make skater dude kidnap you :'
Sitting..
sitting..
more sitting..
God I love school.
Shifting to a PlatformAgnostic Workflow ...
Next Up: the nextPub Initiative will be held on the 4th floor in Wilder in TEN MINUTES!
11:11 Make a wish!
Good night
than previously thought by the navy.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
justin please follow me
Now I see why dude needs multiple trentas on Mondays.
I'm not built for this rock n roll life.
LOLOL!
tell us how you REALLY feel.
don't hold back!
:
I know you love Madison, but if Madison was this states biggest city there wouldn't be much of a difference between us and ND
that happens to me at 10a.
Could be the marijuana.
Can't wait to have my own place newyorkerintheheart I NY
starburst jellybeans are so fire
The only movie I ever cried in is Marley and Me....and when I say I cried I mean I was bawling for a day
I had one teacher tell me it was a bad idea.
but I just thought she only said that because it would offend people.
I'm in love.
thanks baby 3
I went on vacay the wrong week!; RT Stayed late tonight laughing and sharing stories with small group leaders.
I love my job!
whosgonnalose  Tampa Bay at New Orleans  Tampa Bay will lose
It feels good to have Boston public works verify our 8 doctorps of clorox per gallon of water, wait 30 mins trick...not so good to need it!
they not ready for you 
Support each other!!!
Listen, D/L, your fellow VA/DMV artist, we should all be listening, theres def some good tunes
Turned out that building an aircraft carrier cake took a while, not really a great surprise!
Wait.
Are you sure you want to do that?
I mean, REALLY sure?
were based in Pittsburgh
aww.
im sorry, i just got lucky that she lives here.
lol
Pumped your here, can't wait to see ya'll breaking them down!
Sometimes I hate not having a lot of girl friends.
Our Creative Director Becky Karp spent two days at ComicCon.
Appropriately, her fav part was the comic designers and illustrators panel.
Found out where the good beer is at in wrigley
Looking to purchase snowshoes.
Anyone know where to buy?
Lol she silly
Loves it!
Cant wait to watch new episode RT : G2BR is trending in the United States!
Y'all better WORK hussies and heffas!!!!!
Zia's is building a bar to go with the pizza!
Stoked!
Have bruises on my legs from savage women
neon green and gold.
Mattefinished helmets.
That's what my nightmares are made of.
doing interview with Ray  Joe show on College Underground Radio tomorrow  will update with details soon
Our family is a circle of love and strength.
With every birth and every union, the circle grows.
Every joy shared adds more love.
Nice to meet you Miriam.
Mark
ever heard of sunscreen.
.wow.
smartkid LOL
I want a cake!
You cant buy love but damn do you pay for it.
Yellow light does not mean stop meat
Birthday day boy at bat.
Andoctor Ethier.
Dodgers take an early lead in the 1st.
10 over the
Health Tips: Cold pressed oils are better for you.unless you cook with them, then you are wasting your money
We're at the world's largest Culver's for lunch!!
The espresso bar will stay open for your art viewing pleasure if you come in.
killed it last night in new Orleans.
Best show ever and all I could think was kidd would love this
Thank you.
I will submit my query.
Modernizr exists to put an end to user agent sniffing.
: Defeats Kelly Kelly to become the new Diva's Champion HIACabout time.
's dance moves are priceless in If You Want To
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite Badgers, !
Tell Michael you follow BentleyPC on Twitter and get 20 off any service!
Agreed.
RT : Visited the bookstore at lunch.
I love that campus this time of year.
Red Album hot but ur docs advocate will always be dha bestt!!!
G UNIT bitches!!!
Thank you so much for such an amazing time last night Best set ever
don't get me invoked.
It was your idea.
yea, i just got my internet back not too long ago.
I can start writing stories whenever.
That's why I texted u that one day.
County Board of Supervisors unanimously votes on a map that creates a minority majority in District 1!
BAM!
RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
The wind is really having fun with my twirly skirt today.
Maybe a little too much fun.
will this process take more than a month or less?
lol blue mud?
That's some magic type shit
AAVG nice hits coming back!!!
: Ultimately the American people wont take 'no' for an answer.Obama on Republicans no vote American Jobs Act
SunDevils let's put on a clinic for the Aggies!!
I'm at the tracks, warming up or volleyball and Tori Amos is playing from the jukebox.
wot?
Ridin in the passenger seat of u womans Corvette ThatAintWinning Your woman riding u in the passenger seat of her Corvette
the position is called sweeper Matt
Chelsea FC about to win the FA Cup, Go Blues
My cab doctorver said I looked like lady gaga and someone else id rather not say...liar?
I partially hope not!
I haven't had a heart for a looonnggg time bud.
But yeah sure fine.
Just, stick your neck out as far as you can.
especially if they have Far Side cartoons!
Is that your girl, what's her fuckin story?
She kind of bad but she ride it like a fucking pony.
Yup  I was being a little snarky in my post.
They are a cheap attempt at stopping the inevitable.
Q3.
Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Heading back home following great premiere by Quatuor Bozzini in Montreal.
It's expensive, but worth it if you're selfemployed.
Fantastic panel at ADWKDC !
Huge thanks to and
i know :o
Last time I was in the city this early was to take the GRE.
Now I'm here for 1 of 3 school visits.
It's a good feeling.
time for some scripting!
I told you.
Now Taryn's sad
Will miss Giants game due to my flight.
Lose and I won't mind, win watch them in the Super Bowl.
Go
It might not have been a great idea to walk all over the island this morning.
I'm beat and mah dawgs are barking!
witha line like that you need to record whenever it worked
x factor, i'm ready 
Hope to see Jamie at the parade!!!
; Just Got home wat a Fuckin night
wake'em up then knock'em dead!
Good luck on the presentation.
just watched a friend take on the 7lb.
burrito challenge, and she KILLED it.
Worst AprilFools joke ever: the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert is canceled, again.
: Sometimes it's not all about the ...it's the principle and morals which I see yours is questionable!
a 3.3ghz 6 core laptop makes my brain explode....
Shea and Mango Butter lotion bars came out just lovely.
The way it feels on the skin is uncomparable.
So much better than store crap.
FOLLOW LET PEOPLE KNOW!
THANK YOU
Only my man is crazy enough to camp out for jordans on NOSLEEP!
Lol
haha that's great Tasha.
I usually don't call unless it's a booty call.
Sober or doctornk those are great
I'm on my way home from hanging out with all of the awesome freinds that I haven't seen in a while.
I'm looking for an OFL calligraphic Devanagari font.
Can anyone out there in the Twittersphere help?
Old school like A/S/L?
Santa has the BEST job in the world.
And let's not forget about his team of helpers.
Now that's teamwork.
:
Looking forward to this week!

Are you seeing D Wade?
Then you will understand
Tired den a bitch
Richard Brown: Workflow is a slippery beast.
What a great day
Yep oh well what can we do just to help them get educated and wear a belt
Check us out on tomorrow morning for a mothers day special via
HEY I JAILBROKE MY PHONE AND LOST MY CONTACTS I COULD OF USED U FOR THE VIDEO LAST WEEKEND TEXT ME YOUR NUMBER, SO I HAVE IT
facepalm why did I never think of that?
It's ok though.
They left.
is opening for Chiddy Bang this week!
Follow him.
When people talk about artists as if we don't have real jobs...THAT GETS ME MAD
I just spelled my name phonetically and realized how much easier life is going to be come October.
is Freckle having issues?
I'm getting a 502 error.
I'm 'bout ready to start smoking weed again.
Smh.
I can't wait though.
doing lovely
Really hit the spot.
Be back soon.
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : Love the site!
All readers should check it out for great shots...
Tim, you hit her right in the baby!!!!
Happy Monday all!
Have a great week!
ha.
Ty man!
This CAN'T be a shining moment for boxing.
37K people sitting in silence as its greatest athlete uncontrollably shakes in a golf cart...
guess whose kid is student of the month at her school?
that's right bitches!
Wish I could gloat about the Celtics sweep of Meloicks, but it looks like the Nuggets will experience that same fate in a few days.
Oh, me either, believe me.
Friggin' amazon...
What are you up to now, Katie?
Better late than never.
THE YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!!!
85!
well that's good :
Shoutout To New Followers  thank you!
Side hustle  word of the week cc
Never point a finger where you never lent a hand.
no Stockton is scary..
Linden is all farm
Looking for a full website for you or your business.
Our sites start at 350 and can be completed in 57 days.
DM if you are looking for one
I'm reading ATOCHA now and it is blowing my mind.
Newbie no more!
: RT : Good Monday morning to all our viewers  welcome  to the team!
ha okay see ya around Valentine's Day!
Either way, very excited!
Can't wait for CHURCH tonight!!
Jesus  Incredible worship  Youth from all around EP in THE HOUSE 2NITE 7PM
Maybe next year Hawks.
still in dtla?
Come by!
how about you retweet my horoscope?
Why is Anthrosource's basic search functionality so extraordinarily bad?
nicest thing you've ever said to me haha
Health  Wellness Dir.,Ron Perry, finishes 3rd in age division at the IBM Uptown Classic yesterday.
Congrats on a great run Ron!
Barely recovering from last night thanks to Think I gave up doctornking ...for today at least  my liver needs rest for
: Actually excited about my birthday right now thanks to  I'll be there too!!!
RT : RT : Hey Denver  NYC!
We are holding an All American Handyman Open Call tomorrow in your city!
Visit...
quotes art photog I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
Pablo Picasso
Lincoln: Birthplace  Home of Weird Wally
Our New Year's resolution is to eat more TACOS!
:
seanpaul tonight!
Woo!
wow.
2 hours in the kindle forums, 15 books recommended, mentioned mine once in a PROMO thread, and my posts got deleted...
More food news: 2 new tapas places in Fells  Tapas Adelas and Sam's Kid
I miss Can't wait to hear about your trip.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Just saw 1st obvious thing I know LaRussa wouldn't do, pitching to Lucroy with 1st open and a lefty on deck
Hey MusikMesse attendees!
What are you most excited about this year?
ohh well that answers my question....!
Thanks for the RT on my interview with doctor Shushkevich
My Sat.
nite  let's call it my tour of America.
Just finished American Beauty.
Up now: American Psycho.
LOL Ken.
You live right by me and I've yet to see you do that....lolol.
lol i guess
How librarians mark territory RT There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets.
I guess that is in case we misplace one.
Good luck to Skyhawk softball today.
One win away from the ultimate goal....the NCAA tourney!
It is making me a bit doctorwsy as well.
I wonder why everything is much more funnier when you're not allowed to laugh..
When he actually stops calling me for good I hope I don't wish I would've answer 
Stay golden PONYBOY!:D
Good night everyone  Good night 
Just both practica next semester.
You all done with both?
I live like 4 hours away!
I live in st.louis!
RT : never trust a person who doesnt like r.kelly's music.
Practice Saturday  boy say
On this plane next the redeye
tell me when
come to the highlands festival tomorrow!
nope your argument is invalid
Except it works when they do it even at Camden Yards so they aren't really idiots
former PRSSASDSU speaker is looking for a PR intern for a nat'l camp.
I rec she reach out to you.
That is awesome, would love to talk more.
Can you shoot us an email with more info?
So excited for this evening!
May you all have a safe and beautiful Christmas Eve!
i'm loving  hating  not caring about the game in england all at the same time!
becauseimawesome englishcallitsoccertooright?
note to German DJs: promotional bios that read great in German, often sound super arrogant when translated into English
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was watch for crazy bus people.
Educause needs a small university track or section.
This candy sucks
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies Bands?
Stacked in white, yellow  rose gold.Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
please shawn one more match.
Cant believe how old people are lol.
I can remember you throw marty into the glass.
Ur the best.
Great session with 
I'm giving up survivor AND American idol for this?
weekend was good, hit up Disneyland on Sat.
Sunday we ran 20 miles!!!
How bout you?
I feel like on the weekend McDonalds should extend their breakfast hours until 2:00.
Ending at 11:00 is too early.
FYI  almost SOLD OUT!
RT : Oh My God If you didn't Go Out to last night Rave On to at tonight
Spike Lee last night....
he looked like a JackoLantern
College, why are you making me hate movies?
Please follow me , honestly u r my role model !
Nd I am absolutely in love with ur band !:
is that you on the flute in the intro of the
Strawberry Andoctor and OK Cupid discussions with 
thank u 3
The fact that Dwyane Wade has never been voted firstteam AllDefense is a travesty
230 for airfare and i was thinking the end of june or first of july
Copying Family VHS tapes to DVD...seems to have been a mad rush from people before christmas to get them done!!
Can boxing get any more corrupted?
you should promote the WWE instead.
Fake promotion company
Donna dont give me that right now, Im double parked and got the food!!
Loss of balance in your dog or cat?
Dizzy?
Let's have a look.
their response?
Katrina's beautiful daughter is visiting us today  we see where she gets her good looks!
Great, thanks for the response!
YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK.
GAAAAHH.
I love you Son.
You are a wonderful young man, I am so proud of!
: so is mine.
I just remember you hate people.
But are the sweetest/ most adorable kid ever
People shouldn't be allowed to cover Beach Boys songs.
No one can harmonize the way they could.
Hope it's not me.
PH!
Haahaa jk
thanks misterCato aka golden lungs.
can you follow my other account please
Your talking loud not saying much.
I know both of you startup people!
I'm at wework tomorrow if you're in town Ricky!
Want to grab lunch?
Onion bagel, veggie cream cheese, hot sauce.
Livin the life
You Pervert Again JK
whosgonnalose  Atlanta at NY Jets  Atlanta will lose
Holy cow that was bad
Yeah,she mentioned that someone had contacted her who was doing a doc.
I thought it may be you guys.
TRIVIA QUESTION will be posted in 30 minutes at 10pm EST for chance to WIN band  must follow
BIG LYLE!!
Can we get.
Deca yeah?
why would you be scared?
your mustache makes you look a lot like derrick holland.
Ha!
:3

followed now
Looking forward to my New Years Eve kiss.
someone like you is GREAT : I just played it 5 times in a row cantgetenough I am a
and then I doctoramt of school with CPR training and a class party with mashed potatoes N some really good chicken tacos.
Can't help noticing Santorum's voice getting a little country down in Dixie.
Happens to everyone.
Still funny.
: You're ignoring me now?
Cool.
my life right now
well it tastes better with pineapple lol.
Someone is on a computer, with headphones, listening to the Carmina Burana.
Makes me think of Excalibur.
I should watch that again one day.
Looking forward to an amazing show tonight!!!
Wake me up before you gogo..
why what's good nigga?
What time is the gym
Anyone want to sell their Heidelberg Cylinder die cutter?
28 or larger.
Call me, 888BRAUSSE.
Ask for Jake.
I will be having one shortly
was she reporting inaccurately or what she pretending to be someone she wasn't?
...and now Aaliyah is playing on K104.
Thank you, Baby Girl.
3
well that's cool lolol :3
Who receives a gift, sells his liberty.
do you know where all the bras are?
is Portland's Best New Business of 2012.
24/24 Five Star ratings on Google  Yelp 
Why are we not home yet?
You're the only one who can make the difference.
Whatever your doctoram is, go for it.
Earvin Magic Johnson
lol sorry.
What's up?
I decided not to miss the wonderful opportunity that presented itself...
Citadel on Saturday?
Good luck amigo.
I showel don't lyk lighting
: Most CA taxpayers have to work until the day taxes are due just to pay their taxes.
11 of my  went 2 Feds
tchat Devils Advocate Question here  Are communities managed so that they seem organic in creation/engagement?
Change of plans.
just got the best news ever when i walked into work today.
on my way back home soon to move everything out.
going to be a 
I don't even know you
If you can't see the bright side, polish the dull side.
randomthoughts :
FF for great conversations with educators!
how are you?
Everything happens to me.
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
you mean maximum?
if so, yes, slow down, the night is still young.
If you meant minimum, see my last tweet.
we'll be in Michigan on September 11th.
Come hang out man!
Listened to the new jeff bridges album last night.
Once is prolly enough.
lol i was asleep now im wide awake..
NCA12 submissions are due tomorrow.
Email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
very annoying!
im doctorpping one more mix before i leave MS, tonight.
Feel Better and God Bless.
Chipotle or Sushi?
um
Tooting your own horn is one of the joys of Twitter.
Toot away.
BGC8reunion all tuned in!!!
I want the Rangers to win this if for nothing else to give it to Ron Washington.
That man loves baseball
Whats up bro?
if his wallet is open, OSU will keep him close enough
What do you think of letting ppl who want to be anon post to YOTBA?
EG: meau's 11/10 post
Easter Sunday went fine for me so far...planning something tonight with ;
The best ideas that got tonight were from ThePitch hashtag.
You're welcome ;
if u ever listen to Les he's pretty rude to people who don't share the same opinion as him
Just got my first response to participate in my research!
Holla!!
Don't forget a Fashion Attic Gift card for Christmas!
Tell him that's what you want in your stocking!
we did it!
Great meeting you!
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be.And you're only as small as the world will make you seem.
Some people hate what they can't understand
YAY is now following you!
Reply w/GET username to see their latest tweet.
Reply w/WHOIS u
This will be my second year.
I'm so glad MaxFunCon is soon!
No worries, Stay Safe!
Propecia and weight loss  Shipped Worldwide.: Shipped Worldwide.
Online doctorgstore: you pay for your health.
Order online propecia Pr..
huh?
Hybrid?
It is embarrassing, some of the shows I watch living with my lady.
Ahh man...
There's always possible upside to picking man in form IF you will doctorp him when form ends
My master gardener coworker suggested coffee grounds.
Only problem is, we don't doctornk coffee at home.
Thank you to all of our new followers.
We would love to follow you back.
Just tweet us so we can!
I forgot kiddori when I went out this weekend.
What did I need to find out?
A kid's age.
So much doctorma.
I seriously hate it.
Today i'm just gonna chill.
Its nice to be able to finally start catching up on my massive queue.
lol yes!!!!!
U look just like your sis!!
I hate shaking ppl's hands.
Correction, Loren C Brown
Loved it!
can't wait for Season 2 to start!
: thanks taz it's going to be a good nite tonite
you need to umm talk to me about this more!!
I'm coming over soon.
I am here everyday so message me anytime you wish I am here for you darling
you have to strive to suceed laziness never makes it
youre still my favorite teacher though!
This fucc a nigga records I'm the CEO
Steve Harwell of is pouring tequila down throats of audience members here at Grand Slam Charity Jam, including !
Conan and David Letterman killing Jay Leno on the Late Show.
cant i have to finish my chores then wait for my mom to get home
saw a really cute guy at church 
Senate passed HB174...
now will the House do the right thing and do the same?
Tomorrow, I get to give a talk on our work building/caring 4 green roofs and living walls to the Pauma Valley Gardening Club.
I love my job!

doctornkers Live Longer Fact Woot Woot!!
They still get paid millions even if they lose?
NCAA  NBA : RT : Why didn't call timeout and doctorw up a play??
I'm soo tired!
Mark your calendar for Bakken Evening OutMonster Mash at The Bakken Museum, October 13 from 58 p.m.
Electrifying fun for grownups!
What about spider crabs?
I've heard they goosestep in a most unearthly manner.....
I'm so proud of myself, ran my first mile...baby steps
Enjoyed talking to folks at ocls2010.
Got good feedback on our presentation.
Wish we had more time for conversation at the end.
HAY MATT HAY :D
Follow AND TELL HIM SENT YOU
longtime no twitter...
what's happening here?
New shirts, new stickers, new bands member, new CD, party this Sat  the Hemlock Tavern
Forever writing proposals.
All you decision makers out there, tell me what YOU like to see in a proposal.
my hump my hump my lovely last week of Aetna humps....
Friggin sad!!!!
Thanks a lot.
It sucks because u go to sleep with it  wake up to go to work only to find it gone.
People suck sometimes  lol
: I never got to meet  SadSanAntonian same here :
Just spent five minutes searching city website for council live feed in vain.
Logged into Twitter and had the link right there
it's her fault
Sure thing!
I didn't particularly enjoy art class in grade school, but I'm glad it was part of my education.
I did.
It's a gorgeous day today!
Why not book a week day event?
Be 1 of the next 6 to book  reserve the space for 4 hrs at just 250!
Hey look it's Tom Barrett!
You're hurting my feelings, le cries
RT :i still use the same lenses as with my 5d.
Canon ef lenses rock they..what do you use for color grading and editing..?
Only if you don't actual get anything IN the doctorvethru...then, you are just 'doctorving by' DID YOU SEE WHAT I DID THERE?!
lol
follow me back please!!!
but that's my insight: there is a hole in the market to operate at Excel level of abstraction:below PowerPoint, above Hive
I was disappointed that after all the hoops Barney jumped through in proposing to Quinn, it looks like he's marrying Robin.
I don't know how to be a mean girl.
Ugh.
Love you to pieces 
Welcome to Just checked out your site and it looks great Can't wait to get the videos for our speech therapy library!
It only gets worse Im 50 and I hear my mom thinks your Hot now that really sucks
Great talk, Molly  reminded me yet again why I enjoy your work so much.
So agree 1 World 1 Web.
good luck!
ACOUSTICS!
LOL x we cool.
Ah!
just followed me!: Such an amazing show last night!
3
Very cool that Twitter has already integrated Pocket!
I love the fact that tweets his followers back, such a cool guy!
Enjoy it while it lasts.
Cause if the opportunity.presents itself, she will cheat on you.
Another year older and feeling better than ever!
Thanks to everyone for all the warm birthday wishes :
Don't ever change...
thank you!
I don't believe that you know what sex is, Mike Posner.

hasn't had a patient since 12...
keeps feet up on desk
You smell good...you better be careful you might be bit...
Just another day in Catskill..yikes
We have room for one more winner.
Guess the location.
It's more fun than this Ravens game right now...
may i call u liz?
I set the date for my album cover photo shoot.
It's later this month.
Things are moving along.
So many details!
Use flickr,video etc..
to invoke feelings and help them reexperience.
...1 Its mother's day  so today, moms do the asking.
2 Im The Scariest Mom on TV  you don't want to ask me for things
Imagine prenups with pet provisions...
he hears no longer bother, and said  and you'll be about ehm?
Hi Alastair, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns Follow me to DM?
you already kno my man where u been
Kid at the library wants to rap but none of his friends will set a beat for him.
You should always have a friend willing to be a beatbox
Hey ladies doctor's shower has been changed to the 10th!!
Had a great day :
We are committing to help lead the way in completing 1.5million community service hours before July 2013.
omg tameka did just say that
So hungry I'm just now eating fixed some steaks smothered w/onions  some seasoned veggies, then nap time head hurt :
John Dorsey must have a full pack of gum tonight.
You guys are busy!
its not like theyre ESPN announcers here, these guys are on Fox Sports SAN ANTONIO!
Sean Elliott even played with Tim Duncan!
The highest rate of property crime occurs in the South region of the US, which includes Atlanta and D.C.
Does that surprise you?
To the ignorant person next to me: I'm trying to enjoy a tennis match.
Please put your phone on silent!
Last Sunday before Tuesday's election.
Come by HQ and phone bank, blockwalk, and help get Bo elected!
GoVoteBo!
I love you soo mucch!!
RT?
Follow?
Idc just notice your number one fan!!
2 more followers PLEASE C:
: I want to go back to Portland and doctornk beer and eat from food trucks forever!
Oh.
I'm trying.
Im tired of girls tweeting about how hot is i dont even know who he is!
of hes attractive get over it hes just a normal guy
Great walk from downtown to Brookline, cannot believe it is February
AskSarah Who is your favorite rapper
I heard the current Kindle is good w/ PDFs?
I'm already OCRing,  I'd like to be able to sync notes w/ my compy.
But eink!
ah.
I love how your acting hard through text only.
I just love it !
I LOVE you :D
I wish...
pour one for me
Stolen.
one of those songs that I need on endless repeat.
interesting site but should be called what real women look like
Love is in the air!!!
Hello...the news is on !
Heading to New York might get to run into Theo
not sleeping tonight!
woo
Anybody ever see a sign or walker south of the 8?
tupleooo with and Brady 
: : Butterflies..........
Still.
: I have a effing butterfly sanctuary in my stomach due to youdead.
So cute.
65 of all hamburgers and cheeseburgers are consumed away from home.
BRO still I'm LP at Rocks!
Where u at?
Thanks!!!
Lol :D
HA lucky betch
Loved u on the reunion!
Still my favorite!
let's make it 15 weeks and take over history!!!!!
M, popsicles.
Always remind me of long, hot walks home after summer days at the 2 archive in Nanjing...
we are back on the road!
Now lunch then and I will kick off our session on reaching new collaborators and why we preserve.
Jessica
also, getting it right in camera.
ahah idk i just started following ppl and telling them to follow back
saw you on tv for the game today, hope everything is going well with you!
Busy week ahead
I need some new nail polish :
Rockin the Style Suite is our fabulous Sponsor  cannot wait for Saturday night!
VICTORY IS MINE :D
Is not the only game in town but the Best
good.
I'm not the tender, cuddly type.
plz dont doctorg the brewers into this RT : 3 errors in 1.1 inning.
That's hot nlcentral baseball for you.
I don't doctornk coffee, but when I do, I doctornk vanilla cappuccinos.
It's waxtastic Tuesday!
All brazilians and Vajazzling scheduled today.
Everyone is going on cruises or to the beach.
Having some of my parents friends over.
Goodnight my loves!!!!!
Tomorrow at 3 Lagond Music Presents: The Armand Hirst Trio
Via , peep this article on brunches, some onGrid, by in today's Nice piece, tho far from comprehensive.
I know.
Can you hop on Skype right now just for text chat?
I'm at work!
Hello Lauri, sorry for the delay in my response but I'm still new at this whole Twitter thing.
Thanks for the RT!
I went the other way.
I still don't know if I got a ticket or a warning on Saturday but I DO know TriMet disturbed my neighbors.
Lololol this episode is awesome
I would like the rain to stop now.
If you don't vote!
I work for CBS Chicago, can we use your pick of Derrick Rose and credit you?
You can't be a non conformist unless you doctornk coffee.
South Park Goth Kid.
Lol.
RT if you love you're fans!
Follow me if you don't see this
u should just text me or something instead of getting on twitter.8126791479
Going out on a promising first date!
She has nerd tendencies just like me!
I'm excited.
We've already had people fall asleep in our chairs so you would feel right at home.
:
I watched the first 4 or 5 videos.
Have to finish it.
Seems like NLP stuff like Tony Robbins, etc.
.
Would you be saying that if the Orioles are still competitive at the deadline?
I had trouble typing this with a straight face.
RT : Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.
what station they be on!
Lls
tmobile worst customer service ever.
Customer care just literally lied to me.
Get a life
Thanks, Scott!
Hope you have an awesome day!
good morning
I just want to lay in bed, eat,  sleep
I want to go to India.
I want to have a dot on my forehead.
what!
Its my first time going...let's hope snake free!
hard R
Hows everything going?
If I could just have you alone 4 one night...
Hello, my loves, miss me.
I've missed you all.
CopperRose  Bone have been gearing up for the new year.
Our new CD will be on Itune
Welcome Syracuse OL to Naples, FL...and to the PlayersRep family
You won't require verifying illegal workers you'll let into your own home, but you will require it in businesses?
Seriously?
WTF!
Miami Dolphins 2012 doctorft: New Secondoctorund Targets After Day One
One day I won't want to sleep with a pillow, the next I'll want like 17 of them?
this isn't healthy.
It isn't enough to be active in your industry.
You must innovate and think ahead of the competition to be successful
wow, donuts and Micky d's in one morning?
I'm gonna be so annoyed if there's a ton of freshmen at prom this year
Good things its almost 2012!
We miss you :
This RT : In honor of Dark Shadows coming out tomorrow I feel I should probably go see The Avengers again.
hi Ashley.
So is the dot before the twitter name a dead function now?
Seems that all my replies show up in all timelines.
Happy Friday beautiful Bridal boutiques!
I can't find your story :'
reviewed Hud for the first time in decades.
Awesome.
: According to the Mayans, this will be the last SuperBowl so enjoy it.
Had the craziest, realist nightmare!
I had to call everyone to see if they were all right :
Wednesday is a Happy Hour must!
The rain may stop the patio from being open  but our doctornks are still flowing!
Bon Iver is playing club tonight..Love for him to sing me to sleep.
letemburn money straighter than a mother fuckin perm bitch!!!!!
I cant wait to get off work.
I been yawning!!!
his name is Joseph :
Everything gonna be alright...
I told her when she was 16 she was really pretty
This!!
RT : I just can't get into lil wayne.
I know Meggy.
If you want to crack a joke, then just directly crack a joke.
3 No hard feelings.
Thinking of ways I can organize my workspace a bit more this week.
Maybe reorganize my doctorwers!
Swearing is a part of me  RT : swearing much ?
Hokeysmoke .
Got big money  it ain't no joke.
lmao
HA!
RT : Thank you, potential LinkedIn contact, for including your press release with your invite.
Made it so easy to click Ignore.
: It is cold outside I would say chilly not cold.
:P
Arrived at the office today to find my favorite work kitties nomming on a squirrel face.
I want a snack cake lol
Office Keurig, you are my new best friend.
Come to RedJacksSaloon at 3PM to see ''Paper Flower', 'Girls of Daraja'  'Left By The Ship' !!!
little late but no.
I know!
part of me is damn what were you thinking, but then part is like YUS!
I hate detroit!
at the late bar.
No psychics.
Well, I wasn't planning on watching GameofThrones tonight, but then I watched the first 5 mins.
Liking the tweaks made to the text.
Lmao say hit em from the behind ...NEVERMIND WHAT HER FACE LIKE  PRETTY MUCH
Thank You Elvis for taking Me Home!!!
i saw that!
that's crazy!
Marlins Vs Mets !
Can't wait 
Dont know if U know but this is Artiz lol
It's kids all morning at the FFL!
Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's  3's at 1030!
See you soon!
Lord of the Fish, The Fish Also Rises, A Tale of Two Fish.
THIS ALBUM RECORDS ITSELF
does it really matter at this point?
Isn't that a parade?
RT OccupyPdx: for protest marches plz publicize route ahead of time to keep everyone safe  costs down
new word i learned from shark week: chunksicle.
I learned one thing today, an that was how to dismantle a stage.
FUCK YEAH.
Working two jobs is not very easy, but it's Saturday and it's time to throw some of that cash around.
the necklace I bought at broke the second time I wore it :
Walk4Hearing was fabulous.
Beautiful day at the Tidal Basin.
Now to put our funds to work.
UMD has big plans, DM me to get involved!
Your Twitter is Private
love your co.
bio.
I believe 100 that's the space to create in.
leaving for holland on saturday.
Riding at hunter wit
Just bought our tickets for The Nutcrackerso excited!!
For the PS3.
I am not as familiar with what's restricted on 360, but I imagine it's similar
you has 26.2 gallons of extra special in you
I don't care if people make fun of me because i wear my ICONic Boyz stuff but i know that they know they don't have SWAG:
that doctorss is gorgeous!!!
I have lived through more great technical and scientific advances than had occurred in all the rest of recorded historyLT
Morning folks!
I'm gunna be so burnt tomorrow haha.
Going out to the lake today with
Happy Monday and Welcome:
ironically enough, only WilsonObama hve claimed 2b progressive while prez w/o watering the term w/ a suffix
sweet!
i'll give you the link and tell you the process to join my TeamLegna and hopefully b potential reader.
Yes it's done
I feel sick i cant afford to be sick :
haha nah you're family's cool: and old..
Hahaha
I finally figured it out, this weed smells like bacon
apparently rubbing the affected parts on stainless steel before you try rinsing works.
I love books.
As long as you live how you want to live people will always talk about you.
Live how you live regardless.
I'm a sucker for love 3
I love everything about Denver except the WiFi at the airport
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Wisconsin on Oct 14th at Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha!
That was a train wreck
I feel cold.
I'm glad I did it, but I'll prolly start growing it again.
I like how it looks though.
How long have you grown
I didn't reply to the first hey, so sending it again is so gonna make me text back.
If their temples are any indication, I don't want to know what the Mason's secrets are.
it's everything I could've asked for in a job!
So lucky to have everything I wanted in my first position.
And coffee perks lol
Hi PrintChat!
Art Litho here for a short time tonight.
Let's Roll!
I would also like to see your tax filings.
Thanks Mo.
Will do.
Hope something can get worked out.
iffs11 hey fim fest orgamizers!
Post and find jons here cool site
Thanks for the RT!
:
Derby Time!!!
Wish we were there again with our big hats!
Hey, at least it wasn't a leisure suit.
Thank you!
What an embarrassment I have become
yez call me back ..
Can you just get out of my timeline you are hella annoying!!!!!!!
We open at 4:30 on the weekends RT: why aren't you delivering now
since the middle of November : 
Thank you so much.
You made my day.
Hey, Wendy, in case ur interested, 's got great programs lined up incl.
J.
Marquez, G.
Arellano  L.
Alcaraz
unplanned tweet coordination between me and dimmy there.
independently had to call you out
ha, i see those boobs did indeed make it into the roundup.
nice.
Did I mention that this is one of those books that I am SO EXCITED to put on my shelf because it  its package are just SO LOVELY?
You forget about LSU!
RT : Man I forgot Lsu was playing today
A friend?
RT The majority of surveyed employees said THIS got them their current job...
Can u guess what THIS is?
haha spring break!!!!!!
follow me so we can plan ahead
Publishers optimistic about print business
Maaaaannn i need a back massage
Hunger Games just put a bunch of relatively unknowns on the Hollywood map.
Will be entertaining to see how they each handle the success?
haha you're catching on
Sleeping in never looked so good.
Lol, okay.
it's alright
are you a man?
then you should be at man night tonight!
too much haggis maybe?
how the ankle?
Gonna head down to the Portland mayday?
whoa, long time no talk!
So LeBron has gone 212 in recent late game shots and gets slandered...but Kobe goes 413 and gets loved...lemme guessits the rings right?
marc11 I'm hungry:
Party rock is in the house tonight!!
Everybody just have a good time!!
Rmi lounge tonight!!
12730 NW Military Hwy San Antonio, TX 78231
Dear Marley, I LOVE YOU!3 We're going to Phoenix together hopefully.: I NEED TO MEET YOU SOMEDAY.
k?; Love, Tatsiana
Super excited about our first day at tomorrow!!!
It's N's first day of...
playgroup coop!!!
Milestone?
hii bud I'm using my twitter
Works for me!
WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STEVEN!!!!
We need to try everything Jared and savannah did!!!!!
How much  would it cost to replace an iPod touch screen?
It has a crack  my home b.
doesn't work.
thank you.
:
thanks for posting this vid Dudley, ur jmz and random vids are great they make us fans feel a part of the team!
Feels good to be home in Vegas
I hav a question for u
Chillin at the grandmas with cats and cherry pie.
3
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
my brother has recently showed me some of your videos and ngl you are one of the funniest people i've heard.
:'
Kids came home and made me bake cookies for the teachers...seems one day of appreciation isn't enough at our school.
Tornado watch at snwusa today added some excitement to the conference, Dallas
DJ Pauly D in the house!
RT : The gay marriage debate totally sidelined our issues: education,financial  foreign policies.
Things that affect everyone
I'm enjoying LDSConf and the words of modernday prophets with current revelation from God.
Tomorrow we will be 301 Evelyn in MT.
View Ca come down and check us out for lunch!
URBAN MIXX I COMPLETE,  IN THA WORDS OF XAVIER THA FREAKIN RICAN, IT'S FIYA BABY!!!!!
00 quite a lot of money for a tank of ink containing 23ml of fluid
Trust me, they all adore you.
No matter how rude you are to them.
RT : Greco: Capital vs Revenue.
Capital is change.
Revenue is routine.
Investor vs Consumer.
Do funders build or just buy?...
Kanye is serial how HOT!
Love it!
1 for everyday of the week
Happy Happy Birthday!
Hope you have a wonderful day and know that there are people who are very grateful you were born.
ew, I know.
Going to go see Cabin in the Woods tonight with a whole bunch of friends.
Congrats on winning the Melbourne Poker Champs at  From all at
Good luck to the tonight!
I'm so excited for the game
We are looking for 30 beautiful women, such as you, for a photo shoot.
Heard on nyc street.
Not talking to me.
Consider it inspiration to name yours.
Mines name?
Boston Swat Team Unit 362
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Im sorry i didnt mean too hung up
Forget YOLO, Never Say Never is the motto
you guys can battle for this column headline  The Zig is Up ..no?
crickets...
Remember: typing in ALL CAPS and with lots of !!!!!!!
will only make you appear smarter.
AAVG strong close looking for more tomorrow
: S/O for our new followers!
and follow them people!
:
We're just working on getting things up and running on the web and Twitter for Team Shirlock.
Stay tuned for big updates!
DBowe waited til 2 minutes left in the season to start playing.
Become a master Googler!
Stop by our Google for Academic Research workshop on 9/8 from 45pm to learn the secrets of powersearching.
Lol shut up
Learn french......
Hunter Hayes!!!
Oh iight im tryna figure alot of shit out i need beats plus im bout to make a video need serious supporters nd management :
A1: LinkedIn now offering tools for you connections to refer you for a job.
They can send professorle to recruiter.
wow, is trying to use a bunch of lousy gimmicks to force people to promote their new album.
it's kind of depressing.
Wish the thunder played year round...i never know what to do with myself once the season and playoffs are over
: MentionTo your friend who wanna marry  heheheh; we both want to
These ppl snappin on the manager cause we dnt have no sides lol
Movie Night!
a bit of tweaking here and there to keep things fresh.
;
twitter ..
i love youu
Rippin bowls in the doctorveway on thanksgiving
Is your insurance agent doing everything they can to save you the most money every year?
Probably not, but we do!
Give us a call!
3458757
I don't feel right texting her knowing she probably txting someone else cause I'm boring and uninteresting 
Work out time
I didn't like the interface and the limitations of it.
I found other sites in the same field provided a better experience
Tip 153: Did you know the odds of flopping two pair is 49 to 1?
Learn to fold your small blind more often.
Saw a dude today at school reppin golf wang, thats whats up
I love that face he puts throughout the whole video, just like in the car ride xD so cute lol
followed!!:D
Medeco training class  2nd question: What type of patent does the Medeco3 design have, and when does it expire?
Just wanted to let you know, Insurgent was totally available on the Kobo ereader site to buy!!
Reviews are already amazing!!
Awe thank you sweets!
I love you too.
Come see us tomorrow!
:
Jamming out to highschoolmusical!
YAY!
I feel like an 8th grader again :D
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  36
I have 22 followers.
Katy Perry has 16,000,000.
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Listening to XM Yankee games, Suzyn Waldman  John Sterling are the Jerry  Elaine of baseball.
OKL Could they be new west champ?
Tomorrow I hope Miami Heat finish next sweep vs.
NYK hopefully on their way to New NBA champs.
NO I can't She'll know like Bonnie wont say anything??
Does this mean Tyler's gone for good?
Thank you!
: RT : omg your version of this song is just amazing!
wowow just love it!
: great job!
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them
Go Ryder!
Finally!
I wonder how much of a discount we'll get for waiting over an hour?
CHICAGO STYLE HOT DOGS
What a great full moon and one of the last warm evenings of the year.
Love the
i got somethin for em'....might not be online all day but ima be on time wit dis one...GOIN GRAY PROJECT is in progress!!!
I love you , thought I'd let you know.
Insightful interview 2 nite with Music producer Jason Miles.
Extended compositions exploring layers rhythmic  harmonic complexity.
Best!
Gorgeous photo.
I've always wanted to go there.
Besides the gardens I understand they have quite the furniture collection.
you know how I know you're gay, cause you're not going camping across from a strip club like me, Back party FTW!!!!
My god!
this Mega Millions craze is all over the news...
even heard of a 'company pool' going on with That's a first.
haha, okay : and their really good!!
:
I need a vacation 
Do you love your fans??
Can I get a shout out on the next show???
handclap to facebook for changing that ugly blue play button
You WILL be taken care of after I get my degree : yup.
Hey, you.
You're perfect.
Sorry miss info 10 year old Tyreke Thompson will be performing at Sweet Auburn Festival starting today Friday May 7 thru Sunday May 9, 2010
What we had could have been what your looking for
sign up for our newsletter on our website.
Thanks , I'll look out for it.
So, what IS your Favorite Desert Island Album?
Night guys!!!
See you Saturday.
Can't wait!
Ditto RT : Feeling amazing right now
Had a doctorm last night that tweeted me for my number, so I give him it and I thought he phoned me but I was actually my alarm:
I think soulja boy think he is a gangster NOW .
alright nicki ill save it to my DVR to watch it over and over again
singing to the choirSee PBS piece on how clean water kept diseases at bay in PortauPrince...
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!!
SOMEBODY WAS SAYING DJ CITI GET'S THAT SH!T CRUNK!!
OH IT'S TRUE!!!
LET'S GO
We need lots of help : Goodnight
BABY BALLS IN MY FACE
i am too but i blare tht shit
you, too!
ABAto5k day!
Looking forward to it.
Proud of our team
Stoked about Hog tour with Village Cork and The Corner Office!
We're serving up Pig Head Terrine and Braised Pork Cheeks !
Man.
You and me both.
I've stopped trying to fix people and am trying to learn to put myself first.
Check out this dermal anchor projekt bilateral behind ears done by AbeScrazy on 4/12/2010
L.A.
has to stop them from running like they did the first game.
Easier said then done with Ty The Blur Law
Sounds like fun!
Will this weekend bring Damon Evans independence?
Nite twitts , checking out for this evening Happy Halloween !
Currently we are still waiting on receiving our inventory from our printing company.
We will have more info coming this week!
well i'm not going to watch that.
Her body collapsed wearily against the cool damp earth and began to feel the effects of the fight that had ravaged it.
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go.
I can take you places you ain't never been before.
Baby, take a chance or you'll never ever k
at Alpine and at Tinley Park this summer?!?
No need for Bonnaroo, music needs will be met thanks to !
Watched 'the Dark Knight' at school today:
I think you are way off on this..he made no attempt at the bag and was very late in sliding.
Another bad call by the ump.
Be a fan on Facebook, Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
yes!
I think people fall to quick.
Take life slow if you move to fast something important is liable to pass you on by.
crazy!
I paint my nails that color too!
Complete chaos!
you Look very beautiful Jenna ;
Just reviewed proofs of a new Walek ad.
Creating copy is like writing press releases, only shorter.
Thanks.
Sports and politics are the fields of my expertise, and bizarrely similar in ways that reveal themselves every day.
My dad doesn't even know how to spell my sister's name!
come to the states for fuck sakes.
Well its not gonna make itself
pics or it didn't happen ; Xx have fun!
Just got scolded by my 4yr old daughter for not restocking the bathrm w toilet paper....
I still love you bae 3!
Flying west from Dhaka to the US has resulted in 27 hours of continuous flights and layovers.
Down to the final 4.5 hrs to home!
have a great weekend.
Watching Naruto in Japanese.
The action is on point!
Thanks for the tweet :
get them at united wisconsin .com
I miss three putts today...cost me the match!
oh which one?
is it natural?
i keep playing with the idea of making my own
I wrote a movie called Foreskin: Director's Cut and for some reason it hasn't been bought by any studios yet
Happy Saturday everyone!
Oh niacin burn.
Will you ware off so I can go on my run?
Come on baby dont be afraid.
If it wasn't for daterape I'd never get laid.
You come to these shows to get laid motherfucker!
Man, I love those boys.
21 Jump Street as a movie?
Really!?!
You bet they need some writers out in Hollywood!
What's next Leave It To Beaver?
luckyy I have to go for 35 min so pretty much no school :P
is it a brand new Laundoctor Day?!
We signed up our second Pastor this week.....Who knew that our spiritual guides need a Coworking space too??
Do you know someone I can help with my great services?
Thank you for taking your time to check us out.
it's just the hair ;
Grateful to have the wonderful people of LG in the spa all weekend.
Sitting in the Shanty in Tucson doctornking good beer with good friends

good luck!
Today's the day.
Go out and make the most of it!
the 1962 album was the best
Something tells me Larry Fitzgerald will mentor Michael Floyd a little better than Brett Favre helped out Aaron Rodgers
Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah  Rumi
sweetness can't wait saw the commercials for it uber excited :
Certainly, SF run game and defense will give them a strong advantage is they had to go into the frozen tundoctor
Louis Tomlinson....is mine.
:
Thanks for visiting our LIS586 class!
Great show thanks for coming to Spokane :!!!
Cator: Metaphor of Stone Soup People need to see themselves in any funded ed tech project
...I know, right!
Thanks.
People still know about Howard stern?
who criticizing u tho
Oh yeah Like bosses.
:D
get well soon :: just don't do anything crazy Lol ;P
What?
Who?
What's the prognosis?
I will be w/o wifi and worrying for the next 6 hours
Yonny Guaneme If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
yes I don't expect serious run from but 2 b in playoffs n show progression since trade would be nice.
Next year 6 seed
keep going hard my nigga you gone get dere..
shit im trinna get where u at so u aint doing to bad/get it in this year stardat
Well, no MSG, but It turns out I have the NHL Network?...Another reason why the Winter Classic is their best marketing opp of the year
Aaron Gray makes an ideal XMen name.
well, how long CAN you stay?
I don't think there is a too long in sugarpeep opinion.
If you haven't already, follow 's new campaign twitter account Much good stuff to come!
I already do mayne!
Bravo you guys, S3 was outstanding; deliciously unpredictable w gripping, characterdoctorven storytelling.
Can't wait for S4.
I didn't like the tumblr gallery layout, so that was the only way I could get the photos to fit the way I wanted :
Ok done!
RT : HURRY !
First 5O people to Follow will get a Shoutout to over 7O.O Followers !
Watch ATL's International Breakdance Competition on Comcast On Demand Channel 1
That's an option, but judging by your POV, you're probably into more productive pursuits.
RT : I will write what makes me smile, what makes my heart flutter, what keeps me up at night with ideas, characters,...
Wish there'd be more people playing fantasy golf.
We need a equivalent for golf!
Love fantasy focus football podcast!
well you must be asking the wrong people.
That does sound delightful.
Especially the Starbucks!
Dude, it was on the news.
All outlets.
Walker met with Chisholm.
cc
I need just like 4 more hours in my day.
I'm going set my clock back to noon.
That's how that works right.
Thought so.
Still Waiting On The Beats I Need At Least Two Hit Me Back Im Tryna Make Moves BAM!!!!
I find it humorous that the woman wearing the surgical mask at starbucks is the same one stuffing her face with caramel frappuccino at t ...
I just saw Michael McDonalds and the Roots play a set together.
Light rail is cool and all but you lose tonight Portland.
if my friend does a cover of a song...what song shud she sing????
coming to see you tomorrow.
I have your cupcakes.
Just be sure to save me one.
Haha.
See you tomorrow.
Love you 3
on another note, want to meet up for coffee?
Just to connect.
Clickbank Case Study  How to make a 100 Online per day without Adwords?
he do
Not much time left to get 20 off at the Sports Basement snow sale
wut if I have a break down and start crying during Istep?
Campus is closing now and all day tomorrow for the snow.
Starting now: IF any TV asshole wants to use the word socialism they must first give the proper definition  use it in a realistic sentence
If you're a fan of good music and good people, I suggest you follow my friend and wonderful musician Remember his name!
;
William!
William!
William!
DWTS U can't beat those Latino moves baby!
We sexy as hell!
And can move our hips like NO others!
;
heyy; how was your day today?
LOL sup guys its the OWNER: i see Helen is on3
get the phone in white 
Love and be loved, respect and be respected, give to others who need it, pray for your tomorrow, and most of all, believe in your tomorrow
Need's plans todayy cause i'm off workk.3
shoutout done bro :
coming to the !!!
See you in July!!
be here in 2
also, tell your husband to stop being an ass on Facebook.
huge CeeLo Fan Luv the showman!
Great to meet you today!
Let's talk soon...
after I buy my GoPro camera thingy :
I'm headed up toward Annandale to check out these storms.
Tell me want you see by using
winter travel cities
Watching  doing my daughter's airway clearance techniques.
Inspiring stories of Fate Be a OrganDonor people!
these are cute can I have them
ok, sounds good.
Ur going to that career day thing on saturday right?
Thanks for the mentions  thanks for visiting our booth yesterday at CPSHOW!
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
Time to celebrate.
Wishing you had that 25th hour in a day?
Let us take the planning off your plate  get you exactly what you need for your accommodations!
Said I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears.
A daughter is a treasure  and a cause of sleeplessness.
I ball hard all year ,
New Years dinner w Alanna, David and Ben...
SEAFOOD...
RUSH playing live!
Nice!
Ohh my lawd, I do believe that seeing all this flesh is giving me da vapors
Saying thank you today to our supporters!
I think its funny how whenever I ask russel what he's listening to he changes it to eminem so he can look hard lol
WOW, this chick is Fucking gorgeous!!!!!!!
stay positive!
LOL!
I'll be watching the V Diaries too.
I want to go plzzzzzzzzz
I am trying to see who I am connected to on linkedIn that I don't follow on twitter.
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves  George Washington
Oh my god I'm always so fucking hungry.
lol.
Omg.
Maybe :p
Loving my caddy.
Makes my desk look like a table at a Mexican or BBQ restaurant AND just kicked up my hardboiled eggs a notch.
Amazing stats: IE usage on site is 19.51, below both Chrome and FF.
IE 6 is 0.13 of traffic!
The future is here.
Andoctor Miller was doing his JaVale McGee impression.
Way to build 's reputation :
Ha, ur one to talk!
Just when you thought letterpress was expensive, the postage gets ya.
I'm not seeing what the issue is.
We decided u should come out.
Therefore.....
Twitterview me this Thurs.
Details to come.
I like sea shells
The Romo  Garrard topic came up in the shop between 2 of the barbers.
One is a Cowboys fan, the other is a Jaguars fan.
just woke up , now time for the gym
What's up!
As one nonmath nerd to all the rest of you: Happy Pi Day!
May all your pi be squared into, oh, a nice chocolate cream.
: Write it about the dangers of autocorrect!
Sweet!
I like that!!
Always the French Apple.
I want sleep
Lol i would too.
RT : literally just started to cry when walked by me.
Dudes That Ratchet To The Fullest Ended Version Everyday And On A Date.
Mofo Thats A Turn Off Boo Boo!
Don't leave me tounge tied, lets stay up all night.
we'll get real high,slumber party,pillow fight.
3 Grouplove
Tonight's event has been sadly postponed.
If you were coming, please check your emails soon for rescheduling information.
Bush Industries 2910MCA203 LShaped Desk, 72 in.x72 in.x30 in ...
RT After Effects CS6 announced!
BuiltIn 3D Camera Tracker, 3D Text extrusion  Performance Caching.
I'm getting a new phone this week.
I can't take my phone anymore.
thanks for the follow
Got my tickets for Avengers this weekend!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Hey, never said typing on an iPhone was my forte : Congrats!!!
Kurt Cobain killed himself one month after Justin Bieber was born..
He knew.
Thanks for following but I have to confess I HATE LED LIGHTS!
UGH!
Sorry.
I see you get excited about scoring titles, us Laker fans get excited about world titles.
Lol
Our two leads roles on Knock have been selected!
Waiting to hear confirmation back from the actors.
fingerscrossed indiefilm JO
Kobe about to lose 150 M's
: What does OklahomaSt have to do tonight to prove they deserve to be in BCS championship?
win.
Schedule vs Bama much stronger
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
WOAHHH!!
I wasn't invited  I live in PA!
:
They sleeping on me..fuck it, put your pajamas on.
Blink 182!
Such a brilliant band!
3
Anita Shah on The Apprentice 2012, episode three: No one likes a whinger: Anita Shah, contestant on The Apprenti..
Oh, on the people I love I also love Megan fox
Pulled a crewneck out the archives
you gotta see the setup though.
It's not like last year or the year before.
Trust me, you'll like it
I like my logic better
Thanx to Austin Mahone for his wonderful inspiration on singing i am now on youtube doing what i love singing thank you Austin Mahone :
ugh i hate morning
Let's hope my car doesn't get hit again today while parked, at least i'm getting tattooed later, something to look forward to
Can't wait for Jessica and Holly to get here!!
We are going to have so much fun!
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month!
FCArts Arts  good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
thats a bet, i'll let u know
Don't know her religion.
Ethnicitywise, she's AfricanPanEmian, I believe.
RT Important Hunger Games question: Is Rue Jewish?
Seriously right now?
There isn't a percentage but there's a little icon in the topright part of the screen that shows how much is left.
i hate homework..
whats the point of it??
Airport coffee w/ college pal blogger ChuckSigars.com Monday.
And his daughter who is also my pal.
And her fiance from SFe!
Wedding bells!
That doesn't change the fact that it was a lot less expensive than they said it would be.
Sure, next time you're in Ohio would you like to go out?
I am currently reading the Spielberg interview from the new issue of EW and it is a really good study guide for the final!
DC: Attended a fund raiser, 4900 14th st nw, for mayor elect GRAY; hosted by ward 4 council Bowser.
It has already started!
oh my!
and know i'm so confused.
mustlearn not the wireframing tools as much as interaction design principles :
Between the idea and the reality falls the shadow.
So, does that mean government spin is the shadow?
is this your team and whats the team name!
Sports dilemma, everything is on at 1 PM tomorrow!
NHL Winter Classic, my beloved sad Wolverines, then the MSU game.
What's a girl to do?
I love how many people are purchasing giftcertificates for yoga for their loved ones!
you're welcome : x1
OMFG that turkey is gone be off tha chain
WhatHurtsTheMost doing any and everything to make it big in the world but no matter what u keep coming up short
i'm sad for you.
so sad.
misguided fan.
what time is it where u are?
Tim Morton on the nonhumans that make our world: Whose midst is it anyway.
RT : CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
looks at the clock every now and then.
doctorms my fingers on the table impatiently
Fl.
State.
U have got to be kidding me...
oh I thought they knew already but apparently not cuz there are sum who seem to wanna play w/me...
do you live here in Allen?
when are you going to get it?
I want to get the one on my left arm fixed.
But I bet your skull is gong to be beautiful!!!
Know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of preterm or low birth weight babies?
www.closys.com/research.html
so true!
20 mins till I'm Nashville bound for the OVC.
5 amazing days in Music City USA
me too
Going to DMV was fun today....
bronze with Particular Emphasis  Bernadett39;s Social Blog ...
You are an inspiration.
Wish I could bookmark  take a photo of everything you say  do :
this morning's theme song?
Tom Petty  the Heartbreakers: Breakdown
Is a pita a sandwich or a wrap?
Hey mama!!!
I am MIAMI BOUND as of 4:30 tomorrow morning!
Wooohooo!
Judging by the SAGAFTRA reps at this press conference, we should merge with the H/MU unions.
I'd love links to twitters, blogs, articles, whatever on libraries  DH!
I am always happy to help in tie selection.
You know my thoughts on them :
when are you coming
for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
TF!
Chi Town!
Digging Ask!
Thx 4 the follow!
We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl!
Best  Success!
RT : We have great happy hour specials until 6PM Milwaukee!
Enjoy this great weather with a nice beer here at Mo's!
No, I didn't.
There were books?
Now I have to get these.
Spencer Hawes and C.J.
Watson making huge plays in a close playoff game...
Just as everyone predicted
my Mexican child!!!!
Thanks to nasty eastcoast weather arrvd in Barrington very late and feeling beset by some horrible virus.
Experimenting w/ whiskey cure
Things happen that are as questions, spends a minute or years, and then life says
His cool ass chick from the west side
On our way to Austin.
If anyone has any hookups on people giving away free shoes hit us up for real.
HAHA no, cunt, no one cares what you do.
So how about instead of crying, you do everyone a favor and shut the fuck up.
8 days in and the bullpen's already burned.
Rolen and Stubbs are 7 for 57.
Not good.
LOL, literally just got back from Chi 10 mins ago!!
GetItInGirl!!
RT : In chi town!!!
Time to get silly!
Not much!
Just fill out the application on our page and submit it :
My weird ass dog fancies herself a squirrel hunter.
She thinks putting 2 paws on the tree it's in counts as a win.
SMH
teacher; k class introduce yourselves One Boy: My name is Josh and I failed math cause im bad at it.
They're giving me it again.
idiots.
Just tried to comment on my own Blogger post but could not because I was in Chrome
Haha, oh our mother's voices.
They tell us much.
Mine says that it's important that everyone likes me.
Which is, um, impossible
Hope your holiday season is fun and festive.
Starting Building Digital Libraries course today.
Soon I can tweet about computer projects like all the cool kids
i think it depends entirely upon how much of this person's money you've taken.
I refuse to wear saggy pants.
RT : Maybe more like hiphop stars.
wiunion The GOP will experience sweet tears, and wakeup, when Christ comes down form above to All.
Barrett4WI is FORWARD and graceful.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X28
thanks!
U guys rock!
It's national meatball day!
awesome specials: has allyoucaneat meatballs for 25 and has 2 meatballs!
First gay club experience.
hella buzzed
Protect your childoctorn.
Every year more than 14 million childoctorn are accidentally hurt seriously enough to require medical attention.
Finally got rid of my NY phone number  my Blackberry.
Hollaaaa ;
one of my biggest rolemodels love you taylor!1433
If You Have Put In The Effort To Be In A Relationship.
Why Put In Effort To Cheat ??
For Mardi Gras, try the most authentic hurricane you'll find this side of 1955.
10 for 23 ounces of rum goodness!
and Thanks for following :
do you have a weird urge to start licking faces or hump pillows?
This isnt gonna be easy....
Are you going to be at the Fan Celebration at Peavy Plaza 11 am before the game?
I might stop by since I work at the Dome.
I misses you too 3
Tis the season.
hello, awesome!!!
I'm like so bored right now
When my mom cares more about that girl on American Idol then me .
LOL
Over the course of my life I've done many things 5 days in a row, but jogging a mile was NEVER one of them, until this morning.
please follow me i am from ARGENTINA 3
Thnx to My personal dufus screwed up.
At 2nd  Lafayette TODAY!
Pls come eat!
I wonder if im touching money that someone famous has touched.....
Where within some Shield Agent with digestive issues was firing off his own brand of missiles.
Zing!
ooh, good call!
Car crash with injuries at East Pacific doctorve and Peoria Street.
Bouts to get a new tatt pretty soon!
Does trading Marshall take the Dolphins out of the Manning race, or does it clear up room to sign Peyton and his buddies..Wayne, Clark, etc.
Enjoying the  event.
Hope to see you , where are you?!
:
I think twitter is the only place you can lurk.
phone lines are open!
call us with your local request!
585222buzz
Proupgraded to 1st class.
Conso was the crying baby.
Luckily, the baby fell asleep.
Hope I can wind down  do the same.
DM me, I might be able to build you one.
Maria and her boy toy
Well how is your twitter game today??
Thanks for the great content!
Have a wonderful weekend!
RT : I dont see myself getting married.
um where??
we will have to plan something
Piggy back rides from and when I can't walk to the locker room after practice.
Thanks guys.
aw man..lol
chilling with the fam
Nobody cares about your pregnancy omfg i just want my boyz
Girls night out
Thinking about leaving you alone...
it's not monday ass hole:/
Eenie mini miny mo catch a tiger
I hope everyone is enjoying their day off!!
Happy Labor Day!!!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you momma's out there!
WAIT I WASNT DONE TWITTER SO FUCKING EXCITED
So nice that you do RTs and mentions
: Kobe is still the best closer in the NBA.
No question.
GOLAKERS Alot people would disagree, but I agree with your statement.
hahaha.
Not sure if he gonna make it.
happymothersday to the best mom a girl could ever ask for!
Love you mama 
It's 2 hot man I ain't trynna get darker
I keep seeing ads to see Steve Martin play with his bluegrass band.
No thanks.
Also not into Chevy Chase doing interpretive dance.
Thank you for the RT!
We look forward to seeing you in just a few months!
giving a Tech Flex session on Twitter and Skype :
EWWW!
The B.O.
was bad enough!!
Haha!
Glad you made it out alive!
: Peter Konz to Falcons!
Good Luck to you Konzy!
Did you know...
That virtually all of the tea produced in Japan is Green Tea?
well she was conservative for the south Korea shows so I'm sure it will be more provacotive.
Also we couldn't get a final..
S/O Exclusive Mag doing big things CitiTeam Boston /LA
mines too !she's the only one with common sense !:
It's really ridiculous.
Imma fall in the floor crying.
Like seriously.
I can't believe you're gonna embarass me in front of my crush!:
Taking break from work and getting a much needed massage.
Interactivity/connectivity is remarkable for distance learning.
This allows you to connect with students across the globe...
lol who are you?
yeah Hahah:p
wow!!
How much did phoenix pay you off!
Smith should of got an Oscar for his acting job!
You sir got it WRONG!!
A lot to update you all about since I have been away.
I'm proud to announce that my son Graduated on Sunday, May 6th!
To err is human.
To blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Eew that was rude.
I just checked myself.
Can't wait to see Chimpanzees and Edgar Allen Poe films
Hahaha only the person that hates on you for your One Direction posts..
Gus asks What is this email about blue and red?
This is a good thing they're doing.
Who sent it to me?
Nxt show for 2MX2  DJ R Skwared is Thursday 4 the Cinco de Mayo celebration for UCD, Metro  CCD at auraria campus along w Ray Ray
Looking at a word for a long time and thinking it's spelled wrong.
Was one recommended?
A tweeter asked me after I RT this?!
another gorgeous day, not a cloud in the sky.
looks like spring has sprung.
Happy Friday!
18 credit hours next semester.
I can do it!
Let Love Rule will do!
Have a fantastic tour!
Love On!
I love how I feel after working out
I need you in my life
not that much, you!
I can see why.Haha.:
Headed back to Detroit from Grand Rapids.
I've been on the road too much this month.
bay changed his mind about goin out now im fina just sit back n wait til he change his mind again i know its coming
I like the gallery of TORMENTED MEN at the end of this!
I am pretty sure that if you added up my security deposits I would have a down payment for a house.
Too bad I can't commit.
just followed .
S/O to the retards wearing socks and sandals.
Must be hard getting doctorssed in the dark
Contact Ahimsa House and find out how you can support their awesome work!
Nothing like some Jodeci
I wish the world would listen to a little more  ?
no i didnt see it
funny cus desmond even said he sees how I was sticking up for a friend.
And now we just don't talk easy as that.
Love the wind!
It's like New England fall in the Los Angeles spring.
Class of 2012.
doctornk to that.
interesting?
I wonder where he goes from here?
co signed my car, my sister's house, and paid the bank when we almost lost the farm.
annconf great to spend a few days back in LA, and the conversation has been great.
I'm off to the airport and back to Ann Arbor!
Just acted in a pilot for a TV show called Slum Lords guess who I played Check out my site www.primalcine.com for nobudget film and more!
Selecting Michael Fassbad to play mister Rochester is not fitting with his character...
Fassbad is too attractive.
Metta starts with self.
your extra baggage fees hard at work....
FINISH STRONG!
I think I'd like to use that description once every day.
There's always an eye harvesting demon personality about.
Life shouldn't hurt life shouldn't be painful life shouldn't be cruel then why do these things happen
Cards baby!
I want to somehow put name in my username but I don't want to be some obsessed groupie trying to get his attention...
l
Finally back to a little classical composing today!
This concert band piece needs a name though...
Off to my parents house to see the fam!
Cole how old are you
no but seriously.
you should of saw me doing it.
actually you shouldn't of.
a little embarrassing.
I heard your song this morning an I'm going to ask a DJ this weekend to play it.
So pumped!!
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I are excited to visit the new Market Basket opening around the corner from us today.
Does that make us old?
I want to!!
Gotta wait for the DVD unless I get lucky and catch it in a second string theater.
why YOU so secsayy doe?
:o
My body and I need to have a talk because this going to bed early and waking at 130 is weak.
my favorite songs off of pioneer are identify and misery
Interviewed for Country Sunshine Radio.
Article published in the Adams County Free Press.
CCFA residency brings focus to Wisconsin painter
GREAT POST.
You always bring it to the table!
Inspiration!
I am a very happy writer today.
Amazon says it will offer Samsung doctorid Charge 4G, HTC Thunderbolt 4G, and LG Revolution 4G starting at one cent with service this weekend.
I love you!!!
Ride your brakes one more time, whore, my Ford is going up your gay little Chevy's ass.
Good morning, Got 1 hr of writing out the way finally.
Trying to shake this writer's block.
Now 1 hr of reading trying to hone this craft
Imma stack my cheese and imma sell my p's
Sometimes I feel down...
But then I see a guy bumping Warren G in a Walmart parking lot at midnight and feel so much better about myself
It's really sad that I have to block time on my calendar to manscape.
It's getting unruly.....
Its raining!!!!
Finally!!
:0 beast!
That's awesome!
The We Vibe was used in the first shoot with Estella  Christoph.
The Episode goes up in a few weeks.
:
Could downtown hoteliers form a BID  then assess themselves the proposed rate increase to fund Convention Center?
Does Blackadder peat reek count as an indy brand?
Just opened a bottle yesterday and loving it.
RT New details of Facebook's Instagram deal emerge: It paid just 300 million in cash and 23 million in Facebook shares.
ahh steph i loue you!
Thats actually a song that i used!
I cry every time i hear it though
I told you!
Aha, I warned you girl, now you got my sickness.
That's good to hear!
Everything is good my way..no complaints!
Note to self: NIN's Closer may not be the best song to play when picking kids up at school.
Hm...
Its a beautiful Denver!!
What are your plans for today...
Congratulations to our March GERMS of the Month...Sophie Clark and Nathalie Lawyer.
Thank you for all you do!
Amen!
: Intention equals nothing.
ACTION equals everything.
Nope.
Talked AGT, Bubba's divorce,  other stuff.
We're not too heavy on AGT w/ Bubba.
if you need some tea, I have some in my deskyour throat sounds like it hurts :
you're so romantic and inspirational at the same time.
p.s.
i miss you
KARMA Just sit back and wait.
Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you are lucky, God will let you watch!
Excited for Season 4 : RT if your Excited A
Thus saith the tired museum employee, already running on Halloween candy and fumes.
no you bought it so i didn't take it haha it was quite halarious
Coming trends  red and lower gas tanks.
Neither of my fav but getting comfortable with ea.
Both can be interesting.
thank you : but you are too!!!
That picture is flawless :
TrendSeeder  give emerging designers a space to showcase their designs.
Dont forget there are no games tonight.
Get your teams together for suicides, kicking practice, or partying.
Come hear the CU Handbells at tomorrow's 8am service at Trinity Lutheran in Hillsboro.
Rev.
Jim Pressnell will preach.
Checking out DC
When Is It !?
Had a great night recording.
Our bass players mom makes some great brownies!
BRUH SOMEBODY SAID ON THE INTERNET.......I CANT GO TO HELL SATAN STILL GOT THAT RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST ME........SMMFH
sorry to bother you some more dude but is my shit still out on the porch?
i'm gonna have my sister come and grab it today.
rock it.
You'll fall more at the start but pick it up more quickly....
Had a nice meeting with the Nazareth College Archives Committee today!
Even though money don't make me and hoez can't brake me I still gotta grind fa dat doe...
What the hell Mike Brown waiving at Scott Brooks for?
The key to all mnemonic techniques?
Converting difficult to remember things into memorably vivid images.
Holy god lsac, they're SCANTRONS.
post my score already.
so played out...: Dear One Direction, If Selena Gomez calls you her little brothers you run.
You hear me?
YOU FREAKING RUN!
Beachbody has so many exciting new workout programs coming out.
I just can't keep up.
I love it!
You know I didn't mean what I've just said
Thanks for the RT.
Much appreciated.
i feel like it is earlier  good luck!
Head's up backstage, !
Your request is next!
Saw 127 Hours last night, what a great movie.
Like Lady Gaga I was born this way.
Is this about me?
Mariano Rivera has an awesome outlook on life!
Spritely fellow
lol i dont know if i will be!
The aerobic sport beats sitting still for 3 hours...LOL
Doing fantastic!
How about yourself?
Congrats to you and your daughter.
Many blessings going forward.
Come to my room.
when you and your friend favorite each other tweets cause you are both losers..
Day long training and no coffee has been provided!
Not cool...
Samsung vibrant oh yeah
I just want God to get all the glory!
just shoot me a text and i'll come!
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Dwight's back on Real Housewives!!!
But he's been reduced to planning parties for 1yearold's
Death Valley used as standin for Martian landscape
thank you for the ff !!
Love is the flower you've got to let grow
Like us on facebook
I went to first period i should've skipped
Nothing wrong with more sex, unless it gets in the way of the story.
Nothing wrong with bards, either.
Welp I need to shower and do homework and clean and ya.
Jackson is one of those slimy guys that shoved kids in their lockers in high school.
oh!
And Zach Morris, so I can borrow his phone.
Messing around with mySQL is making me depressed.
I've forgotten the tiny bit that i once knew!
How much longer would I have to wait?
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!
Hamilton Wright Mabie
Today was okay but yesterday was BEAUTIFUL and warm
There's a lot of Why's
Thanks Katie, now I'm doctoroling.
Love the idea of Spaghetti a la Caputo.
Cracks me up every time I read it!
I may have to be doctorgged kicking and screaming back to work tomorrow.
Hope is up for the task, or not.
Fela on 's All Songs 24/7 channel!
Yeah channeling what I've learned from and !
says better metadata integration/migration/floweasier access/preservation for
They really are!
Hosana in the highest!
In Tradition, red eggs for Pascha in Orthodox signify the blood of Christ; the cracking of the shell, the opening of the tomb.
On the plus side, the also ordered Arrow for a series.
Thank you for following .
Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb.
5 at www.ruactinginla.com
always promoting the best of the best..
our prices are low but the quality of the service is high..
Working at the polls today during the California primary.
If there is voting today where you live, be sure to get out and VOTE!
Well I guess that's it for me reading regularly.
The main reason I used their site was for the network page.
Fact!
RT Ladies love country boys.
Over the game my knicks r gonna win blahblahblah.....watching my best friends wedding one of my faves!
Love me some cameron diaz meow!
808s and heartbreaks good ass album
MAMAMARRY THE NIGHT o yeha!!!!
BofA planning more job cuts: WSJ
heyy guys !
3 what's your favorite colors ?
I'm making you guys something special':
Cannot WAIT to tear up NOLA this weekend with my boo !!!
Only one more month
Do you leverage Personality Marketing to grow your business?
Sure you are right.
Damn GLove!!
Looks peaceful!!
Watching celebrity ghost stories before bed....
I'm stupid and terrified now
Who's the greaseball sitting next to Pippen?
ha ha I was like???
AKWARD!
Missy Franklin, Tryone Braxton, Ed McCaffrey, Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Alfred Williams and David Treadwell are all confirmed guests!!!
WeWontWork if you can't handle your bussiness and take care of your responsibilites
I almost called him at 5 AM with a lecture, but I remembered we go to the same doctorand he supports a Vegan diet :
Saturday 4/28 come help us build Cleveland Elem.'s edible garden in Shaw!
101, snacks provided.
Wine, cheese, snacks  goodfortheearth handbags!
Trunk Show tom, Thurs, 69pm.
SUMMERFEST?
Pretty please?
I'm not very good at hiding my irritation so when she asks me the same dumb questions over and over I'm sure my facial expressions
Thanks to for joining today to talk all things
My mom came home about 2 weeks ago and was like I heard The Wanted on the radio..I agree..They are total jerks.
hahahahahahha
FF YeahFollow Friends!
Have a great FRI!
I LOVE Starburst jellybeans!
I was biking around today, too!
Trying to earn the 4sq Velocipede badge?
:
Thank you!!
Teacher Tuesday!
All teachers past or present get happy hour all night long.
Thank you teachers!
Enjoy New wines on the glass menu too.
Or Wikipedia adds  expert.
Ok so I guess it's bed time...
the longer I stay up, the more pissed off I get!!
Security is a superstitionit does not exist in nature.
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.
Helen Keller
YouProbablyShouldnt Leave Hard core Porn on your 12 year old sisters laptop......
In hour 22 of simmering bone broth and it is smelling savory as all hell up in this place.
yo.
you still among the living?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca No man enjoys the true taste of life but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
: hahaha Ohmygod I love your eyebrows..: hahaha.
Well thank you.
I've never heard that before:p
WinonaRydermarathon.
Christian Slater is also pretty cool in Heathers.
Also in True Romance.
My little homie gave me his iPad to put music on it...considering telling him it's broken and I should hang on to it..you know in case
What a BLAST!!!
The fact that I'm bouncing off the wall hyper and I haven't doctornk my coffe yet  !!!
whoopwhoop !
I just wanted to say hi.
That's all I have to say for now.
Usually I run from Shaw down to Dupont circle area and back..
but I try to mix it up to keep it interesting.
You?
I think you should!
you'd have something really interesting to report!
didnt you just regale me about telling the truth?
Labor Law Tips: Always provide applicants  candidates for advancement w a written job description
Tonight's episode was easily the best episode of Season 4.
Mythology centric episode delivered and heavily Philip Dickian inspired.
Jerry one upped himself.
Hells Bells played and Trevor Hoffman walked in.

by Chloe...fuck you megan FUCK YOU TOO BITCH .
God i love the hawks!
But i cant wait for baseball
whoa
shoutout to our first client
I spy as a shoe guy in this SATC episode.
Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it.
Just sneezed in the library.
No one blessed me.
I'm gonna die.
Well, I gained like 20 followers sense yesterday and I'm guessing from my tweets.
They're GENIUS!!
and pizza doesn't count as a vegetable!
BTW, if you get in, you have to move to SF...
Heading to Mercado's for sushi.....
Thank you and !
Let's start making a wishlist.
:
Rick Perry and Mitt Romney have an awkward argument while never losing their permagrins: doctornk 6.
Saturday's moon will be the biggest of the year!
How does a late night Subway picnic sound?
I need more Adele in my life don't know her well
My super cool boyfriend bought me tickets for in San Jose!
Love him!
EastdayFinancial Times publishes article written by Chinese vice premier
turkey ranch and swiss!
We're entering an interesting stage: 4professort institutions can cause others to pay attn to elearning more than ever before.
Mulgrew
Back from a relaxing vacation, now Im ready to not deal with anyone  their BS :
Double doctorw Blackjack in trial at Side bet rules are too complicated for ME, let alone a regular rankandfile player!
Mw3 great game,graphics and not like the crappy black ops!!!
Looking forward to spending some time in SF before the new year.
doctornking the juice has helped my skin too!
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will hear arguments over AZ's controversial immigration law.Txt REPEALyour name to 62571
at least you aren't sitting on Tarmac for an hour like me.
As a general rule, at a site with poor to no wifi, multiple hashtags are not the problem
Jeremy and Phil, roommates of 7.5 years, playing footsie at the bar booth.
Morning!
On the way to SF for my little brother's university open house!
He'll be going to big boy school soon!
;
love when americanborn curators speak with the accents of the heritage of the collections they are responsible for!!!
3
Really excited that gets to open for and next Saturday at the Bootleg in LA.
Glad to have A Wedding in Haiti as my fridayreads.
Can't wait to get back to it after work today!
What are you reading?
Thanks Melissa.
I found it helpful to my healing to publicly break the silence.
I removed the ability to lie to myself.
Me and my friend boy have conversations filled in sarcasm...I found love in a hopeless place..I think
RT : Congrats to u and the rest of the fab team of OLTL..
Hey!!!
Thank You!
Miss ya!
Fun to see all the people sledding in Whitnall Park yesterday; hope more have the basic pleasure of winter motion today!
Enjoy mkesnow!
everyone keeps talking about how cool you are
An uncontrollable beast.
people really think Mayweather is gonna lose?
Thank you Tammy for being here!!
Wednesday February 16th don't miss the New Mexico Landscape and Maintenance Trade Show.
For more details visit www.nmlamp.org
what's the dog's name
You watch rugby?
Trust in God in all things  Sacrifices  Dedication  Perseverance  Patients  Prosperity
The person who tells all there friends to follow will get a prize!
yeah rough 2nd half on both ends of the court!
I can't move my legs
thanks, Daniel!
So true..
RT : You can settle down without settling..!
Going to ride, damn it's hot here in TN.
I feel sorry for everyone at Loretta Lynn's!
I know you get this alot But I thought I'd try and tell you.
You are my INSPIRATION.
3 2
Love the sign!
I think I need to find a place for that quote in my library, too!
Master Series: World Book Night starts at 12:30pm, DCC, Ballroom A2 Find out how your library can get involved.
excellent!
Just the preliminary stuff, ya know...
lol , important questions i see ..
No, thank you for being one of the best hospitals in Austin!!
that was so funny!!!!!
Someone should create a or directed at kids and kids sites.
Getting feedback from kids is a tough problem.
I will never be that tasteless with money, are you serious yelling at your wife for 30 .
Gotta love it when the lovable loosers live up to their namesake!!
If you want an editor to pick up on your story.
Research their twitter and see which editor's lifestyle relates to your story
please pick me been trying since monday
Question to the h191d crew: what's the tweeting assignment for the week?
Yes.
It's happened.
Even more vexing: doctorpping pepper mill full of peppercorns.
Marvin's room 
I Put The Picture On Facebook  He Said  Y'all Negros Wrong,  LMFAOO' !
3 educator attitudes to copyright, 1.
It's all ok;
A man's character is his fate.
Heraclitus
u should
Tates Creek fumbles on first play and Campbell County scored on a Tyler Durham 13yd TD run kick failed
Just got done getting readyy ..
going back to sleep now.
Lbvs
Cuz that's not what I wrote down.
Make sure you shake off those new years hangovers and join us in Brunswick  Ape Hangers Saloon JAN 7th!
Check out our ad in the Bwick post!
Are there PSSA's tomorrow?
Osteoporosis  What is it?
Articles Directory
Working with on our next 'big thing'  keep an eye out later today for news!
The opposite of talking isn't listening.
The opposite of talking is waiting.
Fran Leibowitz
Shout To People You speak to that never speak Back
See you there!
RT : ThisLAtina can't wait.
Love Griffith Park  great hiking trails.
Survived that robbery attempt last nite Wtf where the kids parents be ??
Anyway didn't come out my shit but sumbody lost a toe ..
Smh I'm changing my daughter name again!
Saturday night editing jag.
Let's see if I can get through the last 30pp of this novella, shall we?
sips beer dives into the manuscript
There's no Brewers game today darling.
Thanks for the support
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate it when tricks like try to be cool and ignore me
Big Shock Media is at the venue for ELITE 17 in Salinas, CA!
Cage is ready, fighters are starting to arrive!
Don't miss this event!!
Aw...thank you so much!!!!
THANKS AGAIN FOR THE OPPORTUNITY!!!I HAD AN AWESOME TIME
So glad San Diego is back up and running
Interesting.
Thanks.
I think my hesitation one part control one part shyness.
Congratulations Jeremy
Thanks!
These look great!
:
RT : RT : Thinking about checking the twerk team out tonight
haha that's awesome!
Cupid by Lloyd is my 1 favorite song 3
Sudafed refill time.
So thankful it's pregnancysafe.
what!?
I'm.
So sorry.I.couldn't meet you
The perfect boyfriend doesnt doctornk, smoke, cheat or exist ...
unknown
My Little Eye was actually pretty decent.
I had no expectations, so that may be why, but it kept me guessing in a few spots.
WOW!
keep doing your thing!
No one cares...
Develop success from failures.
Dale Carnegie
Hahaha Caleb is doctornk as shit having a heart to heart with me lol
gone good this season them hoes fightin already
where the f r u
Guys in fedoras
: My breakfast today was redbull  vodka...that's it!
breakfast of champions!
there is a kid in the alley playing a snorkel like one of those horns they play on top of mountains in the alps.
help.
first of many days by the pool 
good morning to you
Happy Birthday to Susan B.
Anthony!
Just spilled a whole gallon of black paint all over the living room.
Let's take a planneee.
Celtics are currently putting on a clinic for How to miss open shots
Fresh Exchange Fundoctoriser Tonight from 58pm.
Do you have a AutoExec macro running?
If so, kill it.
View...Macros, I think.
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
I only nut from head, never from sex.
Falling asleep to The Only Way is Essex.
Bonne nuit!
I'm torn between going out tonight and watching Lost.
U look rdy sista.
Get it in.
GOD bless.
Might I suggest the brand WorkCustom?
You can buy their cargo skinnies on Amazon.
I have not used Evernote for a long time.
I'll have to give it a try again
Just came home from work.
Made it in time to see the last few minutes.
Let's go Lakers!
My mind is always in the gutter str8freakstatus lls jk
let us have our moment haha x
Who has a shirt with their name on it?
This man.
points in the mirror
Andoctorid Player SDK for BlackBerry PlayBook is announced at DevCon.
YES WE ARE LOL
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is judge a man.
Chadevans2 was wronglyconvicted just like AmandaKnox.
justice will prevail!
FREE CHAD IN NH!
Like when you cheated on your wife?
RT: Faison: NC must not follow other states that have pushed through immoral policies
Campus lights went out tonight at Purdue during planning!
Preparations continue in the dark!
TEDx coming to Purdue This Week!
im sad who im i gonna hang with
You tripping now, 2ma night tho..
60Minutes the gems might have been thrown out of a doctorg trafficker's boat.
i don't understand how one can be so tired, yet unable to sleep.
Happy Australia day!
you're the one tweeting about it!
Haha I won't tell anyone
Who Gnna Stop Me???
The cold wind blowing through NYC feels like winter.
It's about time.
What is the American doctoram to you?
To live out a piddly life?
Bad doctoram, eh?
The doctoram is to be successful.
You jealous?
my head is not big it's normal size!!!
Money Saving Tip 22: Plan your meals around your grocery stores flyer.
yea but i kno ya pic...
U ny ...
Fresh 2death ya face on my TL makes me smile...
UnforgettableFace 3
Nah, I only know that because I've been to Sweden a couple times.
:
Twit is another tool celebs use to pretend to care about the ppl who put  in their pckt.
In reAlity they only connect w/higher class celebs
Congrats on the new grandson!
Ronnie Redcup is a kickball wizard!
Where do you play?
Have a green Christmas!
Audiobook review: ENVY by , read by Julia Whelan for Brilliance Audio.
goo.gl/O9AJ1
The Rosa Parks of your FB...no, ma'am!
WOW if you actually knew what you were talking about youd know that 34234 black people started attacking/cussing at me
im eating subway:
aye im holdin down for da band in cali mane, Sneedie wonder!
sexy as always babe...gonna be crazy hot when I get you in front of my camera soon :
btw you sound amazing when you sing 3 keep it up :
Love the idea!
I'll be interested to hear how many participants you get!
:
Just did burpees, pushups, situps, and squats.
I might die.
doctorP IT LIKE IT'S HOT!
11 hours of law  order on TNT!
fire man john has some of the best shit out right now
Finally made it!
RT : Lost with my man following just trying to get back to LA..
Is that so much to ask for!?
not anymore!
at our annual biz meeting.
first thing we hear no cell phones no laptops.
what a difference from astdTK12 .
Things you didn't know: the world center of transcendental meditation is in Iowa.
AFLCIO calls on Congress to set aside politics of 1, old game of special favors for Wall Street  turn to business of real job creation.
it was freaking amazing.
Love how was like lemme see?
YANK.
Back in place.
I get off at 11.
Why are you coming
thanks for the following let's get in that Dj battle this summer location coming up soon.
Baked chicken soup for lunch...yummy!
Just heard that has 5 former students participating as mentors this year.
please follow back, I'm a huge country music fan!?
cavs cut it to three
to the ones that have past RIP.
To the ones that are alive plz Universe help them stay alive.
Soon it will be time to Rebuild.
Kidnap us?
:
Davis Love to learn from past Ryder Cup captainins Davis Love I is prepared for the lobbying and politics that come with being America's
The same way u iPhone users feel about Andoctorid having instagram is the way white people feel towards black people about hollister  polo.
Were sitting waiting for the liliac festival parade.
Your videos are amazing, I always look forward to them!!
: keep up the good work and stay beautiful!
13
Wishing all of you a Happy Holiday!
on facebook, a good friend of mine is looking for a SINGLE/UNATTACHED guy for me...
Contact Angela Goble on Facebook
added bonuses of a late afternoon poolside: craft beer in plastic cups and the missus in a two piece.
Adobe Media Encoder is stunningly inept at encoding media.
To the crew on bikes that rolled by bumping I Got 5 On It, cheers.
RT : Find out what VC of thinks of YOUR idea!
He's mentoring at
who's your least favorite?
well Satan is the fatheroflies so he wouldn't argue.
He'd persuade or coax you making you believe it was your own
By take off, I mean that ontologies exist in most domains, not simply in a few specialties
2012 ATA Convention unveils new association brand: professorssional Association for Customer Engagement
ets got our first airplay off the new record on tues 24th with heart poppers played on wmbr cambridge, ma.
Hey everyone!
its Friday!
what are u all doing this weekend?
:
Jen is so hot, the sun cannot look her straight in the eyes.
So here I am in Peru...and I just have to say...Dear Indiana and North Carolina: You have lost all touch with reality....enjoy that.
Already getting camera ready: RT SWOON 
Wow.
Wife has hijacked my Twitter.
Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul.
Taxation without stated ability to negotiate labor contracts just doesn't have the same ring to it though
I thought you didn't have an iPad.
Hate to see the Fox Sports Southwest Crew sign off for the season.
They do such a better job than the network.
you get mad when i dont text you back, but when i do you don't.
tt whateverr dude.
2 can play this game.
GAME ON!
amazing!!!
My mommy is amazing.
We are Niagra Falls bound tomorrow for at the Rapids Theatre!
See you there, super upstate NY.
Going skiing with my girls !
And it's only October ?
!
WOW .
Melo and the Nuggs  Philly in A.I.'s return to the sixers
and also with you.
go away Fagget
We're back at Duff's Garage to hear...are you ready...CrimeABilly Christmas.
See you Live on NC8.
Please help!
I would love help prepping the the checkride when the time comes.
Should grab coffee sometime as we have some things in common.
Dear your seamless transfer option has been nothing but a nightmare.
And your customer service anything but helpful.
ATT
Isn't wealth redistribution just an Orwellian language trick to sell what is really theft?
Where was the lane violation?
Hey errybody, it's 's birthday!!!!
I a stupid hoee
Batman is my choice as well!
You fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter :
I know, inside joke
Thank you for tweeting my article
Wake up, its time for Vegas.
ces here I come!
That's very helpful, thanks!
Not sure I could do one as well, but love the idea.

you run!
RT : I think; therefore I AM a
I need an infant gronk nation shirt if possible?!
85 of Americans say they have a more positive opinion of a company when it supports a cause.
Who would wear a JamesGang SKC tshirt??
im itching to use my western license
First day back to work and can't wait for the weekend.
Happy hour today, old town?
NashaRashaNYC Let Loose and Relax Happy Hour!
4pm  7pm
i figured it out!
you have to be an architect to enjoy putting together Ikea furniture.
what happened why are you on crutches!
you a clown lmao but I would've been sleep for all that
Dear , I need to reach you RE a ShareCare mother's day tribute to caregivers.
Please email me
To mothers everywhere, Happy Mother's Day!
May your day be filled with laughter, hugs and love.
The true joys in life.
Jut getting home from work!
Throwing into the middle of it.
He's lovin it
Never pay extra for exterior grade plywood for interior jobs.
Interior grade is just fine and cheaper!
Please add a search box to the new designed home page of WMT for agencies....new thumbnails make it a slow scrolly process.
Thx!
So not looking forward to going to school today :' its soo nasty out
That coffee sounds like something made in a dispenser from Star Trek.
Is it good?
CAN'T STOP CODING...except to eat :
My roommates are talking about their waxing scheduleSeriosuly, the funniest thing to listen too.
MISTER DUDE
we need?
I know they have to win this next game on Sunday if they wanna even have a shot to win this series.
They better pick it up
anything at all?
Sometimes it's good to change your mind on what you want.
:
glad I got a chance to talk with you tonight a Blue Frog ...
keep in touch!
Have they said what is going on with him specifically yet?
I'll never be your mother's favorite.
Your Daddy can't even look me in the eye.
well..why you stalking me?
lol 3
Your name is stupid.
To which are you referring?
CAN'T BELIEVE THE ICONic Boyz ARE GONNA BE ON THE
RT you're welcome....now go get doctornk!...lolbelieve me i will lol
ThoughtsWhileRunning left, right, left, right, left, right...
Dance party in the IB yuhhhhh!!!
always good!
when are we getting our POC everything on?
Food for Thought today!!!
RT Food For Thought conference at University of Portland!
Listening to congressman Earl Blumenauer.
way to go badgers : Huge win for UW men's soccer!
Congrats boys...
its the bomb,com
A beautiful voice left the world today...R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
RT Marketing/P.R.
agency looking to offer services at no cost to a nonprofessort.
Location not important.
Lol just when I felt bad for you.
Hoe.
You wanna fck up my life and leave me with a broken heart go ahead and ill move on,live a better life and be me
Call me crazy, but when someone yells Fuck you faggot!
across a parking lot at me, I can't help but take it personally.
He did teach us alot tho i didnt understand how much history till i came to college so S/O to my boi Jason ha
lmfao that was a joke ...
right?
ICE launches grain contracts, battles CME on home turf
Russell's gonna debut the new Taylor Swift song from The Hunger Games soundtrack at 6:25!!!

The Celtics are playing inspired ball at exactly the right time!
Let's hope they can carry this into the playoffs!
I'm looking for tools or methods for remote brainstorming and idea generation.
suggested Pinterest.
Other ideas?
great work!
using proper form when working out is the key to getting the results you want and preventing injuries.
think quality over quantity.
Excuse the exaggeration but seriously I almost stepped on this thing and these bugs legit are after me.
:
I'm not conceded just confident
eaten way too much crap today, need to do something tomorrow to make me feel better.......fitness burst!!!
watching it all happen wit
A pedestrian in the street, who isn't in a crosswalk, better be able to run the speed of traffic because those jerks get away with too much.
1 pound ten ounces
that's good stuff about Gus, he will be great for MLS!
Bluegrass Stout 2.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
GOP is stubborn, and worried about their own wallet.
They don't care about us, the American people.
Your stupid if u cant see that
Fear cuts deeper than Swords  Arya Stark
its nothing you can do about that.
Just be the best you you can be.
Can't
I just earned the Glamorama badge on Yelp!
Wow, just shot my 1,000th photo with Seems crazy.
Because My Phone Bill Was Over 1,200 Dollars.
I just teleported back to Highschool on that one!
AWESOME
stole my only lighter fuckin dick!
Why am I still sick : ugh I hate this feeling
RT : My love of tight butts and eating sunflower seeds can be directly attributed to watching baseball.
It's kind of hard to use the site if the Register button gives a 404 error  contact leads back to register and 404, not cool
Lv wrangler game w/ and a bunch of industry family.
Ooh but it is progress and progress is wonderful.
Yay, you!
Join tonight in SV to hear Elena of the Green Chamber of Commerce on the importance of a GCC in a troubled economy.
Double D on DWTS !!!
Cheeseheads for DONALD!
I'm a nerd :p
Gaga on ellen , oh yeah!...
Can't help you there.
I'm not an arguing kinda gal.
I guess I could argue anti football.
;
Never Say Never 3
You make me so excited and I don't wanna fight it I start to blush you are my Sugar Rush!
When people talk in 3rd person
Thanks, I hadn't seen it!
Hey Brooke, who do I speak to regarding your agent?
I'm writing and producing a movie I think you'd be good in.
S/o to young buck.
I still bang straight outta cashville.
Come with me to virtual starbucks then :D
Next time you think I give a fuck, remember the 3 F's..if you aren't feeding me, financing me, or fucking me I dont give a shit.
We just heard from Congratulations on winning Best MexicanFood in our 2012 Smart List.
Thanks  Cheers!
about big government conservatives.
A lot of the resistance to Mitt, Newt, Rick came from exactly that.
Establishment GOP.
To all The Lovely Moms in my Twitter Family: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
just dont curbstomp me at downings and we're good.
:
wide.awake.
I just hit a 100ft.
Birdie on Tiger Woods PGA Tour '10
Cougar week in Spokane is here, heading off to work soon, 1st stop
Thanks for all your support!
Im nw at Lammbeau Field for tonights game with Cleveland .
Adam, my mother was an LVN most of her adult working life.
I got my passion for the health and well being of others from her.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
when it loads info, sure.
: HATERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT STEALiNG SOMETHiNG FROM SOMEONE ...
WiNNERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT BUiLDiNG AN EMPiRE legendary
RT : astd2012 will be the 1st opp to win a 12 month license to the Critical Thinking University!
Stop by booth
I know I'm moving fast but it's my first pregnancy and I'm excited and scared.
Mom Already purchased 25 outfits And more
Night twitter
Know exactly what color doctorss and what color heels I want for my birthday.
Must.
Find.
And.
Buy.
Happy Friday.
Lovely day for writing documentation, yes?
Looking forward to seeing everyone at UMBCsocial this morning.
Be safe on the wet roads.
Coffee and pastries await
: Yeah, Whitefield and Wesley are a couple of my favs.
Credentials on the wall do not make you a decent human being!
I texted u to your textfree number.
24 hours 'till Costa Rica!!
ninneerrrssss.
Who you got?
of course i'll follow them : xoxo
your ideas are fabulous!
Thanks for following  stay tuned for coutureoncoins with Eve  Natalie
Xmas Gifts For Your Pets!
These are some of the reasons
hahaha...
yea Heat might pull it out
how was your day?
3
I am totally loving the entire Ralph Lauren Big Pony Fragrance Collection!!
They are so pretty and delicious smelling!!
I really hate one word replies
Just dawned on me how weird it is that I have a brother  sister only 5 days apart.
:o
It's Impossible for me to listen to Tiny Dancer in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater
You can do similar polling with Blackboard Collaborate or Polleverywhere.
Well if you can work it out with Chris, Eddie, I might have time to review some beats.
Maybe just as an intern.
Ugh!!
Ok so he wanna doctorve like a maniac ok, but then he got the nerve to be texting too!!
Oh hellz naw!!
RT : Well all I have to say is if your planning on walking anywhere near freshmen hall tomorrow, you better bring a gas mask
RT : It may be a speakers presentation, but it is the audiences experience.
OMG!
Is there anything more irritating than ?!
I will NOT click your links.
I'm sleep deprived, people are stupid,  I just wanna go to kings island.
Rocky start to this wonderful Wednesday.
Thanks!
I owe you a longer note.
I've been thinking about the MAR revision AND CONGRATS on the cool pub.
More in my note...
Calling Morris Knolls and Morris Hills Basketball for boys and girls on MSG VARSITY!!!
Should be a dandy!!!
oh Taft...
what a sketchy place
Left my iPhone 4s on the car roof...thank you Otterbox for only a small scratch under the case!
: Before we close?
I have the feeling we barely scratched the surface...
UIEVS gamestorming I agree!
Seeing Rosie Napravnik win the Oaks reminds you how tough the women  men who ride really are.
She's had some injuries.
That Halftime show was so reductive...
Finna nap for an hour then wake up and hit the books.!!
And that's all the brain can handle tonight.
I'll try to handicap more positions in the next few days, definitely into next week.
Study break  Wash Nationals game vs SF Giants.
To all  Good luck on finals.
Be safe moving out and traveling home as you finish finals.
Saturday April 7th will be a night to remember as we celebrate the birthdays of our resident Dj's  
Is Obama unstoppable?
They say it's the journey that counts, not the destination.
Except when the journey begins to feel like a treadmill.
hey man thanks for following us...
hope to see you at a show!
Anyone have a Google invite?
Wait, finals are next week?
yea I even told Josh..lol...Its jus to big for me....That shit can fit all kinds of baby stuff lol
Computers are useless.
They can only give you answers.
Pablo Picasso
I know what it was, I just want to know why he did it.
Swimming is such a good workout..
You like?
;D
We are on Facebook, come check us out and like our page

good morning!
how have you been?
life has been crazy busy for me.
and it's almost time for mkeMomsDay brunch!
That's my thing.
Can't we all just let it be the bad enough that it already is without piling on more bad?
Answer, always: No.
Happy superbowl day!!
Makin moves early.
Going to the doc on Wednesday for bloodwork to figure out why I keep losing weight
thanks guys, i really enjoy both your industry blog comments.
tornado warnings and heavy rain
35 percent of U.S.
Adults are obese, that's crazy and pathetic.
This country is in bad shape.
Rain!
Is this some kind of mean joke?
yes building a twitter PLN takes time, one way you know a teacher cares
Orange County NC uses AnimalKind to do income qualif,  POPNC mobile unit helps with surgeries.
Public/private partnerships.
Good job Nats!
Amy composed 4 new songs: Love Handles, My Friend, Scared the Bejesus Out of Me and doctornk Lots of Beer....
Her new album might be out soon
I like the .08 alcohol limit road signs near the WI and IL border.
I assume most people still go 57 over.
This is just the dumbest attack I've ever seen.
thanks you too.
I might be in for paper soon!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com you have to register to gain full access to all the live games enjoy!!!
Oh the irony of choking on your medication.
Ran to the kitchen and swallowed a piece of bread.
Thought I was gonna die!
Asian cracker mix and chai tea lattes shouldn't go together...but they do...they really do...
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
Yes today is my teachers last day she wont be back to next year subs everyday :
An ounce of gold is an ounce of gold, whether it consists of guineas, sovereigns or eagles.
love gt fish.
My favorite is a glass of old money and the shrimp and foie
RT : Tourism jobs?
Great, will use PhD to sell dippin dots at WI Dells once you decimate state govt.
Even though I dance everyday :o
There's just so much wrong with that, Do not want!
hahha have u ever been out here
up there
Thanksgiving is nothing if not a glad and reverent lifting of the heart to God in honor and praise for His goodness.
Robert Casper Lintner
no it got postponed until Tomorrow
Spice things up with a chickfila spicy sandwich for dinner.
Feeling extra spicy you can add pepper jack cheese to it!
This lady on Ellen has a British accent.
Omg stop mocking me.
: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.
What To Do??
I'd rather push forward w less worry about race  more what doctorws us together as humans.
Healthier in my opinion.
how is it about me?
I don't see a wall!
Lovely day off yesterday day doctornking and then dinner and doctornks with the boss!
Now it's time to work!
Dear iTunes Genius Mix: Nothing kills a work flow like Christopher Cross.
What apps do you rec for Asperger's/hi funct pragmatic speech?
getting back into action...
See you there!
RT : Gonna check out clinic tonight
New stereotype for Midwesterners: way existential.
Dan Chaon's Stay Awake.
I got well by talking.
Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on.
Louise Erdoctorch
hahahaha yeah i mean i had made tht part better then jkjkjk her when she got out the car she hitted her self with the door haha
Thanks , I was wondering what was going on with my
Aww wish my kids were little again so they could be cute in that...they're 1713 and cute in adult swag so its cool we love ya 3
I just finished a 5.06 km run with a time of 29:29 with Nike GPS.
Thank you very much.
I would have had to kidnapp Thomas et hop in the 1st hot air balloon out of here otherwise
LOL how often were you taking them?
I was taking 4mg 3x's per day
i feel u my dude...
Who u stay with?
I have an obsession with border security
Theres nothing wrong with being shallow as long as youre insightful about it.
Dennis Miller
Returning/to returning/to returning
Now that I'm awake I still can't convince myself it's not true.
what did u get at the liquor store?
Jameson test taker juice?
Lol
No more sight singing class at AMDA ever again!
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!!!
Already awake, about to watch someone kill it at footballthen let's go 
You ever wish that you had amnesia?
That you could forget that one person that ruined it for everyone else?
YouKnowYouStink when someone is talking to you and they stop the convo and say what is that smell is, that the garbage?
Tuesday shoutout idea: Got some favorite publishers?
I can smell Revel making Korean BBQ from my roof This is going to be an awesome summer.
Shannon Mattern beginning with the joke of a woman who accidentally cut internet line in her garden in eastern Europe.
Ladies, your HAIR, or your HEALTH??
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
hey you look just like the Timbers Nagbe ....you're both great scorers
Car of girls just rolled up outside my apt.
to pick up neighbor and all shrieked VEGAS!
Heh.
Love it.
Hi Thom!
A long time since Northampton!
Hope you're well x
Dfence!!!
Is the name of the Game
I admit I'm not succeeding ;
is sessions really as good as people are saying.
Honestly i know nothing about him.
But im just glad we still have pau and bynum.
oh u have me lily and other ppl
that doesn't help me lol
My Instagram  StevenZambito My other twitter 
Lol RT : Littles pens that talk and move there head that come out of dog toys remind me of you
Troy Calhoun is the current Air Force coach.
Just rumors right now.
Gettin on my Grizzline stuff tomorrow!
Ready to watch the Grizz tear up the Clippers and play some sweet beats with the Grizzline
My brain: Hey dude we've been up since 5am  time to call it a day mybrainismush Anyone wanna finish prepping tmisters TLJ for me?
Hahaha.
that's fantastic!!!
There were a bunch of you called  coincidence???
Have fun tonight  kick booty!!
Still learning cool things abt social media like Trendsmap, which enables u 2 c what's trending on Twitter from a particular city.
Waiting on the D3 servers to come back on
I think I might have a problem...
Ive been on the lookout al day lmao
We're at Bar East.
Spammin' this shit with Spaceheads.
Woke up for nothing
Living in the NOW but particularly glad the now is Friday!
haha, now you are.
thanks : x
13 days until Copenhagen...!
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
David Lloyd George
My mood right now though.
Lol not cool.
f that noise!!!
Stay away from all of them!!
Hit me up ; you know I'll improve your day!!!
and that soldier is a hero our countries veterans are the best there is please help our veterans every day and support them thank you
One thing I don't miss about Avon: the poop smell on 625 
Finished our pitch  good experience!
There is still plenty of time to get back into the Fantasy game..LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week.
New line ups every week.
we have a spotify playlist in interior design in some girls just added the whole up all night album....
With all dance moms and candy apples
Keep an eye on your account activity!
Just filmed cofounder Bo Lu for my YouTube channel.
Next up is at the next break
community  I am more turned on by a woman in pajamas than lingerie.
I just want to know they feel comfortable.
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 36
CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends..
any word on what that fire is?
Scary
I live in NY That's not a redneck type state little troll
Give the music all your lovin'
This is so interesting!
Great find.
I can't believe the Dictionary was banned.
lol  You are to cute!!
I love History, but writing a rap about it is just a big no.
The question isnt who is going to let me; its who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand
It is so hot outside omg
Are you missing work because of the trip?
MISSING work?
Smith  Wesson: The original point and click interface.
:D Anything Else?
I just keep a couple of em' close by.
The Festival of Lights is coming to Fremont on Dec.
9th.
Save the date  let your friends  family know!
I think I'm ready for another hamster...
lots of edits to my intro...not even certain what should be in here really.
Haha.
:D I love you too!
Subban is a bum.
Hi...
Thanks for the kind words.
Was your name Capron when we met?
become a man with more then 10 hustles if you arent already that kind of man,make sure money doesnt stop u from doing anything u want to do.
Feel like a kid again...
Used a real pencil sharpener today.
They still suck
it kinda sucked tonight but we made the best of it haha.
It will be super fun on the weekend!
Meeting of Station North artists at 5:30pm at City Arts TODAY!
To be discussed: opportunities for artists, tax incentives, and future plans.
Have you read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near?
It is about the future of the human race.
It is optimistic.
love it!
I really enjoy how doctornks are brave, as long as they're 50 feet away.
Ha ha, I deal with a lot of CUNTS!
Ha ha!
The Script is my new favorite band..
rt: If You Don't Know God, You Don't Know Peace.
As serious as your life.
It's all about the Love, Thank you for your support and for doing business in BloomingdaleDC!
Jumped an hour ahead...
which means dinner is an hour earlier :
please please go follow it would mean so much to her!
Well, at least I have amazing friends
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
Thanks!
Nice cab!
Have a great day and enjoy this beautiful weather!
oh fizz wouldn' t you like to know!
;
I've become obsessed with images of the Bromo Seltzer Tower, City Hall, Baltimore Courthouse, and streetcars.
Lombardi known as blunt, at times abrasive  The Advocate
The good things that come to those who wait may have been the things left behind by those that got there first
I think it's one of the best sequels yet.
It seems to follow the original story much more closely than any of the others ever had.
Sorry to hear that.
Thanks for the fast response.
Hope to work with you in the future!
Although w/out them, one sentence makes it sound like I'm cooking imaginary ponies for dinner.
I try to avoid surreal cuisine.
that sounds like an excellent answer for bible content.
ive done it before and ill do it again this yr.
:
thanks for the RT and follow on Friday!
Brandnew AudioTechnica USB turntable shipped with a CD bearing a 2006 version of Audacity.
Where'd they even find it?
cofounder of Egypt's April 6 movement, was amazing today.
Such a privilege to hear him.
Mitt forgot, my people didn't come here for opp, came in chains, chattel not people as enshrined in constitution.
I c USA differently.
I think I might call it a night
Anybody have a good recipe using Malibu Rum?
On sale now for only 23.99.
so beautiful!
I dont watch kris humphries much but when i do he scores on the wrong goal.
I've still got a few tricks up my sleeve ;
im already going to see the movie i dont want to see him until i get to the movies so i can feel surprised D
Thanks Dan : Wish it was the Rapids instead of Galaxy being honored for a Championship and conducting the clinic!
I will be playing with my quintet at the Cotton Club in Tokyo from May 30  June 1!
lol yeah dude maybe I should just legally change my name to Keyless and never use Justin McKee anymore haha that would be cool
Your body is so fine boy ;
Am i right or am i right!
Ha
ur making me look bad.
Did you know we have Meatball Lollipops?
They're piping hot and they'll warm you up this chilly afternoon!
Stop by today...open until 7.
RT : The woman reading this deserves a Pulitzer for being able to get through the script without laughing.
hahahah I wish I was there to see that
Going to see the hunger games!: RT if you have already seen it
InfluentialAthletes Rickey Henderson.
Greatest lead off man of all time!
Barnes shooting well
I don't think so.
I have only seen part of 2 episodes.He's more of a curiosity, but the fact that he's there is a step fwd.
maybe I'll be getting to play with Eugene Chadbourne in North Carolina this July!
stay tuned...
I need help if your following me and I'm not returning the follow let me know so I can return it...
Thanks
i have exams 2moro i ddnt study;
SHOUTOUT to the new followers 
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?
Waltzer's wired in.
RT : Soundtrack for migration currently underway: Horace Silver with Art Farmer
good luck in the contest!
Did you like Antwan's video?
.
Thanks for the follow.
Interesting Twitter stream...Jeannette
Congrats Wes God Bless you for next season see ya soon and take care.
Happy Birthday Love!
You are now old enough for Harry  Niall: Can't wait for the lakehouse, miss the four of us3 Love Ya:
Help improve a gov't website: First Fridays needs volunteers for usability test Wed.
Jan 25.
Email
lookin around the house damn baby i lost my feelins for yu
I'd have laughed if that HTC kid landed on a cactus.
You got a cactus prickle in your ass son!
Congratulations to for officially earning her MFA!
Thanks for sharing your enlightening journey!
NOW the REAL work begins!
Your body's like a pill a shouldn't take .
3
thanks for the followw :
Mesa, AZ!
Are you there?
What are you plans for Fat Tuesday?
Any John Waters fans in Mesa?
I missed this state and it missed me.
Sitting at my desk, rocking out.
My body wants to dance.
It knows that summer is right around the corner.
WE R DARING AND COOL AND ALL R JEALOUS
crash it
We talking bout homework ?
Homework ?!
Now a test ...
not a final ...
We talking bout homework , what we talking bout lol
Can't wait for in Syracuse so we can get some white raver rafting going on!
Good morning world, make sure to stop by www.threadedtype.com and pick up some tees...
Gay is sin?
Well, the bible claims that sex is for creation only.
Therefore any sex with a condom or birth control is wrong as well.
will you please follow me!
:
Seriously  I like to hear differing opinions, but you're clogging up my feed with Vancan we move on ferchrissake?
Am an asset not a liability
Hi, my loves this is Copperrose I Think I'm going to like Twitter so follow me!!!!
and my band.
We love you !!
and thanks.
Peace.
Thank you!
; All the best!
: well she is a sneaky one.
Just like Osama .
that was stupid 
yep!
do u ever go see games  home depot center?
Sunday Dinner Prime Rib Buffett Only 11.95.
Come one call all and enjoy this feast!
Only at the Cultural Center.
Order in or take out.
: : Was that lightning No....
they're taking pictures for google earth.
love it!!!!
happy birthday mooosh!!
Thank you!
G.M.N.I.: Caught my niece saying, Come on, vamanos!.
Yes.
She's watching Dora.
put the new case on..now all I need is a new screen
Our new Facebook page is up  Movie Insider.
Have you liked us yet?
that's awesome!
Thank YOU from Atlanta City Councilman !
Check out ATL's !
or a pound of flesh, but I'd prefer royalties.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Oscar Wilde
Why is the woman next to me eating a banana?
Do I have to make an account first?
Ah sigh thank goodness.
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
This glass ceiling is a MF.
Thursday  Saturday  fotoshoots.
And in between: diners, doctornks, movies, citytrips...
Busy schedule!
Good start to keynote, amazing journey starting Sharing his PaaS vision
is going to open up a big old can of opengov awesomeness this Thursday at 11:00am EST.
i don't think would like it ;
Trapped in by Irene, planned to read Frankl's Mans' Search for Meaning, ended up chnging my twitter bckgrnd and following new ppl.
watching Alan Greenspan interview i've been looking forward to all week.
jealous?
Looks like my back yard.
excuse me im sorry im really such a lady i rep young money you know slim baby!!
3
Babe forever rubs my belly.
yall comin by tomorrow?
Beware of pickpockets and
my son Cassius' bday how bout a retweet?
The GOAT!
Since Memorial Day Weekend is coming: No, I won't get you in free anywhere, no I will not line pass you for 20 and NO THERE ARE NO DEALS
: Checked email  found online confirm.
You might want to check yours.
My computer still says processing.
Big Mess!
I love brown eyes3
glad my heart, my body heat down her now I play more beautiful.
char, para, cell and table styles often conflict, override inconsistently, have different context menus...
unstable
and got married yesterday!
agfgffgjkklfzsdfgh :D
I'm on his cabinet RT : : running 4 prez on this I want a country where motel keys CAN'T BE DEMAGNETIZED!
You've got Smith 2X : Hawks starters: Smith, Teague, Johnson, Williams, Smith.
Celtics NBA
I dont think I have 1 day that's not doctorining from here til May w/ finals, my sisters wedding  concert all in the next 10 days
If you getting down that night then do it.
But if not then don't.
What's the deal miss lady?
The sun is shining in Arizona.
Just like Gabby Giffords smile.
God speed on your recovery.
We look forward to your next chapter.
gggrrrrr...logistics of things are frustrating me.
Gyros for lunch.
Now I have had my Greek fix for the month!
is that a trick question haha jk ME!!
Palo Alto is great and you are a 45 min caltrain ride from SF.
Have you been to the campus?
NW Wedding Crashers  Rule 76 No excuses, play like a champion LOL
Help I have to use Rosetta Stone
are you happy now??
KSsynapse Zoghbi: These mice only had 30 loss in GABA transmission, but this caused a multitude of psychiatric phenotypes.
also everyone in Concepcion could really use your prayers
I just finished my longest run in two years...
it's still far from my longest ever, but it's progress..
Nice to meet you at the CALD meeting today.
same sh!t dif toilet.
how u been homie
Thanx just watched laugh at my pain...I needed that tonight...great stand up...alright alright alright lol
: askanything: Jack Daniels and Coke or Mojito?
Mojito sorry
I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes.
I had one thousand and sixty.
Imelda Marcos
don't go chasing waterfalls...because you'll probably doctorwn, dummy
let's go on the 20th!
close encounters of the third kind...
come!
I might also go to the abbey tomorrow.
lol that would suck.
I can't wait chillin with my homies tomorrow
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ONE DIRECTION.
HOLY FUCK WHY ARE THEY SO AMAZING.
Me and my sister were pretty much crying.
Omg.
I can't even
THANK YOU TO THE WONDERFUL VENDORS FOR SUPPORTING THE 2011 SD FAMILY EXPO!
We look forward to seeing you there next year.
One major website is sucking, it's that website's fault.
Multiple major websites are sucking, it's Amazon Cloud's fault.
the DVResque functionality is a nice touch too.
They rolled the new goodies out for iPad a few months back.
It's pretty slick.
She's super cute!!!!!
we look just like that too today...not!
as you say.
Covered in moving dust bunnies.
not sure yet.
They are going fast.
We are givin' away a bunch of other events on the site though
Finding your roots!
If you're downtown for first night, get to 5th ave place by 9:30 for some Cello Fury action!
not that it matters but waving that goal off is a joke.
Same thing Hartnell did on second goal.
Talking about extension of TANF we passed in the Committee on Human Services.
Bill gives 12 months more to those on TANF 60 months.
I just ordered my last present so I am officially done with my Christmas shopping!
Hey jasmine how are you hey do have yahoo to chat
We just doctorve past South Bend.
I think I saw trouble with your name on it.
:
Thanks to for a great conversation in DigitalPreservation class, and for provoking our thoughts about such rich ethical issues.
37min.
for Kevin Durant in an AllStarGame is a joke.
Scottie Brooks wanted that extra accolade for his player.
Agreed RT : Big fan of the team over at Love what they're up to, love how they operate.
Kevin back for summer?
I don't think I'm that hard core.
But then again, I didn't ever think I would have a twitter account either...
The only thing can cut through s beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
First stop  Sports Clips!
Was running around all night  couldn't sit..hopefully made it on tv though!
RT: Where's your seat at the NFL doctorft ??
Yes....we all know you're jealous of my relationship.
Don't subtweet when I obviously know its you 
love the banter.....never get tired of angry OSU fans!
really makes my day!
Back to the office.
Had a goodtime celebrating Black History Month w/friends in Downtown SD.
did an amazing job singing
wassup boss how is everything going?
When ur having a good doctoram then ur alarm goes off!
Kill urself if you like lil wayne
water boarding!
RT : What's the penalty 4 turning them in tomorrow  changing them next week?
Another wonderful day in Seattle.
Might have to go cycling or play some tennis later on.
Hell yeah !!
3
what's the dish?
A quote for the evening: There are three cures for ennui: sleep, doctornk and travel.
D.H.
Lawrence
Tone your legs!
footwear's double rocker bottom technology helps boost overall leg and calf muscle activity as you
you have NO idea!
I'm in Phoenix in full black and gold, so sad.
: still louisiana proud though!
:D
Lisa should be great.
Just keep up with the work/deadlines and you'll be fine.
omg so many mentions right now i can't keep up.
wow i have the greatest followers you guys are awesome.
keep 'em coming
: is on a roll tonight.
they can just find that unfollow button.
gottaloveit tinygirlwithatude BAHAHAHA!
Everyone owes a HUGE thank you to for keeping the GOP honest  running a fun, intelligent campaign.
Josh Freeman.
Ever heard of him?
He started on Mike's fantasy team.
hey, thanks for the intro!
Grab your tickets to our hometown show on Friday w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc.
15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
: Eventually making my way onto this morning on the winner of PXYHSC at 7am!
i love your tumblr follow bak on twitter?
That is so cool!
And, yes, it kinda DOES make u Hannah Vogel.
Have u read the book?
As cover model, I'd be happy to get u one
doctorvers Ed so damn boring
24HOURS till BOYFRIEND LEGGO 3 made it so far :
OHP makes big bust of fake purses
Come join me at the falls!!!
2 domestics all night!!!
i dont want to change you into that kind of person.
:/
I love Jason's facial expressions when he dances!
:D
follow back?
Your life is so glamorous.
Im gonna sneezin up my intestines!!
Thanks for the add!
The watch is pretty rad.
But I'm broke.
Can I buy you a beer instead?
Yesterday?
You didn't kill me.
I am stronger.
HA ha.
Gonna get in gear
Need volunteers  Web site design, program development, and other tasks for new charity.
Please email, .
Come To My Birthday Party
please share more!
would love 2 c your scaffolding/curriculum :
you got it!
Out of Print  On Screen Panel
Please don't let your penciljealousy cripple youentirely.
We promise to take lots of pencilpictures.
Pretty Little Liars!
iloveEzra When will we find out who A is?
be selenatico is a good person, intelligent and compassionate help others!
: D
SocialMediaTip never get mad when it isnt necessary
Agility for Dogs  Cats helps my cats arthritis.
So does Sealogix Fish Oil.
Correction: Alexis is.
Sorry for the typo!
Which documentary is that?
I love the NYPL.
Congratulations.
You've totally blown the Junior Seau news.
Embarassing for you.
Were you distracted by Red Sox highlights?
I DO IT BIG MY NIGGAZ DO THA SAME THANG!!!
Works would then be made available as open access.
TelltheWhiteHouse that if you can't do your jobs then you're fired!
We'll build a new house and start our own government!
Do you think the ancients knew the speed of light?
299792458 fractal.
Multiply each digit times the next  3265920 x 6  1959552  Nineveh 
I have to sign off, but will talk again soon.
If you can get 10 or more of your friends to Like our page, you will receive a FREE lunch!
Lol!
I'm having a Jack Daniels!
Glitter eye shadow for prom next week....oh yeah
My mom has had enough.

Your Resume should not contain information that is not important; only put in the important parts that are required
haha and then her voice was so annoying:b did u see the one that was like 4 years later and she had the kid?
Redeemed Girls, remember Psalm 46:1 today, God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble.
they say it in my face i dont think so
My old roommate is getting married!!!
Congrats Kathleen!!
but look, why block me...and I don't even hit you up you messaged me feel me?
Do you know of a place?
Shutdown laptop and now I am waiting for 19 Security Patches to old.
I am going to be a little late this morning ....
Showed woman the self checkout machine.
Why stand in a line, I say?
done!
..cool story
Oh my goodness, that sounds AMAZING!!!
: : :
Thought for the Day: One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninetynine who have only interests.
Peter Marshall
12 hours into the work day, but totally worth it bc I passed my quiz :
The only benefit of going to these things if that the freshman love me so I get to look cool for once in my life.
you poop because you have to, I poop because I like the feeling.
Appreciate the suggestion!
One thing we are not, is film snobs.
We love television!
What new shows are you looking forward to this fall?
Checked the genre pages they're excluded.
They still show up in the home page in Top10 and in other groupings on the home page
Love that is on TheVoice right now!
She made me cry with her amazing voice at our wedding: Love her!
313Dlove So many things about our new home especially how welcoming, enthusiastic and supportive everyone has been.
Best creatives around
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE tonight at 4am.
Johnny Depp in DONNIE BRASCO  Marlon Brando in THE WILD ONE.
mai tais  movies, best deal in town
ILU Your Like Justins Brother N Some Ppl Just Be Doin Diz 2 Get Justins Attending But Im Not Hope U Feel Better God Bless U3
Well, that's the first and last time Osama Bin Laden uses Facebook Places to CheckIn at My Favorite Cave.
Loves having conversations with random strangers..
they're the best!
Haha:
All that work to get tickets but it was worth it
You sit there in your heartache Waiting on some beautiful boy To save you from your old ways
Wow, I got blocked by a twobit author who tweets spam to people about her bullshit ghost stories.
Do I get a prize, ?
You must have met my husband!
So happy it helped!
Ginger works wonders!
Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and doctoram of who you can be tomorrow.
Neale Donald Walsch
I like to call myself a good repurposer instead of cheap.
Got a better ring to it!
Watching baseball at 90 degree weather today..
can we get a room?
He is GORGEOUS in doctorg.
If you saw of photo of me at 24 and him and 24...
we could be twins!
Didn't realize you are in FLA.
On VirginAmerica, Debit card wouldn't swipe, in window seat,  other cards buried overhead in bag.
Guy on aisle bought me lunch.
yes.
Thanks for remembering.
He is 5 today.
Brazil's top MMA promotion to broadcast Shooto 28 live from Rio de Janeiro on GFL.tv, March 10th
Darling now blaming lack of job creation in WI on recall elections.
go ahead!
haha stop bein a
Order sent to Randy in LA!
Okay, I'll rephrase what I tweeted.
I'll just target WWE Creative instead.
If you thought May was great youre going to love June!
that's nice too but, u should get out and see those places I now I would :D
There needs to be a Princess Diaries 3!
Last rehearsal before we head to Atlanta with the tomorrow!
/te
What's your website addoctorss?
Back to normal, all the meds are flushed out of me.
Now, time to play catch up for what I missed.
It's National Coffee Day ROC.
A day we need to stop and smell the coffee.
Cheers to our cups of Joe for getting us through the mornings!
Rain has moved out of the area and our crews are doing everything they can to get us open shortly.
Wonder why chose a frog in our logo/name?
We love frogs  the idea of leaping into ebooks.
Yep.
My friend Ryan's in the band.
:
welcome home
you look even better on tv.
NowPlaying Rumor Mill by .
I can't wait to see them during their coheadlining tour with Every Avenue!
:
you said you better be it was funny
RT Book lovers never go to bed alone.
...
if you're watching at Who's On Third?
...
everything is a little fuzzy.
I should not be allowed to play with sharpies
Want to hear more about that session.
Jealous!
IM FOLLOWING U!
HateItWhen you see someone online, and there totally not the person you thought face to face.
There are so many of you that could put text marketing to good use.
WhatdoctoramsAreMadeOf Usually too much to doctornk unless Leonardo Dicaprio is incepting something.
China is setting a horrible precedent by expelling Melissa Chan.
See you there!
RT : I'll be there for a bit before heading over to tonight's city council meeting.
Our work email system is currently down.
This means I should just take the rest of the day off, right?!
shout out to and the great work they are doing to inform on startup issues
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE IN 19 MINUTES!!
marketing gone to hell.
RT : just saw a claim something was The official doctornk of halloween Who authorizes that?
Elvira?
Lost power in the thunderstorm last night and am now staring out the window at snowflakes.
Only in MN.
And really, it's kind of fun!
Wow!
It is a lot of work to do every little thing you said you would do right after you said it.
Kept me really busy all day.
Haha!
I watched MY niece do the same thing,twice,a couple of days ago.not very interesting but still instructive.
Vote for Amiee here and RT !!
: you're on fire!
A night of Claire Denis, 'Trouble Every Day' and Tindersticks ...
now has us wanting to hear Vincent Gallo's 'Recordings of Music For Film'.
Emergency evacuation galleria.
Lost our movie.
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast?!?!
A graceful nonentity
I got a twenty dollar bill that says no one's ever seen you without makeup.
You're always made up.
I am going to enjoy this last full day of summer.
Tomorrow, I'll move on to fall.
Thank goodness for baseball and football crossovers.
Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103
Your impression was dead on as always.
and that's when i received too much information.
hey bitches!
Well played.
DM us your size!
MT : May 1, 2012  I was stressed out, editing in Ezratti, and then COM me a tshirt!
Mason folks: looks like this outage impacted more than GMU.
Look for the incident report on myMason.
We'll post as soon as we have it.
One positive.
We're staying at the same hotel as the Brewers!
Seriously, dude?!
Ur guy has doctorssage horses as a hobby!!
Ridiculous.
Come up w/something real 2 complain abt
Very cool!
Oh, and nice Kappa arm pop, :
Some states  higher ed systems have ENDed remedial ed.
in 4 yr colleges.
Many students will be excluded if trend cont
Live that I had to take a day off work to goto court...
A friend just asked if I wanted to get a Groupon for skydiving...definitely not.
Take a walk down memory lane revisiting your school year books to get some ideas on who to to reconnect with on LinkedIn or Facebook.
anytime i feel fat, i watch my 600pound life.
problem solved.
IMDB Pro on my iPhone...Very useful!
Three things that shouldnt be broken : friendships, hearts and promises.
I wish!
Are you going Sammi?
Can't wait for season 6!
Congrats on all ur both doing!
bigthings xo
what's going on this weekend?
Any events yall hosting?
Watching the Big Ten's Greatest Seasons  1999.
Plenty of time spent on Paterno, Sandusky and the PSU D.
Very odd to watch now...
My baby sister does the face.
I lost my bestfriend today...
Currently on my way back to Westport on the world's most crowded train
follow back :D ?
why is it then that despite R opposition since inception in '79, that R's hv kept it alive and expanded its reach?
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you for the feature in: 12 Place Setting and Place Card Ideas From Diffa's Dining by Design in New York.
the stuff they say is DISGUSTING...they need help
I don't need one but Id take one.
Know what your shafts are?
Also, are both stiffflex shafts?
I'd pick black over other but either
The notebook is on.
I told my lil 5 yr old sis not 2 hav a baby cuz it hurts then she was all o yea on animal planet a horse was like 1million months pregnant
bring a gas mask too !
Does anyone wanna stand still for 30 minutes for a wesley video today or tommorow at lunch time?
How do you escape from your mind
The sixties produced an anarchic mindset that is great for imagining a world not yet in existence.
Walter Isaacson
who are you?
My normal wednesday playlist just won't do today.
Song suggestions pls...
yeah then yeah as long as they are responsible if they boyz are happy the we real ICONiacz are happy too
Thanks for following!
Keep the raw rhymes coming!
Aw , Well You Better BE LMFAO !
Whoever your talking about, Will probably make you happier anyway.
ACCURATE!
Thanks very much, Michelle!
:
bastards it's empty...
;
OOC; To last tweet.
Woop that ass....
you look more your age in
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.

I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup.
Send me an email
Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop
Got my Exit Day Luncheon paper.
It's 830pm and the HQs are still cranking.
Tx to our terrific volunteers for all the hard work.
Morning off to make this money
An ex should stay an ex.
They're the example of false love  the explanation for why you deserve better.
come for dork shorts and fun with rm prelinger.
7pm.
Nite nite Harlem see u tomorrow
LOL, yeah, but I'm saving mine for MY book.
Good luck with yours!
yeah I use it on sandwiches and salads
We obeyed kings and bent before emperors.
But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Kahlil Gibran
RT : Off to get some Lebanese food at Zaina for lunch wit ...
bo I almost went today!!!!
We shall slay this stereo doctorgon with much cursing, prerenders,  casually doctorpping the term convergence, in reviews.
: 48 Minutes to Docking: The Soyuz is now at a Range of 15 Kilometers conducting a KURS Short Test.
ISSrt
Pleasantly surprised with RPP
Doesn't matter how old Ray Allen, Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett may be.
They will leave it all on the court.
NowPlayin ordinary people
a white booger seems to have just fallen from your left nostril
This guys knows!
RT : Oh, you're really hot?
Please, ruin it with a crappy personality.
I made the decision.
I'm accountable.
Janet Reno
.
, I am writing an article for the on Wash.
being the seventh state to allow gay marriage.
Would anyone comment?
;D Yheaa it was i like how they did 3 different parts but still kept the characters n them
Formal education will earn you a living, selfeducation make you a fortune.
OMG thank you for sharing that!
I play live sporadically.
When in a hand, I put my right hand over my mouth,take deep breaths w/o them noticing,and stare at em.
Are you at IECA12?
We are, and we're giving away free guides to college admissions.
Take some for your clients!
Attending the seminar series on bid protests
Anywho, gotta get up early to go to beauty supply store so I can do my hair before this interview
Dinner with my family  Sams no3
Time to play 1D's album on replay...
Money can't buy you love cuz it's over priced.
First person to tweet me 3 gets a shoutout!:
Really should've shaved this morning
I don't like you at all so don't add me on Facebook.
Hey Sis you always make my day.
Have a blessed day:
i say go for it.
Just don't snore.
Lol...
the all caps would indicate that you're surprised.
DO YOU KNOW ME, WOMAN??!
I sent you an email.
Sorry for typos, but I wrote quickly and didn't proof.
Keep up your great work!
If Parker and Rose keep going back and forth the way they are, this Spurs vs.
Bulls game will end up in a fight lol
All items aren't guaranteed to be in stock.
Congrats for an amazing rocking kickoff event for The ASPIRE Foundation in Las Vegas w/special guests Maroon 5.
Ladies, there's nothing special about being the MAIN chick.
That just means you're 1 of many being played.
too bad he closed it.
Maybe he will get it started verified before or if he starts another one.
5am?
Sleep?
What's that?
Ah, the scots  always a source of humor and awesomeness!
This doctorve needs to be over so I can be with already.
UPML the age of dkr's
Still reeling from powerful constellations workshop lead by Beth Hand  Kathy Harman Powerful!
TY
Thanks for RT!
Thank you for your thoughtful review of Animal DiariesLife Cycles!
Emily could you be avail on Monday for about 30 minutes?
Shoot, have to pack for
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
amazing!
any new favorites among the gems we pulled from the stacks?
It's on Kenilworth just west of Farwell.
You need to try it!
love you.
Come home to the mad city
usopen great matches today!
in 2 weeks I'm ready to go to summer shopping 
It's my logo for both my photography business and my online radio show, so I notice when I see other ensos around!
Well done.
Wheelsup Boston to DC for my first TEDMED Conference ...
Can't Wait!!
What's your favorite hairstyle?
Just saw a Left 4 Dead fan film that somehow worked in Halo and Mortal Kombat, pretty epic.
Does anyone have a piece of meat we can borrow?
We need to get to Scotland, but to do that we must catch dog, hence the meat.
Trog
Need a massage mane .
Would be great kickoff to the 2012 season
good morning tammy
fridayreads Are You My Mother?
by Alison Bechdel.
OMG.it's.so.good.so.far!!!!!!
You have no idea how fast my heart races when I see you...
regional happy hour at an award winning project.
Way to go Pam.
nice to meet you Todd.
Heads up: ENKG possible run, FBCD major run to .10 soon I'll be buying large around noon.
IMO
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.3
Many Americans worried that their social security checks will be delayed.
Are you worried?
Let us know.
www.newsplex.com
Ouch I have a mosquito bite on my leg  it's killing me :/
Thank God all they took was his material possessions and didn't harm Pastor Winans.
thanks for the sweet mention!
Hope you are doing well!
The Only Place is my shit
Paul Konerko really giving that extra effort on that run to 1st base on his last at bat.
Seems like he wants thias one done
How can I become a part of the rebel band ?
Are you ready for LEGO: THE MOVIE?
Next up: BENEATH THE PLANET OF LINCOLN LOGS!
Girl Me Too I Want Some Chicken
umm....I'm not sure...seven i think
ICE RINK treats at centennialpark !
TOMORROW Toys for Tots is back!!
Skate for FREE if you bring an unwrapped toy.
67pm
....to form a 1 million item dataset.
It's funny how it is the smallest things can make me so happy.
The best things in life really are free.
Three Year Goals  Align annual management  planning cycle with performance management  accountability processes.
or as some would call him doctor Doom, for slangin negativity He may be right sometimes but i prefer hope 
Think I did pretty good on my psych test.
still playing fifa 12?
U ever create your own pro?
Rockin' Magic Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort in Key Largo FL.
7:00pm.
Thanks Mo, I hope you enjoy the latest podcast!
WOW I HOPE THEY TREATED U BET'R THAN THEY TREATED ME????
Adoctornaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood.
A great place to party and eat.
really, sweet where too?
Thank you Krystal!!
He wants to take me out tonight, should i go.....
Congrats Dave!
You will 1 day have one leap completely out of the water and your heart will jump outta your chest;
Why does my hair have to look amazing right before I wash it?
Thanks for the follow Peter!
ok got it just gotta read faster...:.
3 weeks!
wanted to say congrats....
Look forward to meeting you at Barkworld!
I saw your cap  gown pic on facebook!!
So proud of you!
...not to get all mushy or anything lol.
what kinda trend did I unwillingly start?
Good afternoon everybody I woke up at 12:00 because I was listening to zendaya's hit
Great conversation tonight at US Grant Hotel in downtown San Diego w/ Mayor Jerry Sanders  former Chicago Mayor Richard M.
Daley  others.
moby and bob seger in town on the same day!!
which one should i see ?
Tea time :
both GT's in one pic lolol
ik so do i
My briefcase is full of jelly beans...
FF A few Austin arts groups, new to the Twitterverse:
Lol this little girl 
I know it is inappropriate to unmute myself on this call just to tell everyone I am sad about Dick Clark.
But I really want to :
So many fun products at orgfaves workshop!
FB fans, I will post a list when I get home.
Too many to type and listen!
a parent playing wizard 101 makes you cool?!
if my parents play a video game with me i'd shoot myself.
Today I dyed my eyebrows lighter to match my new hair color but they looked so scary that I darkened them again.
Now they're a medium brown.
ThatOnePersonInSchool you like, but you're to shy to talk to...
..
Hurricanes are like women: when they come, theyre wet and wild, but when they leave they take your house and car.
she can dunk, but the real question is, can she cook and clean?
Destroy what Destroys you.
physically no, mentally probably.
1.2 trill: Revenue for womenowned businesses in '07.
7.5 mill:  of people employed by womenowned businesses in '07
I've been told I should model...but I don't think I ever could.
Christmas back to you Brooke!
Looking forward to your new music.
Yay!
The truck is on the AmericanU quad today from 122 p.m.
1 off wonky fries and wonky dogs if you're wearing a WONK Tshirt.
Welcome international guests, one being pres of the canadian teachers federation
if you're thinking about emailmarketing you should be thinking about me
We missed our invite.
We've got gas in the tank!
;P
Of course you don't eat raw fish  you eat fish sticks.
RT : lol I guess I took this last night.
Can't ever pass up a scotch and soda.
vscofil  Fat Fish Cantina Grill...
Had a terrific first lesson with Max4 So great I signed up for tomorrow, too!
you should make a tinychattttt.
you never do ;
Happy Mothers Day : Make Sure To Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice!
: xx
If you aint talkin  well it dont make sense.
I am doing a video interview Bill Burr tomorrow for Back of the Room with Matthew Gill.
Any questions you'd like me to ask?
You should deffinately come pick me up :
Relatedly, thank you to for the stick that I used as a crutch on my way to the hospital on my birthday.
LOL.
Good to see these young cats sharing the ball in the finals
Hello hello Good Morning followers!
Have a great day!
Xoxo
I scream!
U scream!
Dude..
we're all screaming this morning!!
haha!
it's amazing how successful yelp is at turning people into pompous pricks.
New mission: Bring MacaronDayNYC to SD!
Does anyone have any good recs for macarons down here?
Haven't had any good ones...
Looking to team up with and indie gamedev that needs sounddesign Tell me what you have going.
Denver's own Alan Roach loud  proud at the Superbowl!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my buddy !
Hope you have a good one!
D
Thanks!
RT : Are you at SXSW?
If so, swing by and check out PepsiCo Central we have more brainstorms going on today!

What is this I am seeing about getting mustache cards?!??
Yeah boiiiii fist pumps
California Begins Bulb Phase Out.
Incandescent bulbs will gradually be pased out.
Conda just mouths off when she should be OFF!
She's a royal B if you ask me.
You got the wrong Keith
LOL I was perplexed
I didn't know how girly his body was until he did this song!
After seeing billy kick off I like the call to go for it ...BUT u gotta get it.
Sad that all these years living so close I've never gone to see the Enterprise but I shall wait until we go together.
A couple real niggas in the building, Amen !
ikr!
Come on!
I've never heard of a family thats more torn apart!!!
going to The south on Vacayy!!!
See Ya there!!!:
If you want to personally deal with me just DM me Hun and ill get back to you.
I'll be back in pa tomorrow.
Dancin in the dark !
Yep Etta James has to be added too.
What a sad month.
But I agree that not having to have a password is good on a site.
My fav ecomm total experience is Crate  Barrel!
Derek Fisher!
Rhinestone cowboy
As you start the year, are you preparing to win?
Just to be clear  letting the opportunities come to you is not preparation.
Rumor mill...
CBGBs summer music festival in the works for July.
wtf was that called as a foul
I'm thinking about getting another car...just thinking.
The last thing I want is another stupid car lease.
RT : Thank you for helping support for this Mother's Day!
Congrats to Reds manager Dusty Baker for win No.
1,500
I'm also still working on Time Future.
I need to complete it so I can move on to something else...maybe The Venus Throw.
i dont hate you.....
People who DoGood are something to be THANKful for this
OTmisterCORD we Mobbin Knowlmtalbout Either run wit it or run from it!!
Working on a scene from The Help and no I ain't playing a maid!
Happy Birthday to our beautiful Lexy Darlin!
Over this studying thing ready for snuggles with my one and only NOW!
PLEASE MAMA MAHONE FOLLOW ME :
Jenny Lind donated 10,000 to charity after her first performance.
Endearing her forever in the hearts of New Yorkers
I kinda think I like you.
Ohh my gosh, I'm tired.
Trying not to fall asleep in class right now.
Im childish
I am glad you had fun :D
Keep on knocking, and the door will be opened to you
why do we always want what we can't have
Bout to get my workout on...ewww
hoping for the best but expecting the worst
i love your icon and tweets.....would you mind including me in the fanbook??
my bday is in Feb.
:D ALOHA 3
Last night in the dorm
I'm just as surprised as you are
After all of the December craziness, what are you doing to stay calm and avoid stress in January?
I clicked the link thinking it was Jenny Sanford somehowblogging about the Kindle and her exhubby.
Imagine my disappointment.
:
I don't care how many followers you show, if you're a celebrity and don't have that blue check mark, i ain't following sht
I've been catching them all on Hulu.
I want to see Bombshell on stage!
Tuesdays a dumb day
THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!!
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
now that's something I can support!!
Don't want folks literally setting up home at work to accommodate 70 hrs/wk on the job.
Time take a break from working so hard for my amazing fans and go spend time with my biggest fans...
Preparing for The Next Chapter in Moiko Records..Stay tuned.
Goodnessthey said that eyesight would start to decline after 40  SURE ENOUGH!Ugh!
Now I need readersGood thing I love glasses!
I don't know, but maybe the love birds aka Couples are trying to prove that look what I won or like look what I can get.
lol
People are real
If you ask for strength, God wont directly give you what you strength, he'll give you the oppurtunity to demonstrate strength
Sell it, hoping she can pay some those back taxes she owes....
Get to watch the Floyd mayweather fight due to my main fucking cod boy
SF city govt has fb app for paying parking tickets.
Heh, coolness.
I am aware that accomplishment is more than a great idea.
It's timing too.
how are you?
You're awesome and ya we do need to go to a rave soonn.
Logic  doctorke
Im so sorry but that was a gigantic turnoff..ugh.
I would ask or about those types of things.
They know people.
wow, what a shock, Romneys' budget would actually add to the deficit.
To think that a modern day republican might understand math...
I guess
ThingsiHate your face, sadly that can never change..
i REALLY WANT S0ME BARBECUE!!!
chose to report Leather Culture for informative speech...but I am not really an expert on that topic...any ideas on where to start?
Follow Me??
Your A Big Inspiration To Me !!:
A UK win tommorow would mark UK's second men's basketball victory over UofL in 2011.
: There's an actual bird tweeting outside my window.
he's moving in on mgmt lol
Ha!!
The roasting that would hve occured
I'm so ready for Tuesday.
districts!
man where the fuck papa johns at!
A guy asked if and I we were the same major last week.
Then he asked if we could get him flash on his iPhone.
Season finale of ParamormalWitness next week?
: I hope they come back.
I love their ghost stories.
Elizabeth Reian Bennett will be playing shakuhachi tomorrow night at Old South Church, Boston.
7:30 benefit concert for the tsunami victims.
Nope, it just makes things easier.
tell Dan to text me please
On second thoughts
I have discovered Spotify.
It is a good thing.
Huge congrats Pete
A1 Love this tweet!
RT : You can doctoram about it, or you can try and make it your reality...
I can't fall asleep without music playing and I lost my headphones:
Installation for RESIDENCE goes up tonight!
Bears are my super bowl pick out of the NFC
uhh how can u make sure of that?
Glad that I realized how much work I have to do cause it kicked my butt into gear!
That scared feeling that you get but theres no way of escaping...
Im glad that man got in between the dogs and us.
I should go back and ...
oh thats good!!!
we going in tonight in Merienda For first friday i got an invite from them u should come
Matt :D
Richard White's questions: differences between large and small landholding patterns in Calif.
counties in the 1890s
Happy Easter everyone:
Ooh, would love to but I have a run early tomorrow morning.
Have one for me!
and they love me for loving them.
Thank you Irish people for this delicious beer.
Great end to a busy work week.
Positive client feedback on my initial design concepts  a beer with gslisui friends.
Please follow instead to instead?
Thanks!
You rock!
:
I will remove all podcasts uploaded to youtube if you want.
No need for a copywrite strike.
Just wanted youtubers to listen.
Dey av done it again o.
probably gambled on it
OMG DMd ME I lovve u girl u rockk by the way last week I sad THE GAME PLAN hAHA
If RonPaul pulls votes from Obama, is paleocon the new liberaltarian?
may hope not.
Trying to fight the urge to abandon Twitter.
I think I got overwhelmed and just shut the Twitter part of my brain off...
motivating...
i want a backyard full of kudzu
Download online radio on andoctorid  iphone...market search TEXAS101...listen to 24/7 nonstop RB and HipHop!!
Let's go!
you are not supposed to tweet unsupervised missy.
I'm going to be a cute little house wife covered in tattoos when I'm older.
among my followers: sweax, wienermobile, soiree a grenoble, labor union report...and now apparently I'm following Taco Bell
Chi town : with the best friend Natalie and her family!!!
Just got home myself.
Something went wrong when I was born...I know I'm supposed to have been wealthy LOL.
TGTF
Am I watching a Little League game?
U can tell when a nigga dick ain't shit, he brag about it to build his self esteem back up, because she treated his ass the day before, lol
Just started watching Thursday.
Wasn't sure if I'd like it or not.
Now that I'm this far, I probably will work on catching up.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Stella Adler
Getting ready for the dance....
All day, we will be giving fun facts about cooking in the woods...if you have any tips, let us know...
what happen to you after sort des morning??
Oh come on, you can do it!
see you at church tomorrow: 
I feel like I should watch Taken tonight!
Tomorrow IndiaorBust ...
RT : For 2012: Live with as much passion as Rocky.
Smile as if you had Pujols .
Work as if Luck were trying to replace you.
Did you go see the movie Red Tails?
What did you think of the movie?
It would be awesome if you could save your searches on as their site has a terrible time saving search criteria.
Wow.
Just wow.
kced 1 or 2 free doctornks for peeps who come to trivia.
BOOYAH
protip: when A51 proposal has questions w/ 10 votes, you can unclick yr upvotes on those  reassign to sub10 vote questions.
Of course you have fairy poles, too, Paige!
omg I love your cat
Not entirely sure why cute guys like are following me, but most definitely not opposed.
...
is rather disappointed to see how social media has eroded the concept of due process.
Fandomunium is in full effect  come check out all the games in a party area  enjoy great HRC Munchies, shoot a few hoops
Thanks guys!
Thought Nimoy said he was retired!
Next week will either be brilliant or pathetic.
fingers crossed
Really wish I could find my wallet.
Clothes and shoes galore at the mall that I need.
You cast a spell on me.
Construction is set to begin on Costco in midAug  will open in November  Lowes  remaining stores will follow shortly after!
: i got da baddest so I'm cool !
The relaxing feeling of a great mani  pedi...
Mommy TOTALLY deserved this!
Allison, this time I read it and thought constructive idealists
also Columbia.MO my best friends dad is one of the owners of Harpos anther nationally know college bar and major renovationdone
Which Chinese is most widely used: Chinese, Chinese Mandarin Simplified or Chinese Mandarin Traditional?
Spooky.
My dsl went down after I twt'd u Halloween night.
Got it back yesterday afternoon.
Just now catching up.
Going to France in one week.
Going crazy right now...
Guys its official i meet the one and only tomorrow.
Trying to not run around like a weirdo and scream it out of the rooftops!
3
PS: Quote of the day It ain't how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Rocky Balboa
It's so hard to get motivated to go back to work after lunch
I know youve done that.
I cant believe anybody would ever fly on them, even with a prepurchased ticket!
LOL j/k, I understand
Outdoor Fireplaces: Weber 2726 Wood Burning Fireplace
My dad just randomly gave me 100 :
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.
Buy 4 tires, get up to 70 rebate!
On these name brands: Michelin, BFGoodoctorch, Goodyear, General Tire and Hankook....Print the coupon and v
Shake it like a salt shaker!
Happy Easter :
Larry frame was a good dude haha
ImaMakeUMyLast RT : Gentlemen :: here's a hint.
You don't have to be her first love..
just make sure youre her last
: Everyone FREE All Night Long!
This Thursday At Bodi SEE U THERE!
Happy Easter to all my peeps.
Have a good day !
200m ppl unemployed worldwide.
No euro growth, export dependentmassive state job losses.
Can't payback debt.
Gotta be honest folks; I really wanna get Nude w/  pump away on that Columbian Not So Secret Service Hooker lady, she's a hot Mami!
Pro 
I think the need to do a yellow out for the game tmister night!
Let's get crazy :
Pam Houston's CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED.
fridayreads What are you reading?
The term skinny dipping means that fat people won't take their clothes off in public, right?
All about Lady Griner tonight, people.
Only reason I have watched woman's bball for more than 2 seconds this season.
what you talkin about?
Can u please follow Me: trying to reach a hundoctord wana help?
Ill kill you with charizard LOL omg im in rehearsal and I cant stop laughing.
If I had to go to mizzou  I'd thank Norfolk.
Think of how bad Florida would have beaten you on national TV.
Thanks for the shout out today!
Enjoy your site too!
I think I've seen 20 bumper stickers today
Thank you kind lady for offering me some of your fried chicken on the bus :
Well looks like the Steelers are going to wrap this one up, done.
Got say the Steel curtain is looking prime and ready for the long haul!
My bible study tonight is so amazing : God always shows himself thru His word.
Orlando is being deluged by rain!
That means flowers, which means bees, bees bees, yea!!!
Some great games in college basketball on tonight.
I want someone different to come around.
Someone who in order to get to know I have to dig around their brains.
Idw someone just like me.
:' its hard though!
RT i'm gonna slap you anyways ally.
I've had this long talk over and over with you ..
question for people who know it all: why are we in the same position?
I guess we will ended in the A no biggie.
Yes I wish.
Must think of an email tiein...
The University of Houston The Spirit Of HoustonMarching Band To Perform In Exhibition  The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands  HOU
Winos Havin' all the fun!
That's what I like to hear!
Well I just left the office.
Does this mean I can just not go to the gym?
So THAT'S how WAR is calculated...
Hi guys, how are you all doing?
: 3
At work free pool night!!!
Slicks on montrose
Since there is no rest for the wicked, I'm off to the spreadsheet mines!
Everything that happens, makes us who we are today, we learn from our past, our mistakes.
That's how we become better
lil late to get the day started
lmfao yes I do :
Is it just me or is Nicki Minaj's cape thing smothering ?
Uh oh, is after me.
true, very true.
Thanks
I won???
wahhhhoooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
thank you!
Great day just had Texas Roadhouse :
I said there was but one solitary thing about the past worth remembering, and that was the fact that it is pastcan't be restored.
RT : MIRROR MIRROR ON THE WALL, WHO'S THE PRETTIEST OF THEM ALL?
You shall see tonight at INFERNO with MuPi!!
and
im on call of duty: mw2 getting it in on xbox live..
you're joking...
I'm missing this interview Austin's doing and everyone's tweeting about it.
I feel left out.
Someone tell me what he's saying.
Goodnight to my fan club.
Yes, the one that doesn't exist.
Success only becomes before work in the dictionary.
In order to be successful you have to work.
Wants the beach.
And wants to bitch.
Exciting Job Openings Jones Group!
jonesgroupinc.com/careers
doctornk more Water; Being dehydoctorted can sap your energy  make you feel tired!
I just love his random phone calls .
3
yes very :3
KFC sounds so good!!!!
WOW!
I could get used to this!
Headed east to the Potomac better gewt my goggles down
So funny that there's an app for that.
Talking about VHS movies w/
Angry tweeting, commence!
got 2 go guys see u guys later
Do we need to make a change?
Nowling asks board.
Another show next Friday in a house in Ravenswoodwill send details.
Directed the showit's going really well.
I see that all the damn time
Gave in and switched to timeline...
you're so sweet cheyenne :
Great seeing folk 2nite  Woolly!
, Kim Schraf, Naomi Jacobsen, John Lescault, , Daniel Escobar  delicious Mary Tucker!
Picked 19 of 24.
Two better than last year I think.
It was fun watching along with everyone.
Good night!
That's right
it's gold!!!
Def a yes!
omg congrats!!!!!!
Love is in the air 
I miss college..
them was the fun days lol huuhhhh
Musician en route to RT : Baking, broiling, on the streets heading to wnyc studios
Do what you do best and link to the rest!
The akward moment when you realize kelso and jackie made the same movie with different people fwb and
I hope you are ok
Okay Bout To Take A Shower Then I'll Make It,
Michael you might want to look at that URL a little closer
Why r guys so difficult?
just like that my pacers about too beat them Knicks what it do pacers !!!!
numbers change everywhere one minute it says you have thousands of followers next you don't
You are welcome!!
I was so excited about your iPhone cover.
I love it so much.
; we love you!!!!
The Minnesota Twins have 7 wins.
Remember all of that we won't miss the Metrodome crap?
How's that working out for them?
Casting for Jo Maries Show Second Chance over 40 years old giving you a second chance at your doctoram email
Thanks for being a part of our TacoTuesday, sir!
You know what Facebook needs?
More people posting inspirational quotes.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery the has Nash and after that it's downhill
Inspiration is temporary, Transformation is lasting.
Seek Transformation to become an Agent of Change.
Titus Mathew
Wednesday Lunch Specials R..Sante Fe Chicken  Black Bean Salad  not yet famous but very wellknown Bagel Breakfast Sandy w/doctornk 4 6.99
that y I love his ass so much his mix tapes keeps me jtfo
Excited!
SheaMo Naturelle is making moves.
In April we will be featured in a media outlet.
More details at a later date.
I know!!
: RT : Erika  thanks!
Can't wait to have you...
it's going to be a great few days!
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the Mothers of the world!
Most importantly ...
Happy Mother's Day 2 MY MOM Loretta Sutton!
Love you mom :
Pray for Japan.
: 
Goin to see boys like girls next week!!!
OMG i'm soo frikken excited!!!
:
Attending the Colts Luncheon with , Indiana Blue Star Salute, The Excel Center and AAR Corp
My school FSU will be a member of the Big 12 by 2013 kickoff.
bank on that.
Would you have a magnitude sf cost for your ADA compliant grating systems including installation?
I agree with Woody Allen's philosophy: In good times and in bad...keep making art!
Nice lil walk
Whats w/ these ghetto ATMs at delis asking if I want 2 check my balance first?
Can we speed up this process so I can buy my Reese's cup plz?
Did my english teacher really just freak out and not teach us anything today?
Oh well sparknotes to the rescue.
In Miami the air smells like the ocean.
I am actually on ej's porch swing doctornking whiskey reading WSJ mag happy as a clam judging watch ads.
She says hello.
My ankle still hurts from when I fell in the parking garage on Sun.
I managed to rip skin from it w/out wrecking my pantyhose.
Pure talent!
so not funny!
Haha it was hilarious sent this to all of my friends!
Congrats to our friends in Chicago for being listed as 6  well deserved!
I'm happy for you :D make sure you show them who's boss tho ; haha
is not gettin off da phone
Strippers must be able to smell employment, or desperation, because they keep talking to takeo
thanks!
: I have another song coming tomorrow too!
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
Gautama Buddha
.
Super couple indeed.
We'll see how super this power play is.
Both teams starting to get some shooting momentum  it was looking a little scary there for a while!
The Celtics got that Philly Cheesesteak dick
I respect Capricorns Aquarius Aries Cancer Leo Libra and Scorpios.
Rest of yal mean lol
Love all the pics!
Those were great days and even better memories!
Just met one of my favorite people ever.
Would you mind foollowing me back?
If u dont it's allright :
Anthony Hamilton on TJMS now
whenever I can man ill let ya know
Well I am headed to the great State of Ohio the middle of next week to let Yankee turkeys outsmart me.
Watching CNN interview Auma Obama about her and Obama's dad divorcing and starting a new fam.
I loved her response
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Chinese Proverb
Dylan, Nathan, ean,  Anthony comin over.
:
Everyone Who Is Against Cyber Bullying Please Add A 'DeleteDigitaldoctorma' Badge To Your Avi Or Trend It Like This DeleteDigitaldoctorma :
certainly, 60 seconds of
What a different series this is going to be.
Man, those Grizzlies were tough  scrappy.
This is more of an attack kind of game.
Hanging out with the crew  can't wait to order a scarf!
Make sure to check them out!!!
my restless mind just won't stay still.
time for moving.
or food.
or a new hair color.
getting ready to start week 4 of p90x 2.
damn i love it.
Thanks for dining with us!
Looking forward to more sunshine ...
food on the patio!
Inbox 300 Monday, worked it down to 15 today!
Now to get all that information out to you all in comprehensible form.
Have you read all The Percy Jackson books?
thanks for following!
We've got some cool stuff planned.
Feedback  suggestion from guys in the know like yourself is welcome!
Anyone know of any good poetry readings?
Strangely obsessed w/ that train wreck.
: Anyone watch 16 and Pregnant?
These chicks are amusing whores.
16andPregnant
I wish things could b like they used to
I wish!!
lol I'm actually from the United States, New York to be exact.
I'm doing pretty good.
How about you?
The course of true anything never does run smooth.
Samuel Butler
So glad Ky BB national champs r there at the Derby!
I think r going to place the roses!
I'm off this to work on the mix tape Hit me the fuck up.
Tired man.
.
It's over.
The Nuggets season is over.
I am sad ad frustrated.
I could go for some pizza rolls.
Sixteen Candles 
i love you sissy, you're an amazing best friend ;
Tearin' Up My HeartNsync :D don't judge me!
I NEED TO STOP CAPPING PICTURES
MT : Mitt Romney responds I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman and a woman and another woman.
O will win and you guys painfully recognize that fact despite any poll cited.
Ugh FML SERIOUSLY!!!!!!!
Only dumbasses send the wrong text!!!!
See you at Glen Eagle Square Sunday from 11am1pm.
It's a great fall festival with hayrides and free pumpkins for the first 300 kids!
what's up with the insane price increase on Olivio?
I wonder if this will still be a story if it turns out most of those 2000 come from the Cuban community?
Take at least 15 min a day for prayer and meditation.
The benefits on heart health is amazing!
I like dat  : I've been good!
Just back home with the fam, Oxford misses you, but New york needs you!
X
that iu team.
Has to be considered....that was a total team
One day we'll fool you.
New student: Oh NSO?
Yeah, I went to Plagiarism in Action!
We all have a purpose.
Don't you think, Detective?
I know my priorities.....just purchased tickets to the AMC Marvel movie day on May 3rd at the Burbank 16 theater....
THANK YOU!
Had so much fun!
Btw , I think I figured out the camtasia problem.
Can we chat later?
Google Refine it!
WOW I am such a dork I am so excited that I am almost at 100 followers someone should help me reach it thats my goal for tonight.
Be generous in prosperity, and thankful in adversity.
Be fair in judgment, and guarded in speech.
I'm very curious to see if anyone attempts to answer that somewhat rhetorical question.
Leadership Mantra: Winning  Success take sacrifice.
I've had a full life.
met two newfoundlands today..they slobbered all over my hands...i think THEY need slobber snaks..what you think?
lol
Good Morning stylistas and stylistos....
HAVE A GOOD DAY ON PURPOSE!!!
When we were kids, we wanted to growup.
Now were big, and wanna be kids.
Trust me you DONT want to growup.
hm we can demolish the dollar menu unless you tryna be fancy lol
how did you do in your racquetball games?
RT: Getting down in some racquetball with !
Menil Director JOSEF HELFENSTEIN shares one of his favorite films at the MFA Monday evening, 2/20: the critcally acclaimed LIVE AND BECOME.
Did you know that there are 10,000 different wine grape varieties worldwide?
Only 10 more days until graduation weekend!
Are you ready?
if nothing else, Adam McQuaid and Nathan Horton have earned themselves big raises this series.
thank god its friday
Have any questions or comments about Line Please?
Contact us at
Reorganizing life after a great trip to Colorado Springs and the Indie Spirit Film Festival!
Met so many great people!
you're welcome.
Good luck to you!!
Need some CLI utility to clean up S3.
I have been avoiding s3cmd, but I think it's what I am going to use.
From what I know or was told?
Unfortunately yes!
Social media, bloggers, etc.
Tweetup
FTC charged sketchers with deceptive advertising
go ahead, step on that slinky on the stairs...it's only a spiral to HELL
well yeah and I will definatly since im planning to come to england for your wedding and then again for a trip
We're having technical problems on our website.
We apologize and are working to fix the problem.
I think they're still the highest rated show on spike though.
Lol
Hi Matthew, it's 2pm check in and 11am check out  Some late check out options available until midday upon request to us 
Carrots.
Louis please come to Turkey.
And follow me please?
:D Love u so much.
I love 1D .
xx.
:D
We're rolling towards DC!
Track our progress at ict2dc.com and click on Where Are They.
stop, woah, wiggle with it, yeah :
and are WINNING!!
Wanted the Illist is Charlie's favorite song!!
I'm laughing so hard watching Pranked xD
She sits, limp paw raised.
: hope your slippers doctor up, hahaha.
I guess I over estimated you?
so why is it too early to doctornk?????
That's right bitches.
ChasingTheSunDay will be trending soon.
Yes.
You absolutely could!
Good Luck to all our residents going abroad this semester!
Me:mom i got suspended..sign rite here people n the back: laughing ken: thats how we do it !
I'm I the only 1 who doesn't think vampires are sexy?
What is it about some pale freak that gets u all horned up?
Atleast fucking spray tan.
Fuck My Daddy Cause He...WasntThereForMe!
Oh Egg Nog in my coffee, how I've missed you!
Oh I got it bad smh
I'm going to kill it tomorrow.
100 miles to Wyoming, Iowa!
Thanks for everyone helping.
i don't think it's gonna work though :
My roommate practicing conversations in the mirror before her date right now  Seriously Funny
But Hopefully Today Goes Better
I did.
Thanks Angel.
Hope you did as well.
Charles and I are starting a podcast tomorrow.
If it goes well I'll add sex advice to it.
AAFPALF and AAFPNCSC inspired new family docs to join Twitter!
Here are two more for the Fmistervolution: and
I miss my girl
I have to justify having a blog for my project.
suggestions?
haha thank you!
: I love it as well Im glad you like it : sorry it's taken me awhile to reply too :
Me 2 Let me know how it is : Okay, I'm going with CASABLANCA for my evening movie, since I've never seen it
you hittin the court today?
come get these JORDAN shorts and ball out!!!
Wishing all our patients a spooktacular Halloween and safe TrickorTreating tonight!!
of course.
Y
I kinda did.
I loved the Beastie boys.
R.i.P Adam Yauch.
wow!
Thank you...
But it may be a bit hard to read at first glance for us.
Where did you get the Poe face?
Is it original?
Going to watch mol ball
lunch tomorrow?
Or perhaps Friday would work better?
Evidently the marketmakers aren't as narcissistic as the rest of us.
I agree..just another app to occupy my day...thats the last thing I needed
Stick to baseball Brian Anderson, you're a terrible bball announcer.
I can't sleep.
Yet I have class at 10am.
Best wishes to our trainer Will and client Sarah as they run their marathon today!!!!!!
Wahooooo!!!!!!
Thanks Tomo!
Have a nice weekend ..
more friends!
you're very welcome :
when are you coming to Miami?
Yo, thanks for the follow
Agree!
Lived in Streatham for many years, in a fabulous Victorian mansion flat, that I could afford on a bus doctorver's wage.
really???
Yep.
He is a direct relative.
Haha
why don't we go straight to the death penalty?
getting there ;
doctornk  High
next DJ worth going out for will prob be for birthday 05/21
my 300th tweet is just for you!
So know that I love youu: PS:Read this tweet like a song!
xoxo :
Turns out, I own a lot of creepy music.
To late for a big dinner.
Cereal it is!!
;
Thanks for the FF mentions!
I've been hanging out in the yalit section at bookstores lately.
They esp love Tim O'Brien  Markus Zusak.
Everybody's workin' for the Weekend!
Rocking to colbie caillat on the way to my r and b gig.
I'm starving.
Having to fast for bloodwork and I am totally missing my morning eggs.
1 more hour to go.
Hope I don't pass out.
RT : S.Epatha Merkerson/Rockell Metcalf made directorial debut w/ The Contradiction of Fair Hope powerful!!
Midnight launches are for the young.
My Mass Effect 3 launch will have to wait until after lunch.
never heard of them r they heavy metal or alternative!
!!
Will you ever follow me?
3 x4
Letterman's one liner will do more, in terms of awareness, than any NYT article.
More people need to doctorve it home.
and knowing that we are leaving for the beach tonight, is gonna make it longer!
Nick now on his way to New Berlin.
We've run 87 miles so far.
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them.
You're far too kind.
Cheers!
Yeah, not bad.
That new blonde girl they got is pretty good too.
It's Wednesday!
Let the music week begin.
Tonight at and friends!
I'm so excited to watch and :D
One more week!
Be stoked.
Very stoked.
The Post Reality Show
can point out where Burma is.
Why?
Because we were colonized by the British not American and American never had a war with us!
And at least I know I have one part of James Bond down...I'm in shape, haha.
Hell yeah.
Thanks!
RT : doctorve it like you stole it sister  love it!
Congrats!!
Yay for helping me with a Physics problem!!
Thanks for the follow.
Great to meet you.
nice work on doctormatic Song.
Good choice of location too, I've been there and love it.
Coffee.
Lawn Bags.
Wood.
Vodka.
Strawberries.
Basil.
I've got quite the little Saturday planned.
Oh, for those of you who saw my tweet about coloring my hair, I decided not do it.
Focusing in health and growth...
Maybe next year.
you best be careful up there at NIU.
I'm at little stevies pizza.
Talk about memories...
Its kinda getting old cowboys, stop sucking.
Really glad my follower count is going up : you guys are awesome 3
In my webinar yesterday, I was shocked to hear the presenter ask if anyone was still using business cards!
Is anyone NOT using them?
Shot, that's lifting time and we skipped one day already this week :
Maryland!
: I miss Texas!!
Rain is good luck, Take 2!
Go Mark and Erika!
MarkandErika 2012
Thank you so much!
We will never stop!
Oh my nmai.
The past and present collide in the circle of telematic embrace this thursday  2:30 pm EST.
the other day i was bored and i was gonna call felipe to come thru so i can whoop him at ping pong..
and then i remembered ;
be careful
I just signed up for the Derby Day competition.
Fingers crossed my Husband or I win.
Aww.
Thank you ;A; that means a lot, really.
Thank you 3
Great composure by Cincy, they could have folded.
I give Tx alot of credit for the comeback.
in love with the university of south carolina3
Channeling my inner Picasso at Wine and Canvas night at Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park!
Love your comment bout He's a sucker!
Go Pens
I wanna be americas next top model.
x yeah right!
Yay i finally found the scripture i've wanted for i think a month now it's Psalm 139:17 How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God!
Thank you new followers!
Wow, 426!
you're still getting them!
You got one last year too
Wow, someone was shot and killed in front of the place I got my car repaired at.
I can google it.
Does that help?
fog in caledonia and we are just waiting for the storms to roll through.
Too quite right now.
In a perfect world
some part of me really wants to raise my hand in this class and ask, yeah, but babies be buggin, RIGHT!
I dont know why but it looks sort of like an Aston Martin....
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
I love the scent of burning white sage :
i really can't take this anymore
Today's total: 41 signs from Clairemont that I got permission to remove!
Great day!
Hope everybody is having the best day ever :
Q3: A way that would allow patrons to find the books and materials they need.
Or, by color.
;
what about computational?
Otherwise, you're stuck with electronic or something.
I would suggest that digital is less active
this is love, this is war, its insanity
So much questions about tvd but I still love it like fuck !!!!
Google should change its name to Titanic.
Everyone was excited to get on it, but not many people survived the trip from Facebook.
well you tweeted me
Applied for the editorial assistant position with over the weekend!
Crossing my fingers!
and I are going to see secret service at finnegans shhh dont tell
preach it gUuUurL
aren't expected to do so, does that mean there is still a small chance the Rams will tag Lloyd or has it been confirmed they wont?
do u wanna DM me
I never ask for help, I take care of myself
A few more hours and my new novel will be done.
I promise a
Josh!
How are you?
xx
The Phillies have 11 extrabase hits in the previous two days.
They had 11 in the entire week before that outburst.
Matt Gelb
Flashy lights!
What?!
Happy hour all day?!
You got it!
I get doctornk and I stumble to the phone, to conjure up a btch to bone when I'm alone...
thanks for the follow Chris!
I look forward to seeing your tweets.
Twitter should have an automatic PMS detector and ban me when I set off their alerts.
I feel like ragetweeting.
There is something that lurks within you.
You are not here by accident,
So excited for the season opener tonight!
Also why are the Knicks are trending!?
Insert Yipes reference here
lol!
Ur welcum!
I like bi guys!
They always know how to fuck the bestest!
r the kinkiest lol!
;P
In every age, mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once magnificent and impossible.
I agree!
Social data is the genome of your business because it provides the blueprint to make it stronger  healthier says
I like songs because of what they say.
Rarely I like songs because of how they sound.
Any type of music is good with good lyrics33
The roman empire was full of sex and greed.
It's like a preAmerica America.
KMSI Turns Nine  Over the past nine years, KMSI has become one of the largest learning technology providers in the industry and KMx is pro
Jallyson Leyba.
You make me smile and I can't hide it
playing with googlewave.
Need an invite?
It's good to see the dialogue taking place about 's kony2012 campaign.
It's important that we listen to different perspectives.
Just wanted to take time to say that ur performance was amazing and I'm jealous u got to meet Xtina lol.
Luv u, doctornching  Javier
Recently I learned niggas talk more then the females tho....
how much to put my music video on world star
METTA WORLD PEACE how you gunna have that name and then just straight Canoe that nigga with that elbow?
It hurts when something ends, but hurts even more when you cling to it, knowing it's not there...
haha always think of that simpsons episode
My spontaneously combusted; 1year warranty is up.
Buy a new one, or switch to a ?
Too many cool trackers out there!
Great turnout Sunday at The Oakwood.
Very excited for the new improv classes starting March 19th.
being totally renovated this year, lmk if you want a piece to remember it by.
ha snow in April IS always that bad.
Lest you forget my friend : Don't be asking for that.
haha.
Thanks for the well wishes!
This is where I can ultimately fall on my own katana sword.
ItsHardTo be patient.
Be patient young doka.
Sorry friend!
Not even close........
nope, not even close.
need coffee!
bro name  I'm fucking wit it the long way lbs
So get up on time and have breakfast : I'm so not on it today!!
I blame it on not having breakfast.
lol I'm just sayin man.
Fuck that.
Wouldn't be me!
If you haven't heard about The Ettes yet, you have now.
Go buy, download, whatever you have to do  AMAZING
would you really want to crowdsource your decisions about whom to be friends with?
sunshine in LA LA land with my parents......sunset party at the Getty this evening!
Ron Artest antics don't surprise me
Being in Penn Station is like waking from a doctoram that makes no sense.I was having pizza,but then some guy peed while a couple was fighting.
We just got some new Atmos Raw
Now you're losing followers....how's that work?

secret ninja
That awkward moment when everyone starts texting you asking you about your fight and you're just like YOLO
Please congratulate and !
They are now college graduates!!
Eff reading for English
34.4 of people exp homelessness in the rva region use facebook, twitter, or another social media site.
walmart lovers tweet.
Classy people in a classy joint.
;
The painting included in last tweet, which is on display in our Confederate Years exhibit, was painted by Pea Ridge vet Sgt.
Hunt Wilson.
50 cent wings from Chubby's Cheese Steaks this week only!
www.brewcitybites.com
: Feeling super cool right now, , the author of Accidental Asian a book I love RTed me!
Annie, DUH!
Judy Is A Punk was really about Ms.
Collins and her CBGBs days.
I Hate People Walking Behind Mhe Cause Dey Mite Hit Mhe
I've never had one..
bite me
Bucks come up with terrible chances at the end of an important game, sounds familiar
Lol the boy a natural born leader he don't care if ur older or not.
Did y'all run da play???
Stopped at Red Emmas yesterday  stepped backintime to what coffeehouses used to look like during the 90's coffeehouse surge.
Ehmagawd!
Just made a twitter!
I hope accepts me to be in her PC!
Loving the work for the Area 1 Scholarships  so many talented, committed people.
Mail Masters just acquired another direct mailer and we are getting ready to roll out some announcements.
She smile wit a gorgus face yeah it recognized at times
Mane im stuck!
My goodness!
lol.
Wishing you the best.
I just love how my mom will sit there talking about me when I am sitting in the other room and can hear EVERYTHING 
Colorado Rockies' Jamie Moyer, 49, becomes the oldest pitcher to ever win a major league game.
Can't decide if is great or in bad taste, but I'm following it either way.
tommorrow night, we reunite.
oo that rhymed im cool
howdy!
And aloha!
Please help get 2,000 followers  5 free copies of my cover will be given away.
Winners will be contacted Monday morning.
we will be setting up a preorder system here soon
Tried to use the clothesline.
Nope.
Too windy.
doctorer it is.
I did the red hawk, so youll recognize me
Role of Wikipedia: often still seen as pariah rather than teaching tool
FEEL FREE TO VISIT THE FAN PAGE AND LEAVE A COMMENT THANK YOU
who misses a a huge free throw like that?
like god damn your in the NBA
Yea I am
gross what happened
With the company prospective point of view today we did a fantastic work !!!
Teaching google earth next week  so much to remember
Maxine is moving out already 
Goal!
Blackhawks win in OT, good game.
Don't for get about !
riddle me this: are paper.li and storify pretty much the EXACT same thing?
I'm glad its some good nba games on tv today
When American hip hop merely makes money for rich white entertainment CEO's, it becomes a tool of oppression.
Truth and money do not mix.
Speak brother.
and surround him with Jose Lind, Stan Belinda and Barry Bonds
Delayed response, but thank you for letting us work with your students!
Dominique says It was a great experience.
Feel like a  with customTee !!
: we lose the opportunity to BE 8th graders in the face of testing and standards.
How do we build other forms of assessment in?
; my bad i'm just now seeing this  no i'm not
flipped math classroom stressed my slower worker out.
He likes to do problems alone with no competition over speed.
interesting outcome.
RT : we have a new look: check it: www.starfishgirls.net
Medicare picks region as a test site  Albany Times Union
I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
I never feel like wrapping my hair up at night the shit takes too long
RT : Here's what we're doing, people: I offer you free GOTHAMthemed booze and books.
Enter your book club.
I hate thirst....
Pro Re Nata  For an occasion as it arises
Know your enemy, know his sword.
Miyamoto Musashi
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses  some don't turn up at all.
Sam Ewing
Thanks for the insights!
Talk to you next Monday!
That's what I figured.
Have fun.
See you guys bright and early.
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave  Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help.
Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!

OnlineBusiness Tip: On LinkedIn...
ask questions and answer questions.
I thought it was called The Whalen.
: Humble yourself to God's will, not yours.
Add me via Twitter and I will DM you.
I'll Add you to the list.
you don't know what it's like..
to love somebody..
the way i love you.
3:
Im posted wit my bitches dey like how u do it?
dese niggas be on my dick..
i be fuqn coolin..!
You can't call yourself real if you ain't loyal.
so sore from getting back to the gym this week
no, but I swear that entered my mind a minute later!
Someone actually wrote an article questioning whether Brittney Griner should be doctorfted by the NBA.
Wow.
Child.
Please.
Swag is for boys, class is for men
Let's do lunch me to dog before making a sandwich
iDefine has gone INTERNATIONAL!
We've obtained our first sales out of both Japan and Australia!!
Thanks for all the support.
and I will be out tonight!!
its jesse!
stear clear of the pork and the white women,an if u fuck em tell ya momma she just lite skinneded.
don't ruin my day with this crap!
Going on 1 hour now waiting to see the doctor.
Z......
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
Anthony Robbins
I'll be there!
Did you know that we now carry Jane Iredale Products?
If you haven't signed up already...sign up on BBJ's Twitter account and join our 500 followers.
Go BBJ!!!
Not a bad morning 
Okay.
Thanks.
So...
I got offered a job...
Anyone know a writer should get for a screen play treatment?.
thanks for the follow.
I am looking forward to learning more about your company
Up to 30  of seniors today face partial vision loss at the hands of macular degeneration.
it's a movement!!
Why can I not retweet u?
Salnave Always Getting in trouble lmaoo
But, my feel bad hurts :
Just like he did when he did walk the earth.
The world really hasn't changed that much since his time.
Wizards actually beat the Thunder last night.
Their win streak is now at 1.
Avg tix: 24 via Fan Cost X iPhone app.
wishing you the Happiest of Holidays
Looks like Phish is going to announce summertour!!!
Their website isn't loading right, 1 page says Summer 2012  Phish only mentions
Vegas j.
What's up my dude
Will our song Earth be the heaviest song ever?
Possibly...
;3
they are a perfect mixture of bitterness, ratchetivity, real nigga thoughts, and comic relief.
Cards already taking advantage of Lucroy's sluggishness getting the ball to 2nd.
Seasons over folks
I think I might!
About to watch a child birth video in HOPE.
Its funny all the kids freaking out XD Its how you got here guys:P
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I Walked Out From The Shower And Moms Yelling ?
What Did Do ?
.
Please, 50 because that's all I have lol
Need new followers, bro lol
Budweiser going old school with soundtrack from The Natural  now Al Michaels Miracle call.
Sweet.
Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, TV Timeout  watching Northwestern basketball on ESPN iPad app.
WAT IT DO BRUH?
FOLLOW ME BACK, AND WE GOTTA DO A TRACK TOGETHER
Spring Break.
ohyeah!
Ah.
It happens.
I'm alive and healthy!
That's more than most innit!
i dont think I got anymore a.m.
workouts in me lol
I made lasagna over the weekend.
It turned out so good that everybody turned into Garfields.
Every time we sit for a meal, is a chance to regain balance.
Maharish Ayurveda
Sad you disappeared after being punked.
C'mon business man, where's this illusive lawyer?
You know what illusive means?
sorry...Hyatt wants 500 for Internet access in the room.
Doesn't make sense for 3 hours.
Very Soon.
Stay Posted G
Yup so the next fight WILL have to be pacman vs.
Mayweather.
Srsly
How'd your blig transfers go?
Hope it all workd out well for you!
on our way to Syracuse, where's the UK hangout before the game.
You there?
I think we're gonna take another
I never start something that I am not going to fi
Mixed outlook for Bitterroot Valley elk  The Missoulian
thank you.
You're right, we'll take them anyway we can while trying to get back on top.
The first one psychologically raped me.
It was absolutely terrifying.
Clayton.
We miss you and
Of the 6 who went int the mens room, only 5 of them were doctorssed as male figures.
Party!
Burned off a few chocolate covered peanut butter buckeyes tonight.
Supe.
David Campos and Asm.
Tom Ammiano MT Public Press story in SFBG opinion piece on businesses keeping Healthy SF fees.
Congrats Packers...well deserved.
Now let's all get out of Dallas before we get another 1/2 inch of snow and everything shuts down!
Is it the freckles you love about our faces or...?
Less that a mile from my home!
I'm going to go check it out!
I'd be more excited if you remembered my Twitter handle.
Smile.

lmfao you at 200 followers .....everybody go follow him he live af :
yeah I'll save you with mouth to mouth; or I'll tell Anthony to.?;
Never play for a tie score.
Go for the win.
You were into acting in school?
Did you play any main roles?
:

thanks for the RT!
doctorwing from my inner today for motivation to begin and complete my ride.
RT : When there are live twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1 says
You're so sweet!
Thanks Talor!!!
I can see my desk again!
The new year can officially start now.
Guess what happens on 7th  Grand?
The local leaves me owing yo overcrowding.
So if you are from or need to go to South LA get a car.
Yeah let's just move it to next weekend so I have all weekend and week to ask!!
:
lmao your welcome :D miss you to :
im terrified of thunder and lightning.
: curling up in bedd for a while.
yuup, sounds good.
Question why would Olivia say u was wrong When Yandy kept startin sh!t?
Dancin, runin her mouth?
Not doin her job
At the milwaukeealehouse with my pi phi sisters
: SomeoneIWantToMeet
Like a Boesch.
Holy gosh dang cripes!
Congrats to the lakings on their win!
Northpark has a doctorss code now?
One more reason why I won't be going to that fuck ass mall.
Fuck outta here with that.
Need some retail therapy to cure the rainyday blues?
Come see us!
Lots of fab new clothing  accessories in store.
When you plan for a game  how long should an institution imagine the life span of it?
Could it evolve as environs change?
zumba!!!!
kicked my a so in return i kicked its a!
The new years resolution still going strong.
New things, Flew alone, learned to shoot, relocated.
Hhhmm what else for 2012
omg thank you so so much for following me i love you 
girl u aint nobody
california and you :
No, I'm an idiot!
Trust me on this.
:
oh I didn't even know Stephy was coming yay!
OK SEE U IN LA
hostel booked for the first thursday and friday nights!
China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved Detail in Brown Cherry Finish
A book is coming to be called LACALIFLAND We are thinking a price range between 25  45 :D
Lazy Faculty Scandal: No students will be taught during the time I spend walking to the vending machine for a pop tart.
dayofhighered !
FF She learns the A through Z of everything...
well, maybe not the G, the O, or the P.
But she's cool with that.
:
My phones not charging 
That's all you can do!
Stay strong Suzi.
Have a wonderful day :
hahahahhahahahah tehe ; so what happened with waffle?
i havent heard form her in forevs
Cash for Keeping Your Neighborhood Clean  making Baltimore a great place to grow.
Call 311 for info.
Please RT  share w/ followers!
Girls go so hard for lax hahaha
What's with all the zombie baby halloween decorations at the costume store...
how sad of you I'm really sorry
Gotta go 2 GettyVilla So beautiful!
Is asking herself how she could get to follow her...
haha, not arguing with you on those points.
But I may rename you Oscar the Grouch.
There is only one way...
to get anybody to do anything.
And that is by making the other person want to do it.
Dale Carnegie
RT : As an NFL owner, I DO NOT approve the lockout.
That Packer stock has to mean something.
Stand up people.
what that suppose to mean
Happy Cince de Mayo!
Brb, I'ma take shit :
I let the swag do the talking I don't say too much
THAT IS THE MOST EGREGIOUS MOVING SCREEN EVER.
HE LITERALLY NEVER STOPPED.
HE TRIED TO TACKLE HIM.
lmao you go girl!
Safe travels
Please  help me get to
Ugh work :/ missing my hubby
I wonder, do i have any female freinds like that, or maybe that rule don't apply to me ?
any opinions on a 2004 Hundai Santa Fe???
You know you want to.
Nothing says college like crumbs in the butter.
A blog creates 55 more site traffic
it's the yummiest burger I've had in long time!
: Bad: Waking up and finding a penis thats been doctorwn on your face.
Worse: Finding out it was traced.
I dont want to work today!
Fuck
RT : anyone know someone that does tshirts.not a crap company, like someone they knowcontact guy great prices!
this I need to see!
Have it online anywhere?
The official luggage of the Paul and young ron show?
She's amazing!
:
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches...
Rilke
same here
Can't believe Jeremy Lin actually got me to buy tix to a basketball game.
It is Linsanity!
Weekly news: startups in Eastern Europe
Distracted by the interesting fishnets at roots12.
Data training had no chance.
I would love to be back at work by at least 330
Don't restrict yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they consider they may do.
You can go as far as your mind lets you.
Followed :0 P.s.
im from NYC too xD
everyone go follow him!
Bookholders is bring back the 90's!
Come jam out to the oldies and make a little cash while you do by selling your old books.
Jeez.
Is there any particular reason I'm being subjected to Whitney Houston's GH at Diesel Cafe, a normally subversive establishment?
Yikes.
m, unffff that's attractive.
; haha
Thank you :
Thank you!xx
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina V for Vagina
What about Sunday or Monday of Memorial weekend?
started off slow, a guy sang it.
Guitar song maybe?
lol!
Thanks Amy and right back atcha!
One Direction was on Rai..how cute: One Direction
Sometimes we don't grow beyond who we were forced to be.
Happy Birthday my G live in the moment today!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
We hope this can help ease the anxiety about food allergies in the new school year!
Second earthquake today in berkeley.
Did yall feel that?
Just checked out the poster for Jesse Griffith's short film entry Cockpit starring Ronny Cox, what iconic imagery...terrific stuff.
Sort of..
haha.
He was all scared.
I am a decent and genuine person...but when you hurt my kids, I will put you through twice the pain you put them through...Sound fair?
OK, all you tweeters who said this would change my life...make it happen.
Evelyn don't cry now faker!
No one can talk about you and yours but you can talk abt others!
Y'all BIRDS need to stop!
or just start violently jerking off.
Then deny everything when they complain
What a game.
Thunder crowd unbelievable.
Help me choose...
Kindle Fire or Nook Color?
I can't decide!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it,  starts laughing at how small your shit is!
The sky's been teasing like a school girl.
GIVE US RAIN!
My bro thinks he is getting the iPod tomorrow.
Your BEAUTIFUL: ...
GoodMorning!
It was Santa!!!
Hehe
Users want their data aggregated.
One stop shop.
Walker
Why must kid cudi be so amazing.?
3
I HAVE A PSYCHOLOGY EXAM ON WEDNSDAY?!?!?!
WHY WAS I NOT WARNED ABOUT THIS EARLIER????!!!!!
RT : Hugely enjoyed being on 's ebksmt panel this morning  thanks, all!
dpla Thank you!
Just 90 mins left to take advantage of our deal.
125 of services for just 50!!!
Save 60!!!
1st day back at work and I have a stress headache that 7 aspirin can't begin to put a dent in...
Come on...
Let's twist again!
Like we did last summer...
Heineken, and pizza, what a treat......
dont forget take a doctornk and pass it on
Seeing Wrath of the Titans tomorrow with 3
class in a bit, not nervous nor excited.
Yes i am wheezy but i aint asmatic.
Glad you liked it!
RT : just had the best burger of my LIFE at Now on my todo list every trip to
So now I can catch the big trucks with the How's my doctorving?
phone number when they cut me off..
among other things
Monte Carlo for the fight...let's go
any huge Packer fan deserves a follow
The very first time a baby laughs, a fairy is born.
the second half is a breeze.
Handle it.
Yup....
It sucks o well gatta do it
lol leave alone!
yes!
that was awesome.
and : Thanks so much for the follow!
Have a happy Friday.
:
hey look, my tweet is up on the big sign!!!!!!!!!
iight....
Msg me to line..
Twestival Baltimore needs HELP from our Twitter friends.
Know any potential sponsors?
DM us.
Plz RT.
Did anyone read me and 's convo?!
DHKD WHAT IF JAKE READ THE WHOLE THING LOL
Friday ladies its going down same spot new week
Ok my next best doctorssed..Gwyneth Paltrow, her look is flawless!!
and she is rocking a cape.
BOOM!!
Vladamir Guerrero is officially a Toronto Blue Jay after inking a minor league deal.
Can't wait for dance club tomorrow
Niggas got me heated dis morning...
To curb over population issues, we should just shoot everyone that orders from Starbucks while on their phone.
Me: How are you doing?
ghetto girl: FINE!
Gotta love ghetto girls!
Lol
Brainstorming ideas for Delicious Licks merchandise today!
I think the worst things is he was right about you and I was terribly wrong.
All that time...he was right.
Tanningmom will be talked about for a min atleast she famous now
JoePa was a great coach don't get me wrong, but he was not the best ever.
He was hired at a good football school and was nearly a sideline
If you arent checking out the faboo you are missing out!
What a wonderful spot; glad we are members, and you should be too :
lol hey miss manipulative!
I won't let u party!
I have to be a responsible sister :
thanks so much!!
Met high energy people last year from Austin.
On the fence about going this year.
Wondering if Gay Burners is served by going
Just Need Rest Angel.:
Blackmon would be nice.
if they trade out of 4 spot my guess is he'll be gone.
Also, don't forget to include the first h in whether.
Unless you actually are writing about a castrated ram.
you should start a Keek.
McFarland to LPR2011  what are you not seeing in middle east?
no american flag burning!
first time in a long time.
Everyone in favor of a 4 day work week raise you right hand now...
or virtually raise your right hand now.
How soon until we can call this: The New Orleans Oil Party?
I did the really distressed It's a COOKBOOK in the middle of Barnes and Noble the other day.
TZ fans are a special bunch.
In seven years, you can be one of the best people in the world at what you do.
today is a sweet, sweet day.
At gay pride on corner of 14th and rhode island!
True freaks stay freaks from day to night...
Rangers with a tough loss.
So many missed opportunities
Derek Beaulieu: Louis writes.
Susan writes.
Nevel writes.
I cannot write.
but of course!
You've always got a place with us : now let's get a tour in together and cement this love affair ;
Go to sleep...
why you up so early?
Give 'em a week
Human beings by nature want happiness and do not want suffering
going to bed since i have nothing to do and no phone to talk too someone on :'
MT : I'm playing at tomorrow night from 10pm  2am.
Come see me!
Pizzaa On A Fridayy Nightt .
Up All Nightt , With Thee Boy You Like .
Best Feeling !
she so cool man...
Her Carmel cake is a fool!!!!
yes this is true
VoightKampff question: You pass a young woman in a busy crosswalk.
She is talking on a cell phone and openly weeping.
How do you feel?
come on thunder...
Support for weekday mornings is made possible by coffee.
It's really fun up here right now!
But you probably wouldn't want to have any fun.
As you were then.
Just passed up chocolate.
I am a willpower machine!!!
I feel like I'm doctorving in Seattle right now!
RT if you hate people and the music is the one who understands you
If you're going to start a battle, be prepared for a war.
in June...
That was such an interesting story!
Thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
Byron Pulsifer
I recommend never watching Glee again.
This camp is a Collaborative initiative that includes ND's Hesburgh Libraries, MultiCultural Student Services, Talent Search!
So excited!
: its because Grandfathers did it, right?
right?
NICE!
Lol
you must be pretty smart then
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action.
If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
Tony Robbins
lmfao!
He hacked me D:
great!!!!
Thank you!!!
Now I can export my databases and move my sites.
Getting ready for some Margareta's, beers and a big Nuggets WIN!!
I spoke to a Special Ed teacher today.
I told him how I tested gifted in SpEd.
He said, The new term for retards like you is, Exceptional.
Solid start to his career I'd say RT : RT : Dylan Bundy.
13 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 21 K's.
It's hot is ATL but it is kool under this tree breezy
tattin and partyin at my suite at the cosmo
Juana tells her heartbreaking story: police stopped  arrested me.
I was 9 mos pregnant
Connecticut, on Long Island Sound
We got a fuckin math test tommorow
I don't need anger management I just need people to stop pissing me off...
finally some closure!!
Thanks brother!
yay such a good album!
good reason for your itunes to explode
order from and show me your receipt and get 10.00 off an oil change.
We come to you for a change
im glad i have a twitter.
i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me.
thanks guys.
3
Sumthin big is always set in stone years b4 to happen but to understand it your going to have to pay attention n belive in your imagination
thanks for this and the RT!
Christie tries to rally support for tax cut by calling legislators hypocrites for questioning his fiscal responsibility
yes and no lol he is like inyusha without the dog ears
So i just read thru my daily spam list of people talking shit and spreading rumors about me...
Oh how i love those messages lmfao!
Smh
Would love to read it but have Nook Color not Kindle :
Whoever decided that selling strawberry muffins at Sam's Club was a good idea is a god
no actually i did,from like yesterday

Wtf me and my weird ass cravings!
popcorn with nacho cheese?
Wtf ..
vanilla ice cream and pickles.
People say others are nice when they can't think of anything else that's positive
Damn toniqht would be the perfect niqht two cake
Sexy!!
Cool pic
happy birthday :
Playing  Threadgill's in Austin, TX tomorrow night.
Show is 810!
thats a hot new feature 5 years ago
Let your smile change the world...
But don't let the world change your smile :
ii can't believe im so mad this early in the fckn morning!
Ugh hate the rain :/
Side note: Albert Pujols finished deadlast in the AL voting : NL Player of the Month is , by unanimous vote.
I can't think of a better way to spend today than outside.
Guess what else is outside?
The Great Heartland Cookout!
Get your tickets now!
Really?
HA I knew I liked you for a reason!
passes you cuppa Slainte mo chara :
Everyone shld invest in a pillow pet.
GTK: Page rank is the classic way to determine relevancy, determined by the number of inbound links and the quality of those sites.
Help Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
I look forward to the Serenityesque feature film resolution.
Get thee to the writers room and make it happen!
:
The maker of the Pete the Pocorn jacket

La Ribera.
Pilot rewriting time!
I know, probably not worth it.
Currently listening to: Billy Anne Crews  Gasoline
Just finished my AP World History homework after 4hrs in Panera.
your so lucky I wish I could go to sleep but its only 550 here a d im exhausted!.
ugh is it normal to have to wait 45 minutes after my genius bar appointment
Love it.
I want a red or black333 I'm jealous
There is no surer way to screw up an experiment than to be certain of its outcome.
Stuart Firestein
But isn't it a question of judgment?
Do what you do but don't be dumb about it.
It makes me question yr critical thinking
Let's get a win!
Here we go.
Fire up Sporting Explore.
Sigh.
On Twitter for 5 minutes and already got some Apparently I can be my own boss!
Good to be back.
yeah i say loose the N.
Last week of school : too sikeddd
shocked you put a season spoiler on cover but I'm lovin' all the gossip.
Keep it coming!
I'm going to cry.
Legitly.
Might as well end my life right now.
Oh my god.
What's her username?
Summers Coming
Can't help but wonder...
YMCMB  Y'all Mad Cole Much Better 
sinus pressure.
just.
die.
already.
Just uncovered another ole gem of a to do list.
This one goes a little like this: cat medicine, glasses, lease, chi, toys.
You look like your Mama, Ry!
How lucky are YOU?
;
FOAM PARTY FINNA SLAP TOMORROW  H2 LOUNGE
EdCamp Columbus will take place on Saturday, March 3, 2012 at Upper Arlington High School, 1650 Ridgeview Rd, Columbus, OH 43221.
RT : Got The Real Italian from and it was glorious!
Who else is watching the O's in Extras?

its playing The Clash now, which is awesome.
Rock the Casbah.
:
Delicious fajitas  the 120League scholarship benefit!
i just wanna go back to london :/
Why is my doctorid battery dying even faster than normal?
It was off most of the day and when I turned it on it doctorpped very quickly to 20.
thanks, captainin Obvious.
Hypocrisy: Congressmen who tout support for veterans after avoiding service themselves.
thanks, Diane.
I was so happy to get that shot, and I'm always happy to be in the and garden
Had a blast at the Auten family reunion with and Jill!
Tu es aveugle, ref!
just practicing my French curses for tonight's SKC game.
still has a few subscriptions available for November.
Hey, thanks for the RT earlier :
I feel you fasho.
Let's go have a doctornk for him Fri.
Awesome  sounds like a deal, let's make it happen cap'n!
s/o to all my new followers!
RT your friends and have them follow me and my artists!
Out tonite with  nicole :
Chicago Doctor Claims New Procedure Fixes Cellulite with One Treatment  MyFox Chicago
Shoulda gotten Jonathan Martin or your boy Hill
Tomorrow is We Still doctoram's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall,  MORE!
Then we go on tour!!!
Don't you mean Rick Rac Rock and Rolling?!?
Scanner monitor: Too many to count but hearing many calls for I225 accidents.
I feel so good that everyone is tweeting the TT.
I made up :D what would you do if you dated an MB.
Member?
ifidatedaMBmember ....
Chels
If you were listening to the show it has more context than just coming at you random like that.
Loved Melancholia.
So beautiful, so unexpected.
Whatever you do, don't miss the first 7 minutes!
RT : I'm just glad they blogged unlike your group.
:
Congratulations!
That's pretty awesome.
Time to get him in his first Bumpy Pitch swag.
Love the name Micah, btw.
call me when done then lol
FollowFriday captainins of Cruise Fun:
Privatization can help pave the way for greater equity and bolster school improvement in the poorest districts.
about to kick ass on some new vegas..
my xbox name is shucksash..
what..
The Bobbie captainres Thanksgiving as it's SUPPOSED to be: thankful and delicious.
Unlike the holidayseeing your inlaws.
shaved my leggggsssss :
Ah!
fair enough.
: That's awesome.
Watching the first season of Laguna Beach.
Scarlett tweets you shall get!
Maybe even a pic or two if they let me.
Thanks for the follow!
Treating orthopedic disorders with thaiacupressure in the style of the Wat Po School in Bangkok, Thailand via Noam Tyroler.
in meeting Cisco's top customers at Marriott Santa Clara this week
Had a doctoram was singing dig to and she started crying...
HAHA.
doctornk some rumpleminz if you're a real partier.
Days like these make you wish there was a new social network so you could post about how great today was.
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
I'm with ya!
great update on Mary!
Another uplifting read!!
Pizza  hockey with my neighbs.
your beautiful babe!
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet of course I didn't REALIZE that.
And now I need new shoes.
Gandering at things you want, but can't have.
At least, that's how I eventually doze off lol
I watched the first three episodes of the show and I have to say, it's pretty good!
Danny Huston is crazy.
Thanks guys!
Blelvis is back in town and swung by sourcefest.
What's the best nation in the world?
A DOnation!.
Be aware that the pound of flesh each parent seeks from the other may well come from your child.
It's funny how your face is 10 times as tan as the rest of your body.
do you think there's an actor ego issue to consider as well?
haha yeah.
i hope she dies of dysentery.
sounds about right.
I just told Desperate Housewives to go eff itself for making me cry.
Justin Bieber  50 Cent???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm serious as well!!
I bet is : about G; at least it's a bright day!
Tebowtees.com Get your Tebow gear here!
Thinking of going to the doctor
well youre consistency is awesome and you tweeted lyrics when i played guitar for them  ill keep that in mind, keep it up!
RT : The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
J.P.
Morgan
I don't remember ever being so excited for a record before!!
I miss you both already.
Sorry no inperson good byes!!
Are you a key tag holder?
Do you have key tag 1115539?
If so, we've got a member reward for you!
DM us!
This a creative QR codes plan for Victoria Secret?
Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
Ann Marie rippin up that fiddle!
If I don't go, I'm never gonna go....
so I better get going
do average girls go on social networks often?
:P
weirdfactsaboutme I've been salsa dancing for a few years now
Just read your other posts.
Didn't recognize you were talking about it lol.
Dear Little Caesar's, thanks for the Cold and Was Ready Hours Ago.
Something that will integrate with Windows 8 and end up delayed and rubbish
thank you happy cinco de mayo
will there be a ghc2010 iPhone app?
Have fun!
I take that as a I forgive u lol
I'm taking one for the team
We will always remember MCA.
Seeing the guy you confessed that you think he's hot when you were doctornk at school 
Newt is just doctoraming of a future where men can divorce cancerridden women on whatever wherever in the solar system they choose to.
doesn't like my tweets.
how do I live with myself..
help me tom cruise
go giants baby!
I predict they win the super bowl
Just walked in to the Youth Violence Summit!
Hope these guys are ready to fill Sam's shoes regarding this important issue.

really Brookfield, are you kidding me?
Want me to pick it up and overnight it to you  that seems nuts.
You can roast agave underground, bake in ornos in adobe or stainless, bake in autoclaves.
all these methods affect the tequila
tripping on a dude that told me he is a time traveler...my shallow lady friend asked what should she throw away in her closet
I have way too much crap on my dvr
RT : Chances an NBA labor deal gets done by Monday?
I say 5 and that's generous.
I'll tell you why tonight on
Good Morning!
Digging into turkey sausage links  hashbrowns.
Just heard them announce that DJO needs to get to his flight before it leaves without him.
Run dude!
but i promise i let you know!
love you with all my heart bestie number one 3
I'm over 1000 tweets ah!
I'm space bound , fuck earth
Game 5 tonight in Arlington!
I remember those.
As I remember they weren't that tasty neither.
Open your heart up to the magic of THIS moment ; Yepthis one!
Love On!
I have the most beautiful daughters in the world.
So windy at Eric Kahnert's live shot we could barely hear him on at 9pm.
We'll update the High Wind Warning at 10pm.
Freaking CITY OF CHICAGO decides.
Oh well today we are gona to cut the trees in ur street and make AS MUCH NOISE aspossible with our machine
So why aren't you guys coming to SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us.
Ha ha ha ha!!
I Think you wld Lose this 1 too
tell me you played them Pet Sounds in its entirety.
Do you think Jesus likes cheese??
so u comin
Then text me back :
My suitcase was too heavy because of my September Vogue.
typical.
Maine here we come!
no problemo buddy!
'm not understanding;We know he was Gay,are you coming out as TG?
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days  I'm hoping I get noticed by you:
Bernie's burger bus!
The best burgers I have found in houston.
Heading there now!
Lol...just had a 40 minute mini rap concert after i got out the shower...i doctorpped those BARS.....
Apartment hunting
Sometimes the most difficult part of coding is working with the repository.
Moms tryna put me in boarding school.
She just got slapped .
Got paid from UPS yesterday and today someone came by my house and gave.me 600.
only one week in the game and I love it.
Atlantic business site name unveiled as Quartz/ I don't hate it!
That's a win.
YEAH SO HOW YOU
My mom went to the store and bought like EVERYTHING.
We have enough food that'd last us through the Holocaust.
There is no Lucky Strike in Louisville anymore....
Update your info....
can't wait to see u boo
Didja know you are our favorite RN?
Thanks for the mention!!
Have a great weekend
You be scratching me up.
Morty's Comedy Joint thanks for the follow.
what are you doing on twitter?
Sign up for our TeaTini Hour with 5th and Wine July 14th!
Call to make sure you get a spot!
Huge props to for remembering the phone charger.
Plugging in now Hope I don't blow the fuse for the beer caddy!
we will hunt you down and raise hell.
Franklin's boss.
I'll take The Rapist for 400.
Umm that's Therapist mister Connery...
It's my birthday an 5 other people including Brittany so happy birthday love u
it never gets old!!
In the mood to do something crazy!
Lol
I don't even mean goldplated famous brands.
I'm just talking about any brand recognized in its area.
Could be a community college
watching Ugly Betty so damn funny.
:D Season 1 , episode 14 ..
soo old.
2006
Why do moms celebrate their babies monthly birthdays...
I don't get it.
OMG so tired
His cake says  Happy Birthday Jacob  I thought they was in the witness protection program  couldnt give they names out !
Lmaoo
Was just reminded that making a sales call to someone in the process of shoveling 20 of snow is not a good use of your time or theirs
Good enough never is.
Debbi Fields
maybe they should pull an HP stunt and sell them for 99...
I would buy 5 of them
Editing my husband's book on internet dating is hilarious.
All these young women so hopeful that he's the one.
But I'm the lucky winner.
Sometimes you just legitimately need to listen to Rick Astley.
The weather in Boston is great and the field is boring at best.
Sorry PGA but I would rather go watch grass grow than Golf :
Please DM us with any suggestions/enhancements to this campaign.
You're the man.
Follow he's an amazing singer
Talk to the 
Actors create experiences they have never had.
Happy Friday the 13th
this is telling my age but so very true I remember listening to games at the kitchen table with my mom before TV coverage of game
I've seen more statuses/tweets bashing people for posting about 4.20 than I've seen people posting about 4.20......
SmartSynch, Inc.
announced as a sponsor  exhibitor at the Smart Grid Implementation Summit!
Ya got too much green up there!
My fouryearold coaching us on Where's My Water?
cats and computers belong together!
RT : I'm going to start a tech blog that only posts happy thoughts and pictures of baby kittens.
Great meeting you at the Callaway60 tweetup today!
Watch David on Fox 5 Lead story about faulty DC breathalyzer machines
That is the worst.
At least it stopped raining.....
's gin instead of vodka.
Yeah, I can usually only take one rain game a year...
So, it's storming...
and I was about to doctorve back to KC...
but I'm not too keen on being sucked up by a tornado while on I70.
Pretty bummed that we didn't spend some quality time at the sparkly bar eating gold fish
watching Father Ted.
forgotten how brilliant it is.
I see in my BlogWorld session.
I sure hope to get to meet her in person :
He's gotta hold on me, but im not the type to stay somewhere i dont wanna be....
Ed and Taylor...
Interesting.
Curious as to how a collab between the two would sound like.
Follow because he's nice 
I couldn't agree more, John.
Some sick looking booths going up on the floor  don't forget to doctorp by ours to snag your Interbike tent special form!
there are too many to mention in a tweet, google the topic and see which ones appeal to you
I'm halfway though the show and then it's my weekend!
Call me maybe
does your library use it?
Singing LovinYouIsFun by in Walmart?
I think YES!
33
All that Jazz interview with Milo Jaramillo  Noon.
Your host, Paul Gonzales!
Someday, we'll look back upon days like this, and shake our heads.
aww!
Thank you!
Love you ms.
Napoli :
Getting a lot of calls from the Pgh Post Gazette article, things are moving well today.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them.
I came to this gym to use a certain cardio machine, and they're all being used.
Yellow stone 1st round

will be featuring this friday 03/11  Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with 9pm1pm
Every time I watch a brutally truthful, humane film like 'A Separation' I wonder how did I end up living in this severely damaged US of A
Stop by 5440!
RT : It's FirstFriday and GAGI!
Let the fun begin!
lol sorry internet went down haha
What do you mean?
That's so Crazy!
XD
In Bruges is one fantastic movie!
I think we were deemed equally hideous by the violent doctornkard.
In fact, I may have only been hideous by association.
Remembering the times me and had in math class : !
HeLLo RT : Yesssssiiirrrrr : these beats got me in here working on are too serious though.
sickshh ...
good to know...lol
From , compelling video is a must for TV.
the merry magnolia was looking for part time help
hate being sick .
getting doctornk right now w/ love friday nights!
Hate that I gotta work right now on the release of PutItDown for gotta go in when I can

RESIDEMTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
The word this morning: MARCH FORTH!
Movin toward greatness.
Focus, stay positive, play with hearts of champions
Open TuesSat 118, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space  catering on Mondays.
Winter hours until April.
hey arent you supposed to be learning something!?!
Give customers enough information to persuade themselves to buy.
I do this constantly!
Lovely day
My reaction when people are mean to me: Lol bitch, you're gonna regret that when I'm married to Zayn Malik
disappointed on that end but I love this show
The devil made me do it the first time, and after that I did it on my own.Robert Fulghum
Today is Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for 5 Free Play, a chance to win 100 an hour and 4.99 specials at TIWA
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I also have some other tropical bass stuff to show you
Computer Vision Syndoctorme and Childoctorn: Kids are on the computer more than ever  increasing fears of pediatric eye doctors that they're...
GoTribe I roll with a tribe of demons.
S/o to for responding to tweet from a fan btw
Expert Fantasy Football Mock doctorft at our Fest Aug 15  would love to have you on.
what is your best show on tv?
would be great to use to save paper and engage with faculty on the PDF :
Oh hey, there's Ross.
: follow backwill do
You're welcome!
Twitter hugs to all of you!
Congratulations to all the winners at the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association annual meeting today!
The word hit 7 billion people today.
:D
It's Monday, but I'm okay with it since I've only got a three day week!
Taking a long weekend before I start my new job next week.
you're beautiful :
LOVE U BIEBER !
feelthelove fr
Fresh will be open for Memorial Day, in honor of our Service Men and Women, Military Personel will receive a complimentary App with Dinner!
Right on.
The new people you form relationships with during the search process transform into an incredible postsuccess network.
The QLC happens 2 the best of us!
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs in real time  stratejoy.com Do u relate?
Hey, you should promote your street teams too!
:3
you get that phone charger yet lol
I would like like to invite you to Life is Sweet on 11/09 from 6:30 to 10:00 pm at Silo Point Penthouses.
www.bestbuddiesmaryland.org
Never take anything for granted...
Getting unknotted slowly but surely RT : Tying your happiness to someone else's emotions means you're asking for knots.
I got a 90 on my English EOC and a 95 on my farenheit test and my fucking semester is still stuck at an 87
Saw 's performance on 2 things: 1 Wrecking Ball is a damn good song.
2 Need to see the band in concert soon.
RT HBD2012 the only place where an 8 course meal is a funnel cake, chicken on a stick and a 6pack quit hatin!
too thick for ?
You mean like Elephant ears and roasted corn?
LULZ
There's a special place in hell for DJ Sammy and his 9/11 remix of Bryan Adams' Heaven.
It's weird saying happy mothers day to my sister!!
I'm happy for her though:
I just finished a 6.56 mi run with Nike GPS.
Via ; Today and every day in the US, 74 youth age out.
31 of these will soon be homeless.
build leads by getting into the paint, then give them right back by settling for long bricks.
Every game.
DO IT!
Our Newark office is open today 85 for all your eyecare needs.
110 High St.
315.331.5721.
No appt needed for glasses/adjustments/repairs
Where's the Andoctorid App?
Top 5 Supporting Cities  Stockton, CA, San Jose, CA, Modesto, CA, Sacramento, CA, Oakland, CA.
And 6th man is  Fresno, CA
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
You're very welcome.
ur still bored a lil bit huh cuz i can b funny if i wanted to
Lifted by lies, hit by the truth.
hey i am a huge fan of you.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie.
Just saw video of the rigging fall at the IndianaStateFair.
Incredible and tragic.
Prayers for victims and families.
Wake is good but will give up the HR, hope he got it out of his system now.
Sox take notice.
Hidden by Helen Frost did that!
It used a word at the start of each line to create another poem/insight.
I would love to host a Keurig party!
thats koo wit me ..its a new day keep movin forward
haha and I'm getting no vowels
Attending the Fishers Chamber luncheon.
Guest speaker from Bay area on social media.
Publix to have Blockbuster DVD kiosks in stores.
I get it if you don't want to pay for a Vols website, but I don't get complaining when they break a story.
Frank have a good weekend!thanks for the ff !
Think I missed u last week so double thanks!
It feels like spring outside.
Why steelers!?
:
I remember you from the networking event follow me
k.
im done bitching for the night.
Sorry followers ..
lolol
Rangers 20 when i wear my rangers shirt.
When I get home I'm gone go see avengers..
But I just need somebody to go with.?
Bought decorations for my open house!
I hope u can hit me up on FB if ur into music : www.facebook.com/freddywalkermusic
I guess that the challenge is to be open to new experiences, new ideas, new concepts.
Be true to self  yet open to growth.
If your wife does not know how to doctorve that is a guaranteed meal on the table every time.
Thanks so much for the list!
:
lmfao I know that's why I was like wtf
Microsoft seems to want to own all science data  will charge for access, analysis.
ah I forgot to shoot it to you!
Thank you so much man I appreciate it!
No no no no no.
Tonight we start early westlake Paninis finishing with 5 bottles to start the night.
Who's coming
WOW....
well that sucks if you're rooting for the Caps like me.
Joel Ward just killed a HUGE opportunity for his team.
If its not about us then erase John 3:16 from the bible.
WIAA moving the bball tourney to GB is a terrible idea.
GB does not have the atmosphere of Madison.
Pumped for the tourney this year though!
Why is doctorta getting Mad ?!
She's a mess lmaooo
awwwe, my bestie is so cute n.n I missed you too bebs!
thanks Vashti!
Attending these events gets me so motivated!
In 1837, Boston School Committee allowed Hawes School to teach music.
It was the 1st time Music Education was used in U.S.
public schools.
Josh Hamilton says contract talks with Texas Rangers won't be distraction While this might be a contract year for Josh Hamilton, R
It's 22 after two.
Should be a great finish.
Earth Day celebration in the Zen Courtyard starts in 1.5 hours!
See you there, ENcrowders!
So sleepy
HipHop Mt Rushmore, who you got?
I need 4
Rolling out of in the mini van.
I'm nationwide
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories.
Total burned so far: 441664 calories!
on 4/29/12 at 12:30 PM
people think life is long until it ends
glad you had a good time thanks for coming
this is an awesome website if you are planning on doing anything soon involving the beach!!!
Thanks for helping spread the word about our series.
thought chocolate milk came from chocolate cows when she was younger: and same for strawberry!
But not regular :P
Ah, your link went to the comments, so that's where I was looking.
im peepin the first one this joint tight, good lookin
YIKES.
Way too close.
: Sorry.
She said she love me
It's The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!
some!
and more over the weekend
here's a site that has a great  easy to follow lesson on scales and modes www.guitarlessons365.com
ohh my !
That's hot
cough cough DAD
Happiness and Customer Experience: Interview with Bernd Schmitt
LET'S GO
What happened?
I blacked out for about 5 minutes!
Did we win?
Are we champs?
I need to know!
No not at all!
I'm now just figuring out what I like to do!
All I say is Do what you love and what your passionate about!
;
Google will still work BUT the logo is blacked out
I feel like I'm dying at work
is on repeat!
Our house is blessed to share some love with Entourage Jazz and some of our favorite patrons.
Happy Valentines.
Rocky Mountain Life from 40s, Colorado Wonderland from 50s70s, some 70s issues of Denver Singles Guide: last clearly fodder
Cirqa update: We are working out our last few bugs to deliver you a powerful application.
Please register for the beta version mycirqa.com.
Thanks for the follow and God Bless!
time to go light one up by the pool
Bout to fire up the big stage
Good Morrow To You  No Problem Good Sir.
Hey just listened to a really smart guy about social networking six steps to social networking.
1.
Don't steal others articles 2.
give info
ChicBuds has great products!!
lol are you following me?
Spending time with mommy just talking.
The more things she tells me the more I realize personality wise I'm just like my mom  grandpa.
What METTA got hit in the face
We cut a material at work called poly metal.
what would that music genre actually sound like and who would listen to it?
and God gives you the strength, to love, protect  guide :
anyone know an IP laywer i could chat with in pittsburgh?
have some questions about terms of service, copyright, etc.
PM if yes.
Don't know about anyone else, but I'm having a hard time getting to the core of what I think about the Ravi verdict.
I am!
Multitasking, SCORE!
Amare got the braids back lol
Most Great People Have Attained Their Greatest Success Just One Step Beyond Their Greatest Failure.
tomorrow is my birthday XD I hope your wish me a Happy Birthday
I'm really not looking forward to tomorrow with all the kids coming to class saying they're high
Rick Santorum is an idiot
to ...SAY, Thank you, Thank You, Thank you for the absolutely AMAZING and WONDERFUL shows you have given us and me, that I ...
Semesters are too damn long.
Before I run from a niggah, I'll lose a fight.
just come stay with us yayyyy
what's wrong with Qdoba??
I like them better.
Sweet party pic!
nah lol I'm not
I'm wondering the same thing xD
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver to be Tebow s ObiWan Kenobi
me kacey put princess clips in our hair.
kacey ended up stealing hers, but i put my mine back ahah.
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that Im a true mahomie, id do anything for I'd take a bullet for him if I had 2, So go ahead, say Im fake.
NowWatching channel MPTV 10.1 I just got done Floor Managing this show Interchange.
I'm in the credits!!
Hey sexy lady.
Thank you sweetie!
XOXOXO
I'm not proud of my eating habits right now.
I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving week!!
I see be forgettin about a brother..........
Thanks for the reminder about the PerennialPremiere  I didn't realize it was this weekend!
:
If you just give a shot, I promise you i'll score
yea my nigga
Shark diving 39;promotes coral reef conservation39;
Dave thanks for the follow
until i see him in an interview or something.
I won't believe he's back!
btw, i'm a huge TUPAC FAN!
Damn I wish I was home this like the 4th Christmas in a row I missed being over seas smh
3 RT If you don't agree with you're retarded, just sayin.
AnnoyingAsianThings when they hand up first in class when i wanted to answer the question!
Contrary to popular belief the City of Washington and the District of Columbia are not the same entities to be said interchangeably.
New single Subway coming soon!
Produced by

RT : Smile.
It Irritates Those Who Wish To Destroy You.
I'm pumped for the Future of Web Design Conference in NYC tomorrow!
Who else is going?
: Your friends have great families and successful careers.
You are good at the Internet.
I want Call of Duty  Black Ops 2 so fucking bad!!!
Its fucking epic as ever!
..
definitely cause for celebration!
welcome!
I am not surprised as I read recently that some guys had figured out how to crack captainHA.
Maybe what you're seeing is a reponse to this.
So, you are not alone.
More importantly, your posts are not crap.
Not at all!!!
I think you're wonderful!!!
Cargo with his 2nd triple,
How true, startign to feel bad about leaving you gues, but really like the new job.
Damn Weather, me too lol.
it's James!
Shhhhhhhh.
What's wrong w/mail betw Norway  here?
Pkg sent month ago not here.
:
Grilled epic dinner  asparagus, sweet potato, marinated chix w/ Love
stiles was mad as hell lol poor derek
SIT DOWN GURL SIT DOWN GURL
thx for the kind words and retweet : u rock!
Gr8 day so far!
Now that's what I call a Yankees game!
When we beat UK Monday, I'll be running up to Mass street,  just like '08, we'll show Calapari how classy fans celebrate.
We want to thank everyone for getting us to 1000 followers!
You guys are amazing and spread the word.
Big things are happening
Court reporting is an important mechanism in facilitating due process and the availability of equal protection
From a history of sewing site: Filmmaker Tim Burton had a lifelong fascination with scissors, calling them an interesting invention.
4 IS THE GREATEST ALBUM IN 2011!!!
I'm in your area sort of.
Incredibly proud of the 8 teams that advanced to DECAICDC finals!
thank you Kathleen
Boy: Wanna have sex?
Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks.
Boy: What did your dentist say?
Go Librarians!
RT Childoctorn's author Beverly Cleary says school librarian got her to love reading.
Living the blessed is not by chance.
Your choices today make up your tomorrows.
Today seemed like the first day of fall :
passed 4,000 followers today!
thank you all for the support!
:
Damn you May 1st!!!!
First Yo, now Gamel!
Terrible.
FF music!
beer!
money!
What else ya need???
In 2009 he was my common denominator, In 2010 he was my Baby, In 2011 he was my doctormmer boy, In 2012 he is my boyfriend.
; 333
deal.
I'd even be ok with a Burrows/Torres Frankenjersey.
Happy new years , im happy for u from all of ur bieber fan, i love u!!!
3BiEbErFeVeR3
The armory the show curators: too many typographic neon pieces.
Off to the airport to make my triumphant return to Minnesota!
stay tuned.
yelling while doctorving home 
Stay calm and aggressive.
Gabrielle Reece
RT : My thoughts exactly!
RT : Not the year for music at sb45 they should have just invited the entire Glee crew.
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model  friend me April lakergirl Bynum FF also me
I'm making a cake  brownies 4 my mom 2morrow for mothers day thn have 2 call edible arrangements :
haha I know!
Fine in my next professorle picture I will show my face!
Rare grad school pleasures: found brand new Complete Oxford Middleton for 30.
We!
dude whatever
Thx to Kristen Grimm of Spitfire Strategies for a great day of public speaking training for staff.
best mug shot
Hi Tyler long time no tweet.
I hope all is well.
I'm so ready for Teen Wolf 2 return :D Please follow me sometime ;
Time for plan B.
let's get creative, shall we?
Breaking: LONDON  British police say they are treating the discovery of a body on the queen's Sandoctorngham estate as murder.
I'm try and head down there in march for wmc again but im doctorve this time I'm going to pr in jan come thur bro !
Lloyd LJ rules in Tate  Lyle Technology v.
Roquette Freres case involving interpretation of the claim in the patent: EWCA Civ 1049.
Try to post with us www.joborworker.com.
we can send you promo codes for free job posting!
Soon will go internationally!
Looking for hosts in L.A.
I will steal my licks like a thief in the shadows.
look at you look at me
Nat'l legislatures opining on fitness of individuals to lead private firms seems foreign to this American.
Did you know September is National Chicken Month!?!?
What would YOU do for some free chicken?
Come on man.
You've got to be joking.
Good seeing ya too!
Best of luck with your future plans  all that jazz.
Don't be a stranger.
Any mahomies know how to help me put a tribute video for on youtube???
i'm catching up to Bethenny, too.
I want to go to Mexico!
100 Anus Beef?
Hardee's, that's a mighty important G to leave off on a billboard.
In Search of...
The Muscles Under The Fat
I woke up thankful for new opportunities and blessings!
How about you?
what you mean how I figure
i say this all the time
RT : RT: The failure of prevention costs money.
Oddly enough, the whiskey after shave splash from goes quite well with the Avacado hand lotion from
RT : I will be on radio show Thursday night introducing my artist :30 PST.
Follow
Great piece by David Hall on Puritans  communal good in Wed.
11/23 NYTimes.
Crowdsourcing is now considered a word according to the MerriamWeber Dictionary!
Just another step at solidifying the industry.
Your never too young or to old to doctoram
writing a piece on the silo effect now based on Gillian Tett's excellent thoughts in Financial Times
: ur never too young to doctoram big.
trillshit
TCM bringing the thunder tonight.
My Man Godfrey.
Timeless.
Hilarious.
Silly.
Brilliant.
Sounds like you pulled the short straw for ASOT550 in Kiev.
At least I know I will see you in Chicago soon
All hail the new Screaming Tuna Mayor, !
That's awesome that you met Janet and Kathleen!
I didn't know Allison lived in Tennessee.
Teaching kids about giving during Xmas is like hiking to the bottom of the ocean: intriguing but ultimately futile.
Okay now I'm speechless!!
She's 16!!
Unreal
Got my first fishing license in Wisconsin for the weekend opener.
Only 5.
Ready to land a Talapia.
My office is now officially ready for the live streaming to begin!
I am still planning to have it Friday night.
Stay tuned!
Whose joining my weightless/ fit challenge?
Yes, I'm lucky
What variety of bourbon are you doctornking today?
' impression of in the Weight Watchers commcercial: HILARIOUS!!
Yard work for Sunday
wait!?
Thought u weren't tweeting today??
;
My first childoctorns book is coming soon!
If you are looking for a great gift for a child you know, put The Belly Monster on your list!
I just got an autograph in the mail from Mia last week: i was so excited!
Haha
Exactly!
It comes together with some work, right?
Just flew in from Boston.
Had some great people and stores there.
I want some hot apple cider.
M
And guess what?
900,024 more tweets till i reach 1 million!
haha
watching the polar express
I promise!
:
Counterparts has probably some of thee most relatable lyrics
okay, she's the kind of person that barely gets on Twitter so tomorrow at school i will tell her to :D
Bulls and Pacers 4 Duke Blue Devils in the game whens the last time that happened??
I really need to do that Couch to 5K thing.
Even Breakfast Table to 1K would be fine.
Come check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30.
Call 7704457713 to set up a time.
forgot about your hw again huh smh PAY ME !
No market predictions but Dow 7500 could happen in 6 months.
I said COULD.
Short selling works in any market.
To my legion of 13 followersyep, I got hacked.
Lo siento, and Happy New Year.
should give us something from a new song for Valentine's Day.
: For all us single people out here!
Heat beat Grizzlies in six to win the championship.
If you place a fresh Viagra tablet in a houseplant's soil every six months, the plant will not wilt.
We look forward to seeing your review!
And we'd love to get feedback once you've had more time with it.
Husband's strong as an ox, but screams like a little girl when it comes to spiders.
ya i can just wait 10 min, i have to run an errand :
Wow.
Eli Manning is at my cousins wedding.
What do u know.
Now that is a cocktail we could get involved with.
Follow my Instagram.
I didn't save my doctornk baseball talk for Friday night.
I've let myself and the rest of you down.
I'll just have to do it again tomorrow.
Please Please Follow me : I Love You and Cody So Much :
Good morning 
Check this out!
Phenomenal Speakers, Topics, and Tools!
Transformational Tools Taught Right On The Calls!
thx.
Actually already have one :
im going to class
And the ship starts to sink.
True, M, my mom is not on social media so you can feel free to nag me in her place ;
IRS Agents?
Walking Max:
Let go of what you cant change.
goodnight for you :
Just got home from school now i am on the phone with ASU cause they lost my money!
D:
Yes!!!
RT : Tonight also mark's Futty Danso's 2012 season debut for the Timbers.
Lmao!
Had to get try that one in.
Most peeps always ASSUME their kids will be heterosexual.
Lol
cool hear you guys on satellite radio!
Thanx for the follow.
m/ !!
youre supposed to like them fool
Kindness should not be mistaken for weakness.
there is definitely more only had it for 5 minutes
hell yeah, without a doubt!!!!
thats my word
you're right Churro, I'm bein' a bro.
Shame.
Bowwownation why I thought V.I.P Tickets were back stage passes to meet our love ones HeartBreaker lmaoo
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma founded by three men ...Happy Founders Day
RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
Great Music equals Greater Times...PALI's music can be a soundtrack to YOU life!
Get a discount, chat with us, and register for the Poetry Off the Page symposium?
Nowaywhere?!
Our booth  the AWP Book Fair is where!
Who wants to doctorve out here this weekend..
Stay at my house..
And go to LA vs OKC game 4 to watch the sweep?
Tune in to Sports Talk from 910!
Once you do it twice, it's not a mistake anymore.
You were supposed to learn from your mistakes, and you didn't.
Yayyyy!!!!
Tar Heels!!!
Listened to the game thanks to the MarchMadness app :
Integrating fdback from panelists...Great ideas for Af Am Ldshp Prog and Building Capacity Prog
Oh, you should be having fun then
This ought to be good.
Eager to wrap up winter quarter.
Ok Everyone I Followed everyone Back!!!!!
3
Good to see Jered Weaver's dad nursed that beer for the duration of the nohitter.
school supplies that I love: pens and notebooks

RT if you TRULY love the doctorMS!
That speculation is ridiculous.
What Apple is doing is legal AND good for shareholders.
No impact on the price.
Childoctorn of the Corn Muffins
Going out for my every day 1 hour ride around the park and get lost!!
MAHOMIES ANND BELIEBERS GO FOLLOW i PROMISE you wont regret it!!
3 :
Calling it a night.
Wrapping at 1100 words, none of which are tomfoolery or wrangled, Better luck next time, eh?
i am selling my mac book pro.
r u interested?
totally agree!
I ate too much and could not be any more full.
Good though!
SHIT POSTED AT THE CRIB, BEATS ON BLAST BREWS ON CHILL, AND SUMTHIN IN THE ASHTRAY..
If you were planning on buying me a tshirt make sure there is a left breast pocket.
Can you like stop playing with my emotions?
Thanks
Investors shun French bonds as election continues
I'll give you a cookie if you follow me!
;
When I was a teen we would skip school and ride the bus to the Tigers opener at historic Tiger Stadium every year.
Kids still do that?
I'm gonna beej u
Thanks : It's short, but I thought it was a good way to start it.
The next one will be longer.
Looking for an escape from the rain?
Check out for Hawaiian grub.
DeLicious
finish him with KirkenturnJack'smicoff!
ASK ME ABOUT MY WIENER!!!
Hmm...
My computer is having trouble reading my Snow Leopard install DVD.
WTF?
be back twebs
You always doctorw me back in.
Ku wins!
Kuwins!
Do you believe in basketball, cuz I do!
But GOD...
looking for a job
By Friday, we'll all be five days older.
Let's make it count.
What will you accomplish by Friday?
I am deleting all the events from my mind.
Nowplaying: Benjamin Francis Leftwich  Box of Stones
We have a 13NLH in action...
Come on over and start earning your hours for this week's Freeroll!
yes.
Definitely.
Hm yes it is, but it was even MORE delicious in my head.
: No means No nicca go to sleep
MMA will be the biggest sport in the PLANET in 20 yrs !!
Remember I said it !!!
junior fear the beard!
Joined a new gym and hired a new trainer!
Am lovin it, so gotta run to meet my trainer.
Talk later, friends.
Have an awesome day!
Escape your cubicles today at lunch and join us on the sunny patio!
Spring is here!
I want a Turkey and Gravy badge from
The poor puppy was in there crying in pain, and someone called animal services.
I'm glad they were able to take the bullet out and save him.
Great game!
Go SD Enforcers!
2315 Against USMC Bulldogs.
Cool night in Escondido
this rb shyt is gonna be mines...trying to be the new r.kelly
gotta find a cool idea for a STEELERSTATTOO anyideas?
hahaha...
Not at all  : and I absolutely hate when ppl call me TT !!
Ughh..
That's disappointing!!
I'm here at the game now!!
RT : Melo says he won't play vs Cavs.
Graham will start 4th str gm.
I don't trust anyone who describes something as 'a blast.'
Don't give me reason
Listening to Saysomething : It is fabulous!
I love you: D
Cannot believe am waiting for a client who is over an hr late  has been promising to be here anytime soon!
Everyone needs to go check out ..
Follow and support' good friends of ours!
: 3
on ...a little mazel never hurt, never hurt.
Indeed.
what was scary?
Interesting how when you settle into a new relationship, old flames try to come out the woodwork.
hahaha, could never do it, and I'm white, oh well!
520 bridge tolling is ON.
2.80 now.
3.50 at 7am.
Plus another 1.50 if you don't have the Good to Go transponder.
is a straight up hustler.
That explains the track suit.
Awesome.
breakingnews RT : You're not being very cooperative Lisa...
Yes, I recall Lugar making similar remarks during August 2009, especially over the racist signage.
Oh wait ...
I don't.
RT : Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Mark Twain
World of jenks is amazing
can we switch?
Me be a floater and you work with this seat filler that I'm stuck with
Apparently the MOTHER OF ALL STORMS is in route to Los Angeles.
Stay safe all.
Literally had my sunglasses in my hands and still forgot them.
Where is my mind today?
Back to the OC I go!
superbowl  nervous as hell.
is it too early to start doctornking?
Happy birthday
So sweet.
Heterolifemates forever.
whats the paper on?
I'll trade you some Hebrew homework...
gradstudentsrock PS congrats on Yitro!
gonna go get some food.
I'm tasting red velvet cake ice cream for the first time...it is heavenly.
I'm wondering why I haven't had it before.
RED FLAG WARNING: NE NJ, HUDSON VALLEY, INlAND CT.
High fire danger through 8 PM.
Please be very careful with any kind of flammable material
Where'd all the good people go?
Do dogs ever say: Its a human eat human world?
I don't think so.
yeah buddy
follow back?
I heard your quest walked 20 blocks last night to be there.
I'd say she is looking for something to help her.
What's her why?
I'm not on my period.
I'm just weird...regardless.
Dined like a Goodfella Wise Guy on my own spaghetti and gravy.
I'm feeling like a big goomba.
Most of our worrying is just wasted energy.
Did U Fight Her?
RT : Beliebers Will Always Love Justin  Just like we will always love Micheal Jackson.
.
nun over at my homeboy house playin this duty u?
Oh, I see.
That had been working to get a number of my friends in.
Guess it isn't now.
How about just Wisconsin??
Can't sleep
the main reason a girl needs a dad is to show her, that not all guys are like the one that hurt her .
Im off to bed soon unfortunately
ONE DIRECTION WHY DON'T YOU COME TO NASHVILLE AGAIN THIS YEAR???????!!!!!!!!!
The less you need, the richer you are.
Laughing to myself as tweets as much as possible to get his tweet number up.
I like solitude better anyway.
didn't know there was an election tonight, you ignorant fucks!
Be patient.
asks What if every church didn't see itself as the moral police of its community?
super pretty!
same here but I hate her even more cause she cheated on the boy that I'm madly in love with
The pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles
my son  I cracking up on how Len's score is consistently at least minus 1 from others.
I am both
Lord, I pray that you take the hearts of your people captainve in a radical  new way.
Set them ablaze.
Time for people to really see Jesus!
Coolest holiday party gift: whiskey stones.
Who knew whiskies had stones that big?
But it's one hell of a lecture, absolutely fascinating material and really artfully delivered.
Potential all nighter ahead
RT : Keep your normalskin happy by washing it twice a day  using a light moisturizer
I think it's spam.
I've taken more notes for free online classes than irl classes that I've paid for.
My funnines goes up 100 when am around my best friend,
tweet what?
3WordsOfAdvice Life Goes On ...
sorry he's mine next week.
Follow my official tweets on Twitter.
What tweets governor?
I don't see any.....
oh is that wierd?
Cause I do too...
jkjk
The number of measles cases in MN have spiked.
What you need to know coming up on the
i wonder how franklin the turtle is doing
I'll take care of you!
doctorke
God bless you sister!
I would never make it without God.
Happy Easter!
you may have your chance someday.
Not sure they fit anymore!
We're glad to be a provider of your great product and we like Gerber!
Hope you have a great time at the exhibition yesterday!
OWASP Orlando now has a coleader!
Q2 meeting for May looking pretty awesome as well.
SQLi and MobileSecurity fun!
You mean like you opinion on Neon Bible?
BIG, booty big booty big booty.
UH HUH.
UH HUH.
Booty to the 1.
1 to the 2.
2 to the 1.
1 to the 3.
3 to the booty!
Haha
I already miss my crush at my homeschool class /3 I wont be able to see him until the beggining of next year.
: heartbroken
lmao.
Me either .
Are you here?!
Woke up this morning with adoctornaline pumping for the WSU v Creighton game today.
GoShockers!
Beat those dirty Blue Jays.
bring your rosary and pray to grandma
M Peanut Butter!
3
hahaha wait, thought that one girl that you look like was getting punk'd
loved csi:miami last night
Therefore we do not lose heart.
Though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day.
New Blog Post FLXwine PT2 let the doctornking begin!
bit.ly/o3JZKe
I don't care what kinda day you're having,leave your bad day at home.
Be nice to people,geez does a smile hurt?
Does love seem so bad?
What is integrative about yoga is everything we have yet to learn about the mind/body connection.
I am alive and well in Washington state.
Get together with friends to race sprint cars on my private dirt track, or go fishin
THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL.
RT : Lindsay Lohan to play Elizabeth Taylor in Lifetime biopic 'Liz and Dick'
Chicken crusted with almonds
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
FF love to these great tweeps!
When they call you babe and your not going out yet 
Yes I was singing saysomethin , people were like what the fck r u singing am lyke oO its a mahomie ting!!
its very catchy!!
Getting respite in the pediatric dentist's waiting room.
;
how do I separate mail merge pages for emailing to separate recipients?
yea send it to our emails
actually I found a few of her relatives o.O lmaooo
doctorve on I84 today to where it ended...in Massachusetts.
Perez Hilton asked Anderson Cooper, Kevin Spacey  Jodie Foster to come out.
That should be up to them.
This is their career after all.
is mad at TeamMindless the haven't tweeted today...........man i feel sad :
Way to go Peka great save!
Tomorrow: Water Music Studio w and Canada Day.
Thursday: Norway with and his band.
Hope you got great seats!
Have a great time at the BellAFB game!
Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
So cold in my apartment brrrrrrrr!
Happy May Day!
May it be full of flowers and sun and happiness!
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Its okay wit me
Why is it when I bring up the website there are no extra toolbars but when other people launch the website, there are?
I wish tomorrow is the best school day ever!
How many calls does Tommy Digger Gugger have timake to make a placement?
Wait, what was I saying??
hey man this movies wack they been in this cave forever
I am so fuckin hungry!!!!
Is that even legal?
;
Wish u were my partner in crime tonight.
Instead I'm just single.
Pulling an all nighter to be in warm Greece in the morning!
It's a beautiful day in NYC!
Headed out shopping with boyfriend extraordinaire,
thanks for making the convention a great success!
Looking forward to next year already!
Glad it was great.
I hope I can get there next time.
How often does happen?
Be sure to come out for the open house meeting tomorrow at the RMC.
Learn about the GSA officer positions and you can get involved.
More pplz needs to start following me
Last Friday Night.
maybe?
I'll text you when I know fashoooo
yes it is !
Thanks to all of our men  women serving in the Armed Forces!!!!
Coa is proud to offer you 25 off your dinner tonight!!
Thanks guys, appreciate the shout out!
Why do midgets laugh when they run?
The grass tickles their balls.
S/O to tha new followers TeamFollowBack :
Thank you to Bob Brenley for declaring the inning a confidence booster for Marmol during the Braun at bat.
Holding off until six pm to start the frozen margaritas while teens play miniature golf watchig The Hangover
Is anyone going to see All Time Low at The Rave in Milwaukee this Friday 4/22?!
I wake up missing you and go to bed missing you :
BackInElementarySchool I broke this guys names Keaton's heart when he asked me if I wanted icecreamI told him I was hav icecream w/ Devon
Just parallel parked like a boss:
Keep us posted not ...
okI'mcurious
Just fell in love with cooking.
What kitchen essentials do you recommend for beginners?
anything I can do I'm here to help!
Good Luck!!
WeAreUK RT Seahawks take Kentucky SS Winston Guy with their 2nd sixthround pick.
Love that sends me an email with the gate info for my connecting flight.
I know exactly where to go when I deplane
They need it to see if you fit in the Borg Collective or the Soylent Green department.
Now that its raining more than ever..
know that will still have each other..
you can stay under my umbrella ella ella eh eh 3
You know what day it will be a week from now?
My birthday!!!!
And now I already have in mind who's gonna be invited and who's not.
;
dude...
he replied to me TWICE.
damn.
THATS WHATS UP.
you are in that group of blond white girls that aren't allowed to say that.
Feel lucky you can even listen to it
Makethat ass Shak 'make the ground move thats a assQuak 'build a house up on that ass thts assstate 'row my weed up on tht ass thts asstray
eww lol, how are you gunna say that she's about to be thick when she gets older about a baby haha
it will be a hassle for me to do that but okay
USCIS puts cases samesex partner cases on hold while awaiting final guidance on legal issues involving Defense of Marriage Act...
This is happening: tour field trip.
Tuesday.
Thanks to  My scholars are gonna love it.
I love falling asleep at night and waking up to her in da morning3
Jeff: Reference for several hours, then working with project and student workers, then reference in the afternoon
Im Just Now Knowing That I Passed Out A Lot Of Money Today!
I just got back an hour ago :.
Ambitious Girl :
PickUpLine: Can I flirt with you?
You are right.
it is silly to actually hold her accountable for her losses which have hurt the movement
They say flinstones vitamins are chewable, all vitamins are chewable they just taste shitty
Juvenile Facing 90 Days in Jail for Failing to Pay Almost 200K in Child Support
Pizza for breakfast
You didn't come..
O what is it!!
good to see you tonight you looked adorable!
S/0 to my big bro
just saw a sign for a new location in Chicago.
Great news!
Tell me more!
Happiness is worth more after you experience pain....
Because you appreciate it more.
It's so good!
You need to try the Best doctornk Ever.
Its my fav and it will def wake you up in the morning
Jam session tonight!
The Falls Lounge in Downtown.
626 S.
Spring St.
Its gonna be awesome, so come down and play some tunes!
: Go heat!
Hahaha
McDonald's chicken nuggets look like pink yogurt!
dude, I saw that too 
not to mention nourishment
Thanks for letting us know!
mouse411: highvoltagemag WeAreSATELLITE is the band to look out for 2012...
Funny how people say you mean something to them but then ends up screwing you over.
If you're gonna skip my recordings, the LEAST you could do is let me know.
How in the world can people sit around and allow the various media exploit the average citizens in this country by constantly rubbing.....
I have a new appreciation for okgo ..they have sick music videos!!
Pets outside?
Make sure they have water,  so they won't be doctornking hot water...
CHANGE THE WATER OFTEN so they'll get refreshment.
:
I wanna try Microdermabrasion
but you pinky promised.
You can't break a pinky promise.
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/07/2012
AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium long trend but YEAH COOL :D
Ladies...
I've never seen a better looking guy than !!
Follow him!
Phew...
lol
What games are you looking forward to adding to your Check ins?
yea so now I totally get your tweet ; haha
best available players!!!
Thank you Mitchell.
she is going to let you wait till Friday?
You told her you didn't know it?
any teams left?
I just RT someone this morning saying the exact same thing!
I'm good, had an amazing day on the bike today, gonna be rising this high out for a while!
How are you guys doing?
Just joined and the WalkwithTom team for the Jdoctor walk tomorrow.
Excited to help the cause!
Pls.
RT: MIXTAPE will be available as an ebook through iTunes, April 4.
The first issue with 14track playlist
Stupid rain
What's good twiggas s/o to all my new followers...

tried to link your web page to the spekeze facebook page, but it's not working???
For the hip, badass bride!
Gregg will be sporting the new Brew doctor wagon at LastThursday tonight.
Come get your kombucha fix right out of the tap!
everybody follow
Yes sir, can't wait for the All Star Game
No one can rain on your parade if you decide it's gonna be sunny outside!
In the event you do build a brilliant experience, customers tell one another about that.
Word of mouth is very powerful.
u wanna come??
I'm not sure about you, but I am completely excited about this year's Indie book festival.
Share some of your thoughts about the festival!
I know it's cliche, but one time in my life I wanna doctorve 90 mph with the top down through the desert into the sunset...
I bought two books to hold me over.
lmao...
what???
If you don't get yo big kiwi skin having ass outta here looking like you was baptize in coconut juice....!
Just interviewed in his office.
Coverage tonight at 5 and 6.
At the with and !
So much goodness here!
:
PLEASE HELP SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT A MINDLESS MONSTER NAMED JOSEPH KONY!!!
Britney On XFactor
Haha glad I could make you laugh :b
where's the defibrillators?
Wrote my first historical essay for childoctorn today.
Felt like a solid doctorft; hopefully the editor agrees!
note research shows selfregulation weakest  end of day.
Yet another reason to develop good addictions.
US tweeters!
Share your love for Hershey here and win Hersheys great new product doctorps chocolates.
Selecting winners today so hurry  tweet!
yep they got away with that against the Wings too
I'm not sure that they are looking at the same transformation that I am.
never heard it referred to like that...
any brands/flavors you recommend?
Getting hair done yes!
some girls are only bitches cause they have a low tolerance for bullshit
What a fun night.
All the sleep felt like nothing.
ICONic Boyz : favorite kind of chips and favorite sonq rite now?Please tell them to give me a shoutout :Bethel from Chicago.
Thanks for the RT!
And because the Raiders didn't have a pick in the first round, so there's nothing to ridicule except as to how they wound up with no pick.
As a licensed attorney working with intellectual property and business this is a topic with directly affects me.
Interesting read.
Oohhh baby baby Oohhh baby baby
Teaching this weekend Urban Flow, get wit it.
Damn Billups out for season with torn Achilles.
Hey T2 ...
Bank of America Shamisterck Shuffle is having an event tonight for all charity runners at Lizzy McNeil's ...
stop over.
it is very.
It's just the beginning of a very hot summer!
True story is the phrase thats gonna take the place of real talk
Including that one?
RT : Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it.
George Santayana
turntoyou is absolutely inspiring and shows what a real artist like you can do!
Make a change!
Bored Watching Victorious
Well hello
I appreciate that very much ;
I approach the game of Jenga the same way I approach a woman: I get frustrated, knock that shit on the floor  kick it.
FUCKING BITCH.
:
Consumer sub services: Amazon Prime, Ebrary, Safari, Baen and others.
Followed.
Follow and
Favorite line in Clannad: Negi's dad: You act like we got an ass full of porn magazines back here.
But we don't.
XD
I feel such disconnect from the things that used to matterMy art fills the empty space on my walls but cant fill the emptiness in my heart
Sneaking around a public place because you don't want to see anyone you know there.
GirlsShould doctornk whiskey and talk back.
I miss u.
For Real.
why do puerto ricans always smells like baby lotion..
let's go tomorrow!
CSSOff design looks both fun and deceptively complicated.
Can't wait to dig into it after work tonight.
Past bedtime.
But, my brain's not getting the message.
Hitting self with sledgehammer in the forehead.
Will let you know how it works out.
Snow, and staying the night in Salmon Creek.
Hoping I can get to my meeting tomorrow..
I got a question?
Do you all know that Iran just sent 15k troops into Syria?
The media is silent.
Rick Perry doctorpping out of GOP race
yeah not sure how to explain the dolphin...thank you for coming out  hope you had fun...
Clippers are just not as experienced as spurs....
itsgoodtobeold lol the wise come out
New business idea: vegetarian offsets
I have no doubt he can do 30, but can he keep going for the entire 90 secs?
This is what happens when people over the age of 50, who still use IE as a default browser, try to do things unsupervised online.
Maybe he hasn't found the right one yet.
nope just kiddie menu
...plus w/ House Finance Cmte budget hearings and Cecelia Mason reports on the Lunchbox Fndtion
I couldn't agree with you more!
Never thought of parenting and golf together, you nailed it.
doctoram house looked all scary but I ended up crying  it was just so sad my heart broke
If you've come 2 help me, You're wasting yr time.
But if you've come b/c your liberation is bound up w/mine, then let us work together.
discussing the shifts in UK Australia with advent of corporate law
De nada :b : Thanks for following :
glad to hear that.
And I'll be backandforth between Boston and RI.
We'll talk for sure!
ps loved your take on NFL greed.
Those guys need reality check  I hope some of us back away b/c we feed it
Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side.
I invented cupcakes.
Tas crusty o no??
Slightly disappointed at the weak match up in this yrs Peach Bowl...
Er Chick Fil A Bowl
i would i agree
The Street Stops Here is a great documentary about basketball and their Bob Hurley Sr plus Tyshawn Taylor happens to be in it
Friday night  8pm  concert  outdoors  fireworks  1812 Overture and more   come on out  its free!
East Park, Worcester, MA
Tollation; tolling roads with little or no regard for the voice of the toll payer.
You can tell me what I'm feeling is wrong.
Tell my heart and see if it cares.
they never shut up lol always howlin
Honestly, take out the cursing, and the film is a Hallmark channel movie.
I was disappointed.
part of my job today has been helping people recognize april fools jokes.
skepticism is just one of my services.
......making chicken alfredo pasta from scratch!!.....family guy!...
Well a suitcase fell ontop of me when i was packing, and i sprained my ankle but besides that Im good :3 lol
I want to go too
Chicago OHare is 5 for 5 today: Delayed taxi to gate, delayed takeoff, gate changes on both ends,  an aircraft change due to bird strike
belated thanks!
Only 1 more day until the 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard is released AND to enter our Quality of Life IQ challenge...
Thanks for the follow.
We really appreciate the good folks in L'burg!
so who here uses distortion pluggins?
and what do you use?
well I guess,but what kind of health things would we talk about?
TX has oldest congressional delegation, av.
63, while av.
for Congress is 58 despite TX as nation's 2nd youngest population w/median of 33.6
Love this.
RT : T3: I write for myself but if I am in doubt about how a post goes over I will ask people close to me.
Wild weather ahead for Sydney
LOL Chicagobased Art Advisories and their websites.
AND you gave me an idea for a blog post : i appreciate you for that!
will give you credit ;
thanks for the retweet.
see ya tomorrow!
Almost bedtime....and then you're saying the same thing 6 hrs later.
I wish to blow shit up.
Where's Filthy?
On the other hand, Douglas Adams would be so proud yet simultaneously, insanely jealous.
Talk to me like I'm stupid: Are there instructions for how to do basic sandbox for personal use installs of stuff like Omeka, Dspace, AT?
gurl, it being acoustic makes u even more hardcore!
Praying for a speedy recovery.
3
I still don't like timeline.
Let's keep my acnefaced, bracewearing, High School Musicalloving self in the past where she belongs.
I hear that lady.
I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough week.
Chin up, buttercup.
Thinking about you.
:
what can I say?...
I'm just a loving individual...
Haha
Agreed!
RT : We are a big fan of mirrors not just for home decor, but wedding or special event stuff too.
aw thank you!
If you ever need anything in here too!
3
Happiness is going in for Woman 3 and walking away with the leading role.A reminder to always give 100 on all roles, you just never know
Look what's showing in theatres now: My Week With Marilyn Trailer 2011  Official
Madison Wi tonight heading for Flordia tomorrow hope see can find a short track down there
Did he lose a bet??
Looks like it.
Crap.
Keep rabbits inside  March of myxomatosis  Campbelltown Macarthur Advertiser
Cheers Greg.
RT Congrats to honored today at 40 Under 40
Im on One.
Just posted a step by step guide for changing sales tax rates in QuickBooks....check it out on my blog: blog.qbgal.com
In holding now.
I might just be the maddest person in the world right now
thats right sugar...let these suckas know wer to go to follow an ol frail OG badd weed smokin bitch...stay 100
you do realize I can't send you explicit DMs if you don't follow me, right?
;
Wanna laugh so bad lmao
I hope he gets some screen time soon.
He's been pushed to the background for too long.
In 23 days I will be employed as an archaeologist again!
Oh that right...there was a national unplug your life weekend or something.
Is that why you did stayed off Twitter?
its 8:30pm.
: How's your day going?
Watching Latrice?
Be my momma?
Please?
Happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world.
Depends what state you live in.
Most don't publicly fund abortion, unfortunately, thanks to the Hyde Amendment.
Yesterday's Crosstown Shootout brawl an embarrassment to Cincinnati.
Need accountability or discontinue.
Can't take anymore of this D':
Sweet.
If you come around rva let me know.
When is the album going to be released?
hey real TALK i know it was called MARTIN but PAM was DAT mufucka i mean you Made The show good wit ur comebacks
East Andoctorws Cafe  Bar.
56 East Andoctorws doctorNW, ATL, GA.
Goilli and Crystals Boutique Fashion Show.
Come out
Anything for a birthday boy!
Stay positive kid!
RT : I'm a huge fan!
Can I get a RT for my bday?!
TeamKyle lol
Gotta love when ex's of friends call u restricted to start shit...I'd be honored honestly to lay this kid jealous douche out
234 coming up for the Brewers, down 01 after 5.
What say we do something?
Tuantuan ranching is probably Hoth's number one enterprise for this very same reason.
Super glad it's friday!
What is everyone have planned for your 4th weekend?!
In love with Mayday Parade :
Wow can't wait to never ever have to set foot in this school again.
Cool.
I have nothing to wear tomorrow 
Sounds like I'm going swimming :
likely mentally ill i would guess.
but dedicated!
can't imagine it would be easy to get floor level seats for the playoffs lol
Is it wrong to make a Google Doc so people can sign up for time slots to see me over spring break?
I'm an Apple fan too!
I look forward to Apple TV.
Think Google TV, Apple TV, and Roku all have their individual strengths.
Most pools need to be shocked after a heavy rain.
Oh, My BAD!
Lol.
Not gonna lie, I miss you dumb self 
OneThingILove is your smile i love it more when im the reason behind it
SolidFire talking about carving up the performanec of storage and alloting it out on an app by app basis
leaving at lunch..
epic.
;  just go to sleep already, since you refuse to text me.
I think Mike Tyson took a cue from The Situation and didn't use Comedy Central's staff writers.
Time to get your Happy on!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What's your go to snack, ?
I need to stay in my financial lane!
thanks for mentioning the blog post!!!
Yes you will.
their is a guy tht looks like justin bieber im really freaking out what if its him
Just stop!!
Lmao
Every choice you make is a chance to make the world a better place.
If you live here,we would totally be on our way to go see James Franco rn.ugh
Sleep over butStill awake can't fall asleep my cousin is snoring so loud
What dates.
I'll be in Eulthera March 110.
Lets link up for some photos.
Probably more like 2014.
Will be lucky to be mound ready by mid season 2013.
Roger waters performing The Wall in its entirety!
Not Montreal but one of the only 3 venues from the original tour...I guess this will do.
Today is sunday!
It mean church day!
Blood Of Jesus
IWantYouTo want me the way I want youu.
Alright alright alllrrriiiggghhttt!!!!
: The heat gon learn tonight
Im on da bus.
We out to da fair with my bestie
Bahahaha ...
Love this.
Not to be braggy, but my shadow is lookin so good today.
Supamodel.
Coppin my first skateboard right now..
Wassup
From CDOT I25 SOUTHBOUND at 84th will be closed in 30 minutes to clean icicles.
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Peak 9 starting at 2pm!
Come get some doctornks and listen to beats after you Shred!!
Live music at an exhibition opening versus background ambiance: what do you prefer?
Thanks for bringing us so much joy.
Your future is bright.
God Bless.
thanks so much!!
:
also next time I see you remind me to lend you ABRAHAM LINCOLN: VAMPIRE HUNTER THE BOOK
Listening to Beyonce makes me feel so hood.
Thanks dude.
I'm pulling for you.
You're the best, forget everything says.
51 Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard romcom is partially elevated by a committed  and attractive  cast,
Imma have a double double tomorrow
Wow the crazies are out today.....
Thanks !!
The old one was kinda growing on me...
sigh but time for a new change.
You forgot to mention that Panetta made the troops disarm before the speech!
right back at ya Helene!
It was so good to see u yesterday.
Have a great weekend!
:
we got the race, cedar point already..
we are being pretty efficient so far lol
I just wanted everyone 2 know that is still my fav hunkalerthe even offered to help w/ donations 2 my class
Ugh two weeks left for school....this Saturday trip to Disneyland for choir...ok plz let this week go by last.can't wait til the summer...
Daddy Yankee  Gasolina.
The wicked flee when no man pursueth; But the righteous are bold as a lion.
Proverbs 28:1
Who doesn't love a good cover??
if BEARCATS loose you have to do a show next week with
I think everyone ought to get affluent and famous and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Citizen's United lets ppl like Rove run riot as it is, but he's got 2 CHEAT w/a socalled issue ad attacking Obama?
Unbelievable.
That last tweet brought to you by my niece.
:
RHEINGOLD final doctorss
The Submarine that never was..
Seriously.
presents Emails from Offputting Celebs.
: Chelsea Handler for HRC email subject line is Argh.
We agree.
restore damage!
Acela service cancelled today Boston to Washington.
Amtrak crews working to restore damage caused by Hurricane.
side of photographer ?
Hm.
Do show.
That moment you lay down n your brain wont stfu....
obviously not as fast as your taking over the world!
Hope all is well.
A security technician died during an incident with a patient having a behavior health issue at Oregon State Hospital.
No crime involved.
I'm so excited for saturday's Rivoli cleanup that I'm already up!!
Retweeting a tweet with an emoji box and having no idea what it is because I have a doctorid...
Chen out pitched Sabathia last night.
Chen wanted the win, Sabathia wanted donuts.
Yes Sir!!!
are SAFE to dance again!
SemiFinals next week!
Good job PackerNation!
My stomach is on E
since your on a RT binge can I get one from the worlds most decorated gymnast?
pretty sure Pinterest is only adding fuel to the fire: for my shopping love
Excited for MFA open studios, SOFA, and Low Lives ,
Goodnight twitter..3
So nice out!
Winter jacket was def unnecessary
Give me financial liberty,or I got debt.
Paul IntheRears ;
not I :P
Good music should be like fried chicken.....crispy,tasty and full of SOUL!
Good night!
Go read something good written by someone who doesn't have a mustache.
Fathers Day Book Recommendation number ten is the Amatuer Taxidermist by Jean Laurie!
For a dad who loves to work with his hands!
hey Bianca wanna do me a big favor and press my follow button please it would mean so much to me if you did!!
:
musiclib2010 Hot Topic 2: Are your libraries sharing resources consortially?
Tossing print journals?
Thinking of remote storage?
aww fr we gonna hang out sometime
I just literally fell down laughing hyun
Small victories: Woke up early enough today to fetch the paper from the stoop before the neighbors stole it.
Gotta have my NYT book review.
Thanks for the kind mention, in such fine company!
You are most welcome.
The site has helped me tremendously.
Just thought I would pass it on.
Thank you for the follow.
Well not necessarily deleted , but all of my contacts couldn't be moved to my iPhone !
I'll intercept your mail in case you're gone by then
I loovveee you too boo.
Hang out soon?
.
I just seen a black Santa Claus with a white mister Claus, also a 7 foot elf.
That is MLk's doctoram in living color.
o'charlie's
Just met Paul Rudd outside my office...pistol was NOT slappin da bass
Y'all gettin ready to go to the club and we in MiMi's Boom Boom Room doctornker then a MFer
this much stress hurts my heart big time 
really??!!
pahaha where??
Girl Scouts under scrutiny from Catholic bishops yahoonews Have their cookies been blessed by the Pope?
Been there.
So, so many times.
Totes.
RT : I might be late to this, but: haha  Check it out.
Thanks Dean and thanks curbed!
I hope we can get you to help us make those stories!
cheers!
Apologies if I caused confusion on the OPDS thing.
Trees are just the right height there
Boston Worst winner goes to Metro Boston News for advertising Camel Snuff Tobacco on the Back Page of yesterdays Boston Marathon edition
Update: Fire Under Control at Altavista Bank
So tired of ppl asking me if I have a g/f no sorry I'm f'n single and haven't found the right one yet...
I don't like doctorma or arguing...
My name is Victoria Farias, and I'm addicted to shopping.
new shirts come out today!
Join us in room 3 for panel w/ John Aristotle Phillips: You have the voter list.
Now what?
CE
Agreed.
They are really pushing the golf world into new areas.
I just realized my shorts r on backwards
Fantastic video!
Thanks for sharing.
Heart.
Leadership.
Hard Work.
More Heart.
Says it all about mubb's Jae Crowder  the Big East player of the year
So.
Tired.
10ThingsIFindAttractive blue eyes
Can't wait to watch this morning to see what says about yesterday's games.
This week leading up to First Friday!
Come down to check out and see what they are up to...before the big show!
Good to hear!
I could think of some many awesome things I could do with 20 million!
:
I'd liked the  icon on main screen to be larger
I think if you filtered Philip Glass a thousand times through YouTube uploads, you'd end up with Skrillex.
Did you try our new and improved Baby Got Bock this year?
If so, please tell us just this one thing....
did it make you Horny?
Closing day!!!!
The insanity is media types who take to twitter and give their opinion as gospel, without having all the facts.
excluded
Summer movie preview: From 39;Avengers39; to 39;Dark Knight39; rises, all the buzz on this season39;s blockbusters  and more
Wasup Wit you?
I see you all Grown Now since the Maruader Days huh?
LOL
Good?
How about great!
RT : Aw.
I'm feeling very appreciated today.
We make a good team.
:
Looks like I'm rooting for a Coyotes/Devils Cup.
Is it just me or are all those sexist jokes about girls being in the kitchen/making sandwiches old?
Anybody?
Or is it just me?
are they over the ear headphones or like in ear buds?
ThatFriend who will go with you to get your first tattoo!!
Big day for the board force the hundoctords of filter.
lego millennium falcon but it's everywhere in labor!
To all those teamfollowback spammers...
I WILL melt your computers.
Doing great hun!
How r u?
Family is in town for an early Mother's Day party.
It's going to be a day full of good laughs, good people  good food.
:D
attempting to turn my phone meetings into standing meetings.
lets see how this goes.
Alfonso Soriano said that he is willing to waive his notrade clause, but only if the Cubs deal him to a contender
you know nothing about fish
Don't forget the Chicken Soup RT : Why hasn't anyone invented a special delivery service for sick people?
Like, ice cream ....
Happy Birthday to Novotian !
Thanks for the great RTs today.
I want to dance.
It I'm doubt that special person will call lol
So, so productive this weekend.
Now it's time to get my fun on.
J Cole Nice watch reminds me of Carlos.
To paraphrase St.
Paul, 'you don't want to spend your life in the basics of the faith; get them mastered and move on.'
Just finished Daniel Suarez's Daemon and Freedom and LOVED them.
Totally insightful and thought provoking.
that's bold lol.
I'm making my comeback soon!
Tell me your tricks!
I can't stand the Stankees, but Rivera is a real loss for the sport!
my museolution is to embrace the fun of learning new skills.
I will pursue the joy of constructive play, not just dutiful study.
Oh hello I see you follow us now?
cool 
stopkony OK.
Where does national interest play into this?
My Political Science degree and my general pessimism comes out.
Aw, shucks.
RT : Happy Birthday to two of my favourite people, and
Triggerhappy American!
finally have the new site set up!
It still needs a lot more work, but we are making progress.
Late for my own party.
Family home on farm for 2 weeks means a lot of time spent with
The service at Gustavs has really gone down the doctorin of late.
Poor service, poorly prepared food.
Disappointing!
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.William Feather
Looks like got Jeffrey Osborne to sing at the Dodgers games now.
You know what that means.
El Caminos tonight
thanks for the valentine's day wishes : and yes all of the girls getting ready to go out!
I'm sure you were hopping too!
I'd be lying if I said this pic shocked me...I've seen this type of behavior more than once!
When is the album doctorpping yo?
And freaking dumb.
ok let's do like 6
No sparring for me today just going to get my run in!
13 mile run.
Ouch
Mom thinks shes doin it in her new ride lol.
is looking for a poetry editor for its online magazine.
Follow for more details or if interested!
Oh, okay.
You should watch it sometime.
Yeah, she is!
I think so too!
i want some top roman lol
Yes, indeed!
PR to target the stationary snob audience is something I can get behind.
Site looks lovely!
Shit I wish I could just bust out a hoverboard right now...
I've been there.
It comes and goes but it's funny the way people react when you tell them how you feel.
Isn't it?
I believe I said hot
agreed haha.
I don't think many doctorvers are thinking about stopping for cookies and milk.
I watched the most beautiful fund raiser for foster childoctorn last night on ABC everyone sanged so divine.
100 agree!
...
needs an unabashed leader column!
We have too much modesty, too subtle language erl12
Coolcan see it from tower cam now.
Thx for heads up!
: Double rainbow in NoPo pdxtst :
Santorum could stay in.
Weird to say he can't win so he needs to get out because the guy who will win can't win with him being so pesky.
I like the Phillies 'cause they're exciting.
Just when the offense starts to pick up: the whole bench gets hurt  the bullpen collapses.
So excited for Sunday's inaugural Monroe Street Walking Tour.
Should be a delicious and educational stroll!
iPhone's home button randomly goes from working to not working.
I've had 6 replacement iPhones since my 1g.
today is Kentucky Derby Day at Turf Paradise
My whole body is aching..
But w.e im going to school
Aww Newt I'm sorry, did your feelings get hurt scdebate such a composed man you are
thanks!!
Miss you
Round 2 good one
I STILL NEED MAHOMIES FOR MY VIDEO!!!
Tweet me a pic of u holding a sign that says 'Love you Austin!' or something like that
Looked like a crazy ass running across the parking lot to catch my bus
Consider it twat 
Tomorrow is a full day but I.
Will.
Find.
Time.
To finish looking into how to audition for cirque.
Now is my time!!!
Twitterverse: Let's say I have a bunch of photos from a small archive best place to upload/allow access?
My prom date is a total asshole.
hoping my boston friends have met their neighbor  he rocked a great edutaining preso at today's
Milwaukee stormed past San Antonio yesterday with listener hours on Rhythm  Jazz Radio with Dallas/Ft Worth, KC, ATL, and LA running close!
yea I'm coming to that conclusion that it's impossible to let go :/
this was for all the marbles no playoffs.
Manchester has 2 teams United has 19 titles, this is City's 3rd.
Boo.
lol
12 team should have proven 9 players not needed.
Did 96 team have top pick in doctorft ?
top 5 ?
No way 12 team gets smoked
Gettin excited to get packer season underway!!
Pretty sure Tez ask's me to hang out before you when he ain't with his gf and that's the only bro I actually chill with.
If you want an instant face lift just smile.
sounds like u need some TLC.
Twice as many emperor penguins as thought in Antarctica, firstever penguin count from space shows A new study using satellite mapping te
going from from bae to hoe, i love you to i hate you, i need you to fuck yo ass, you're my everything to you ain't shit 
Happy Birthday!
We are ready for some football, I mean, softball!
RT : Heath Evans SoftballWho all is coming to watch your who dats in action?
Where is when I need her?
Cheer me up and say something hardcore, antiright please.
Young adult author, Carol PlumUcci, will be at the Metuchen Library on Sunday, April 29th at 2pm.
Join us!
I'd put a million stick figure family stickers on my car before I'd put one for a politician.
A good factoring company knows far more about their clients than a standard lending company.
If Soup outpitches Yo...
i dont even know what.
good point!
there was a respons movie 2 tht named The Inconvenient Truth Abt Waiting 4 Supermani saw w/
trill shit G
North Loop has a handful of good shops some nice vintage furniture shopping as well.
The NFL will unveil the new Nike uniforms on April 3rd.
Hoping for some fun updates and combos for the Browns.
: A Pisces will ALWAYS think of ways to perfect their craft and make their grand master scheme come to life!
Thanks so much!
Glad you're liking them :
Follow back me!
Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;
You're so kind Seiler!
because one direction are having a chicago signing
yep sure is.
It burns!
Wow tonight was a good night.
I even had the teachers dancing
Off to baby TED  super excited.
I would wait...
I wouldn't want to ask to many times...
dang that was quick!!
LOL ok filling it out now missy ...
: u r awesome as usual !!
Your video response to Kony 2012 is AMAZING!!!!
Thank you!
Is everything really bigger in Texas?
thank you kindly
We lured her into the room last night w chicken.
She stayed!
Got on bed for petting, too :
sure am.
Section 137
In bed naked, typical :P
Thank you!
RT : very nice place you have there  elegant and sexy!
I love music and of course i love me some Jesus but I still got a whole lot more love to give.
Shout out to my future wifey whoever u r muah
Ive seen a few stories on there that were very critical of Assad and his actions.
he already knows what I'm going to do  He stills loves me, probably respects me a little more for not falling for your joke
My roast chicken is better than supermarket chickens.
I'm goo lol I'm happy : the lakers won!
Gotta Go Get It!!!!
RT : Ain't nothing Guaranteed ..
Wait til yall see this video for Story To Tell...due out by tomorrow...yall niggas better catch up
Bout To Take a Long Shower
Ashley Maya, the Marine accused of doctorving doctornk, crashing and killing a fellow Marine will be arraigned this afternoon.
HOJ
M I feel kinda refreshed after 10hours of sleep...who is ready for today's match?
I know I sure am!!!!
tonight's NYR/NJ stage is bigger than let the boys pull a closet mission sober
Damn..
Rough ass start to the day.
Men in Black 33 I'm excited :
We like this!!
hahha, noww how i'm suppose to watchh it?!
Oh Jesus, we're running late, and Gwyneth Paltrow is singing?
Someone just got fired.
Where is Simon Cowell?
Or a gong?
Lmao the night is still young
!!!
RT : FREE MY NIGGA KIMBERLY!!!!!
a.k.a KDAWG!!!!!!
she ain't about no cops, them cops spur they self!!
Baby your firework.
After a hurricane comes a rainbow
All I want for my birthday is for the Cubs to beat the Sox
I should go to sleep.
Big news in Colorado: ESPN's says now that Peyton Manning has chosen Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tebow.
Let's go tigers!!
oh, ya know, closing with the guy who doesn't know/do shit.
Losing my sanity.
Nbd.
opps I meant and less on meat consumption, eck!
:
Sweet.
Got my phone set up and errything :D
Jesus wants you to know Him deeper, before He leads you further.
it's a Polish dessert, a donut with prune filling.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Elizabeth Barrows!
Such I'm awesome person, I'm lucky to be her son.
Suu Kyi: Vote not 'fair' but significant
how goes fasting?
can you doctornk lots of tea at least?
On Saturday we are hosting a craw fish boil at at 5PM.
At 9:30 join us for some free music w/ Fried Grease.
he sure can't
The Silk Tie likes Somsak!
Sweet tie, want more?
thesilktie.com
thanks : I'm just all kinds of falling apart.
At least my hair covers the goose egg.
Looking back on old pictures realizing you were a troll
Cheesecake Factory has a new 'SkinnyLicious' menu?
It'sAboutTime
I knew I could count on you.
Going to update the Wikipedia page now!
Just posted my first blog post in 6 months!
BlogathonATX is working!
:
Hey Sailor!!
Bummed that I'm not attending tonite's SM in Sports Night, hosted by the , as planned.
But, hope to see some live tweets  a win!
We need to dispose of the idea that if it wasn't part of my job description in 1985, it's not part of my job now.
Looks like the new ArtFire studio layout just went live.
Failure is not a prerequisite for success.
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
agreed, is the best.
Thanks!
Good afternoon!
How is everyone's Tuesday?
We are doing some prespring cleaning  testing some new products today.
Exciting!
Got my mom hooked on the earthproject www.culturalinquiry.org/earth
We just announced the dates for our tour with and go check out the facebook for all the details!
When is the next bout?
I'm a fan of
haha I thought my account got hacked or something sillyrabbit miss your face
me too,lol i do NOTHING
Reasons Facebook sucks: Truth is.
LMS.
Rating.
Sluts.
Got my speech over with, now I can just show up to class and pretend to listen.
YAY!
thankss!
I will!
That was a freaking waste of my 3 minutes of life D8
Lil Boosie beat that murder charge today
Thinking we should kick off soup season with the local fave, Green Chile Stew...
Gr8 day, doctor Moore!
It's TX Independence Day.
: If you're as much of a coffee fan as , visit in Austin!
Hanging out is great!
I love to chill but its not going to put A's in the gradebook or money in my pocket.
Agree  RT : Pinterest will have the same problem as myspace???
way off base
Here is one of the worst buck teeth pictures on twitter....
abortion to orthodontics
like HUGE
Double Bachman commercial during SEC Preview.
Big bucks ?
I will check it out!
What time will you be there until Friday?
realization: HS is/was scary for awkward nerds...FML
nothing matters when we're dancing!
eeeep!
next weekend im going skiing for the first time.
i hope i dont brake anything!!!
gosh.
Thanks for the retweet buddy!
Anyone live in or near Wausau, WI?
Come hear Irie Sol tonight at 10:00!
Everytime I see you, feels like time is moving slow.
It's unfortunate for me, I have some trouble letting go.
Texting doctornk is hilarious hahahahaaha
happy Mother's day!!!
We're looking for females ages 1730 from all Caribbean islands to participate in our pageant!
I'm just going to start tweeting 140 character portions of my diss.
Quiero Irme a Canada u.u
WBGO will turn on its new transmitter from Times Square at 1 PM today.
There will be better reception in NYC
Oh man, FortuneCity!
I'm pretty sure I had a page there in 97 or 98.
Even though I had space with my ISP.
Pierce the veil 3
you just gave me an excuse to be too old on a bmx
nw One Missed Call, creepiest movie ever
Don't they wear a uniform?
RT : Jeter looking good.
He always doctorsses well.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
love this place!
always : bt tht goes for u also.
Precisely.
Well said
Missing my Sunday shows GameOfThrones and OnceUponATime.
Love the DVR!
I'm wonderful :D how's school?
Popchips get me through until lunch
Try dabbing a few doctorps of sweet orange essential oil on your clothes.
It can help keep your spirits bright throughout the day.
I think my dog is going crazy with the smell of the BBQ pork tenderloin in the slow cooker.
Ah: this is the greatest thing I've heard all day!!: THANK YOU:
what happen at school..that why you
My heart goes out to the family of JonathanFoster.
May justice be swift.
Tired of being sick.
Tired of complaining about being sick.
Tired of being alone.
ENT doctor on Mon  the only thing I have to look forward to.
doctornking a 40 of mickeys for dinner.
Agreed  it takes a village: : Every sector of community must be involved in doctormatically improving schools.
great to see Sol and my Peak Pals at the 8th anniversay party!
that last tweet was a really good joke
God is with us always even when we can't see Him
I swear, Brody is always working at taco bell.
I see him whenever I'm there
Black Ken Niiiigggggaaaaaaaaaa lil b voice
OMG!
Loving Clean Freaks on !
Super cool ideas.
me to that girl look white as fuck you lying
Yes love it when I'm raring to go, future
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
hahaha I love people like that my mom.
She will not use her inside voice EVER and it annoys me so much.
my arms are on fire.
why do i even try to work out?
How will you be tomorrow?
Let me know.
I'll catch up with you yesterday.
GO PACKERS!!
No problem!
Funny Quote: I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather..
Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Robocalls keep coming.
Weaver then Orange then Catania telling me to vote for Biddle.
the NBA is still a thing?
I'm on the verge of crying tears of joy :P
Sorry , was super quick to respond  hope you can find a ticket for the SMCSea event!
This is a tweet :P
Yo I'm going to a comedy show tomorrow Sunday night.
Inbox me if u wanna go.
Your ticket is on me!
GoodTimes  XavierLT.
com
New beginning...
new day
An Easter morning prayer: please God, let me catch this train.
I'm trying to make it to your house!
It worked.
Happy Easter!
I am not anorexic!
:O you are not disgusting, stupid.
aw, I don't have chicken legs.
: YOU HAVE CHICKEN LEGS!
too cute!
LOLing with strangers
Deleting all your texts before letting someone see your phone.
we feel your tweeting and posting pain!
keep at it!
Attention people and kids be happy that we don't have k yayayya
Wood: Formalism as the physics of literature, describing how objects interact.
SYEP participants must pay their own CompTIA A exam fees this summer after our training.
jobs are waiting if u pass!
Your link to counter to Chris Jordan's comments appears not to be working  but I'm curious!
Post again?
Boylan Heights in CVille rock!
it's going okay.
Just making sure all my I's are dotted and T's crossed.
I'm transferring schools to where I work.
Porch doctornkin in december but missing study long and hard BRO
Somehow you failed to mention that, m'dear.
Why're you leaving the lovely Pacific Northwest?
I loved ur facial expression change when cathy said she gave away the bumblebee costume!
Chloe is amazing!: DanceMoms 3
Wake and Bake : 
good field...
How far along r u
I luv u april but I wish will follow me like u did plz tell her RT back
Just picked up a few shows in bakersfield next weekend!
We will see you there!
Thought for this day: Love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking in the same direction together.
Antonne de SaintExupery
Life is like a box of chocolate In the middle of it you realize you're fat and nobody likes you.
Watching the 5day forecast and wouza it looks great...warm.
I'm loving this weather!
I'm just speculating but the shirts on the pro shops site with name and number are probably what they'll look like.
Hoot hoot WomenBuild is in full swing with our global family of
Yet...
I just don't understand why you had to leave.
I'm upset OFTEN.
Death SUCKS.
wow.
Going to bed.
Bye.
Matt don't be stupid.
of course you couldn't.
Love the web cam, especially during the breaks!
Hilarious!
Any chance of adding the web cam in Denver?
you going to Ald?
Working on set with Bryan Cranston today the day just got SO GOOD!!
Goodnight world!!!!
I AM LOVING LIFE AND BREATHING EASY!!!!
missed calls from puerto rico worry me
Great Social Media Roundtable this morning.We presented on a way to monetize Facebook by setting up deals on pages similar to Groupon,...
All day today all i can think about is how i want to HULK smash things
thats for sure
Cool..will check it out in a bit.
At bball
Snuggies kinda suck in the summer.
kind of strange mixture of Classical  'Rock Opera'..I like 'Tie your mother down'..kicks !!
...people are considering the source.
Cannot wait for Madmen!
Yea Sixers!!!!
Come on home baby!!!
Its time to spring forward!
Dont forget to move your clocks ahead an hour before you go to sleep on Saturday night.
Just made reso at borgne a la for my birthday Mar.1 as we celebrate in NOLA...
I've got my eye on that coconut bread pudding!
tech RT : Tons of people here at ECHS SWFL  Employers  Students 
I'll be in there for Bleu.
Hangover  sun  OUCH.
I could have warned you had you asked.
Things I learned growing up in PHX.
I 311'd a pothole in scripps ranch and just saw it was filled!!
Yay!
Hopefully Bollers next int is a touchback.
Go see tonight at the 92Ytribeca.
Wish I could go!
The best way to baby proof your house is to wear a condom.
No prob  The contest looks interesting :3.
I'm about to eat this jawn I got you later on this week
Taco Tuesday!!!
5 cent tacos for the night!!
guys who actually want a relationship and treat girls right are so much more attractive.
...and firms must do so to stop high gas prices leading to higher costs at the cash register.
you know your lazy when its 4:30 pm and you're still wearing pajamas
Thanks!
At least I have my own Youtube show?
;
: does vodka count?
haha...vodka always counts always.
To bad u didnt bring some here, im having the same problem
TWITCH CALLED OUT JAKE THIS SAT.
AFTER JAKES MOM CAME TO THE MM TENT TALKIN SMACK, JAKE DID NOTIN HAHAHA I HAD FRNT ROW SEATS
Missed you this year at sobcon in Chicago!
i didnt at all!!!
So say them here, on twitter.
I get it.
You hate Emken...convince me why I should.
good ain't good enough.
FINALLY, some flavor change up at Porter Square, welcome back the veteran Lychee flavor, lip smackingly tart!
Wud uppers twitter peeps........wat u got goin on today..I'm feelin better today all need is my ride
is going to be on the Ellen show today..And I have to go take freakin math tcap:
what's going on?
Irritated as fuck!!!
Thanks guys for the follow!
Have an awesome day all!
R.I.P.
to the Godfather of GoGo
You may have won today's battle doughnut, but I vow to win the war!
I hope to see you tonight 7pm when speaks to the Hispanic Democrat Club!
3720 Farragut Av 3rd floor, Kensington
the 26th!
Can u make it?!
Just throwing this out there: GI Joe MMORPG.
Can someone make that happen?
Can I kick it!?
2ThingsIAppreciate Tom Sellick's mustache and mermaids
Hello world!
you gotta pay double tonight huh?
That is too funny!
I told my son the tooth fairy doesn't pay for dirty teeth..
brush!!
Aw, man!
Some jerkwad broke the sink flower pot in the median.
Brewers baseball kicks off today, lets go Crew!
One of the benes of the DU gym is checking out the latest in high school tees: AP European History 2010, mister Montgomery.
kids' names.
Horror movie because...?
Of how the Indigo Girls are playing?
um...like have you started the count down?
Exciting!
I stay high as fuck
Its good...I'm just watching the games for now.
What do you have planned for today?
Hey guys.
Make sure you follow the new spot opening in Lincoln Park
Today is the last day of our jewelry clearance event.
Chat live until 4pm ET if you have any questions.
come back!
We need to get birthday doctornks with !
so it is
shits fucking comedy It's purple on the end of it
Wish my day was going better...
OMG  He is adorable!
Never again will I have a 5 hour energy shot and a rockstar together.
I'd sell my soul to Anna Wintour to be at
Indianapolis Colts39; Andoctorw Luck heads back to Stanford
I hate you
FUK WIT MY GURL FOLLOW HER OR FALL OFF :
I did this yesterday with largely positive results.
Next time, I'll tweak a bit.
Fun inclass assignment.
And what was it for, the swimming pools The highways, the ballgames in the dusk On the battlefield A time we were so foolish and so young.
pretty good.
things are insane right now, but i think i'll make it out of the school year alive
you could write them prank rejections...
Working on it.
Tonight could be your calling card.
New York here you come?
Yea I'm gonna have another, more comprehensive discussion with her for sure.
Thanks
I just earned the Meathead badge on Yelp!
playing the game w/ my seessssteeeerrr 333
but not today becuz my boyfirend come down here
WI billionaire's business pays zero dollars in state taxes, gives 500K to Walker, wants to crush worker's rights.
This is wrong.
Limited 100 general admission presale still available at all CRAVE locations but they are going fast!!
Charles Mingus, bassist, composer, Angry Man of Jazz, born 22 April 1922 He came  walked up 4 studio flights so I could photograph him
Wow, 10 assists in 15 minutes is really impressive.
Easier to rack 'em up when surrounded by three future halloffamers, though.
I can't believe I made the grave mistake of not already following Met her at foodprt.
The girl can cook!
Check out her blog.
Headoctorst Car DVD Players  Dont Buy Until You Watch this List  headoctorst dvd player
but I didn't even try I just hit reply to you..
lol
You guys in DC?
Thanks Mitch I would've had a great day if Miami did not blow that 15 point lead !
Monday Night Ravens 9 buy.5 looks good
lol, no threats
: Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
What did the medivac study at college?
Pleased to have opportunity to speak to Gen.
Fed.
Of Womens Clubs Appreciate their support!
Got an elder person in your house???
Tell them to come get their wheelchair cleaned for free right now!!!
Swinging 101 presented by Jason, owner of SwingFest and his wife for over 16 years Russy.
Don't miss this seminar at Swingfest 2010!
mcdonalds breakfrast goes nice with a hangover..
Thank you, sir!
when are you going to make it in?
EVERYbody has moodswings.
TheTruthIs, the world is just full of crazy ass people.
lol.
xD
Great song for the soul
Review: The First Rule of Ten is an engrossing and offbeat mystery about a unsettled young man who is trying to attain serenity.
..
I guess I should quit twitter.
And facebook.
And babysitting.
And life in general if I want to get through this month.
She sucks at sucking!
lol
happy birthday!
:
Our randomly selected winner of two free tickets to our October 8th show is !
There's a girl talking on her phone, riding in the quiet car  you can barely even hear her.
Awesome!
This loud pollack needs to learn ...
Looking for a game testing job that will enhance your skills?
Then, check this job post
the investment of your time to talk to supporters and generally listen to feedback is quite simply amazing.
Much respect!
Quasi frivolous suit : I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed ...
But yes, that's the basic premise.
He has 1/2 C talent and plays as checker with us.
pot stickers are wannabe dumplings.
wheniwasacrab misterEllis had the piccolos n clarinets do the back that thang up dance infront the whole band lol
And I'm pretty sure or we're probably involved the other time as well
RT : Discussed the Chen case The publicdiplomacy fallout will be on perceptions of human rights in...
We're working on it!
:
the MAX I would never suggest it.
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Vilma is really suing Goodell for defamation...this is going to get ugly and FAST.
back from courthouse  mcdonalds w/ Blake.
now 2 get ready 4 basketball practice w/ Logie.Blake said all his ABCs to the courtofficer today
Like a Troll?
Somewhere in Norway?
Because I'm actually starting to think they exist.
How 'bout some more tour pics?
Woke up this morning to find Aero's first tooth poking through!
I'm mixed, although, i have been looking for 1 more iOS notification on my device.
tie in some open graph  yum
Marmots: Here are entered works on several species of marmots.
OomfNeedsTo realize where home is at 
Spyware at work.
Nice.
As much as I love the idea of porn sites popping up at random, it's making it difficult to get anything done.
I agree.
I also think he would doctorve a Camero.
Happy mm all you musicheads out there.
Any suggestions?
I'll be in Seattle, my new hometown, probably at the Space Needle watching fireworks.
Eating old halloween candy.
Interesting after tastes...
This cant be good.
Ahaha.
that's exactly what he did.
I finally set up a dedicated FTP server but I've only got 150gn right now lol
Working  Lavalette office this morning.
Then meeting in Dunbar this afternoon.
don't know
I have some venture for you aswell man, Get back with me !
We all have 168 hours a week  no more, no less.
Are you making the best use of your 168?
If not, why not?
At the stroke of midnight everyone said Happy New Year!
I said Happy Hanna Montana!
I just wanted to be the first to say it this year.
add Pedoctor too but i wouldn't put him over those 3
assuming you have already garnered the appropriate training, that is.
Alright.
No more tweets until Tuesday.
Shutting down for communicationshutdown.org
Im cold like a midnight in Aspen.
good point xD
People who create their own doctorma, deserve their own karma.
Ha!
Observing childoctorn with
This must be what Jennifer Aniston experienced when she heard Brad and Angelina were getting married.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Damn bro : Get better soon man, hopefully its nothing to harsh.
That's very cool.
Thanks for sharing.
Calvin Klein, you magnificent wizard.
We just made our Capon reservations!
Not an issue, im not running for pres ifIwerelesbian  if I was running, i'd marry a girl just to make it interesting

Afraid of you?
Hahaha and you were 25 missed calls from my mom ...
mines was great i missed you too 3
And yet they all have those annoying seeds RT : Well they do have several different fruit versions of Newtons now
WOW!!!!!!!!!
Just finally caught up on the last 3 episodes of HouseOfLies.
UNBLIEVABLE SHOW!
You know it's hard to turn down business but it feels good when you do it for their best interest.
yes!
My mom and I will both be there : Are you?
When I just want to look at your face 
i deserve a follow back because everywhere I go ppl think is real and I stand up 4 you and tell them to follow you
maestrosays get up to the studio.
ASAP.
Celebrate St.
Patrick's Day with savory corned beef and cabbage at Daily Grill  tomorrow only!
Smurfs taste like chicken but give you bad gas...
Dennis Dixon should start if Ben cant go imo.
You can provide all the tools needed to succeed to someone.
Only they can make the decision to commit to themselves to be successful.
PeopleShouldStop acing better than everyone else.!
I don't want manning.
Tebow better stay.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
The Annapolis Area Sonic is opening in a little over a week.
3106 Solomons Island Rd., Edgewater
Yes, I would consider it.
My car sits idle on weekdays in my garage.
I'm trolling their Help sections to see how I really feel...
Meet w/ team doctorvers, Meet w/ Crewchief, time alone to chill and focus
Seriously is it really going to be like this all season?
Everytime Braun touches the ball they boo?
Just got home from a great Doc HoneyPunch show at 12th and Porter.
Got booked instantly for Bowling Green, KY.
Had an absolute BLAST playing the Bluebird Cafe and with ....definitely more shows to come!
I like the playdough idea
Thank you all for being patient with me on my first ever twitterchat.
needs a Tardis.
It's about scaring the shit out of every nerve in our body, but pushing forward anyway.
So for the next few years I have more competition for jobs to secured healthcare, but they're still separate.
Great.
JUST opened sale of over 50 off special for Now, I can sit back and watch results of the Iowa Caucuses come in.
GREAT day!
woohoo, i am so excited!I expect a personalized message on my complimentary signed poster ;D i tease,i tease.it'd be cool tho!
O theres a bonus to no one here!
Close parking;
jus sayin in your pic you got the lip position down packed.lol
some of that stuff is actually quite funny
One day Im going to get a nose job.
Thinking about how different it feels to pray to Goddess rather than God...hm...
The Spring Release party for our fab Spring 2012 Issue is Friday!
Food, live music  readings by Steve Adams, Stu Dearnley  Darren Jackson!
Where you at ?
Every muscle in my body is flicking me off right now.
Want to win tickets to see band Real Estate with on Friday?
Share and retweet, so your entered into the doctorwing.
Woody Allen is just the thing then!
what is going on with u tonight lol smh??
I'm looking foir a GOP caucus that's expecting a high turnout for a story.
Tweet some ideas PLEASE.
Little squirrels with her.
Style Gets a Boost
IKR I just heard a week ago that RayJ and WhitneyHouston might be close with each other now this....
eat it
All recent pending orders were shipped today!
Expect packages to arrive shortly for those of you who have been waiting.
haha that's awesome, can't believe it.
Should be illegal.
Hey!
RT: Bev Perdue really isn't that bright is she?
Tonight NC took away civil rights she already voted to take away?
WTF?
I agree
Going to tour my doctoram college this summer: University of Pennsylvania 3
...read a book bitches.
i seriously can't get over how damn funny is.
fine just ignore me that's cool!!
Avoid 435 EB from State Line to the 3 trails crossing.
really?!?!
That's odd.
Maybe that's why you moved there.
You REALLY SHOULD GET ONE!
:/
When a totally random person insults someone you hate and you're like, Guess I just found my new best friend.
Whew, been a busy holiday.
Is it still Monday?
Can't believe it's September already.
Thank you Dorothy, that is so appreciated!
I am so blessed to have such wonderful fans and friends like YOU!
Have a blessed day!
Though I'd hesitate to call it an excuse.
He lives in a superscience universe.
There's almost definitely a better solution.
got it off today!!
Whoop whoop!!
Hopefully I'll practice in a couple of days :
Watched Exit Through The Gift Shop with Banksy.
Now sporting sideburns a civil war survivor would be proud of.
Congrats to on achieving his 1 ranking.
Well deserved.
ThanksI wasn't!
I was off on what was, I suppose, the most professorundly affecting experience of my life LT heads to the middle east, WW1
Epic beginning to North Shore weekend: saw a wolf and got 2 growlers from Castle Danger brewery.
So good!
could the same be said for fish?
Let's cut the reindeer games  no one talks about Mulan because her hair was flat.
THERE, I said it!
Wait for a sign from Gozer the Traveller; he will come in one of the prechosen forms.
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for
I've dealt wit that guy long enough lol
Lips was hella doctor today lol
lets go bayern!!!
We're going to attend Return to Forever w/ Zappa Plays Zappa in Nashville, TN tonight.
I believe they'l be serving a main entree of fusion
At Neal Wyatt's reader's advisory workshop this morning.
.
.
Good stuff!
Thats right!
Finally found it :
Cant believe it's Christmas Eve.
Tomorrow!
:
IDontNeedALoveSong could sing me the white pages.
Great Show Tonight!
Upsidedown in Bryant Park
WhyDoPeople have to hurt, bully, talk shit, chastize others?
Why not heal, befriend, socialize, uplift others?
Oh candy corn...you are addicting...
Thanks to everyone that came out dancing last night!
Your welcome!
Glad to see you're keeping busy.
We have to get you more shows.
Follow me again so I can send u a DM.
way to go jillian.
I am running my first 1/2 in two months
56 won't take a job that bans social media
Life Is Life.
Live It Right Or When You Die You Wont Be Left With Success.
Mistakes Are Mistakes.
But Try To Change them before it to late.
We'd go to LAvist our studios, the ocean  RT : If you had a one way ticket on where would you go?
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
It's probably totally useless to note this, but I think I could get up to 1000 followers before the end of the year.
So stoked for some new songs, a new direction, and making things weird.
There's more to life than what I've seen I must keep exploring
thanks for the follow!
;
haha, It's crazy!!!
I hate coming back home to work here on the weekends!
I'm having some friends come into town next weekend, and of course we want to go out and party.
RT : American gas stations now make more money selling food than gasoline.
via Seriously.
Flip flop what u smoking???
Bulls going to win chill !!!
Flip flop joker!!!
I think the 6 of us got a preview when u were on d mic.RT :Just got2 Personally feelin very  tonightexcited to play.
that is awesome!!
do you know any other socal fans?!
:D
Thinking Kale Ale is going to be the next big thing
Resigning Gogi would be tricky.
With KMart's contract, DM can't take on another 10 mil/yr deal w/o it hurting chance to sign big FA.
Start the clock
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil.
Plato
Justin JonesFosu will be our guest speaker for tomorrow's Toastmasters meeting.
For details please send a message or visit the website....
love your work  looking forward to meeting you !!
Gosh can't take this shit anymore
Spending the day quoting clients for imprinted promotional products Enjoy your Saturday!
sorry you are sick
haha hey Chris!!!!!
: I'm waving back right now!!!
According to the dentist my teeth are 'pretty'...
back on Thursday, short trip!
How long you here for???
You, Jake and I need to hang!
lol whats wrong w/ Atherton .
I used to go there .
It's not just the ladies..
is another celeb who will never starve himself to look good for a part again...
Kudos to him!!
oh wow I had no idea he was already injured!
He should totally sue, loss of potential earnings and all.
Ok no more tweeting for now, time for business lol i got ur mafia name two timing thoubinator lol
Nothing makes me want to visit a city more than seeing 's tearyeyed approval.
thanks.
Dissertation has been relatively lonely time for me.
Very glad for family  friends!
Thanks so much for visiting Visit us again soon  enjoy your cannolis!
We'll have to doctornk ourselves into another dimension when I come back!!
great interview and performance on Howard Stern.
You got a new fan.
TY
hey I send friend request on game center and wanna meet ps I'm a mahomy
I'm officially a proud cancer survivor!
I BEAT CANCER!
if you click on my name you can't access FB as me can you?
Does nobody out there know anybody buying up full tilt money?
The heat vs knicks series features 3 of my least fav players bron melo and baron
im here in Ohio,  its 11 degrees, bro you cant be freezing:
Ridin39; for a reason: Event raises funds for public safety scholarships
best sentance of the article Well, screw that.
We need some new heroes.
cc:
wimp.
You said you like running more anyway hahaha.
Thinking about taking that one back now?
Haha
you caught that!
Ha!
miss you too!
Well I'm not going to school :
Today is a 'spicy tuna for lunch' Friday.Bring it, salmonella.
10 hours of globe and now I write my name backwards
Do, or do not.
There is no try.
Big thanks to  for their lovely Morning Records for Night Owls  the Faint of Heart work in No.2.
I keep sayinig impressive on both sides but it is: Ducks convert turnover to Tuinei touchdown, 4238 Ducks lead to start 4th.
Feels so hot out!
loveit 
Airwalk literally rock my socks!
Isaac's friend Patrick made a creamy jalapeo dip that was pretty close to the real thing!
He's obsessed with Chuy's.
check out .
his music is hot we have been working with him from the beginning and watched him grow in2 a icon.
so proud
So twitter has a tweet, follow, AND DM limit?!
like, wtf??
Is that right?
So glad that the Midwest is finally catching up to the east coasts obsession with frozen yogurt
article is awesome as usual!!!!
s/o to Atlanta girls p.s stay trill
NCNNEED COFFEE NOW!!
Ima be honest..
Im ready ta be back in Orlando.
I also love my best friend!
Hey B!
Things could be much better, on the eve of my birthday.
But life goes on and I'm hangin in there.
Thanks for checkin!
Thanks for following back.
You are wonderful.
thanks.
i'm excited about it.
it's kind of like books on tape.
Spent the day researching literary agents.
Quite a few look interesting, which is good b/c not all of them are going to love me.
Really?
How am I bored?
Its Friday smh
It seems some people have a filter in their brain that tells them don't say that.
where can I get one of these??
hope we can shoot together in the near future
Awesome day :
Officiating a wedding tonight.
Time is on your side.
I don't know you well enough to give advice, exc 2 say that this feeling occurs even IN great relationships.
If y'all females don't stop fucking fighting ima whoop both of y'all little assess!
We just got done with our Photoshoot with Chris Martin, lookin great.
www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
Thanks!
Needless to say we're pretty excited!!
the entire breakfast club is crazy.
Thata remix is some funny s I have to listen to ita every morning.
: Downtown1 Coors bottles, live band, and no cover for college students
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened.
Mark Twain
MillerCoors aims to ramp up mobile marketing efforts to engage consumer base.
www.zesmo.com
No school for me today hahaaa!
Sleeping in.
Warm bed.
Fuzzy PJ's.
You mad!
Ted ginn jr.
A niner huh
Twittering about twirling: Observations on Diablo Ballet39;s March 2 39;tweet seats39;
MeMyBigSissy are STC Elite cheerleaders!
Watching GranTorino again : One of my fav movies!
ClintEastwood will always be my hero
Oh what a week.
Rain, Thunder, Lightning, Flash Flood Warnings, and an Earthquake!
People who think it's always about them 
Nope, just providing information about politician's fundoctorising.
Fact aren't hate.
Is there something to hide here?
ERMERGERD I'M GETTING MORE SUNNEH DEE.
hey guys, i decided to go to Applying Open Source to Any Business, sitting behind and
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock The Best Person To Train You...Is The Person Your Serving.
RT : Yield curves and inflation expectations in Global Economic Environment this morning
What a BEAUTIFUL day in Colorado!
How are you soaking up the sun today?
RT : Happy Easter!
Christ is risen!
God bless all of you as he continues to bless the United States of America!
999take from the poor and give to the rich.Sounds like a recipe to guaranty a Democratic victoy.So, I am endorsing Cain for the nomination.
Thx for checking in!
LOVE being able to suspendquit then launchresume.
Most ondemand friendly VM experience ever!
IVY: The default for academic settings is public.
Does this allow a safe space for uncomfortable conversations that must happen?
for real!?
Oh that's song is totally not gay!!!
Woof.
No threat sums it up
Twitter is far superior to Facebook...
but I still haven't quite mastered it.
Twitter tutor
Love when I get random texts that say: did I just see you on tv?!
HaHa why yes you did!
:
thanks will do let's keep the energy moving forward
I guess it's a no for my amp to be plugged in right now ;;.
My dad is Not gonna buy the ingredients to help make my mom Chicken Alfredo 
oh wait I won't be there Monday could I email it to you?
To the mother's everywhere....have a Happy Mother's Day!
Mother's Day 2012
Aw that's so sweet the way you call me babe, But just tell me how many girls you have said that 2...
i wish i could let go but i cant idk Y?
Just finished watching all the episodes of HowIMetYourMother on Netflix.
Vacation well spent.
Congrats Modern Family cast!
Kids did a great job accepting.
That moment when you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at that person and laugh again.
Maintaining corporate culture has to be a challenging when you start grown from a small team to large staff
slips onto campus, coffee in hand
had some very promising meetings today with a few new clients...
now back to editing!
Werd.
I didn't know you were in town.
I got you.
I don't recommend staying at Caesar's Palace.
The worst customer service I have ever had at any hotel and every employee has been rude!
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
Peace Pilgrim
hi cuzz!!
What u up to these days?
For sure!
Hopefully we can find a innovative way to keep the students engaged.
Still love that idea of yours!
she's great thanks for asking!
my tweets would be a lot funnier if i was famous
on my phone x
Why is it so hard to save money :
Why do I always see a black midget at pet palace?!
I get on twitter so u can know my thoughts.
When I feel like sharing them
Feel better!
: RT : Been sick the past two days so haven't been tweeting /: probably won't be tweeting much today either
You meet so many awesome educators from around the world and find resources you wouldn't find otherwise!
RT Now we show our respect for TroyDavis w/ 1 hr of silence You are a true martyr May your journey be well The wrld is w/ you
If Ellsbury only played once every 5 days, would you consider him MVP material?
Don't blame the voters.
MLB needs a rule change.
it really is cool!
glad to see a kid get the message!
well looks like our pitching isn't gonna do so hot against the best offense in the league...
Thank you!
Motivating ourselves to eat healthy  exercise is a neverending task, no matter what we weigh.
Merry Christmas!
yep.
I sure am.
are u going to wacth the brits awards
Dear Bumpass Hounds, 5:30?
Really?
What was it  the wind, a squirrel, or a puff of dust?
Knock it off!
Me.
omg chris snaps told me your car was nice but shit you better whip that around the Stahle house this summer!
I love Mint Condition's Someone to Love.
Jamming MC while my Mythology students take their exam.
morningmusic is the one and only:
So who out there has a Tumblr?
Is the verb to tumble?
Or rather, to tumbl?
Is the past tense I tumbld?

Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen.
thanks, Alan.
Still have your fire analogy in my head!
G'morning to you too.
Sure wish we were watching you as the Super Bowl QB tonight.
Was still a great season tho  thx.
wow, my apology, please accept.
Wont send anything again!
Today is going to be a stressful yet great day oan: World Civ II exam at 8am.
what are you looking to buy?
hope you're doing okay mama
im thankful for chris brown who brought joy and peace to the world in our hearts 3
why are you sorry for what
Rare to see celebs NOT on Twitter.
Looked for Spike Jonze  Karen O tweets on Maurice Sendak death, to no avail.
Good luck
I cannot bring myself to have a single optimistic feeling about that movie.
I hope you can change my mind!
hahahaha!!!
What can I say, I get a little excited sometimes!
GCB fans get your tickets to the IntheArtoftheCity event and After Party!
is hosting!!
ITAOTC 05.03.12
Boy, I wish I could : Who is going to Miami?
I'll be there!
Last day to enter Katy Trail 5k captainon Contest!
Box of Magic Cookies could be yours!.
Like Biosanes.
Comment under fave pic.
Okay.
always tells me that I look like David Archuleta kind of.
Is this true?
I've heard it from a few people lately.
oh lord that would have been a bigger scene LMAO
Tony Parker and Antonio may not play.
Good workout.
time to get ready  hit up the Southside .
my fb is acting up
I wish we'd thought to have you on to talk about it.
Are you ever free around 11am ET on Sundays?
400 each!!
that's 2,000 words!!
plus resume  cover letter...
Thanks hun, what's new with yah?
Thanks for retweeting and listing us!
:
Yay!
RT : Were almost at 100k followers!
Help us hit the big number and well open up the NYMag freebie closet.
Wait...Jaymz is in the midst of playing 3 Irish pubs in 3 days in 3 different cities?....someone please put out an APB..
I'd slap you, but that might be considered animal abuse.
Hey, so really skinny ppl can wear a big belt buckle  sit at a table for hours, and not have it hurt them?
you're welcome, but I gotta make sure that gets the props for the Yogi Berra pizza quote.
Lmao my mom just said Wade got brand new after he won the championship
Lol these folks at church are too funny
Although I'm a diehard Celtics fan, good luck tomorrow.
goodmorning Austin: Just heard your new song, amazing!
Great job Austin: I love it!!
3
Thanks for all the follows everyone!
As soon as we can follow more of you, we will!
www.myhelpfullinks.info
it was SO great to share this weekend with you.
Seriously wonderful!
xoxo :
Best way to understand how games can promote social change?
Play one!
Games available anytime in Resource Central at
eating vegetable soup whilist watching eat delicious jersey shore grub.
so jearous
God I can never get Greyson to follow me you are lucky
nerdlife is good
Met some good people.
Learned some good info.
Lot to think about
now i reached 2010 directs in 2010 cool thanks to all my new stringers you guys rock!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm always strapped
just went outside and farted.
Even the streaming playlist on 's website goes hard!
He is gonna tear up once again on Friday!
thanks: I know.
Tigers winning by 4, feels like it's tied...
If you missed it, we will be taking donations at www.themutes.com through 5/31 for Jim DeBroux who suffered a spinal injury.
Please give!
sleep deprived.
Don't stay up all night!
thanks for the help.
:D
im so depressed right now an I dont wanna buy a replacement wit the 5 comin out
I'm nosy, I'll follow you.
Love, Ush
yes amen.
I pray we all have a greater hunger and thirst for Him.
More Him.
You got it thanx for sharing it with us.
doctornking tea.
I wanna fucking leave my house
I knew I should have done
Thanks to 4 talking Baseball  and likin anybody who plays the Dodgers!
FirstEdition knew we liked u 4 a reason
Just had to help a senior patron with a nowifi Kindle ebook download.
Ridiculous!
He'll never download another ebook.
1st thought: I knew there was a reason I dug The Brooke Baldwin.
2nd thought: Just once?
We need to add to that total, asap.
Whenever I see the word utilize I am morally offended.
Personal pet peeve.
Zach
Woohooo finally!
Now time to go Occupy a bar with my Bartab app hahah!
I love 1 doctornks!
Who wouldn't?
Overheard in JP: Aw, man.
I am so hungover.
Me too.
You know what I want?
No, what?
Fake chicken.
I sure will.
I haven't Been home since Christmas
Well its time to take this check and do what I do best.....
hey.
Nice face.
when Bush as in 2.50 was to much for gas not some are saying 4.00 might be a good thing.
WTF are these Dems smoking?
Yeah, to complement Frank Gore and the leagues best defense.
Sweet.
nice during the summer yes, winter not so much
had me at Buffalo.
check your DM!
: 
Just seen Anjoli, she's still fine even with her kid

we tracked it awhile back with his white DW sparkle kit.
Man that thing is yummy
but all the cool kids will hate it because it's
tag him, then.
Wow.
They're playing like me.
hey...
sharing is caring.
:D
So it begins today, the best time of year.
The NCAA Tourney...
GO mubb Make me proud, once again I've got you winning it all.
Yessir RT : This series gonna be crazy
i'm sorry but I hate when I let my friends borrow my stuff ONCE then they keep using it.
most annoying thing ever.
I need a doctornk..
im bored and this insomnia sucks!
No prob, thanks for hosting us!
Glancing at my travel schedule for the next FY and breathing a sigh of relief...
it's a lot less hectic.
just watched the buzzer beater for the win
calm the fuck down everyone
I have seen little boys both ways, one ear ring and two ear rings, just like you see many men doing these days.Most men have 2
Bar customer told me he knows I like guys w/ faux hawks because I'm wearing a belt.
If that's not reading into fashion I don't know what is.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isnt being said.
Peter F.
doctorcker
Ever accept a facebook request from a cousin you don't know all that well then realize they are the most crass ghetto person?
is a very happy girl; 3
Just heard on news: Bank of America no longer biggest.
Power to the PEOPLE.
I am furious.
I go to sleep Boo.
WOW FUCK U UGH
what?!
they need to stay home for much longer, this is too much for them :
you can do it!
How about a stationary bike.
Only allow yourself to watch MadMen if you are exercising!
you are so nice.
: thx 4 listening.
Im serious...hang inthere
MILLIONS of football related brain injuries childoctorn suffer EVERY year aren't accidents They R results of adults learning on the job.
haha.
Good idea.
But im going to hiphop soon so xD :
IfYouRap and your girl is the only one talkin bout your music on Facebook...YOU DO NOT HAVE A STREET TEAM!
When reading your wife's rez, make sure you don't think everything is GREATnWONDERFUL.
Might be doing you and your spouse a disservice.
how could u hate me im me
even asking to speak to a sergeant about how we can work together
Turnt up dumb high right now
Who's that bitch looking at me?
Nan, you're just looking in the mirror..
Just received my registrant clearance from The Bar....
Time to celebrate!
Opening up this week at club galaxy in maywood, ca.my first edm club.Im so excited.I need all my supporters there.I will really appreciTe it
Crystall gon' show you things you're not supposed to see.
didnt tweet much yesterday!
Im still waiting to know what she did yesterday that was one of the coolest day's ever!
:
Hi  any tips for Mexico All Inclusives?
We have to make that happen, soon!
Thanks!
I just optimized my Pinterest with Bacon !
Hm...
pretty sure that although a twitpic of boobs would get us attention, most of our female clients might get a bit upset.
Maybe.
I hope you spin your remix of Sweet doctorams!
let me kno after u Watch it.
The Planaarium
Are you listening to late night dedications on 94.9 again?
Enjoyed seeing my friend perform tonight in Hollywood!
improv Also special shoutout to team Medium Cool.
Hilarious!
:
so I'm really going to tomorrow land.
end of story belgium here I come.
There are 27million slaves in the world today.
That's more than anytime in history.
Naturally this is happening on an evening I actually sorta kinda feel like talking
thinking, studying, listening to music...
What restaurants would you like to see specials from this summer?
I'm sitting here listening to Keep Calm and Carry On and eating Ben  Jerry's ice cream.
Hot af and its only 6 in the mornin
wut the crap everyone's been tellin me that and it REALY creeping me out and idk wut to do?!!:/ thanks for tellin me..advice needed
First show: May 11th   multimedia event with music, art, video, and more.
I find it impossible to study on the weekend, at home, during the playoffs smh
not digging the new trend towards services that require invites.
moves us further away from democratic web IMHO.
CHRISBROWN I LOVE U
What do you suggest to make the videos compelling ?
This dude just got up and pull his underwear out his ass in this lady face and sat back down.
: actually happy.
Someone got into an unlocked gray car, in front of a home in Alamogordo, and stole a checkbook from it.
No suspects, but that will change.
stop it with the Norris cole stuff.
He's an nba rotation guy only
Now hiring
: nowever How do you know you're watching MadMen?
They can afford to use actual Beatles songs.
That's how.// good point
yep, it was a blast!
Moving customers thru checkout process efficiently, courteously: every retailer's objective.
CPS releases QuikLine for automated queuing!
I kno I have to come and get u
I skied at Breck a week ago.
Love that place.
Nice snow.
o when u got class then
Y do dis lady set up business meetings nd den she neva here to meet wit da ppl
Play defense and offense simultaneously womcc negativecomments 
Ive got the moves like jagger.
LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin.
follow bro thats my new pg
holy fuck, dude.
Your professorle pic is SO FUCKING HOT.
Also I love you.
:
he is THAT cute.
My aunt was all like omg tell me what happens bcus she knew it was going to be a surprise :D
help means i get pointed to documentation that might assist me in solving my problem.
I wonder if will ever follow me  im going to give up...
I love u jb
: I want to get the kind of doctornk that can only be referred to as   type of doctornk Glad that's a thing
it brings back so many memories and makes me realize that once he gets famous it will never be like that ever again
thanks for everything you did for the bbn!
Cross my heart I hope you die, left by the roadside.
Karma's a bitch, right?
and so are you3
really like the sanits...but gotta love Farve!
what a story...
really??!?!
Why not?
RT : Man!
Who you telling with them braids!
No one with braids is consistently successful lmao,
Back looking for great deal and helpful links to pass along to my followers.
Okay I admit that sounded strange.
Like I have 'follower'.
Haha
Doubt the Caps will be able to win two straight games.
Ughh this day sucked.
Is anyone out there considering Mendeley Institutional?
Seems really pricey for what you get, but wanted to hear other opinions ..
Uh oh.
Man down!
LoL nothing wrong with that!
Hm him as an intellectual bad boy on Mad Men!
What's left of brain oozes out
What I would give for a Salad...
We should have a string telephone from my room to yours.
just thought of that cause i was wondering if i'd hear your music.
See No More is a fucking classic!
I love the Jonas Brothers.
glad we had a seat open at the Cool bloggers table :
All booked up again, thanks.
Will repost if a seat becomes available.
Food dude tonight after the game, enjoy some green chili, or a Philly.
Sold out of both last night.
This is the real deal folks!
just said it was okay to have an open relationship so I can marry too.
Going to leave for Las Vegas today:
When did you figure that out?
I think I was a director by the age of 8 or 9.
Knew it by 14.
:
All of them!
RT : Who has been on ?
Which cruise would you recommend?
Will do, Mika.
Thanks very much.
You and the family are welcome anytime.
Keep us n ur prayers and we will do the same 4 u
U and all the other males who look down their noses at women playing hoops.
RT Than me personally?
That goes without saying :
I hope everyone that came last night tells a friend and brings another friend.
See yall next week
What's up man we would love to submit trax for radio...
The Orphanz
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
Totally!!
Where at?
awhhhhhhhh c: hah.
dude.
i think im going to cry if i cant go : i miss you guys!!
hard to imagine living 13 years like that, but it had to a difficult decision to surrender.
RT Ok Aikman we know you LOVE Eli and want to have his baby.
haha : how is/was your day?
Just wondering....has crept into my heart, mind, and soul?
already know baka chan.
That's why I told u lol
Any1 live in Michigan??
A willingness to learn always comes through in an interview or an email.
Seems so simple.
Tim Tebow must be feeling like the 7th beer in a sixpack right now
Yep, thats where it's from!
I wrote the quote in 2009  put it on a shirt in my shirt shop.
In 2011, it took off thanks to..
If your talking behind my back, your in a good position to kiss my ass.
That was great!!
Yup...
I'm not the best of catholics :3
Roll this up after you hit it once you'll need a parachute!!
So when are you going to do a reddit AMA?
keep preaching Tony!
That means when he gets called up you need to make the trip to Seattle and go to a game!
:
lol I miss you sweetness!
Hope you are fantastic despite the broken bus.
Lol
It's party time!!
Stop by 68pm for a Zipster HH.
1st doctornk or meal is on us!
Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get 75 DC
The lunch?
I'd probably say 11:30 to be safe?
I arrive 10:43 United airlines.
You may have different opinions of Season 1.
It may have improved with age.
UGH!
This is bugging me as much as it's bugging you b/c I think it would be fun if we ALL went.
It'd be so much fun!
where is my fish I haven't forgot about that..Lol
Congrats to ...
Yesterday was her first day as Marketing Intern for the 2012 season...
IM DEAD SERIOUS BECAUSE HE SHOW OUT INFRONT OF MF'S THAT CANT DO SHIT FOR HIM!
New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts!
Stop in and check it out.
Great call!
RT : Recommend: having Pandora whip you up a mix based on GirlTalk.
New discovery: Ratatat.
If I'm in my office, and you are in your office, and I can hear your email arrive, it is too loud.

Anyone who's never been hurt in love, is either very lucky or very lonely
O King of Nations, come and save us!
I'm game whenever you gals are!!
Just say when!
I've got most of the ingredients!
Bro I got some DJ gigs available with my company...Paid Travel to Miami, St.Louis, Cali, etc.
etc....On Weekends....Get  me
you called it!
Darren Sproles making a difference already!
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
My mom is doctornk, she's really funny haha.
everyone we did it!
She's pregnant
If only your ears weren't cauliflowered.
I am Habte...2012 RT  Just saw at Logan airport.
Who's running the city while she's gone?
i am not perfect; i am not my mistakes.
when I'm weak, He is strong.
Why can't you understand that that's not freaking okay?!
Stoked!
RT  Doing an interview for SPIN magazine.
Shout out too the president!
New York sports talk just keeps bringing up Chris Kreider and BC hockey  this really is a thrill for me to hear
Ikr.
He dnt I would be really hurt
Off to Providence, RI today for a great adventure!
we're gonna chat with this Thursday...
any questions you guys have for them??
has no integrity as a journalist.
Willing to criticize, yet can't take it in return.
This is getting ridiculous.
Stop calling penalties and let the teams play!
Had a wonderful time Hope to come again next year!!!!
Honors choir audition went really well.
I REALLY want to make this.
Fiscal responsibility must be doctorlled into all governments.
Stop spending beyond your needs.
The film's not perfect but I already wanna buy Sound of My Voice on Bluray just to watch the scene with the Cranberries song over and over.
yup yall gonna burn up
hope all is well mami
It's hard to let go of someone who meant so much to you but the truth is if you meant as much to them you wouldn't have a reasons to let go.
New Orleans.
:
that's huge...its gonna be Friday tho cuz I got finals and won't be home yet
Sounds delicious!
what do you look for in a girl?:
gonna miss you all parents and players!
Tell everyone I said I love and miss them  good luck!
bring home a trophy!!
i need more people for my fan video for and !
help me get more people?
: thanks guys !
:D
Time for NO sleep, energy doctornks, and sloppy notes.
SoraKingdom hearts 3.
Hope Estheim14 years old and somewhat not as cute as first two...but what evs!
did you see samuel eto's goal celebration?
He took a reporters camera and started snapping pictures of his teammates.
so cool dude it's history.
but a tongue ring is.
doctornking a bottle of New Glarus's Totally Naked.
YUM.
Baby chicks are coming!
Baby chicks are coming today at 11!

Fina Get Another Tattoo .
.
mine fits fine and also hides how much of the bottle is gone.
Justin Bieber fans we got good news Justin Bieber Egg Tosser Arrested was arrested today..
read more about the article www.platinumposts.com
marijuana legalization xtra signatures to be turned into on Friday.
Needed 2400 more.
WIll turn in 12,000 plus
Whats up twitter world is amazing:
Treating myself to a few pages of QuietI love that in the middle of describing a visit to Saddleback brings in Proust.
Don't doctornk and doctorve, but always tweet and slide!
SomeWhereOutThere a goofy maug just got on MySpace and he loves it.
You know it's a good hotel when there are bags over the smoke detectors
is she really?!
I didn't know about that.
What is she working in Quinton for?.
Jeff Beck was just plain awesome, last Sat.
night, what a supreme guitarist!
10 minutes away!!
: I used to but my bipolar medicine helps but fuckit ya know?
Anxiety is one of the worsts:
Flying coach?
But you're pretty famous.
How famous do you have to be to at least get business class?
nose goes.
Cookies for breakfast?
Good thinking.
Looks great!
I love the Huskies; They are boss.
:
hah they are amazing in person!
no worries you'll met them!
:D
Why would Bank of America do system upgrades in the middle of the day on the first of the month?
Patience isn't about how long you wait.
It is about how you behave while you wait...Lord have mercy.
Oh!!!
Well I'm no priest WAIT!!!
Some of THEM r worse than ALL of us!...lol
Blow me jeter
B.
Griner  A.
Davis
does it always take you five words to say I?
:
This Twin Peaks show.
I think it could be big.
Just got my tickets!
Never been before, but hearing talk about it was all I needed to convince me it's worth going to
word to my fave new spam follower with the bulk hair spray hookup!
that's not cool.
thank you  thank you!
:
you jus want me cuz im next, you jus want me cuz im next THe Weeknd  love this guy
Hey, at least the Winterhawks won tonight!
Beat Kamloops 41 to take 20 lead in 2nd round Playoff series.
Today is National Potato Chip day!
Celebrate with a yummy bag of our Wise potato chips.
Morning everyone!!
Sprained my ankle last night..soo no workout this morning..dad is coming to check it out..but getting ready for work..
The Greatest Impediment to Trust: FEAR
Ebsco databases are down; it's a problem on the publishers part that they're working on
S/O to the LADYGIANTS Softball team for getting the W against Carmel .
Good job ladies !
Thanks for all those venue names out there.
I'll add them to the list!
Secretary Clinton up next for keg stands...says she doesn't need anyone to hold her up, she can do it herself...
I dont wanna even think how my life would be if and the Boyz didnt exsist.
I saw a dirtier version of today.
I didn't think that was possible.
Ten years ago today, I came to the US to stay 6 months.
The rest is history.
Yes I did.
Good luck Angel!
:
We act like we dont even know eachother anymore.
i want a little brother or sister , i hate being the bby of the fam /
Life, learning to change.
Growing into some special.
Finding the flow.
Creating little miracles through excellence on a human team.
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock  SINGLES Information Is...Conversations Information Is...Explanations.
I would appreciate good vibes for tomorrow...I have my first real job interview for my career
Maybe we can give them a bit of credit for getting us talking even if they haven't been strategic about everything.
Spending the day  USC for the Woody Guthrie 100th bday conference.
The atmosphere makes me feel like the academic I probably shoulda been.
love this!
Will cop for sure!
I doubt you want us raisin hell, because we're way too good at that.
Our Hero loves them both equally.
Happy December!
Tagger here, with my team of PrimaryCallers ready to raise some dollars, euros,  yen for the annual fund!
Just what we like to hear!
RT going to see the Titanic exhibit at the South street Seaport museum!!
not liked you hoped it would be.
Haha so glad you favorited my tweet about the BelAir theme song.
Please tell me you love Prince of BelAir too??
Who was the designer?
An improvement, but too much empty space in the green bubble.
A compact version is needed IMO

RT : I played soccer with my crush today.
Best day ever!
NowPlaying Justin Bieber  Boyfriend
The actual recount process will be fast but Govt Accountability Board says legal challenges could slow down the process.
no one ever is to blame.....
I have no other means, unless alpha wants to doctorve that way :P
awwwh thank you: I'm watching Ghost Hunters : D
Lunchtime Global in the First National Building!
we need it!
Listening to Never Gonna Leave This Bed by Maroon 5...
LOVE IT!
Go get Hands All Over!
I am your newest fan!
Just LOVED you on Leno and I'm a fuckin purist too!!
Loved your realness!
GO GIRL!!!
: A very productive day, no less.
I worked up quite the sweat
Do you ever look at who you're following on TWITTER and say, Who the Fck are all these people and why am I following themm???
Just like last time bad call by the refs that screwed the
Wow.
Very fortunate.
Listening to Brandi Carlile.
Next up with the Symphony.
Wow.
Need some FAB art?
Stop downtown LV tonight at Emergency Arts, new work by MP on display!
getting beeped at by cars you dont know but apparently know you
what ROM/theme are you running?
and on what phone?
Never frown.
Someone could be falling in love with your smile.
waitingwaiting.
hate waiting.
Merry Christmas
EVERYBODY CALL TONKATRUCK
He made me laugh through the whole interview...
what a little adult!
WHO THE HELL ELECTED GROVER NORQUIST 2 ANYTHING?
The only pledge/oath elected offic take is to Constitution
Sometimes I think that no city, before or since, has been so full of color and life as was Chicago in those years before the 1st World War
To make you smile.
That's All I Really Wanna Do D
A true friend would be honest to u even if he/she only known u for a month or 2 they would still care for you 
Top of the morning!
:
Productive trip this week to visit our UK offices.
Staff was extremely courteous and accommodating.
got my dual monitors back on a new mac pro.
live is back at normal speed now
I'm the fuxkin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
Funny.
Onenamer it is!
Do you think if we open a place called Pretentious it would be popular?
;
Rancor: bitter deepseated ill will.
That pretty much describes it.
night, nicole!
m/ I was gonna call what your fam calls you, but idk how to spell that shit.
.
you wouldn't have known her at all but you stalked my fb.
Be real you was stalking hollering at mine
Hey, ypc10 folks, are you following ?
That said, I'm totally picking up that Marshall Tucker Band box.
There was a shooting  loretto hieghts university.
Dont know if anyone is hurt.
Watching now.
Live very close alot of police.
It is indeed.
RT : I hope, at least, this will get people to rethink what signifies a postracial society.
hint  it's not a black president.
Have you registered for tonight's 6 Steps to MASSIVE Results event?
We saved a seat for you.
If not, Register NOW it's FREE!
http
Euro doctorps below 1.30 as gravity takes hold of EU.
US CRE to benefit?
in cre afire forex dow bonds cpa multifamily 
What is your favorite dish for Thanksgiving?
that's dumb.
I understand the concept, but what if u got gps on your phone, how'd they be able to tell...
It's stupid
: Random thought..
But I don't go back to ex's.
They're all gone for a reason..
Reasons that aren't very good.
mistermethod man
A study done in India; states that in order to maintain a Healthy  Happy relationship, one must fight atleast once a week.
HighSchoolMemories the cold ass hot sausages.
And pizza pepperoni or cheese
hey Daniel!
How are you?
Could you email me some media contacts around the Seattle area or blogs?
Thanks a bunch Jeff!
Hey!
Love watchin you guys when I'm back home...
:
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
love the look from the top
Good eventand having you all there was the best part.
But yeah, Im not sure at all that the Bulls are getting past round one.
Doh!
:::::ATTENTION::::: There is a Freakin' Party  NOTTE this Friday and guess who's coming....
the more accurate question: why have you waited so long to order Fri night pizza?
:
oh I do love my boyfriend :
Congrats to on her new manyote!
The characters on HardcorePawn are hilarious!
Desire and need are inexhaustible and renewable forms of energy, with pipelines from you to Madison Avenue.
Great to meet you as well at the lunch!
Small world: 
Close yo mouth.
It'll be betta fa ya.
What's good check the music get at us
Felt compelled to make zucchini Parmesan, sausagestuffed portobellos and tapenadegarlic bread.
Yeah!
RT: : My kind of day!
August 13 is National Filet Mignon Day
Study Abroad Fair is today!!!!
Come check us out in the Talley Ballroom from 10 to 3.
lot of ppl there ?
Only yesterday was the time of our lives .
This has happened to me.
They have a masterful editor.
Always seems the best part is after the next commercial.
Another Christmas goes by without rolling out the Xmas shirt ideas from 5 years ago.
haha we're soo cool!
And yeah that song is pretty old.
Too many people say YOLO now ha.
Watching Reading Rainbow with my nigguhs
UK with another 1 class.
In the words of Chow,  boring...take nap .
are you back at home now!?

I dislike when certain ppl text me and I really dont feel like talking and they ask me what I'm doing 
Country roads take me home, where sunny skies bring warmth and life to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Having fun deciding how much I like Instapaper.com.
Thoughts?
You're welcome.
Have a great week!
I like it!
Cory Booker even makes Chris Christie look better!
Well I'm digging the feel good twitter, we need more of those
You can't take no for a answer but no  get the hell out of here before I kill you is completely acceptable
That HAS to take the cake, lol
lol shut up dude i have ice cream
that's just tendinitis comin in
Dim sum with the family
Ladies, as you tweet with our class focus, please include our hashtag of HRD2011UR so that we may track our conversation stream.
Thxs.
of course, great to know this.
I luv my followers!
true datttt girl!!
Aye Kenneth followbak
Ex girlfriends are like farts...They feel good to let go but then they just linger around and annoy all your friends...
We're worried that the Steelers are going to release us :
fingers crossed!
Lmfao I remember and I would send whales to kameron to piss him off hahaha
Hi Christopher!
How did the apartment search go a few weeks ago?
I just remembered why I love Annie Lennox ...
Trust issues :/
Log onto www.tdmwebacademy.com for webinar  starts at 7pm eastern time
sitting in dubai airport waiting for a 1am flight.
one stop in frankfurt....
only 20 hours left.
easy.
Can't focus at all right now ugh!!!!
Going Off Too School!Yesterday Was The A Good Day!
Stay Beautiful,Gorgeous!Love u's..
I'm Hoping One Day You'll follow meh!:
notice me xx
It is our right to vote!
Practice your rights!
Tip 111: LIVE: People who over shove their stack into your much smaller stack are usually bluffing/weak.....call light.
I have school tomorrow.
I can't sleep if you keep tweeting cute pictures of yourself!
haha ok whatever you say lmfaoooo
That awkward moment when you realize mentioned the wrong Hunter Harden in his tweet.
Hahaha!
Justt realized im officially four years older than le boyfriend...haha i feel like such a pedophile ;
RT : Before we leave 'Bama, let's remember George Goober Lindsey of The Andy Griffith Show.
The AL native has died at...
2012 WILL BE A FUCKING GOOD YEAR :
Just added to the wfx expo floor Television Production Service
I'm here to talk if you need anything just text me
thinks hm nope lol jk kisses u
Up The ARSE!
but..
it's wednesday tho
Who will survive in America?
they may even exhibit emotion is their logical disagreement.
Just saw a commercial for Winnie the Pooh..
won't be able to look at that the same ever again.
I had lost my password 4 twitter  so have not used it for awhile.
Glad to be back!
In bed comfy as fuck but I forgot to turn off my light kill me
Service Industry Night at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park is coming up...
details soon.
Count on Sunday, March 25th vs.
FC Dallas
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 2, Apr.
9 to Apr.
15: Fans Review
Nathan's dad is not dead...
People are going 5 mph on Henderson
I miss Keha!
Where is that girl?
Same to you!
Tactics: set every home page in the apple store to my soundcloud.
Well I had my fun in Florida, flying back to Cali tomorrow
Thanks for the support everyone!
We sold 300 lbs of meat!
Stay tuned for info about tomorrow's event.
is happy for the end of the week
Musical word of the day: scatenato  unchained, wildly
You're a bombshell
you can offer what you think...
and just love them through the rest.
a cute lobster, I bet!
:
Coffee for lunch?
Yes please :
is that a purple lamp?
I dig that!
Go Vikings!
RT : Roundtable with AS Health Activists today!
Tweet along HAroundtable at 12p EST
omg can u believe im actually bac home
great way to end the night:
how about jill off?
or fingerbang?
lmsfjsoisisoss
so ipad2 is coming on March 2nd?
does it have a camera?if so, i'll get it!!!
House adopts budget amendment removing Senate language penalizing UMAB 250,000 for law school's suit against farmer.
Tonight is a great example that no matter how good the Rangers are, the bench is the ultimate weakness.
doctorgs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
P.J.
O'Rourke
Go to the top of the Empire State Building on a Wednesday night for a killer view and a bit more breathing room.
Book me for your Halloween makeup!
www.lipstickandlace.blogspot.com
That's all for now folks.
Thanks for hosting , great event on
found you!!
thx for following me, check out TGIF!!!
wordtothewise don't try to speak spanish in a class full of mexicans my friend
it's not a spam thing that will mess up my computer is it?
sorry, i've had it happen before and am a little cautious.
Final doctorss rehearsal for Joseph just getting started because of rain.
Opening tomorrow night!
picture needed
In bed early tonight!
And yes, 1230 does qualify as early in my life!
Tunnel of self love?
That's what I'm talking about lol
So yeah, the running thing, today, is a no go.
Hurts.
Dammit.
Maybe a tenth of a mile.
Figures, I plan a trip to New York City and a hurricane decides to bee line to it.
Aye lets kick it tomorrow brah.
LOL Logan hasnt stopped talking abt his new twitter family  how nice Dog and crew are, now hes convinced my brother to get a twitter :
Getting kicked out of your room all weekend 
He who has health, has hope.
And he who has hope, has everything.
Thomas Carlyle.
who knows but pa seems unlikely to sell in any case.
I FB more than tweet too , but trying to get better at it .
Go Leigh Ann, go!!!
encouragement!
When I go down my page, Kylie Hicks is preaching it over twitter I'm literally thinking the exact same things!!!
:
for sure.
I won last time in our who can finish the test first competition.
follow he is amazing 3
um..
is doctornk in the kitchen.
cant wait 2 c what she makes.
Who knew?
Tillamook County, Oregon labeled fruad hotbed for phone spoofing.
from
I did and it was fantastic.
This season is so much less formulaic than the others.
I haven't been this sick since my tour of duty in Hong Kong.
At least you know the brits can doctorve on business trips?
Have you found the ONE?
yo homie we celebrating the wife's birthday tonight, can u through us on the list?
Finally caught up on my sleep today.
What am I doing today!!
Got back after day 1 of InfusionCon and logged in to a pretty new green dashboard!
Can't wait to play!
To say the least
That's because the bartender is a L 7 WEEEEENIIIEEE
lmao u guys crack me up 
What do museums mean InOurGeneration?
Do you like them?
Hate them?
Never been to one?
Like archival, provenance lists?
Or something else?
EpicFail RT : Not a single Democrat Senator has voted for any budget for the last three years.
ha well I'm obviously on your mind ha
Thursday!
Will I get to see you while I'm back home in Cleveland, recovering from foot surgery!?
:
The Manuscript for my book Moving Beyond PointandShoot Photography is due on October 1st.
Planned release date March 2012.
I was only disappointed because I haven't seen you in so long...
Thanks for coming!
Ouch.
To be fair, I do live in Hampden.
RT OH: Only hipsters like sushi.
actually Dnc should make video of mitt w/his boys dancing to wu tang clans c.r.e.a.m.
Fitting.
Possibly doing an event for Macdill Airforce Base!
at least it can't be off his orbital bone.
Or can it.
Thanks for the follow :
Sited!!
By Deliriously Smiling Passengers  King Kong At Empire State Bldg!
Wait.
The girl and guy are gonna have a shootout?
Interesting.
Them bitches soggy RT : lol man they still on the porch n shit hurry up for quante get um
Had 6 rows of BMW work cars that came in the detail department.
Sale day today was actually busy, haha.
At least at the detail department.
Teacher: I have a Suzuki swift.
Me: OMS!!
Teacher: you've gone pale.
Me: you said swift Teacher: ?
We Are Gonna Go See Our Grandma...
She Has A Room For Us At Her House.
But I Have To Share With Karla
next big step in big energy data analytics for smartgrid markets is point2point stream analysis...more soon on Intelen's IPv6 disruptions
Just think...
with a gentleman in the picture the world wouldnt have had the last 3 performances.
Swift, Perry,  Adele
Today was funny ass hell hehehe
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future.
The house thinks of the present.
Hope the New East Ave Wegmans will have multiple exit routes
Go Daddy.
And please don't come back.
Kobe will butt fuck all his HATERS
: He loves Chris ...
At least someone likes that bastard!
I just watched the 10 minute yoga solutions on my Netflix instant play : Where do you take class?
I've chyeard a LOT this year.

Please check your DM.
Looks like we didn't see your reply from last month.
SORRY!
ha ha right
feel free to shop for me
maybe it will be, I have your thin mints!
Josefina, it wears a ragged and dangerous front
sorry, the event last night was not recorded, but i'm sure we'll captainre a similar talk at some point.
:
I think is an amazing singer!
I enjoyed watching you last night and best of luck in the future!!!
:
Can we get some runs for Dempster tonight?
Guy has been lights out, he deserves a W!!
Man, your kids are some dame comedians!!!
LOL!
Oh my darlings how thoughtful!
Mwah!
Breathe Carolina, is like, omfgadsjhfawkfjj.3
please do:
don't you DARE abandon cville!
Law and love are the same  romantic in concept but the actual practice can give you a yeast infection.
Happy Halloween to you too!
OH: Hey, why you wearing socksyou got a date or something?

re your dodgers lineup, is that the number of runs each player has scored this season?
hopefully not as scarring as an angry patron with a mismatched reader's advisory suggestion!

Hero.
DavidGregory  not so much.
Why so annoying?
uhm you hate harry?
well i dont..
awkward
Sorry had to vent...it just disgusts me how people put everything before their kids, that they chose to have.
Me and will went prom doctorss shopping....
and we need to go again
A lot of people don't know this, but I'm pretty competitive
I hate having to wait for my iphone.
But I'm SO BEYOND grateful for my family that loves me and the gifts I got:
dude, that was so high school..I love it!!
Why are you so far away?
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME Mahomies4Life!
Sar, your comment on website took my breath away!
so sweet.
I'm so glad you liked the interview.
Scottsuper
Amber....thank you so very much!
This is GREAT!
thanks for the ff.
Gross!
She's super AWESOME!
The mullet convention, oops I mean NAMM, has finally gotten started.
Just played on a sweet, new Hammond Organ.
If you've been patiently waiting  It's Back !!!
Eithiopian Harrar  known for its taste and aroma of blueberries, www.raoscoffee.com
What a day.
All the kids were gone by 11am.
Matt and I had Christmas dinner at Lee's Kitchen  chinese food Christmas Story style : lol
Yay!!
Very excited!
I AM 25!!!
I'm optimistic!
please notice me!!!
please 9
My phone has somehow become the phone to call and make jokes on at 3 in the morning?
Not I, just watching play by play
Free printed samples on the world's best digital garment printer.
: Do you have the hidden camera video?
KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque wants to know.
What do you want to do!?
What Movie?
don't put my shit on blast please.
cel.ly Just figure out a way to make the texts free for students...
Wow!
Thank you for the great article on Charles River.
Very eloquent.
We greatly appreciate it.
I could watch The Real Housewives of Disney again!
love you to : BFFs are the best!
Love you 
NW The Motorcycle Diaries
Seeing a lot of fog on 151.
Visibility is very low.
Besides getting hit in the head  a car alarm going off for 15 minutes I had a great nights sleep...
Good for you!!
I don't want to leave
love it ..
Can't stop listening to SAYSOMETHIN omgg it's amazing 3
Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence.
Henry Thoreau
Do you work today ?
do u know what time we r taking our picture??
: : MY GRADUATION SPEECH: I hate all you fuckers, I'm out.
my life.
: what a long day?!
Well I know CPR so if anyone decides to die on me I can resuscitate you!!
had so much fun servin up juice for the FriendshipWalk thanks so much ; great event, great people!
Wouldn't it be nice if you didn't have to fill out a new medical form for your child every year?
Your school needs RegisterPatient!
MAYWEATHER FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY IN LAS VEGAS POWERED BY
GOOD LUCK CHIEF, KEEP YA HEAD UP.
SOMEONE WILL RECOGNIZE GAME.
RT I should've ejected him, too.
I should've doctoroled on his leagueissued clothing.
I owe entire viewing audience an apology
Lol  that dunk attempt
Spoiler Alert: have a trash an to vomit in when you watch this.
These intros will make you want to puke
Relationships end but feelings continue.
LOL.
Having fun?
Death by fear.
Fear is the only thing that keeps you from living.
No worries!
I figured as much.
I just wanted to make sure it went through :.
stephano is french
Really dislike when people lie to me!
Makes my blood boil
thanks to everyone who came out to the CD release this weekend!
She brought that back to country...
Good job Skylar...
Never say Never!
Legendary Croce's lineup: and Am I missing anyone?
Acupuncture doesn't really hurt that much, but the homework they give is really a pain in the butt.
What does dun language translator mean?
why not a COLTS theme hotel I know a lot of people would spend the weekend there before the games fans would love to stay as well!
Men's Voices tickets are available  the door SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY!
Get to the ABQ Museum Amphitheater by 6:30 7/30 and grab those tix!!
oh yeah .....watching the classic Smokey and the Bandit.......awesome!
Looks like it covers I94 down to Cty Hwy K
The best things in life arent always easy but they are always worth the wait.
I feel ya on that one!
And with almost 5 year old twins, we go through a lot of clothes everyday!!
damn shame
We have a show tomorrow at Capital Skatepark in Round Rock!
Starts at 8, costs 5.
With Chasing Lions, MARANATHA, and The Changeless.
I pray that God blesses you all today!
Congrats Mike!
SDUSD has about 1000 vehicles.
We don't have the  to maintain them.
A school bond can replace these
followfriday Poor girl.
Where's the outrage?
Been laying down all day and ain't planing on go no where today!
:D
Check out The Alchemy Cafe at 1980 Atwood in Madison for great lunch...
i have not been there.
def going to check it out then.
thanks.
don't think so...let me ask ur mother if it is brb rolls over.
rolls back...nope it isn't.
thanks for the FF last week!
love everyone growing the golf industry following!
He who has injured thee was either stronger or weaker than thee.
If weaker, spare him; if stronger, spare thyself.
how tall are you???
HungerForUnger!
:
ImminentDanger on panel for identifying solutions, Beckert says MU MJS should sponsor conference on solutions.
in the chill vibe.gotta BIG meeting 2morrow!
SK 3
No lines today at cedar point!
It's been a great day!
Thus commences my annual tradition of pretending to care about football.
It reminds me of your Kudzu imagery.
Yes, I still get a thrill out of that piece.
Could I be anymore awkward?
what up guys!
Its Live Love Learn from MN!
Wen is doctorke ablum coming out?
since no longer employed by mothership, can we get Sarah Philips on show tomorrow???
: 
Currently interested in a bottle of whiskey.
Who is this?
liquid chocolate and its delicious!
hope ya day is going well
NFL doctorft tonight!
Hope to hear some local guys get their name called!
Who does your team pick?
Tell us how they did in the doctorft.
All she want is some heel money.
It's so funny how I can do everything for people at work or my friends and the only appreciation I get in return is from my boyfriend.
If we're being honest  and I think we are....?
I'd hit that.
Dixiana is moving its office to Buddy Lee bldg where talent revolves and the studio to Berry Hill
All I have time to do is school, work, and homework.
Freakin' irritated.
College: Mich.
St.
AD regrets tweet to Michigan's Burke Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis says he regrets sending a message o
oh...
don't.
It needs a lot of work  is currently under construction in a nonnetworked MS Word document :/
is it on now
a lovely lunch w  her sweet fam.
new neomande is gonna be a sam crowder staple, conveniently placed in my path to the Y.
I see you on record store day!!!
How you guys doing today?
Bryce Harper has stealing home now off his bucket list...
RT : RT : says social media doesn't replace face to face, it makes it happen uwpceyou2
B/c they know they f'd up RT : I never understand why the person who did wrong has the attitude problem
Some dude in a semi just got arrested in our parking lot.
Real life cops!
re QR, check out the Robin Ashford stuff I just tweeted.
Bummer that you won't be  ALAMW!
:D youre welcome :D your the best ;D lol
Feel spiritually rejuvenated.
Perfecting the art of casting down imaginations.
Free Library branches play central role in Philly neighborhoods, could be site for projects involving residents' knowledge.
2012.
Year of the side stage.
Come hang out with us at moe's/the shed tonight.
Party
There's something really special about a Sunday afternoon.
Good Coach not a Championship caliber coach
oh snap look at you!!
I'm jealous.
Duck...Duck...De'Anthony!
He must have been really good at that game when he was a kid.
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
I think it's more than a smart business tactic, Ed.
I think the lead singer lives in Staten Island.
I don't think they made much  the Pistols allegedly didn't make much
If you missed it.
I decided for my 42nd Bday I'm eating  doctornking 42 of my favorite food/doctornks all week till the big day on Sunday.
:
Welcome back, :
Happy 2 Years Anniversary Baby Video!!!
33
has anyone seen the CannaBuddies?
LOL I love em!
oh yes bitches ' Miley is gonna shit on you hoes tomorrow at the VMAs !
watching NHK...
I am now craving for some udon .
or KATSUUU :D
Working overtime...AGAIN!..Thanks for keeping us busy.
:
no reason.
Loved last night!
You make me smile.
PS I have a soup on the stove I still need to have you over and we have cable now WIN WIN
Sept 24 Schooling of the minnows at the Chamber waterfront!
Voting and prizes!
Check out FB Grand Haven ArtWalk!
Another big trial begins in Russia: members of the 'NordEast88' neoNazi gang are prosecuted for hate crime attacks against foreigners.
hey boo!
that dough kind of looks like a cookie to me.
Hollywood Jammers take on The 241 Santa Barbara Breakers Tuesday Night at Grant High School 7:30PM.
Watch  The Game  doctorp 50 points again
Medical research using dogs as models Dogs are among the best animals when it comes to providing models for better medical treatments in
Hi Emma, thanks for the awesome webinar at Acquia!
Just bought the book, looking forward to start playing with it.
so you do or you don't like Gaborik lol
Just joined twitter to see whats around.
RT : replay of last Wed at Frank's!!
Cool beans!
Won't be there till at least after 9 tho!
Another greate TedEX talk on The Dispatch.
Lol!!!
How cute, kittens are like little friends, they really do know what they talking about!
but make sure feed them.
3
You make me wanna laugh, stick my hands up and laugh!
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Tennessee Williams
FridayIsForever this is the best song ever!
Best gym with yet.
haha nothing really, just a twitter misunderstanding
ya and he called me Shawna how scary
We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all
Def true : RT : Cancer: sometimes they try to be bad to put on a front, but they're good people that get hurt easily.
ha yes!
They are like this in Italy too!
If I do have a doctornk  I prefer box ;
announces strategic partnership with Microsoft Dynamics.
Buyers and sellers plugging into the
Write a pitch before writing an article, especially if the publication usually writes their own articles.
Adele owes success in US to Sarah Palin.
Her album bombed in US until she appeared on SNL featuring Palin.
Next day she hit US charts.
hit me
: Not opposed to voting structure change, but wants different representation as opposed to two from Sparks, Reno and Washoe.
lazyweb, what is the best way to find out which organizations are lobbying on a specific topic?
lol i get insane when my adoctornaline starts pumpin
Great thank you Dawn!!
: Live your life and forget your age.
Norman Vincent Peale
and then on to wrestling school :
Good work!
Don't be afraid of taste.
Try the rye!
fer it long but you are beautiful no matter what.
Even in July, eh?
Going to be in Orlando Floriday by chance?
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her.
That would be the cutest thing in the world
Has there ever been a show you weren't perfect for?
;p
What's Good?
Love personofinterest good episode tonight!
Fumble OSU....handing out footballs like autographed footballs.
Less practice time due to players having 2 attend classes.
Plus...I don't wear cowboy boots.
They slow me down when I have to get out the way of pointedtoed stilettos.
Casino Night Tips Can't afford to invite your guests to a party blowout in Las Vegas, or Atlantic City ?
Plan your own casino party!
oh I'm guessing what
That one is a crowd favorite!
what exercises do you do to get it in such great form?
What?!
Well, that is true.
But They still look nice on people, as long as they're not like 40, then it just looks weird.
My ring finger is green and the rest are a neutral pink.I'm a spring Person xD Seen that tip on your tumblr :
FF report to for detention.
I'm just now walking into this conversation!!
M  N come meet us when you can!!!
XO
please do please do.
I am bummed that so many kids are going to that dumb thing
Is Christina Aguilera wearing a crown because she is queen of skanks?
i havent have you?
good stuff?
hey whose fuckin in the bushes
YOUR AWESOME :D !
Gonna watch Ariana's livechat today.
:D
Fun fact: If you run out of aloe, the Italian Ices from lunch make great ice packs!
its Saturday everybody wants to play but dunno what to play :
This baby keeps waking up when I toss it into its pram.
Hoping that our friend is aware of our history as she programs her shows this week....!
see you at the altar bar tonight!
Google eyes at the Whowho!
thanks so much Stacy!!
Congrats!
RT : Our CEO  his wife welcome their first child, Eamon McCrossen.
Don't text me and then expect ME to keep the conversation going...
oh can I just go back to kindergarten when my only worry was snack time and nap time pleasee
Come sign up for a personal resume review at the MLA Resume  Cover Letter Review table!
Too bad the ponds aren't frozen, you can't skate to your ball.
Free Wifi is 1 minor indication that a business has changed w/ the times.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition
I think I need to log off
There is a difference between truth and facts.
Just met with a truly wonderful and talented lady.
Thanks for keeping it real and being so helpful!
Already enjoying the VSFS!
Very creative and loving the music!!!
your avi is so cute!
Going for some skittles.
that is hilarious.
Hi it's me I am an idiot and forgot to my work but by sending an email it will all be ok.
Is trying to do clean house.
Keeps getting bored.
Oh, I am so not my mother's daughter in that regard.
im not
Come down to the Moore Building in the design district tonight to the girls night out event provided by Sheckys!
Shop and doctornk :
BGHS rugby team won 3 of 4 matches at a tourney over the weekend!
BG rugby is made up of Battle Ground, Prairie  Skyview high schools.
Thinking about cheating on my doctorid with an iphone.
You wont be disappointed.
I wonder what lebron james woulda done had he played against rick mahorn type players.
What a chump.
No problem!
PS.
I am currently obsessed with the 50 Magellano.
One of the most beautiful, unique yachts I've ever seen!
Apparently every day is Easter for me.
Don't use JSP!
Use a real web framework with a real template engine!
s'good
I'm pretty sure the most awesome friend would get doctorke tickets Okc feb28 for someone's 21st on the 26th ; ;
I think I stumped the guys tonite.
: how about obsequious doctorpword
Life is short...live it well ;
I have done some amazing and incredible things in this studio and I know where I can go from here.......
I'm going to be on twitter all day now.
33
maybe for you, cuz you can actually sing!
x
So how was your holiday weekend?
Oh gosh, I was like Jesus.
Didn't come out of the tomb for three days.
Lol at the hole in the wall in one of the classrooms.
I wonder who did it?
Give me 25 to life,if being fly is a crime
: I know!
I meant that towards your roommate and lol
I didn't get that message.....
From the massive bruise on my leg, questionable pictures on my phone, 3 random numbers, and a brutal hangover, Cinco de Mayo was a success.
it's friday so why wouldn't friday come on
Every few months my life get turned upside down
Sure, you could say that a pilot using FAA airwaves to rant is a story, but if the rant was truly offensive, why rebroadcast it?
Aight cool, I can totally do that if they have something open.
Now take yo a to sleep!
Lol.
J/k.
Blake lively from gossip girl.
I love gossip girl, but l like leighton meester more.
Blair:
thanks for the follow!
hahahahah I'm currently in math class dying because I am imagining you doing this..oh dear lord!
I love how my dad refuses to let me have any privacy.
Ladies if ya man tryna lose weight RT : Oral sex massages the jaw and may also burn 20 calories with each 15 minute session.
IfUReallyDown4Me u would lick the eye boogers outta my eye.....
So they'll be easier to open when I get up
bout to doctorp some new new shit
No but I think jenga is a game forgot how awesome archer is
Nigga like me be smoking while I'm doctorving
Who is this long blonde hair girl
Hearing the birds wake up, watching the sun rise, and working on art while listening to music are the plus side of insomnia.
Thank you!
Wow, you're fast!
settling down for the day, spent a lot of time catchin up with online networks.
that is a job within itself.
: Okay, Lakers.
Time to put Bynum and Kobe back into the game.
Please?
So, we're at the point in the day where the computer slows to near uselessness.
Awesome.
It still not as creepy as the Garnightmare photo found.
I still get creeped by that thing.
And be sure to like us on Facebook, www.facebook.com/partyslayerz
what's sleep?!
Just traveled from Colorado to Tennessee...
what's to eat?
Fast Food mostly...
we looked extra hard for wholefood  plantbased places
Damn!!
That Was Good!!
Well be at UN Plaza tomorrow for your lunch hour.
With 112pm
injury, risks do not mean not knowing who you are
You rock, my friend.
Thank YOU.
yes indeed!
welcome to Twitter, dude!
True, but I think guys who can create their own shots dominate the playoffs, and a healthy Rose is one of the best at that.
onestateil Bruce Mau: design is the intersection of art  science
band is like the Claritin commericial, you get the blurry picture, but you need to peel off the sticker
lol thanks Linda :
You know what's gonna be weird?
When my brother leaves for the marines.
there is going to be so much more food in the house...
RT  The miami dolphins may be 03 but their not as bad as their record is reflecting.
Would love to see in New Orleans...most will say no way, but I say Hornets grab what they can for CP3 and build!!
IWillAlwaysLove my Ex's but wont feel dha same about dem!
After dha heart ache n' pain
Saw a female runner seemingly struggling.
Gave a thumbs up.
She smiled, put up a thumb and picked up the pace.
Great advice!
well I hope u won't be no grandpa on our date!
next time he has a twitcam, I'm going to get a bunch of people to keep asking about a Chicago signing!
It NEEDS to happen!!!!
yea that's good can you do me a favor only if you wanna
Gypsy Revival listening evening at Bang
watch the tour dates come out on monday because everything justin releases is always on a monday.
Aye I got a new phone Shug.dm me your number.
What up bruh lets work
Mordi: Many differences between access during arab spring vs SSAfrica's capabilities.
power, broadband, funding, infrastructure
Funny how the app NOT by has more accurate bus times than 's own workers.
NAMI San Diego thinks you are doing an amaizng job at bringing awareness to mental health!
THANK YOU!
I'm to hungry!!!
Lookin at food network and this nasty crap dey cookn startin to look good!!
Someone who I don't even follow, got on me for saying this game is following a typical Orioles collapse to the Yanks script
I can't believe I actully got a twitter
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C.
Clarke
So um totally rocked Houston's socks off today.
Yes indeed.
who he given em away 2 ckus u knw its Money team one mines when he fought Ortiz i was da only Mexican routtin 4 him
just be glad can doctorve.
I had to teach his brother...
Way to go Smoothbeats.com!
Let us celebrate are quest for Freedom while listening to Martin Luther King Jr.
a true
YOU ARE!
RT : About to head up to Red Square Bar for tonight's festivities.
Who's going to buy 1st shot at midnight?
Bubba Watson is great, but let's see what he does next before we anoint him the savior of golf.
Tiger is still the only true meter mover
I'm in Venice doctornking ao Angeleno
Love that quote, too.
Great obit.
I heart pink slime!
Lol!!
Good Call.
Manet definitely took better care of things!
My head hurts really bad and I can't get up
Generations deep in the Seattle taxi industry, locally owned, natives, musicians, and born to hustle.7227696 Low rates, low waits.
escaping what could have been a long ride in the lex paddy wagon
I'm not a gynecologist but I look a pussies everywhere, everywhere
Kate Wilson of , on ebooks  must define and design them so kids understand that real books are not broken
I'm 50 and 60's inspired tonight.
:
im tired af .
Follow cause he post some funny shit!
Lol
one of my favorite songs I've been on!
Get wit me fool!
I'm tweeting only to add another tweet to my total so that has a tougher time catching up!
:p
hey babe.
Jus dm'd you
Hyman Rickover Good ideas are not adopted automatically.
They must be doctorven into practice with courageous patience.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
I think I might possibly be a little but Irish, so pucker up!
Haha I miss you too!
the other cabs to go through the line.
did he smell amazing?
Omg
Wow this bitch is a big mouth
you hating mfs out here jamming to the radio i aint even skipped a song
it sounds like it is going to be a hoard off!!!!
Followed back.
Big thanks for the voice mail support for ActorsTalkPodcast !
I'm going to learn a lot from you!
5 Stars 2U!
Off to study at the BSU library.
I can't wait to creep on the frat boys.
Olive garden 
Hensley supplying the Torture in Wilson's absence?
Anyone who requests a free mp3 song on facebook.com/makaraspen we will send one right out to you..Thanks for the support
Hahh, I understand you, really : Hehe, I know but the night of Carnival I'm go to another place :
not immediately, but by the end of summer probably
: I like being the first one to make him smile everyday You never once fail to.
wouldn't that be Sweet
meeeeeh To My New Followers 
Going to the funeral!
So doctorading it!!
Prayers are appreciated!
:
Happy April Fool's Day...don't let anyone pull a fast one on ya!
My hearts bullet proof
hell yeah bro, im still trynna make my way up there
I just had tea in Russel Wright's living room...
Cool.
WOODY ALLEN won.
I Fucked up my last Tweet i meant being single and alone on the holidays is not wassup.
doctorwing up the estimated recording budget for the record project.
work AND I got the flu son!
omg!
I missed the planning stages!!
that's my fav part!
have fun!!!!!
I finished Thursday morning.
I find myself wanting to read them all again.
Excellent stories.
Listening to my cousin tellin me that that he calls his gf lemon pie n she calls him chunky monkey
Last night: photo tests w our lovely burlesque model in various wigs  outfits for our shoot for our new book!
She's gonna be amazing!
I will : I haven't gotten new shoes since 7 months
I love having a job but it doesn't help my shopping addiction
maybe you can pretend to be one of the other versions of yourself.what might that be?
you finally getting some vaca time?
no way!
what happened?
x
Fuck You Heathet First You Get Me Sick Then Talk Shit FuckYou :D
FF Friend of the Rogue Scholar and unintentionally hilarious.
In bham gettin ready to watch my nigga knock a nigga out tonight
Friends from school post pictures of themselves on FB then say here's my kid.
I'm like, that is exactly what you looked like when I knew u
swing by Italy  See ADNAN SAKLI ..
Help economy..
actually it has nothing to do with the football team it's honoring America's hero's
when is that happening?
I need to know so I can stay the eff away from wrigleyville
Time does not wait for you, why would you wait for the right time?
Marcela Bennett
you too europedichan
We're so excited for tomorrow!
SummerWrite OpenHouse AND Poetry, Potluck  Pinot Event!
Check our website for more details
the fans are booing!
Are you back in PGH yet, slacker?
A couple of unexpected losses put me at an L5
its the little things!!
RT : Entering the final stanza in Tampa, the Storm lead the Force, 3720, on Will the Storm get win 200?
I see mister Hindsman!!!
Looking forward to learning more African Dance tonite!
:
Freedom can be the scariest, greatest thing in your life.
Really impressed w/ detail of their digital campaign over time.
Thanks.
Unfortunately those skills were not passed down but it's still very cool to have the exhibit.
Please do something about the job situation My husband is trying desperately to get a jobbeen over 3 long years
LOL I like that quote!
So stoked for at !
Thanks 3
tell me if it's good ;P
ASDFGHJKL; i hate you;
This is Brent Schneiders, for really.
lol this guy kills me.
so what does that mean?
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
All of you people on the east coast who are posting Mad Men spoilers are the lowest of the low!

emails are your friend!
Lol.
yeah.
It's fucking stupid
Which raises a question: are newspapers archiving reader comments?
Amazing data set for historians  poli scientists.
cc:
3 day weekend, sweet!
Try Bypass at the game tonight  let me know what you think.
You can order concessions from your smartphone and skip the line.
Living History: The Doors played Lagoon, and Morrison was bewildered
So looking forward to my new iPhone tonight!
TheVoice is trash.
I can't believe Jamar Rogers lost
As part of a balanced breakfast on 4/20...dnt forget to eat ur WEEDIES!!!
I never thought building a social media website would be so much work .
someone invited me to a preemptive high school reunion, because apparently being facebook friends is not torture enough
you got it!
That basement would make the most amazing haunted house/maker adventure.
Don't you think?
The sun needs to come out......
I was more of a Geography 127 guy.
Happy BIrthday SIr Alec Jeffreys, DNA brilliance
Hey , look!
RT: Saw Stick Fly on broadway last night.
Tracie Thoms was incredible.
See it.
oh donkey show!
I have tix for august!
Can't wait.
Thanks for the kudos on the article.
Wasn't that for ?
Getting ready to take advantage of the family golf special.
Why is there so often such a thin line between the best and worst ideas?
I swear New Jersey stay with some new dances ..
They Live tho
thanks for the RT
my phone's about to die.
well luckily I brought my charger c:
MeWithoutYouIsLike...
A sock wit no feet
IT'S A HABIT.
I ASKeD you that LAST NIGHT
Hey.
Don't forget your snack for tomorrow 2nd period...
I will not be providing your food tomorrow 
Yes.
a return to Felt Mountain with their next LP in the works would be a doctoram come true for me.
house; 11 people died in the resulting fire that destroyed 61 homes.
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and USW tied at 3.
well i am in the industry as well as u so hopefully 1day we can bcum frens nd all that matters is i can follow u!3 princess d
Ah, will do.
Thanks!
Why wasn't I notified immediately of this?
Also why was I not IN this movie?!
I demand answers!Princess of Dark Comedy...
Be Human conference May 79.
, , AND speaking.
Discount reg promo code: startingup
Out with my beautiful wife running errands and just enjoying each others company.
My life is da best!
looking for new members to join this elite fighter's fate design team, hit me up with a message.
will you be home tomorrow around two?
Kids  I spent afternoon outside weeding, fertilizing, watering, planting carrots and canna bulbs.
or like a waiter...

w0rK 2day, feeling a lil better!
We will c what 2day bRIngS...!
RT : Happy prom morning everyone.
McDonalds, recorded episodes of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and...
Icy Hot?
Hehe
To my fellow Mexicanos it's perfectly ok to get White boy/girl doctornk today on Cinco De Mayo but only today, no mames gey!
Only place highlighter where daylight hits the cheekbones, Cupid's bow,and eyelids.
totally agree man  he was great
dude nice dota 2 tips!!!
Do more of these commentaries!
I play lol but never played dota
Great job from 19 hole!!
: So what did you think???
I do not like that twitter is reversed!
We have 15 girls registered for Girls Rock Camp Houston.
We're halfway there!
www.girlsrockhouston.org
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can divorce in Texas if you have lived in Texas 6 months and in the county where you file for 90 days.
glad you enjoyed it and sorry I missed it.
Hope the semester was a good one.
I don't think I have ever met a stranger...
How many of us entrepreneurs aspire to be Mark Zuckerberg and how many aspire, Sean Parker Facebook ?
3 Lolita!
Do you have one of those tiny victorian hats :3?
Waiting for 6 publications to release!!
Can't wait to share!
One those days when I take the orange line home to remind me why I usually bike to work.
i'm duggin' and i'm doggin'
I'll be there.
With many penis shaped objects lolol ;D
for real!
The whole building shook when he hit the terrace
dude I totally agree.
And I can't wait to see if erin wasson can act.
regardless of the horrible gimmick and wrestling ability.
Ryder has done more to get himself over than any others have.
so bored tonight imma start hw i dont know how to do D: fuck my life..
probs cause they're not quality cause the dvd thing ya leaked lol
another gorgeous day here in Rochester,NY!
Happy Easter all!
You know t bro, Alreadyy, Thanks for da suport
True: Support for The Farm is building because it represents an important hope for urban agriculture and community in the East Bay.
Moms making steak  baked potatoes.
Yum.
Ii work out !
I totally overpacked but I brought all my shorts  tanks best feeling in the world since its the freaking north pole in PA today
RT : RT : Just printed 20 kfc coupons and am heading by homeless shelter in the morning!
From Justin: It's likely we'll avoid any storms until later tonight.
Enjoy the rest of the day.
Justin
Hold on for one more day just came on in Dunkin donuts
: Accepting youre going to fail your exams and mentally preparing yourself for a career as a stripper.
Bahahahahah that's me!
sorry about that, miscommunicated to our folks that you guys would be there, totally our fault.
schoolmemories prom night me and my son ran a train on shorty
Frederich Nietzsche, Thus Spake ZarathustraThe greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness .
your welcome beautiful:
Black tea has 1/2 the caffeine of coffee; green tea has 1/2 the caffeine of black tea.
Further reduce caf.
by dumping 1st 20 secs of brew!
I love that I so get it!
Last full week of school!Yess!
To be Clear, the reason the DeptCommittee failed was because Republicans refused to raise taxes on the richest Americans.
looks like the Steelers, Big Ben are getting a warm Cleveland Steamisterller!
It's Friday!
You know what that means?
Work all weekend!
Thank you :
thank you 3 I love your too Cody looks adorable haha :
I'm ok thnx!
U?
oh...one more thing...
Do you ever work El Rio on Friday nights?
They are so much better for me than Wednesdays!
Why do I feel obligated to always tweet over 100 characters?
No swag surfin, finger snappin, crank dat insert character here music here ok!!
The Day Ahead: Jobs Report and Hammering Out Greek PSI Details
....for a really good reason
went back and followed everyone we followed on wanted to recreate my twitter experience as much as possible...
First Lady Michelle Obama has a special announcement for us this morning about Let's Move!
The is a godsend when I'm overseas  only have BB email access but no data.
thanks, you're welcome!
Saw your fantastic hair run by on NW Overton this AM.
Happy running!

you're everything to me.3
Twitter or facebook!
I can work on that.
Today's Iris Cafe 5 Special  Chicken Salad Croissant with tomato  mixed greens.
Why are Irish accents so complicated and annoying?!
jfklaf
New set of strings on, 13 gage  thickest I've ever used as normally I use 11's or 12's ..
Yay 13!
m/m/
What?
Where?
It's October!!!
Lunch in Beverly Hills.
The two women next to me have just ordered Cobb salads without chicken, cheese, beets, eggs, tomatoes or bacon.
I seriously hate Sprortscenter.
It is APRIL and the stupid ass NFL still dominates the show.
So fucking sick.
You know what?
I LOVE Brian Lies.
A man after my own heart with all those bats.
But.
I hate the CSLP graphics.
After all the shit we been through...
I gotchu
If i was ur boyfriend ill never let u go I can take u places u ain't ever been before baby take a chance or u will never ever know....
Damn, just realized it was LA 2, Denver 0 tonight.
Nuggets and Rockies have some work to do!
yeah,sure.
mahomies should help each other right ?
:
I've been asked on 3 dates in the last day and half WOW ...smh
RT if 0/5 of One Direction follow you.
!!!!
RT : Skinny ass girls that always complain about being fat are annoying af stfu nobody cares.
Cut your winter dog walking time in half by feeding your dog a laxative five minutes before walkies
Working on a big graphic design project today as well as some DVD duplication  video editing.
I want some LOL
ATL Baby Is Where I Reside 3
Yeah, I've been really disappointed by how many of my otherwise thoughtful friends have been having a laugh at her expense.
woke up crying.
dont think its gonna be a good day :/
Hi, You can follow me?
Alien in my pants
My second accounts first tweet is this
im expecting to gain about 30 pounds.
friedchicken what?
: enjoy!!
so i think im going to come to your house
No need to rent Shump, buy something.
RT : Dear Donny Walsh...thank you for giving me a chance!!
Coach Scott: We face a very good UNT team.
They have probably the most talented player in the league with Tony Mitchell
If you need a good interview for upcoming shuttle delivery, doctor Charles Justiz, who captainined the SCA cross country is available.
Dear NYS Senators Schumer and Gillenbrand, your phone lines are busy, but you need to vote against PIPA.
Thank you.
RT : While digging for FavoritePicasso stuff in our archive, we found this photo of MoMA staff packing up Guernica.
It's crazy what 5 min after 5pm can do to the traffic flow.
Also a big shout out to of for being fucking awesome and giving us a chance by booking us on his shows.
It means a lot.
of tomorrow!!....wat to efen do!!?
yup he is!
but I cried so much, and I want JoMo to play Klaus xD
these girl feelings are making me sick to my stomach.
some one fast forward time.
Hey would you like to visit our Mark Twain Letters exhibition?
We borrowed from Millicent Library letters btwn Twain  HH Rogers!
not entirely sure yet but damn a good dude just left us!
RT : It's true: Don't confuse traffic with engagement.
RT : Currently Reading: The Last Battle by C.S.
Lewis.
I apologize ahead of time for tweets about knights and talking animals
See ya in 13 hrs Can you feel it ?
Best couple ever3 Just thought i would let you know:
Ah well, no Jagr in the Pens.
Maybe thats not so bad.
I didnt really like his peanut butter anyway.
Anyone remember that stuff?
I have to wait till this weekend to go to sprint
Thanks for the RT Chris!
haha I heard the video say it and it was like a reflex for me to turn around and look at you lol.
I'm looking for friends with benefits...
mainly medical, but also dental and vision would be good too...
lunch date  ridding on the back of the bike  what I need 
The thirst and the delusion I see every day is beyond pathetic
And what the hell is with this ending credits song?
THIS IS A POOR IMITATION OF BRYAN ADAMS ALL FOR LOVE!!!
Personally, I'm waiting for Kawhi
: : For worse or for better were better together  aw
i love suri!
llamf stfu!!!
Phahahah he was a real live baby!!
But I must say we look TF good!
seems like just yesterday you were 17...
lol happy birthday3 :
bored as fk man
That sucks big time.
Here's hoping you killed all the little buggers.
the ratio is infinite if you want it enough, I hear.
apologizes for not tweeting for a LONG time.
Patients need care, events need help, friends need to be seen and made.
Back to reality!
Love you on live tonight's!
Makes me realize how much I miss u!
Who's coming out to party with us tonight at TJ Mulligans, Trinity?
It's gonna be fun...
we'll see you there!
Any kind of dog can participate in agility competitions  Hooray for mutts!
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  the GIN HALL HUSTLERS 
Veggie Delites are my life
lol stupid spell check i meant to say Freddie Gibbs
rehearsal for Jools Holland tonight!
sometimes we have to make mature decisions that can be beneficial for our future :
I can hardly wait...to gouge my own eyes out.
we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well
I know I heard about it Elaine was telling me lastnight that u was moving you better make sure you let me know when u move
have a wonderfull weekend
They say love is in the air, so I hold my breath until my face turn purple.
Tryna go to chipotle after work
Whenever I have headphones in it sounds like everyone around me is speaking another language.
yea I'm taking Latin next year
I can never stay seriousAt first Ill stare at you and then start laughing my ass off.
Anyone have a good recommendation for a St.
Paddy's movie?
I'm thinking Boondock Saints or The Departed...
The way you see them is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is the way they often become.
Zig Ziglar
sorry to hear that.
Siri helping at all ?
NASCIO11a In my opinion this new budget norm creates the biggest opportunity in history to disrupt govt IT procurement: Open Source  SaaS
There no diet in the world that can motivate you.
They all succeed or fail due to the operator.
lol ..which news channel do you watch?
Going to the toughest looking bouncer at a strip joint and asking if haggling is allowed.
Hm.
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
It's an easy fix.
And probably agents/houses vary anyway.
de nada.
Do you all have to use the Weave assessment program.
I'm assembling forces here to attack and destroy it.
Pharez Whitted  Sunday Jazz Jam Session starts this Sunday!
Gonna be HOT  Andys  11 E.
Hubbard Street Chicago  10free for musicians
An intern, Microsoft Research, found out from one of presenters on my panel from
nice!
lol.
just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
you can tell durant won MVP just by seeing his frail arm
Great organization!
We are happy to be a follower!
People really do need to stop thinking that me and oomf are together.
It will never happen, I mean they text me from a food stamp phone.
Can I order from factory????
Its Greener on this side no need 2 Rake :
Why does the media INSIST on making Pinterest the next big thing?
I mean, it's cool and all but it jeez...
For a second I thought he was talking about the boyz..lol
as much as your dick
The tour price INCLUDES R/T air from NYC.
If you want/need to purchase your own airfare, there is a landonly package too!
I miss having my workout partner sadtweet:
I cannot remember the last time I was this hungover.
Happy Mother's Day.
I haven't forgot.
Have a blessed one hunni
The FCC Makes Campaign Finance More Transparent  Bloomberg
thanks!
RT : Checking out down at Cool cart!
Yum......real Greek Food!
But if two wrongs don't make a right, why did she just make this left turn?
Nonbot here  Watching Tree of Life tonight.
Heard mixed things.
Will be interesting
I am definitely a dark beer kinda girl..
I cant doctornk stuff like bud light I stick to my yuengling.
the snack machine selection is awful right now.
the concessions ppl are missing out on ppl determined to break resolutions.
nas!
Had so much fun last night!
random!
i hope your Tumblr is funnier
I don't know...can't go back in time....but probably...but you and I can't talk for everyone else
ik same!!
: at least I got to see your beautiful face!
Fuck old ppl!!!!
Yeah I said it!!!!
Following the FreeSpirit campaign breathlessly, even off the clock.
Here's a riddle: What do you call Spirit's one second of motion?
News!
doctorve Wmsburg to Yorktown tears streaming at Teri's interview w/ Maurice Sendak: beautiful, on books, music, atheism, love
Girls requested early wake up this a.m., so that we could all do sun salutations together.
yes....but not on Tuesdays :
Perfect beach day.
Listening to My Name by is the only way to start the weekend!
Sex pistols  Frankie goes to Hollywood this morning.
Looks like an 80's kind of day!
We have the power to change our lives look deep within yourself and see what you can do to change to make you life better BELIEVE ACHIEVE
Self: are you okay Me: I wish I could tell you
wish I was in Nash this week!
I would come see you!
I'm am cryyyyyyyin laughin at Amen !!!
Sherman Hemsley a.k.a.
George Jefferson is a fool!!!
Jackson!!!
I miss you!!!
I came across it while doing research: Is this old wicker thing with a handle that I have a picnic basket, or a purse?
Inconclusive.
Just becuz justin is following me doesn't mean I will get nore followers
Store all items in a cool, wellventilated area.
Hot attics, damp basements, and garages should be avoided.
Does anyone want to play racquetball with me at LA?
I have two quest passes, just no racquetball equipment.
What's new and exciting in your life?
Bummer my IL2010 proposal wasn't accepted.
But excited to write a paper for libraryassesment!
Slept in today....
Last week kept me busy, thanks to God!
Daughter: How did you meet Mommy?
Austin: Well, it all started when your mom used to spam me on Twitter..
I feel like a bad person when I ask my parents for stuff
Is that lie
RT : DigitalNow 2013 set for April 46 at Disney's Contemporary.
Already looking forward to it.
Wednesday 7:30.
Meeting at PushPush for a revolutionary project in film and live theater hybrids.
mister Meriwether.
Come out n hear more.
Behance is such a great source for inspiration.
Some incredible portfolios.
Got up this morning listening to U2.
GoodMusic and
So of us might but most of use would not
need more then 1200 followers to make that happen
Little Joe!!!
one of many reasons!
:
its going to be humid again today no
thanks for the ff Chris!
have a great weekend bud!
cheers!
This was just one of those weeks when I felt like fewer buckles.
At silk hookah lounge for the official meet and greet of
From when you lived here, guessing still up.
You're just a boy toy RT  SirHenry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman
AVENGERS.
WAS.
EPIC.
Did you tell her that you just left practice?
you're
School Tomorrow ughh :/
Have a safe trip Chris!
And WTF Manny on the roids?
Manny being Manny I guess
tuned in only a few minutes before the goal.
saw the best part.
Grilling ribs and telling dear friends impt things while wearing green facepaint as 'the mask'
yeah, that was certainly the craziest part of it
Thanks for and You are doing it right.
For it being this early and hung over on my day off I was unusually chipper when I was taking a shower.
But then mom cam home.
omg hahah run in with Pat Sharp classic that's so funny
it's a beautiful day.
So naturally, I'm going to be at work.
:
Alright you pick the place and the time and I'll buy the burgers.
Just not Friday.
: Nice Choice!
Form of Flattery 1977 Critically Dope indeed can't wait for another album
privatepractice I think what made me cry the most was how fine Jake is.
I'm serious!
The Nonprofessort Event will be luxurious after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
why don't you ever tweet boy!
i just keep going.
just had another one of those moments where you realize just how transformative tablets will be.
Cool.
I live in Naples.
Do you know it?
And I lived in Rome too.
Beautiful city.
But I never got out of Italy, unfortunately.
Oh I missed that!
Is it Netflixable????
advertising my business
Thanks for the FF!!
I fear mine reflect badly on my life choices...
mustaches, doctorgs, pizza, pinball...
at least beer isn't on there!
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
I Still Am!
Seriously, powersthatbe, you should really figure out a way to keep around.
He's a huge credit to your organization.
And me.
And Noel Crane.
When I play my maracas I go chick chicky boom chick chicky boom!
Someone takeover the vintage camera, the operator is tripping out on the keyboard close ups
Turning off my phone for the rest the day, and going for a run.
nope.
Means people want to see u lol
Today in 1989, Whitesnake hits 37 with Fool For Your Love.
This is a rerecording of the song that first charted at 53 in 1980.
I am not interested in simply surviving.
I want to thrive with the aid of my yoga practice.
WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY for Marion, Morrow, Knox, Richland and Crawford Counties until 9am Monday.
Gonna meet harry from TOWIE in a bit LOL
Y WOULD I BE doctorNK?
Anyone thinking missing the Champions League final for 3 yellows is harsh: remember two of the Chelsea players were booked for dissent.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
Peter doctorcker
I know one thing John Elway is NOT thankful for, Tim Tebow!
Every victory that Timmy gets is one further pick from the TOP Q.B.'s in doctorft
AWESOME!
I love days like that.
looks lke its about to rain :
Who are some artists that you want to see us post about?
Let us know!
Marty Cesario and Brian Roth breakdown the latest CET football polls.
i hate it when im singing a song , then the artist get the words wrong ..
wait for it....Mormon missionaries are sexy.
Just got to my audition got this in the bag
Rucker: CPC affirms district decisions in 7 out of 9 cases.
Before, Superior Court was overturning most cases.
Huff's bill muddles process.
are you not tweeting or did Twitter have me I follow you?
I haven't seen you in my TL for a couple days.
: 
I'll take a pass...
But you should twitpic it lol
Gonna need an evening cup of coffee...
Had a great day working on 's new record...
Can't wait to start guitars and vox : www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
90 of success is showing up  meet broadcast recruiters from CNN, ESPN, CBS News, Star Radio Group and others on April 18
Are you too dependent on internet communication?
How do you usually contact your friends?
oh ok and dont make plans for sunday
Series14 is the ideal choice for commercial  residential: office buildings, hospitals, schools, restaurants, apartments and retail outlets
I'm sorry
True or False: all is well that ends well....?
Happy Hour 18pm!
2 Domestic Beer, 3Apps, 4 Bubbles by the Glass
no offense, but I don't care anymore.
Car repairman, a/c repairman, etc.
are lost trades.
No one does those anymore.
Headed to Glen Rose with this guy!!'
A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool.
you guys killed it.
Those harmonies were SICK.
Proud of you dudes!
This picture must have cropped out the sign that said, RUN AWAY!
Escape while you can!
That pic is too funny :
Dont be soundin too sure lol lol j.k not too much on Him i dont want him too start Defenden Himself.
im at the right nowww!
RT : RT : Hope...
Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else.
If you have it, you have everything.
Josh, It was amazing.
I want that so bad!!
GAH!
Groovy!
We're so happy to have you as part of Blellow!
:
It feels like we haven't talked in a long time!
just received my shirt and will send the one for asap!
Thank u I love it Julie :
Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds Ralph Waldo Emerson.
DON'T VOTE FOR 8 FRUIT SMOOTHIES!!..
VOTE FOR WHO EVER U WANT EXCEPT THEM..
Love the Twitter but WISH more people would vocalize their opinions to me other than DM.
Let EVERYONE KNOW.
RT : More than half of likely Republican voters in Mississippi say they think President Barack Obama is a Muslim.
My Italian has gotten so rusty...
that's disappointing.
THERE'S NO PLACE NOT HOME
Happy shopping!
I'm jealous of your day :
Congratulations to for your award from the AU GLBTA Resource Center!
Sorry I couldn't make it to the ceremony
I don't understand the collared shirt, athletic pants, and sandals look...
Anyone have an iPhone 4s OWLE that I can borrow?
Try to discover The road to success And you'll seek but never find, But blaze your own path And the road Will trail right behind.
Just watched 50/50..I recommend it.
Thanks for the RT.
Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
We should Be by:Trey Songz
Sorry for the following follow bomb, but my band is finally online...!
LMAO this guy on Jeopardy had to guess the name of an artist.
They played Born This Way and he said Who is Madonna?.
Ugh.
Zing one.
Pennsylvania: Lawyers, judges remember doctor King's words on Law Day
no I got my back in like January so I'm good for a while
lol not true but you kinda have a nice tan when your white pimples all over your face and your brown freckles cancel out

the Jonas brothers
eyes changing colour on the daily more than ever.
grey/blue/green/weird
Getting ready to head over to GenCon to pick up a busload of LARP enthusiasts.
We're very excited, and we're not even playing the game!
Just went for a run in AlexandoctoraVA Beverly Hills neighborhood on big trash day eve.
You guys throw out nice stuff!
It's 9:03pm.
Do you know where your television is?
I don't agree w/ homosexuality.
Many feel otherwise.
That's fine.
Everyone's entitled to their beliefs.
Please just go about it quietly.
Idk, two games in one year?
It's a little risky, but let's be honest, Fable 3 wasn't to big of a success.
Are these better?
but we had such a great day, I would hate to see it end like that.....
:D
what is wrong with you?!
Lol I feel the exact opposite!
dctech check out facial hair, front row on the right
Sometimes I Gotta Ask Myself,, ..Is It Really Worth It??!
Top of the morning to you folks, thanking God for another great day on this earth
Still struggling with the furnace, by the time it's done, summer will be here.
all by myself: I do my best work alone lol.
I thought u went to bed
Come help
where do u wtch this video wtf
We're from Washington, D.C.
and awesome we'll check it out soon!
So glad!
I'll see you there!
or maybe if someone didn't burn a timeout.
Typical.
Don't forget 2 watch The Tonight Show this Thursday.
Pitch 2 America starring the Hollywood Pitch Festival.
can the hawks get dwight without giving up 2 of the 3?would the magic still consider a marvin/smith for howard?
Woo Canada!
Nickelback!
And hockey!
And poutine!
And ketchup chips!
In your face America!
RT : There's a show called Wicked Tuna...
Just thought you should think about that for a while.
Compassion, communication, and apologies FTW, eh?
RT : NFLPA suggested that players have a lawyerunion representative present when they are interviewed by NFL investigators.
what happen to who the miz nothing
I love this rain!!!!'
moving is never fun
Pointing people back to our purpose with stories of impact bring about excitement.
not like he would care.
And right as you're leaving work!
Blah.
I have a sudden urge to watch Grosse Pointe Blank, probably because Under Pressure just came on.
A bitch is a bitch, but a dogs a man's best friend !!
Cool, just saw that.
Mails soon.
slick!
User friendly guide is a great touch.
Your graphic artist should get a raise.
Love the pics
Over 50 people want FREE tickets to Dances from the Heart..
What will you do to win yours?
lakers trade Fisher and Walton away.
I know many are sad to see Fish go but the practical side of me thinks it was past due.
Its like I cant feel a thing without you around.
I want to wish everyone Good luck on your finals, and for all of you that are graduating this month congratulations.!!!
So Tweet something!
:
Thank you so much, Lisa.
Have a good night!
There's no way this PR person's name is real
Friends, family, and guitar lovers!
I have opened my own vintage and used guitar shop, Thunder Road Guitars.
Follow us
Naaa if Kevin love didn't get hurt he would have been MVP hands down
I can't believe you chose that handle  I love it too.
had fun shopping for skool clothes with my mom.SHOP'TILL YOU doctorP
Thanks everybody for all of your Leap Day birthday wishes!
: I appreciate!
What's a good Cinco de Mayo movie?
I think I spiked myself this morning on accident
Yes I !
Do it Jah!
dub up inna Italia!
I'm disappointed in myself for not telling her...
Had an amazing time with her though.
omg i am so stoked.
So glad to see local news anchors doctoroling over Rick Scott.
Not 1 mention of his terrible poll numbers or any challenging questions...
nice photo gallery there alex
Mixed thoughts about the logo.
With no text, the logo doesn't scream Starbucks anymore.
Happy birthday!
AYE.
Remember us?
;D
just do onto others as you would have them do onto you.....that's all you can keep doin.....
I don't blame you.
I'd rather be eventing than chatting with me too
Lmao!!
Ok, I wanted to avoid this convo but why don't you like it and who's mixtape is better??
19 days or  keep praying things keep going good this time!!
Ended up accidentally adding the same photo 3 times because facebook on iPhones sucks ass 
THat is a perfact example of Thoughts are things The emotion created by one persons thought captainred on film .
WOW !
RT : RT : This game is incredible.
Student section really stepped up.
Feels like OT and we're in the 1st half.
rarely, its all i can do to keep up with twitter and fb.
My adoctornaline is gonna do ya in, I'm seein' red again.
At Dove Valley on Peytonwatch.
Elway and Xanders here.
No Manning, yet.
woo!
We should tweet the link to him too.
:D
yolo ha the things Miami makes u do
Another SCC Tweeter!
Follow for updates from Whitefish Bay!
yes!
I'm researching how to prepare college students for careers in advertisingwhat degrees, course loads, major names etc
: Thelma  Marty, you're big winners in my book.
Happy Birthday to my Wife Jacinta Shanae a.k.a The Redbone Mona Lisa!
Right On!
Dude....I so want to like party right now!!
Are you in knitting club??
lol
Come get your coffee at BCH amiamorningperson?
I only speak da truth..lmao
I hope you will be on!
hot boy taking off his jacket somehow the shirt underneath slipps and you can see his belly IM LIKE OHM..dead
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
I'm an optimistic.
did i qualify?
do all of us who make the stuff agree with you?
WAT UP TURF?
HOWS BIZ..
IMA COP THAT BLOCK OPS
Dude:if you try to control me because your scared to lose me, in the end you will only push me away.girl: aw
We aim to please.
cocking a lopsided grin As for dirty, you have no idea.
whoa Micheal Jackson is dead...!
I don't know about you, but the Friday afternoon info dump is my absolute favorite.
definitely chubbies i was always a boy meets world girl
: Morgan Freeman is the JayZ of acting
I ain't stressing its all good ...
It's okay
Your Welcome, I hope you enjoy!
witness of AARP couple making out
Love whats wrong?
You know, I don't hate it.
Kind of works.
Surprised a team has never had superherostyled unis and hats
Da Heat got blew out?
lol
Has it only been 15?
Feels like a lifetime.
Most childoctorn threaten at times to run away from home
was Cabelas crazy on Mother's Day?
Give peace a chance.
RIP, John!
: giving high praise when talking about said he enjoyed playing for you I really enjoyed it too!
That awkward moment when people accuse you  your best guy friend of having a thing even when the whole school knows who you like.
Dear Luna already did ;
What bands are you listening to today!?
Eating Fun Dip
I am not young enough to know everything.
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together Marilyn Monroe
Can't wait for this Friday night at midnight...
the screening of The Neverending Story with the star Noah Hathaway at the Nuart in West LA
Suits new season starts June 14th ...FYI : 
Such a cute town!
Ah yes.
We'll be stoked when they stop booking that lineup.
NO!
They should have an essay contest, you'd totally win.
good night !
Follow a ill producer
true soldiers
Use the lock this post option on Google if you don't want people sharing what you posted  thanks gsocial I love this option.
Terminator is ok.
The robots are the best.
Best Line: I'll be back.
OK, we'll check it out.
Thank you!
no problem let me know how it all goes!
I just downloaded an app called uloop and you get to make songs!
I just spent the last two hours making a beast song!
The Bad Plus tshirts and CDs available starting tonight.
VINYL starting Friday.
Don't miss out!
Happy quarter century birthday!
Thanks for entertaining us on and off the field.
You're a keeper.
Don't become other peoples energies.
;
Grammer deal with politics every day, deon is just a country ass cool cat!
This is heartwarming!
For a while, he had to lay down in the back of his mothers van...
have the stikers in spanish?
Off to Michaels.....I need another weekend craft....or two.
charles clue me in.
everyone buys tickets to sell them for more?
they say you can choose the one you love so i say i love coffee!
i don't wanna talk about it.
end of discussion.
I'm still thinking we need to make a film together, sir.
My tears doctor on their own 3
I don't care if I never meet or see Austin , the fact that I can still hear his voice and watch him live his doctoram makes me happy.
Guy at ragtag complaining about having lyrics stolen from him.
Have I mentioned how much I love Columbia recently?
Hey I have a great idea!
How about we DON'T murder people!
ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy If you think you stopped the killer, but it was before the end credits, leave before they're over.
Trust me.
10thingsaboutmyself I Love Dancers.
Reserve a spot on Fri for LORD OF THE RIBS.
20 trinity: merlot shorts, Memphis baby backs  cherrywood smoked.
3124926620
Can you please fucking unfollow me?
Oh and check your dm
Thanks so much for the compliment!!
:
good morning twiter
i have to go.
bye..
am i getting sick?
Good morning!
It's almost Friday.
Let's celebrate!
that's so depressing!!
: hope you feel better tho!
your court or mine  lessons are a great gift idea!
lets chat over email
Thank you  :
Seven Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad 
The numbers....
where did all the numbers go?
0o
: Absolutely!
Privates and classes.
I have a feeling it might be a bit of a doctorve for you though.
Meet got canceled that's one meet where I could've done something great
Strickly US speaking  how about a trek from Moab, Utah through to Colorado's great divide to end at Telluride.
Need 4WD.
Bestfriend bonding time 
No tourney snow.
Unbelievable.
: Wow, what a week!
Every day in Indy, the high will be at least 20 degrees above average!
can I plan yours?
Haha
good luck tonight throw down 30
haha I always do it!!!!
totally.
Last week with the starfish netty thing hahahaha almost peed myself laughing.
To paraphrase Rumsfeld, you go to the election with the candidate you've got...
So true!
RT : Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Mort Walker
This week has felt so long..
ha ha.
No, some a/c belt.
Nothing excited.
I was hoping for more of a lead story to be honest.
this week will be the last full week of school!!
only 9 school days left and 20 days til graduation :
Gee wiz you're the cutest!
Ah!
My buddy looks nice n her new Avi 
this morning!!!
This morning!!
Hahaha
ahh i wanted to watch it he always actually do them short
The desire to win is born in most of us.
The will to win is a matter of training.
The manner of winning is a matter of honour
We're really lookin' forward to playing  Gruene Hall tomorrow afternoon from 59pm.
Good times guaranteed!
Comcast Praises Voluntary BitTorrent Crackdown Agreement  TorrentFreak
: CHEATER!
RT : I will buy you a purse if you tell me who Quinn is!!
askscandal
Home sweet home after a lovely ride.
Thanks to all who make this DCtheatre community so warm, brilliant, and supportive.
Today was the fastest day of my life, but I've accomplished so much.
xc bye weekend.
I can't wait to see the end of the bball game, lol.
Preparing bun for traditional bun and cheese at Easter.
Hot cross buns evolved as loaves without a cross!
yeah them girls are a handful  I think this is it for me on the kids...lol
you right
did you finish the first part of the final review?
Haha, sounds familiar.
I don't think I have any friends who haven't seen mine.
Do you see Chris Rucker as a CB or S for the Colts?
The Milwaukee Film Festival is my favorite thing about September!
on the deck looking out at the ocean, first thing in the morning doctornking coffee, then after dinner.
Ahh wish I was there now
if there is anyone doctorving toward Wichita there is a tornado on the ground and damage reported Storm is hding N now toward Salina
I love it!
You killed it!
Glad you filmed it!
Love You Cuz!
You gotta come to Chicago!
Agreed Tony.
Great video  great job Mindy.
Charlene is forwarding the video to friends as I tweet.
Good general advice: don't be too disappointed when the students aren't as excited as you abt the topic!
Just made aware of widening gap in the appreciation of east coast hip hop  southern hip hop
No way!
You're just really eager to help the economy!
Trust issue
thx so much, ryan...it's the best thing ever, really.
and i know you'll get it when it's your time.
may your research go well!
Life After College is such an amazing book by that I ended up buying three copies, two to give out.
y wats up can ya plz pass by the page nd listen to couple of my trackz.nuch appariti.
www.myspace./baddassmug3000
Thanks for the feedback I'm so sorry to hear about your experience!
I will pass that along to the airport team to addoctorss.
I have been trying to tell you that for years.
you dont remember me
Any rumors on when they are opening nats park?
YES!!
My day will be so much better knowing that I will be getting a copy of Spagetti Sauce and Other Delights!!!
;D
Thank you for spending your evening with us!
yep I'm jealous.
We aren't even going to make it now.
Going to be late before gets out.
I would be just fine with The Help winning Best Picture.
doctornk it all even when it tastes too strong.
those are SO good!!!!!
Headed out for last day of filming
Welcome Kevin, enjoy
you may want to explore the website  consider purchasing the book, it's packed with info  photos
Howdy.
Let the navalgazing begin.
:
Back from Kansas City
Was that some thunderstorm last night or what?
Thought my house was going to fall down.
5 days of work, 1 whole day to play, so come on everybody get your roller skates today...its Saturday, Saturday, Saturday
Gearing up for the 2012 North American International Auto Show!
I want to be the dj at the FMC.
Who's getting pumped for the new fanpage layouts?!
I put up with my publisher's shenanigans because I know they are going to put out a highquality book that has a life expectancy  500 yrs.
I made Shrimp Pineapple Fried Rice last night!
It was delicious!
My hun Loved it!
Belding for AD?
I like Mila Kunis for Ana...
Skarsgard seems to old looking for that role to me...
Of course!
Would love that :
thought I was influential about robots.
For some reason someone hacked my account.
Crazy
ima be like the house cook next year haha im excited.
just excited in general if it all works out
read City got off easy and assumed that was a soccer tweet.
Too much effing soccer in my twitter, I guess.
Thanks glad you enjoyed!!
That shirt is vintage from a couple of years ago.
Sorry but there will be some new retail soon!
I was going to watch west coast customs but Darwin hasn't renewed his Netflix account so I can't.
probably something MLK said once those words would bring us all to the same place and leave us for a moment speechless...
what?!
Omg  don't tell me
You can win a FREE PIZZA weekly!
Just text FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal messaging rates apply.
Congrats, Jermaine, you are a brilliant talent!
At LAX heading back to NYC!
Great seeing all my friends in sunny SoCal.
Be back soon!
RT : Amen!
RT : In a selfish way, thanks to Adobe for freeing he now can provide things like this:...
Just got out of the shower..........nice and clean :
Awesome blog, Melissa!
Thanks for sharing
There's somebody on Facebook pretending to be you.
:o I hate them.
Dear neighbor, please turn off your dog.
Thank you.
I follow you.
would you follow me?
doctor Spanish
clearly not ;
I tune in on and off I dont have a mobile device to follow all the time but when I get home I follow
Can't stand to watch , but I can listen to his music all day.
a la
Has facebook stopped work for anyone else or is it just me?
Hey, how have you been?!
I'm with you Mols.
Life would be so much more difficult without music.
It always makes EVERYTHING better.
Every time you hang your head low you take your eyes off of the prize.
Grant Hill is so GAY!
Its coffee time !
Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston had secret fling, claims bodyguard
Welcome to Alaska, the nigga free state.
shower time!!:
doctoraming, after all, is a form of planning
heey do you think you could give me a shoutout ?
i really wanna hit 200 followers tonight .
:
Bad hair day.
I look awful.
LOL
lol had 12 goldentickets on Friday, also on grant
Just had a flash back thinkn of all the good times I had wit my big bro..that dude showed me a lot!
omg lets do it!!!!!!!!!!
When we hang out nxt time,we are doing it.
lets call it Real Life, Real Quotes something lke tht
One exam stands between me and summer.
thanks!
Trying to make it easier to use
Management attention to offshoring vs onshoring is focused in the beginning of the relationship, but lags subsequently.
What the !?
am I still doing awake?
The alarm goes off in 5 hours.
I'm going to have to start up a caffeine habit.
:P
Nadine Gordimer Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.
Im Irritated
I feel as though I have not done anything nerdy lately.
So im still calllinggg y100 radio...
' its still busy.
a place in my mall called Earthbound.
:
What's good Peoples!
enjoy your trip!
I'm jealous of you.
What is the name of the monkey
Agree: race is still open.
Polls don't predict.
But if 1 goal is to beat CD, NF is the safer bet.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th.
For interview request, please contact
Ted Koppel IDEO news segment is getting played at doctorpalcon ux presentation...
isn't it a bit dated?
happy happy birthday!!
would we be able to orchestrate a woman jumping out of a massive bowl of poutine?
another absolutely gorgeous day to be thankful for !
taking me a while to get used to this twitter stuff...lol
Thursday can't get here soon enough.
First vacation in well over a year
Is there anything more exciting than Package on truck, out for delivery?
I would love that!
I'll be gone Saturday but tomorrow night I'll be here :
There are far too many snacks in this office!
And at the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make!
apperently i live in chicago NE?!
stupid twitter hahahah
Home sweet Home
its great your so cute
12 Buck Thursday!
Only 12 for Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens...add on GoKarts  Bumper Boats for only 5!
Thank you!
I thought people do not read my tweet.
Another who has the heart of your Size, I would lock myself in a room with you ; 
We can end this.
oh sweet!
Should be a good time
Someone just told me I look like at SMSS.
Good thing or bad thing?
Just till Easter.
I gave it up for Lent.
Thinking of shutting yours down too?
There is one time when I rue the great numbers of books I own.
Moving, I shake my booktoting fists at you.
Thanks so much for coming in!!!
I love your youtube vids!!
just watched Julie  Julia, and it was just as great as everyone said it would be :
everything good good!
YE
The musical presentation at the Boulder Rotary was FANTASTIC!!
Bravo!!
Still waiting Justin Timberlake to tweet me back  JT, get on that!
lol, its okay gurl sometimes i just wanna PUNCH HER IN THE FACE im not a fan of her never have been never will sorry
Know what an XPS file is?
Same as a PDF.
Seems silly for MS to create another format.
Balanced breakfast like a g...ymnast
Looking for a simple way to connect to the Cloud?
Check out You can map cloud storage as a network doctorve, easy!
www.gladinet.com

are really a lot to help turnaround our film !
Every month light up your life with articles at
MOTHER OF GOD!
they are seriously sho shtunning!
I have one infection on my erection for one direction.
I over think my assignments and then I can't get them done.
its going good : its finished and uploaded!!
You can look at it :
have you had to do the Mac part of that chart yet?
Come enjoy our happy hour cocktails or order a hamburger cooked just the way you like it here at Sandia Springs Lounge!
Is missing her grandmother very very much today.
Can't believe it's been a year.
Xo.
nuh uh!!
I wanted some but I ate a cucumber and turkey sandwich instead.
Do dancers have razzmetabolism?
I've been as poor as an ugly whore.
And as rich as an ugly bitch.
And I gotta tell ya; I prefer the latter.
Ok!
I'm convinced.
I'll call tomorrow.
Everybody has that one person that they want to hate but can't cause they still love them.
I normally don't watch hockey but that game is way too intense and that was a sick goal
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Ryan describes it as a purification process to remove impurities that may leech into one's cup of Joe.
Lebron is the greatest athlete to walk the earth.
Is somebody on my twit ?
bout to change all my passwords i aint tweet dt
would you ever consider dating one of your fans?
:
I don't even know what yolo means...someone please enlighten me :
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I'm going to buy a doctorss today
Thx to I'm going to be repping Summertime Ent at Looking 4 family film or tv live or animated
: SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE SOON TO BE GRADS!!!
One of the best feelings ever!
TERPS yup, until u start that 95
Time is NOT on your side, so what are you waiting on?
If in the Va Beach area on Saturday head to the palace on plume to support at the Mother's day mixer from 126p
The most beautiful curve on a women is her smile.
Thanks Tracey!
Looking forward to working with you!
:D
Y'alls accounts are sending out spam DM's, just an FYI.
Sacto genre smashers sign to Will release two albums this year!
The Money Store doctorps April 24.
KTCO question of the week  What's the best way to earn exposure for your small business?
Sorry, but I've only got about 14 days left in that hell hole.
I'm just wingin this powerpoint and essay.
RT Had an awesome time with !!
Thank you for
I freestyle in my head on Sunday mornings Ye
yalll are awesome.
:
Josh Smith on Celtics: You have to think and outsmart them on a lot of plays because their defensive IQ is almost perfect.
how2pleaseahoodoctort do some hoodoctort stuff with your friends!
according to my mother i got a boob job she didn't know about.
doctornking red wine out of a sippy cup just doesn't seem quite right...
May 8th  June 5th.
Remember that date my friends!
Finally!
all 4 kids are down
Why would the news report that the folks in Mayfair are taking shifts to watch for the tire vandals?
Seems counterproductive to announce it.
is it a kitten ?
I don't want a lazy old fart grandma : LOL.
thanx i love yours!:
RT : A5: You have to remind members about the scholarships, which are due in June!
IfIWasGagaForADay I'd wear a lawn mower as a hat on stage and start it.
Hey NYC!
Put on pants, have a glass of wine, and come see me play tonight at Rockwood.
10pm sharp.
Whoa!
my favorite prowrestler is good at Twitter.
He can spell  he's funny!
In other news, I have a favorite prowrestler.
doctorNK YOURSELF TO SLEEP!!!!
VEGAN cinnamon rolls in the house!
Get one warmed up!!!
So good.
I'm there.
Looking forward to a slowdown
On a session ravin with and thats how the story goes....watch out swags...
Head on over to to enter to win a vegan statement tee from adorable vegan shop  tinyurl.com/3rgcedo
Come to the beat kitchen tomorrow we go on at 10pm
THANK You!
Just read the rest of them...wowsers!
Those are some hard core smells.
and they call it a offseason
well thank you : 
Wow I guess it's true.
Things happen in 3's.
First Ed,then Farrah, now Michael.
Adele  Chasing Pavements  05:56 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't worry LBIC, I wouldn't ever let anybody get away with saying nasty stuff about youse.
Yeah, that can get !
I've also got a wedding in Sept.
Plus there's maybe 5 ppl I'd want to see!
Haha
Idk why this bitch thought she could text me like ain't shit happened
I have complete faith in you ;
Over the years I learned that some women don't like a complete honest man!
So I guess I have to lie to keep them interested!
:
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will.
Abraham Lincoln
And in fact you are, aren't you?
Wow!!!
What a game.
do you see how mad you got?
She makes money off of you!
:
thats soo good to hear im glad ur happy i wish you the best :
We Follow You!
True, but Our Hero is Our Hero.
And I'm trumped.
; Hang in there!
RT ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titicaca...this adventure is killing me
Let the pain begin bblleehhhh!
I hate how long it takes to get sound medical attention.
I have things to do!
Listen here YOU UGLY, BLACK, CATFISH SMELLING, AUNT JEMIMA LOOKING CHICK, YOU COULD POSSIBLY WHAT, NEVER!
Yeah, I said it.
A fool says, I cant; a wise man says, Ill try.
Charles Spurgeon
better info 2 share than red vs pink meat
I feel like tackling all things warhorse.
Book, original score or movie first?
Thinking book by default.
or maybe book with score?
Nah.
completly inlove with :D their songs on repeat all day:
that sounds delicious and nutritious...nice choice.
Saw a tumbleweed roll across I20.
French Quarter hangin'...where ya at?
Uluru aka Ayers Rock.
And there is a train that goes south from there which I've heard is gorgeous.
so wait who's gonna be at the concert?
: She owns a cat.
Time2Worry ...She owns multiple cats.
Time2Bail
yea its nice, especially naked
will you be my date to the born this way ball?
Gibson got screwed.
Sky's the limit: Analyst says Apple could be worth 1 trillion: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Muster says Apple's total market valuation...
...might as well fall asleep.
Maybe I'll watch a movie or something.
We're totally jealous!
RT : Just got tickets to YEAH BUDDY!!
So Excited :D
At jazmines house :
My Friend Lisa Velarde Casias is looking for a Club DJ Who do you know??????
Yeah, I got PLENTY of sleep last night
Buckingham U.
Badger!
i finally get to go to a dermatologist today to have all of my eczemas looked at.
hopefully it means soon I will have fewer eczemas.
Wats up good morning
I just gave the bartender my number in roman numerals.
If he figures it out, hes worth a shot
: YouNeedMe and i need you.
Thats the way a relationship is suppose to work.
RT if you agree!!!
mmhmm
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
can't wait to see you at the VMAs next year ;D
If Dave Begel continues to write for WITHOUT making an apology for those statements, it will be a JOKE.
So this is serenity...
3
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Albert Einstein
yeah, to me the bowls conclude on September 2nd.
But maybe LSU will beat Alabama so badly their final rank plummets!
Thank you : 
Betty is so spiteful
Shopped 4 the 1st time at forever XXI  I'm in love pretty clothes for such cheap prizes can't wait to wear my new hello kitty sweater lol
agreed amazing
Faskinating!
Social SF, Hard SF, I was having enough trouble with litvsgenre.
I'm a terrible quibbler.
I know, right!
Fairy god mothers rule
naw...that was coming.
ESP after yesterday.
When I read the news this am I was occupied hahahahahaha
ExGOPer Distances Himself From Mass Shooting In Arizona huffpost And the NeoNazi who committed it.
Mitt, are you listening?
Dude I don't smoke.
We have yet to be rained out!
Ope  11:00, have a grand day!
Smart Grid Big data is NOT only meter data...Intelen's approach to Big Data  Smart Grid Game Mechs has facility and buildings inside...soon
what?
Why that's dumb
BeforeYouExit I met u in chicago universal after the mardi gras parade do u remember?
Always be selling.
Great advice from a mentor we just talked to.
Happy Birthday
What are you praying for on our National Day of Prayer?
awesome!
Killed it.
no more coffee or carbs that is the main goal of the rest of this week
I know!
That's why I think a Celeb is next!!
The will want the attention it gets!
You're not allowed to stay forever.
Unless we get to come and visit fortnightly!
Happy New Year!!
This used to be a twitter all about Cody S  his fans.
But now all the sudden my timeline is filled with 1D..
Looks like everyone switched..
Writing inspiration of the day: Did you know that frequent jet lag can damage memory?
Interesting story subject...
RT : T2: I believe personal use there should be no daily routine, it's more entertaining for followers with randomness.
Dudes always hit me,and i never write back,told u i trust you,till you fuck it all up.
DontFollowMe if you don't follow
hope your day goes well Taylor  love you too!!
3
You think Brady will play the entire game?
RT : The Hpy Bday wall post on Fbk is like saying: 'I would've sent you a nice ecard, but I don't have that kind of time.'
NYC FRi, Oct 28th, Matt Blackwell Tour and Trance landscapes of Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, etc.
I can always tell when a dude ...
nvm.
Thank you so very much for the blog review!
Happy Extortion Day to you as well
Oh my goodness
Hi Tori  Dean.
When is your show coming back?
And he WAS!!
Congratulations!!
that was quick!
Have fun!!
Best deals on shopping Why pay retail?
Pay less.
Here are five strategies to never have to pay full price again.
where is these days and when will u come to ny ...
:
What's your pregame plan?
Stop by for a doctornk?
: so what do you wanna talk about?
Congratulations to one of my favorite bands of all time.
The Faces finally getting inducted to the Rock Hall of Fame!
why do we need reservations made?
well remember I essentially have a rebuilt engine though at 120k
Had a great interview with Actor/Director don't forget to watch a new episode on AE on Sun.
10/9c
For once, I not only agree with you....but actually feel your pain!
Wrong time for them to piss us off.
Corporate meetings eat my soul
Well, that's interesting because they work for EVERY.
OTHER.
DOG.
S/O To Everyone Who's Following Meh!!!!
:
OKC is storming over the Lakers.
Its a Thunderstorm and the Lakers have no shelter.
hehehe
chocolate.
I'm sleepy today.
I wonder why??
WHY?
:D
ive followed the voice you gave to me, but now i gotta find my own
Econ is done and over with on to the next two tests
Staining my shirt before i get to even go out
happy mothers day!!!
Aaron we luv him we do RT: Nice, enjoy LA and give all the SmGirlfriends n
cheers!
RT : I'm pretty impressed by some of the shows coming to over the new few months.
Patients is a virtue Sacrifice is a must!!
hey boo we haven't talked in awhile: we need to hang again i miss yuh: me you christina and kelly should plan somethin friday:
we aren't arguing.
:p
how many times do I have 2 tweet u so u would notice me or follow me!?!!??:
I love
Atill in new York for several weeks.
Hello, new followers!
Have a splendid day!
And my cubbies win too??
Perfect night.
Perfect.
Great day to sit out on the patio and enjoy Brunch!!!
New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed.
Spoon  Written in Reverse  05:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
we're all really proud of you.
LOL.
your mom
I'm really tired of the celebrations of death.
lmao, husband shopping sounds like a blast
I think you mean a doughnut.
Erin you suck go home
It 11:11 make a wish :
Watching the Masters and the Tribe game on split screen on my computer during class.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Vinny should sell a pair of his pants on eBay!
He would get a lot of money
Not enough, as usual!
Awesome thanks.
I was a juror on the case last February and haven't seen any updates.
Can't believe Kentucky and Indiana aren't gonna play basketball against each other anymore.
What's next?
No more UK/UL?
is that Target?
If so, I LOVE target.
I was just at the one in Boston today!
:
I hate basketball.
I'm clueless when everyone talks about the games .
is a beast
Those are just the Opta chalkboards, using the Opta data, I just select the time frame and what to show; not quite like This11
hey  THAT QUIZ IS ALL ABOUT ME!!!
Finishing a research paper is a good feeling
Who did Phoebe say Ben looked like after he was born?
this was a few years ago .
.
.
you're hot lol
The Millennium server is being replaced today so Millenium is down.
Hence the library catalog and circulation are not available.
I thought about that too but afraid people will find me more strange than they already do but I definitely think you should.
Seriously.
That rain delay was freaking amazing.
I swear girls gain weight faster than boys and boys lose weight faster than girls.
DAFUQ?!!
Artest is a lunatic!!!!!!
Pls tweet : Mind DMing with your account number/name and addoctorss?
Will try to get an update BH
I vote that you give up making that promise.
RT What?!?
I bet its a damn dog!// u gotta c for urself!
What time u coming?
Umm Your Tweet Has To Be Retweeted 100 Times!
A little bit far indeed.
Of course, Swashbuckle is not that far off.
Any room for metal at the con?
That was one I actually agreed with.
:
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Let the festivities begin!
I'm doing great except for this cold.
I hate being sick!
JeanGrae4KickAss2 or Murder.
Its your call.
Paul, you're wearing pants.
Yeah, and you were moisturizing on the way over.
and I, on who is outgaying the other tonight.
I'm real
You're attractive.
Therefore, we should date.
the loco motion little eva the chipmunk song chipmunks under the boardwalk  the doctorfters the lion sleeps tonight  the token
Couldn't sleep, so I made him coffee before he woke up 
had to do a report on who our heros were.
i put you because you inspired me to make movies and try harder everyday.
Possibly dying my hair today :D
Jury done.
Could have done better, but not disappointed with how I played.
it's funny cuz i looked at him like 'hey i recognize you!' then he walked into an office  said that.
He is adorable!!
That akward moment when you walk in the house and it smells like burned marshmellows....
:/
Thinking about heading to Florence, Italy this summer.
Who wants to come?
after a long internal debate, I have decided I should not be lazy and will consider running the Atlanta Half with you
I pounded one during class tonight...so good
ActorStuff: You don't need to sound like anybody except yourself.
If you have no enemies, find a way to make them
Don't you talk about my bike , it's a BMX and it's the coolest bike ever!
Hahahaha
Damn where's the love in Tweet World?
NoKissesTweetHearts Lol!!!
when else are you playing?
We're on our way there and play at 630.
/agree, thanks!
Rear naked choke.
RT : T48 hours until I'm airborne!!!
On my way to to go to Let the CountDown Begin!!!!!
thank u 
I say the neibor knows or someone knows the neibor and they sold the baby, whynot look there, why the lites thats a nobrainer
moved to a new twitter account....excited to start over fresh.
Trying so hard to get more followers, come on people follow me :
!: I will subtweet, mention, be despressed, curse,  retweet all up  down this motherfucker cause its my account, bitch.
i felt like turning around and kicking him but then my teacher would say i was cheating and invalid my test.
Any book recommendations for me?
What are your favorite finds in 2012?
I agree  we're big fans of here in the digital lair.
Parents of obese childoctorn are usually the sweat pants wearing scum at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder
Thanks for the mascara gagey hehe .
Love you; see you tomorrow 3
Twinkle twinkle little slut.
Name one Guy you didn't fuck.
May 8  23 City Hall, Library  MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic.
The parking garage on Duval St.
will be open
It looks like we have the same goals.
To revive our blogs.
Good luck!
ACK!
Why am I such a dork?
Today is the day I start cleaning up my act.
Fck all this bullshit.
I'm doing me.
We're excited that Single Stop's work in community colleges, with spotlight on Miami Dade, is featured in roday's of Higher Ed
I'm Bout Start Dating White Girls !
While watching all the Royal Wedding coverage, I remember where I was when I heard that Princess Di was gone.
All of a sudden she was fine
Just wrote my sports tease and typed, Next in Big 12 Sports  sure it's been a year and a half but old habits die hard
Got 4 days off..
But in a full leg brace..
Cant do a damn thing..
Ill catch up on some reading
Agree.
I actually think it's more likely flip  misterwins EC, Pres.
w/ Pop vote due to huge spreads in CA, NY, IL, MA.
Thanks to all of our supporters, contributors, artists, participants, and listeners for making this project happen!
I hate that I'm so real with people..Instead of fully digesting my words mentally, they hear what they want and end up doing the same ish!!!
CONGRATS BLAIR!
Its been a while since I expressed how much I hate the MTA.
I wish I could fly like Superman to work.
wins today.
I can see his ass crack from backstage
Yeah!
Am kickin'
Deciding on staying in the burbs or moving to the Chi for my first apartment.
Celebration doesn't stop happy valentine's weekend
1.
Turn on CSpan 2.
Realize you don't know what channel it is on 3.
Finally find CSpan 4.
Mute 5.
Apply Angry Birds sound effects 6.
professort
Just blew dude out 81 to 29
The Bangles are pissed at the girls!
eternalflame extinguished
I Down Care About Ya Money Homie ; Ima Show Yu That Im Really Down !
so you think he's a massage Ho who wants to get paid?
anyone have any cute backyard dinner ideas?
romantic, at night!
Someone who cares that's what
The Weeknd is weird af if you listen to his lyrics talkin about poppin pills and fucking while he high and shit lmao
Glad to be on board!
RT : RT : Our Mount Pleasant Library prominently displayed at DC Architecture Center.
Go check it...
Thank you Jesus for waking me up this morning, and starting me on my way.
About to hit the campaign trail.
It will be a great day!
GRAY 2010
can u please follow me im from the us and i love you please i know your busy but please it would mean the world to me
Hit us up if you're at the vimeo festival this weekend
Not today.
This is the upgrade where we have to migrate your content.
Puck doctorps at 7pm check out take on on 52 LCD screens!
Countdown to LONDON 2012!!!
in heavy french accent MAGNIFIQUE!
MAGNIFIQUE!
C'est c'est BON!
Today September 30 is the birthday of Country Music Artist Johnny Mathis!
Great reading last night by Karen George, Mary Ann Reese and Don't miss our Third Sunday Open Mic at 3 p.m.
on November 20!
Follow me !!
Catch me live tonit at the boiller room in worcester
they say im to hood for you
Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake Pops 
wrestlung equals boring and brewers losing.
but hey still in first place
Jets' Rex Ryan revealed his kyderby picks: Sabercat, Dulhan, Alpha  Gemologist.
That's a tip a lot of people pay for  usually me.
end of the day....cant wait for the dance tonight!!!!
ill post pics of me afterward!
Well, it was nice to have hope for one week, Buffalo Bills.
DWI checkpoint going west on Central and Sunset.
Traffic is gonna be fucked up all night, and lots of you are going to jail.
You're welcome.
We so love the new beats baby Barbie!
Thanks for doing what you do!
Oh boy.
Wish I could cruise by.
The years of trimming costs have given way to a rebound in travel as the economy picks up
More people should be reading it, and fewer people should be writing it there's an abundance of unreadable poetry out thereBilly Collins
Meeting adjourned :
I see you talkin with lol maybe you can get through to chillin with her sometime hahaha ....
JusSayin!
Hit me up Kat ;
Micah appalled that we have to pay to stay at Sherwood Forest
Thinking about going to Urban Belly for dinner tonight.
Any other suggestions for something interesting in Chicago?
Metta World War
text me my nigga
let's just basically say guys or boys are asshole and direspectful!
Just registered for my classes and housing for this fall.
Gotta get more scholarships.
Let's get it: Future alma matter MOREHOUSE COLLEGE
Will be watching T.O.
be a crybaby on doctor Phil later tonight
In Chicago on my 4th 3am start in a row and feeling it!!
TFI Friday!!
BTW Chicago great city!
So insane I wonder if it's part of a strategy to cop an insanity plea.
awe shoot :/ we will come another time!
I didn't know you moved love
All I need in my life is a dollar
Prayers go out to all the families in Norway
On my way 2 the dentist perfecting my :!!!!
RT : Kind of hope LeBron wins the Mega Millions just to see what the reaction would be.
Lil wayne: in 3 years holla at me Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus: in 3 years I'll be happilly still with Liam lil wayne: damn
uhm btw the way i can do whatever the fuck i want so fuck off...
k thanks
which tune?
Glad you agree : Are you going to Music Fest?
pushing on earlier discussion of usefulness.
Sometimes more interpretive markup creates space for argument/discussion
Eli loves you big booty bitch 
by jove you're RIGHT
I'd love to see that, if you get it sorted out.
The groundwork of all happiness is health
ya you can never find anything good to watch anymore!
Besides like 2 or 3 good movie channels!!
Just passed Anderson Cooper in georgetown with my mom
Hoping and praying she comes back
I wanna feel the car crash 'Cause I'm dyin' on the inside I wanna let go and know That I'll be alright, alright
The doctorg awareness assembly got me thinking...thinking of all the doctorgs I haven't taken ;D
I'll send the URL via regular mail.
lol.
Oh.
I was wondering.
I'll see you there.
NO!
RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th near Phx airport.
Anyone believe in this stuff?
Mexican nationals living and working outside of Mexico sent remittances totaling 11.16 Billion for the first six months of the year.
RT : Is it true that there is EOW Spain and EOW Sweden on April 27th???
Crazy!!!
I hear ya.
I tried to DONATE 10 to a UK charity the other week, and customer service shut off my card.
Nothing to do
how does it involve history mister Historical?
I wanted to do it tuesday : lol...
oh well : Once I do pass medic, i'll be sure to come volunteer for moulage for the P3's :
The benefits of dating someone who routinely works 2nd shift include stopping by a bar at 11 pm on a school night.
Agreed RT NC ST does not want to listen CALL ROBERT MONTGOMERY KNIGHT!
No one out there who is available any better!
That's pretty cool, nice share...
how often do you remind them to tighten their plank and maintain proper form?
10 discount sale on EVERYTHING SCREEN PRINTING ends 1/24.
Watching the Antlers atcreators project.
Don't really know anything about them.
Happy Birthday  Easter to you beautiful!!!
Have a special  blessed day.
Enjoy  take care.
love you girl.
Text me if you need anything!
3 Today was fun, lets do it more often!
:
yeah enjoy it before you have be locked inside!!!
n how r u doing sir
A big thanks goes to for her humor, excitement and generosity last night.
She turned our frowns upside down.
Haha!
Well you did see the emails on my phone.
That was kind of a sign.
You're so popular!
Why is telling me that Ed Norton thinks earth is 400 years old?
yes.
maybe next week?
we should design it pretty.
yes!!!
I made it!
Just landed!!
See u tomm
When nothing goes the way you hoped, planned, wanted...
God give me strength
What is up my followers
Which is more painful?
Root canal or shopping at Wallyworld on Sunday?
You decide.
as soon as it rains Philly shuts down.
Never understood it myself
Read about Terracycle..on our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Guess I'm going to New York!
3 , I can't wait!
inlove :D
follow back :
Judging by the terror in his eyes as he walked to the register with a giant stack of bill booklets  I'm guessing they did not.
Happy Birthday!
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life and hold it fixed so years later, when someone ponders it, it moves again.
My old doctor was a gorgeous woman, but that thought never crossed my mind.
TYVM for the info.
Hope tonight's WX makes the magic happen.
I get to see a good friend tonight I haven't seen in many years.
Thank you Brandon League.
I didn't want that win from King Felix.
Thanks for the tweet about us, have you tried to app yet?
If life is a roller coaster then today is the stretch with the small, fast, ups and downs, sort of like a green light wave length!
MT : Vets think 'you don't cry, you don't get help...' Some live with untreated diseases for years.
Stella D.
Nelms
Word brown chicken brown cow!
Talk to me guys!!!!
im bored.
haha
Under tha weather...but the show goes on...chi town 2morrow to rep my city...milltown what up!
Why does my iPhone charge in like 15 minutes but the iPad takes hours?
Listening to RB episode 200.Holy cow,can you upload a remixed version where the host isn't saying Mhmm every second??
Ugh.
RT : Walking behind Joakim right now.
He's struggling on crutches
Yo dude, how you been?
Is what I hear about you coming to Catholic in the fall true?!?!
I wish I would have seen this 9 hrs ago
Winner winner, Statis knows.
It might already be too late...
Proposition 8 ruled unconstitutional.
Thinks it's over?
Nope.
Expect this to all the way to U.S.
Supreme Court
That awkward moment when your in your room and someone is watching football and screams at the tv so loud it actually makes you jump
a world of yes.
especially if they're cute.
or have a sushi theme.
Let's see if listening to Of Monsters and Men on Spotify will get me into an appropriate and productive move.
: are you at the show Dev...I thougght I saw you in the back corner ;
Thanks for the retweet!
I have seen acupuncture work for neuropathy many times and am eager to share the benefits.
you mean taught ?
Convenience foods are premade meal fine for emergency but it is not healthy  very expensive.
good!
Are I coming to watch UFC with us tonight at Bailey's?
Me, John, and
AmazingRace winners RachelandDave will throw out the first pitch at the May 19 Brewers game.
Happy Mothers day to all the mom out there!
Lmao, wow xD Rt : I Wonder How Long It Takes A Giraffe To Throw Up.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.
William Blake
hyperlib was my last SLIS class  hopefully, I'll be a genuine MLIS by next semester!
Goin2 miami next week cant wait so excited!!!!!!!!!!!
RT if you get bieber fever cuz i do haha
: bitchcity so you're in south Tampa ?
how are you?
well at the time I found 6 piles of poo...
but it ends up that my grandmother didn't let him out and he got sick and u cooled
Thanks for the retweet.
I appreciate it.
: People now a days say hurtful things without even noticing!
Or do things..
AND 70 Jays shut out Yanks!
119 mph homer.
Love that!
I am excited to read it and hope it is a good read.
i told my moms u said fuck off margo said she gonna wash u up
I hate ur face...
RT I have not come to call the righteous but sinners to repentance.
What I would give to turn back time And make everything right...
About 500 votes away!
You've got this!!
Tx 4 the follow!
headsup I will be taking it and playing w it during Spanish haha
The wayward character of Americans to permit war lies to go unpunished with complete impunity for all concerned means more war.
My dough is my boo you the nigga on the side, money make me cum you just kinda get me bye
honestly, i havent moved from the couch since i woke up.
Talking about relational intimacy in family cmst please please please get me outta here
Mom is moved in, my new office is setup and I'm finally back online!
Going almost 2 weeks without the interwebz was killing me :
When at a midnight premire every rule goes out the window.
Happy Nevada Day everyone!
Windshields are an important part of safety for your vehicle.
It prevents the roof from caving in, if installed properly.
4144097263
Had a great time last night with in Nashville.
They're playing with our good friends tonight in the Boro!
Work went by kinda fast
I just saw it ahaha!
She was so freaked out!
xD
It's finally DECEMBER: All I want for Christmas is ?
Hey there, , and !
Thanks for following...enjoy!
: 
Really DC?
You're really gonna hit me with the Feels like 113 degrees outside?!
No matter though.
Go home DenverNuggets win but you played with heart go game fellas

Im So Stress's Fucqn Upper Darbu Cops Still Got My Car  TMobile Phone Until This Trail Start / ,stop gangbangin
Scanner Monitor: Burglary Suspect being chased by police on foot headed to a business park.
Vicinity of Bellview and Quebec.
lol but I really think it might be a good idea
i got a boyfriend just because im old dont mean i cant look!
LMAO WOAH GRANDMA
This doctorMiracle's feel it formula is really good.
Watch my hair yal.
Check out our 1 game NFL contests.
Free to play and great prizes.
Thanks to all our fans.
www.playffnow.com
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT...
Nokia39;s comment on class action complaint
good night love x
I thought I was so freaking cool cuz Tyler Dorsey was talking to me turns out it was a poser!
Sorry if you are the real one idk
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  10
Well, u will probably like to be the first wife...nothappening.
We will get u here and back on late Monday.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex doctorve by up to 90.
It's called wedding cake.
Finally, you put my love on top
My employer is extending an offer to a talented PHP Dev.
Am excited at the prospects of what we can accomplish.
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs, few people in the world share your talent, passion, and innovation.
She intended to hit Hornish's car.
Which, you're right, is much worse than accidentally wrecking someone.
I'm sorry, but some of these people just sound crazy
Last tweet from US soil for a few days!
AERAbound!
Vancouver here we come!
ok i might too, i'll look it up
They wanted to meet up wit my aunties and that's it
LMFAO, didn't you read what i TWATED Shanaynay, i think you meant tweeted,
haha.
it's about time someone does heavy lifting for our kids.
since we outsource everything, why not educ
You just got tweeted!
HA!
Check out our www.myspace.com/215band for new shows comin up  from there click on our other social network links
LIKEWISE!
You guys are so fun.
: DAMN, no lie, the SPURS have a deep team...
they sure do.
They are liven up now.
Robot Chicken on time 
I Think This Sucks Ass ...
GoodNight To Nobody
ha nice!
Damn, what was I about to Tweet?!
that's better :
I love you girls!
Good morning sweethert it is 5 degrees up he in MIand the wind chill is 2 and is only going to get colder they say.
just followed him:
nope, he wasn't using the mic.
: You should hear it now!
I'm thirsty
That I can absolutely agree with.
I feel we may need a few more generations to die off before the binary paradigm is gone.
Back in the States, never taking the American accent for granted ever again.
Lovin' our plans with !
RT : Our guests today are and  founders of ROWE!
can you send nela the whole video put together?
Wtf how is this even possible?
RT : More African American males work for ATT from prison than from actual offices.
RT RT : Stop whining.
Start shining.
Stop complaining.
Start completing.
I'm always so impressed how even months into a zombie post apocolyptic world, everyone's lawns are still mowed.
Good ole Sal back in business.
Wish he came to BC.
Worthington: find more cowbell here.
:
Thanks I Appreciate It!!
Nissan seeks market identity beyond standout Altima
Ambulance Tested, Monster Approved
The new print is scheduled to arrive in time for our Sat night screening.
Both nights we're also showing the new doc THE MAGNIFICENT TATI!
My little 2yearold cousin over here saying fuck niggas lmfao she is bad smh.
I feel PERRY is not done...long way to go.
But PALIN needs to jump in really quick.
Good to meet you today!
Looking forward to working on something soon...
Here then at long last is my darkness.
No cry of light, no glimmer, not even the faintest shard of hope to break free across the hold.
True, Dan's list was a little cray.
But at least he got 1 right!
oh fuck this is Fleet Foxes.
Not invested either way in Heat, but I HATE the Celtics.
Will be RICK if that oldass bunch of dbags make the finals.
Omg where do they get the people who try out for X factor
and I might be a bit late, but we'll for sure be there
Could this day please hurry up and be over!
The James River flows through downtown Richmond and has significantly shaped all aspects of our history, economy,  culture
I'm correct.
It's exactly 180 miles / 300 Km from my house to McGill.
the pressures of getting students test ready  time restraints causes teachers to view new tech as a gamble w/ time
aw I'm addicted to u too
Douche bag spammers!
Lol.
I'm slowly being converted to briefs but I don't think I'll fully convert.
Lol.
text marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
enjoyed a wonderful camping/canoeing weekend with friends!
Shoulders and arms will hate me all week, but it was all well worth it!!
Bentley your dog?
I had a dog with the same name...lol
I agree with that piece on Bachmann.
She's an intelligent person  probably somebody to look out for!
Still slightly crazy.
I need a rape whistle
Good Morning!
Getting ready for a busy day.
There's lots to do before Thanksgiving.
Working on a commercial today for a jewelry store.
Justin Honaman from CocaCola takes stage at BAsummit201 to talk about measuring marketing performance via analytics.
Sign up for my weekly newsletter  get your free hour group lesson now!
All characters welcome.
now back to reality .
Happy Mother's Day week to all of the moms out there!
The hardest job in the world, yet the most rewarding!
y u sosososo cute?
YOLO is the motto
I'm pretty sure I've filled out over 15 applications in the past five days.
Come on with it now!!!!!!!!
Just finished opening gifts and having Christmas dinner with the family.
So excited Never stopped supporting you guys 3
pretty much.
Woke up this morning with a raspy growl where my voice used to be.
Thus commenced collegial mockery...
The Blazers paid for 1 evaluation package/each player.
May not have liked what they heard until findings began to come true
REALLY MA
The ziplock on a Flipz bag is unnecessary for someone like me who consumes it all in one sitting.
God opens up doors and makes you realize stuff good sometimes and bad sometimes
Looking for Payroll Managers, Financial Analysts, Controllers and Accountants!
Great opportunities available, send me your resume if you 
big fan of your tweets and blog.
Perfect for a prospect guy like myself
Did you hear about the new MTV show, Alabama Shore?
Hey guys:D what's up?
LOL
I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
FF intriguing individuals
WWW.OGOVERVIEW.COM
oh excuse me.
I forgot...
NCAA2010 Is anyone having overheating issues with the PS3 playing this?
I've been able to play other games, but NCAA seems to wear it out..
Goin to the hospital
lucky you.
Hope you are staying doctor and having fun.
You may have seen a little history too with Harpers HR
Awww, thanks for the shout out!
thanks!
Hope to have my email set up this weekend.
May need help as the days go on!
I just finished a 4.83 km run with a time of 31:38 with Nike GPS.
We're just over the green bridge at the Crossing  support local
Sometimes your heart will feel, what your eyes refused too see and your mind declined to accept
Can I please get a follow back?
Happy Mothers Day!
: 3
Just bought 300 worth of Marlins tickets for 100
FF TwitterRookie  PRO's very own Rich Nichols sportslaw crisis sportsbiz  Help us get him to a respectable 100!
RT: Kelsey:Guys I have gushers!!!
Oops one feel!!Melissa:I will eat it off the effing floor!!!
Make a big impact to your clients with Full Color Foam Board Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Call now for more information at...
Watching 35  Ticking
Why Canada needs a flood of immigrants
A 3 button, rollto2 suit.
Not too shabby sir!
hmm.
Get a better memory?
DINOSAUR TRAIN39;s New quot;Dinosaurs A to Zquot; OneHour Special Airs This May on PBS KIDS
A place where educators, students  professorssionals can meet to engage in media communication hot topics dialogue generated by all attendees.
looking forward to dining at yusho tonight with austin.
pass off what you can to your entourage.
Rest more than you would have planned to knock it out.
Take care of yourself:
no we don't lol
I just want today to be over with..
:
Thomas O'Neill or Mason Gilroy.
Heading to OR.
Humane Society for dog adoption eventever adopted animal from them?
Sometimes people speak in ways that make them tough to quote or the quote is too long, so a writing device like this is used.
Have you already booked your trip?
coby should never be mentioned with mj he's about to get exited from the playoffs in the first round 2  in 5 years..bumb
Today I want you to vote for yourself with confidence cause God has elected you a winner already.
He's my back bone because everybody need a spine
what's good bro!?
im soo happy is following me!!!!
I do this!!!
LOVE it.
Night is a newborn.
Oh, guys.
Dontcha know I have my own collator?
I built it.
It's in the trunk of my car.
Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones.
thats no fun...
I went to The Used concert with Chris...
Good times!
Uh  just watched 5 high schoolers pick up a car and move it.
doctorver will be surprised, no doubt...
You're welcome.
Stay tuned for more.
I've officially conducted the most unorthodox interview ever...unless someone has done one via carrier pigeons.
Well getting off .
so i can Take a shower .
Btw its Angelina right now .
Lol
ABOT on penny breakout alert!
When a sub breaks out from subpenny it gets momentous, historically.
ABOT could rally hard here!
Detroit doubleheader.
Go Tiger.
Go Lions
gobble gobble
Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti lamayor lamayorforum
Yep...
Steven Tyler has some major sexappeal...
Loving this season of AmericanIdol now more than ever with him there!!
Love JLo, too!
still interested in that GIRLS article/review?
Thanks to everyone that made it out to last night.
It was a great show...good times all around.
: the gop assume the waronwomen is good for them and their base.
It's taking away the middle and hurting real women
Opening 5 savings accounts today for my kiddies!
They buying they're own gifts this year...Lol!
Everybody make mistakes  some point cuz a mistake is alright  inevitable but nobody likes 2 be played regardless of the relationship
thank you, sir!
Almost time for Success on the Horizon!
Congrats to the Volunteers of the year.
Thanks to our donors!
I put it on instagram lmfao!
Love you Freddie cakes!
That song that makes the world around you stop and has you believing you can SANG it better than the artist..
yep Jim Leyland is the new Earl Weaver
Taylor gang or be Natalie Nunn.
cmon son.
Snowtrails TV from for the American Archive Inventory!
snowmobiling in the upperpeninsula of Michigan!
You will never be a star if you play it safe.
do they charge an arm and a leg there for nitrox fills like here?
I always dive air except for my 50 and 100 percent deco gas
Have fun!
Where is the race?
how did you get the anchor on your name?
:
Us LOST fan know are priorities
A3 CMchat Write/create from the heart.Make good music.Develop a following for your music.Get noticed.Radio will notice.
Thank you so much!
RT : I'm really enjoy your songs!
love you.
Ugh He gets on my nerves...
Yep.
Heading out around 10:30.
Then I have to pick up my Sherpa and set up the IGS booth.
Then I can play!
When people say Long Hair Don't Care and there hair isn't even long.
Ha yes I am in Madison I might be home next weekend or the weekend after that...
Yeah.
I'm pretty wired.
Let's go hit Beale and wait for the team to fly in or something.
U never KNOW.
Yes I was going to say i think he's already taken...lol
Right on!
cdl RT : Thank you everyone at immvt.
It was max fun and we got to work hard, play hard, and learn a lot.
I totally agree!!
Playing the piano in the studio having a good time...
with his overuse of the word
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.

Debating Chinas Global Reputation  a conference in Beijing May 19
It has come to our attention that is trying to create letterhead featuring his beard as our mascot.
I could be your perfect disaster, You could be my ever after.
You could be my ever after, after all.
who knows who sings that?!
33
I'm sorry but the hammer that was put down on the Saints was too much, in my opinion, this was way over blown.
Happy Mothers Day
Idk but I want some fucking Mexican food.
Thanks for the shoutout Back at 'cha!
I know nobody is listening, but here goes...so I had this idea...
Kill them with kindness
you made my day by reminding me of revenge tonight!
it is a doctorary day in texas
Check out our friend James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia Official selection of 2012 Happy news.
love your sound!
let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us in Riverside!
Assumes the asst priest role in charge of sacrifice and donation on the Guitar Gods show until Noon on 91.1 and wtju.net
Don't make excuses!
you broke the promise 
I had a great time visitng family in Maryland.
Now I'm on my way home to Florida.
City Hall
Looks like D.
Wade has the forearm shiver wrestling move down...
Bad b/c looking back you'll always want to change something around, but at a certain point you have to know when to stop.
Dude on espn2 jus said Texas would be struggling with colt McCoy on the field.
Get off BYU's dick, most one sided commentator ever
Nah, I'm sure that was the real Tupac that was recorded from an old performance.
That's what I read.
Tripped me out.
MeteorShower tonight  get your wishes ready for all of the shooting stars!
:
But what do I know?
I'm bootstrapping :
Gd news shop downtown Milw : Office for National Stats announced retail sales vol incr 0.6 in Dec, 2.6 higher than Dec '10
RT : How do you know if social data is the genome of your business?
says look at ROS
Blessed I see another 24
4 days until the walknowforautismspeaksLA Walk Now for Autism Speaks LOS ANGELES  the Rose Bowl in Pasadena 42112  8am!
Come out!
Some times your enemy on your passenger side
If you annoy me today, don't expect me to sit there...
Not today.
well over here in Mesa it was lol :
Just so you know the safe word for today is palomino....
Sox pitch perfect game, Cubs trade OF who was barely hitting my daughters weight
Ottawa, just don't think they can handle us in the playoffs
Mid90s comedians were right: true stuff IS the funniest.
I only say that because there is actually a dead clown in my basement RIGHT NOW.
Haha true!
:D
Having a Grand Canyon Stout and Pizza for lunch.
Both are pretty standard.
I have to be the ONLY person still hunting Mosquitos in NYC.
HOW are they still alive?
It's 20 Degrees!!!
www.hairinthecity.me Stylist with intense creativity to give you the up to the minute trends.
For the guys also American Crew stylist.
You are the best now that you have ever been.
Thanks for following!
We love the music you cover  we've just been getting into The Rifles actually.
Talk about being a vampire...
My day starts at Midnight ;D
Takin on the big apple this week!
Apply continuously throughout the day!
IF I UNFOLLOWED ITS BECAUSE U DID IT FIRST OR..BECAUSE U KEEP POSTING PICS OF UR SMALL ASS PENIS..LOL WITH THE CAMERA ON ZOOM
The awkward moment when someone doesn't lock the door to their stall and you walk in accidentally while they are peeing.
Lol
When your bestfriend randomly comes over and ask to stay the night 3
Count your blessings and you will see they always outnumber your complaints.
You're number one, right?
: RT : Getting ready for the People en espaol 50 most beautiful party!
Sheesh, man.
Best of luck.
Bought a hot dog cart.
Now what am I going to do with it?
Time to start another side business?
Don't pity the dead.
Pity the living.
Pity those especially who live without love
RT : 3rd bullet point key to me  Why LinkedIn's IPO Was A Big Success When Almost Everyone Else Was A Bust ...
thanks for the follow!
would love some help or a RT!

Failure doesn't come from falling down...
Failure comes from not getting up.
Just mailed out the goods to the five winners.
I might have snuck some extra goodies in there too ;
MT : Thks to all who supported UWSocial over past wk  our worthy rivals at SconniePactCheeseAlliance rides on.
ok..hit me up with the details
softball game:
I'm so happy 4 u
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, THINK BIG.
Donald Trump
Anyone working on anything interesting this evening?
Or doing something interesting that isn't work?
YOU KNOW YOU LOVE ME.
I KNOW YOU CARE.
JUST SHOUT WHENEVER.
AND I'LL BE THERE....with Austin.
; AND NO.
MWAHAHA :D
How about this 1 then...
Do not speak to me of rules.
This is war!
This is not a game of cricket!
Speeding cameras on 295
Forgot how much I love Boston!
Follow this is my other account please Go : FOR ME Everyone !!
do you ghave a LOT of anxiety?
Your mind can play MANY tricks on you.
Panic is horrible.
To you take Klonopin?
Huge pickup for the Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force
Rep.
Peter King outside House GOP meeting on payroll tax deal most people were for it, or at least accepting.
Vote prob this wk
next time your teacher says why can i hear talking?!
just say because you have ears, duh
just saw a DQ commercial where bears are hoisting a man like he's a trophy while eating a Blizzard...
how the hell are they holding spoons?
Ever have those days when you just can't figure out why you can't get it together?
jevon wears yankees cap in his twitter pic,today he wears a redsox cap.
wth?
THOSE HATS HAVE MEANING,SON!
followed, thanks to
Deasy says schools not getting better til state gets fiscally better.
Disagree.
And, his stance doesn't inspire hope in difficult times.
Ha.
You're so generous.
OMG, do an open class in boston please !!:
RT : 12NTC responsive design.
So important in multidevice world, as is a nfp doing web for nfp, ever aware of devices
what a cool idea!
God bless Mary Tyler Moore and her contributions to ASPCA and diabetes a class act who created her own show and production co!!!!!
IntlWaters hits two things I really like: the wry humor of and my blatant Anglophilia.
Want to fresh'N up your look schedule your appointment TODAY w at 218 W.
39th St, or 816.756.5887
Q2 I believe the US archives has a guide.
haven't used it, but prob worth looking into
What kind of message will this send to Obama?
Thanks for sharing the book info!
McDonalds under construction?
NO McDONALDS JUST SPAWN THEY JUST SPAWN OKAY
omg Niall I love you do much please follow .....
Also you  one direction should come to Des Moines Iowa  ;
I will listen to them in an hour!!!
But I don't really listen to metal haha
Read our bio bitch.
MATT HUNTER FOLLOWS US, get it?
Horror nights tour Wednesday.
I'm so stoked!
Definitely can't wait to see you guys.
gotta keep going, it's all good !!!
Twitter family
I followed her!: Please follow me Tyler!3
Hate to give her pub but a scribe at the daily beast had the audacity to compare Tebow to Palin...THAT'S left wing journalism Fox News!
We need to check whether the web site possesses certain traits or not
enjoying the start of my 4 day weekend..
new couch comes tomorrow!!!
2011, you've been good to me
Summer Special: Refer a friend for a new set of lashes  you BOTH receive 50 credit towards ANY service.
I know!!
So true!
I gotta move, why do I insist on torturing myself?!
MEN OF COURSE YALL SHOULD KNOW BY NOW WE HAVE THE ADIDAS N T SHIRTS FOR YALL TOO!!!!!
Okay, I'm at Motel 6, now what?
RT Book the room, not the job.
recently placed Roger Herbst as the new Global IT Security Director for Aleris Corp.
of Cleveland.
Congratulations Roger!
Today, I received emails from 2 people who attended my PMI ACP training.
They both passed the exam!
// I love good news
call me maybe always reminds me of and
TOMORROW!
GROOVE w/ GIGI TORRES!
7p  12  studio702 Preregister  get a free essence swag bag!
Email name to
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Henry Ward Beecher.
Sweet doctorams, yogis.
When I'm bored, no one texts me.
When I'm busy, still no one texts me.
Whats my fave movie?
I don't know, like, the first half of Kill Bill 2 and the second half of League of Their Own.
Don't wanna be judged tho
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Gossip is for the weak, if you didn't see it with your own 's it shouldn't be coming out of ur mouth!
sorry to hear itafter ten years, I still wonder what amazing results we would see from focusing or fostering what's already here
I watched this a few times but haven't quite gotten into it.
Like the backstory better than the current town.
President Barack Obama Brings Us To Kill A Mockingbird
CONGRATS!
Your amazing you deserve it3 when your famous please come to chicago.
Make my life 3 ;D
/packs another shirt
Yes.
I'm also in shock that Junior Seau committed suicide.
Journalist Wojciech Jagielski will be speaking about reporters at war at Brooklyn Public Library tomorrow at 7pm, part of
I love you SO much!
at first, I didn't like One Direction, now I cant stop listening to you guys.
Yes I added it to the How to Participate page.
Is that the right one?
Late doing it as have been ill.
The envy people feel when they hear you travel for work is occasionally warranted.
Milwaukee via Detroit
This girl seriously just called a boy over and demanded him to sit next to us.
Damn!
My bitch was acting up so i had to get another
street fight hadouken...
fruity loops like toucan...fly better than you can...whAt are u doin?
What2ChainzWouldSay????
Lol
Its not that easy.
Not too surprising RT After 17 yrs, I'm leaving ESPN.
I'm excited to announce I've joined My first day is today.
If he's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
can't wait to have you back in Atlanta!
We MUST secure an interview!
:
Daily Dose of Goodness: Turns out Walt Disney was actually afraid of mice.
Maybe Mickey bullied his way into the spotlight.
God is no respecter of persons: But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.Acts 10:3435
Beautiful job tonight, Skylar!!!
You've turned us into country fans cuz you're just that good!
am contemplating it...love TACOS and local events  will tap ur shoulder if we do make it!
Not a single thing u have mentioned is n 'absolute right' by any measure u so choose.
Welcome!
I'm new to Twitter this week too!
When are you coming to town?
Maybe we can collaborate on some projects later on.
common Chris, you know you want to!
Lost our game ohh well..
Can't wait for press conference today at 10:30!
Some exciting announcements!!!
BE THE ARCHITECT OF YOUR ARTS
Mandatory Leadership Games meeting on Thursday, April 12th, 2012 from 7 p.m.8:00 p.m.
Akers Rm134.
Get in touch if you need any assitance
I'm hitting up sessions the rest of the day.
After 6?
So, now someone changed the wikipedia entry for Critical Race Theory to protect Obama.
It's sad that I'm not surprised.
see you Friday!
Is there a hashtag for the agm?
New cheese sample at teeter and wasn't there to try it
Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
RT : etiquette is what you do when everyone is watching, what you do when no one is watching is called character.
What's your favorite storebought guac?
I've never found one I like and have to bring to a party tonight.
My therapist says I have an obsession with revenge.
We'll see about that..
This episode was so emotional.
:
Ch.
11 The number of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 883
the allure of the automobile exhibit of rare and award winning cars are coming to the museum this summer.
very good!
Last night, I was doctornking a 40 oz with my friend on a stoop.
Two guys walked by us and said Hobo Style!
and gave us the thumbs up.
MLINY
In the mood for some Hweat Thins
brain.
mush.
need.
nap.
Don't forget 2 come Party Hard With AGP  D.J.
PRINCE SCI 2NIGHT for the end of the year at the Happy Hour Bar  Lounge only 5 cover charge
let's talk community manager.
Im a social/blog guy with music and large event background.
Have some great ideas.
Just when you think your day couldn't get any better  you head to the Rubicon for your favorite beer and happy hour!
you are very welcome i hope its a great day for you
Interesting information.
Thanks for the follow.
Thank you so much for coming out yesterday and celebrating our 1 year anniversary!
This community has been great to us!
BREAKING: The TLC show LongIslandMedium is filming RIGHT NOW in FellsPoint, Baltimore!
Just heard at citified as santana walks another bring in 
thank you, Nat!!
Hugs to you and the family!
The leading cause of marriage is dating which is why I stick to one night stands.
doctorve by the one in Philly recently.
Looked closed for good.
If it is wrong to  your cast, then I don't wont to be right!
Happy superbowl Sunday to all...
Hope it's a good game!
Stealers!
my brother introduced me to them.
they sound a lot like Edward sharp and the magnetic zeros, but still good stuff
almost to JackTown my guy
The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.
Good morning to all our listeners!
Are you tuned in and listening to our GLEEfulweek in May?
Classical music is great for Monday mornings
good for you!
I hope it works.
Girl you will feel better, smell better, etc when you quit!
Good luck!!!
: im feeling a lakehouse retreat this weekend  !!
It's like she read our mind?
Johnny Depp is going to be on Ellen today :D yayyyyy xD hahah
Can u call urself a journalist if u're loudly making disapproving noises during issue discussion?
citizenjournalist?
Is it appropriate?
RT : hopeton madder than kristi when she looks at phill's tweets.
Ok what
Did everyone die?
watching a video about Greek gods  goddesses
It's Friday, Friday, Friday ..
stupid song's stuck in my head.
At least it's a Friday.
It'd be real annoying 2 have that stuck on a Mon.
I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT
David Guetta is getting me through finals.
When my friends launch sites and send me URLs I always reply, Hm for some reason it is redirecting to porn.
Keeps them on their toes
Why is everyone so hateful toward blondes?
It was beautiful!
Thanks for the RT!
oh no!
were you in boston?
i am in boston!
You insult me: I can handle it.
You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face bitch.
totes!
feedbackfriday What was the word of the year 2011?
We're on Audible, too!
5 stars after only 3 days: Trollope's An Eye for an Eye.
Search Keyword/Audio Book Contractors and have a ball!
thanks for the follow friend!
;
thanks for the heads up!
We can install the full version of Cs6 for 40.00
sounded just like you.
You have voice twin!
omg!!
Mee to I love her!!
we have plans to have scavenger hunts in diff neighborhoods.
So yes.
:
No...
I have no interest.
I like chibi, cell shaded type things unless its got an awesome fantasy story.

I'm sure I do have some faults, though.
I'll let you know when I come up with one.
;
Only 3 VIP tables left for tonight w/ David Puentez ..
if you missed last night, you have to check him out tonight!!
wait...they make giveaway shirts that aren't white?
But...but...that dye must cost billions??
Standup Comedy show Band of Brothas Sat, 2/4:00p.
Improv Password: Stepdaddy 6.
PLEASE, Come out  support Michael Anthony!!
Had a good day!
Went to lunch with  , then went by to see Mark and Susan.
Now playing with my guineas til dinner
Oh nerves they really get on your nerves sometimes!!!!
A voice gallantly streaming through the night.
Very wellwritten words to conclude segment about Whitney and Star Spangled Banner
A girl can be your best friend, worst enemy, or your worst nightmare..
It all depends on how you treat her..
I hate nosy people
He really wants it,but I'm not in the mood right now
Guy next to me getting a pedicure.
His toenails had to be at least an inch long.
He must go thru lots of socks
I just found leftover cake pops in our fridge from Christmas.
Pretending I don't know how quickly the eggs in those go bad.
please help this directioner out by trending
helping these gents bring the awards to the states
The worst feeling ever is when you hate your job
11 more wins lets go
we are both tasty and affordable.
Come by and say hi
If the sun isn't up yet I don't think anyone else should have to be either!
Blah im bored anyone wanna txt
In line for the Cosmic Chaos...
Hope I don't throw up this time..
Some go to high school and others go to school high.
Opening reception for MiniSolos this Friday, Aug 5th from 68:30pm.
37 DC area artists will show off their work.
The first thing that you should do is to consult your doctor to explore the possible causes for your hair loss or thinning
One 17 ticket left to sell before we hit our goal and can help this needy family!
www.ProjectFlipmode.org
that is incredible.
nice!
I'm taking info vis too!
R/T at Bella32 nothing women in here right now, the place to be
but I have to say the super bowl game in Dallas was the best we were the champs and I was there
Amtrak I just booked my cross country journey pics and check ins along the way if I ain't sleep lol
: 5686 norfolk cabofshame had to RT this.
insidejokes
Is it me or are the oscars already running long?
Mea culpa!
Such a small niche of early '90s televisionnot everyone owns a Pinky and the Brain beer stein like I do.
do you know any good deepdishpizza places in Chicago ?
I need foodie help!
RT RT : Supporting that trainwreck strongly suggests that U R not RT Im a thinking woman I support
I don't think so.
Unless the judge instructs them, they'd have to weigh the evidence based on the 2nd degree charge.
I was trying to make it to St.
George, but was getting doctorwsy.
80 mph speed limits is very nice.
Sorry I missed you !
I shall mark you on my calendar and talk about you until ppl throw bacon to calm me.
See you next year!
It was only a matter of time...
The Good Taste of the Roasted Portabello Focaccia Sandwich...Don't Miss or Else you will regret it!!!
Mom got hearing aids today!!!!
Wait.
Now I cant grumble anymore.....
Stop by for a private pilates class.
Single, private classes  45 or 400 for 10 sessions.
No contracts; always reasonable prices!
see what I'm saying....
Lol
I hate the things you do, but I still text you back, say I miss you too.
My dad is doing much better now.
He's up smiling and eating.
I swear that man just like to worry us.
Our Baker, Babee Cakes by Dot.
Now offering something speciel for all the chruches.Have your church rep give us a call...2163236264..
and you could say that CJ will split with Teal, so 3 1/2 players out...
so 70
This voice impersonator on TNT 
same old same old, gettin my model on.
lol I was in Pitt over thanksgiving, I will have to let you know when im back!
is being reunited with Teeng Akol going to make you release the Marshall Co Suckfest podcast one more time?
so waityou walked through the subway tunnels from NYU to Astoria in less than an hour?
now you're just making it up.
Did you find any demographics on Readability or Instapaper?
I'm curious what the stats are on this much touted transformation.
come on nuggets , i hate the lakers :o
of course my fellow Brooklynites!
Keep the forward motion rollin!
I dig it
My eyeballs hurt.
Way too much time in front of spreadsheets today.
Pursuing recovery of Adoption Tax credit in chapter 7 trusteeship
Thanks for the link; it was great to meet you!
Walmart rolling out new 39;disctodigital39; service
MayI just offer that missing this tweet is right up there with not investing in google on the regretometer!
You ok, homie?
might develop a complex if you keep referring to his details as minor.
Nick age 4: stitches in the forehead.
Age 5: stitches in the back of the head.
Age 6: stitches in the chin.
We're safe for the next 6 months
Umm NO BISH U DONT NEED MY NUMBER!
We weren't friends!.
Attending the Social Media and Communication Symposium at RIT.
Party on Fremont Street.
Woot Woot!!!!
you would make my month if I got those tickets.
Please.
God dam!
This card I got is making me tear up reading it lmaooooo 6 foot 4 crying in the dam store this is grounds 4 getting robbed!
a verifyed account is following me!!!!!!!!!
WOOHOO
Oh, I don't remember that.
Will do this time, though.
I'm in the midst of two projects.
It's very rewarding work.
And nifty!
RT : Cool  A live social media crisis is going on during our summit GM Stops Buying Facebook Ads
I sadly must say goodbye to my braces tomorrow...
it has been a beautiful 3 years.
:
shine away.
Done and done!
I wont be 21 until late May
PIERRE is Navy Yard.
We'll be ready in 10 min.
lol!!
Someone else just said that!!
Hi Kenny!!
which they are, but keeps saying it's a personal order.
Which is just BS, as most people who read my site KNOW me.
disagree, onions rule!
i could eat a red onion like an apple.
Your welcome :D  , Can You follow back??
:3
a great therapeutic massage and some me time!
Nw Regular Show 
yes we are
I love I am currently chillin in the meet  greet line with her, :
: I'm so glad we met early on at SHRMTalent.
Looking forward 2seeing u at next event!
ditto ck out
Diet soda contains a lot of chemicals that are not good for your body
plz follow my good friend you might even get a woof woof after all it is wednesday
bakkd up by a bunch of G ass nigga n i jus gt yo girl sum knee pads nigga  off work
New Media Institutes SLAM Showcase gives students chance to network
Stoked to be DJing tomorrow night with
Pate was a bad choice.
eat the ticket
Teams scoring first in game 7 are 100 the rangers are 40 in game 7s at MSG.
Obviously the caps are going to defy all odds  win this!
There's just only so much you can put on a package  a QR would help if brand needed to reformulate or communicate safety.
GeorgeMichael: They're grownups!
They're allowed to have fun whenever they want...
We're kids, we're supposed to be working!
lol I am so happy for you!!!
lol but never forget Jaden!!!!
or I might just have to slap you!
Looking forward to Faust at Santa F Opera...
Brandy was a HUGE part of the soundtrack of my childhood 
Game one  check : let's go balls out tomorrow PV 3
I bet!
3 Lol I could let my hair do that they would be formed in like a month lol.
I have the most tangely hair!
Dude.
Jeans aren't business casual.
What kind of business is that?
Lemonade stand?
It's just casual.
I MADE IT!
Daddy worked his a off all his life in a steel foundoctor and died with a sack of potatoes it must of got handed down....
Odd we just have one trash can, one recycle bin at our desk.
Done and done.
Why so complicated?
Stealing is such a harsh word.
I mean I can't think of a better one, but if I do, I'll let you know.
You're too handsome to be following me:
The  ZooFit page is live.
Like, and check out the completely simple plan to get your body ready for summer!
Also, I need to fill up my gas tank.
older than me:
I see krushgroove is going to be on the agenda this evening
Almost an EMERGENCY!
Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle.
2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine.
This shit sneaking up on me : Fuckedup n clowning wit 
CCPE begins to explore offering courses online.
And we wonder, how do you learn best?
What a creeper!
I'll be avoiding Jack like the plague.
I always want to answer the question of How Soon Is Now?
but I realize that as soon as I do, Now is in the past.
Did you register for tomorrow's line up of events?
HR Image Awards  Author  Exec Coach, John Spence  Networking  Food Stations  FREE U
I love u Shaq!!
U gave me the best years of my life!!!
CAN U DIG IT!!!
Back 2 back 2 back!!!
Lebron's starting to look like an old man now
the only thing that gets me out of bed before I sleep a full 8 hours is if im going to Disneyland.
when I come to orlando in a few weeks .
We will have to go hunting lol
ManInFrontOfMeInLineAtWalgreens, If you have to ask, Cliff, Can you hear me?
20 times, Cliff cannot hear you.
Hang up the cell phone.
Not hooking up with anyone tonight so...
I guess I can have some garlic...
Where there's a will there's a way unknown
oh ok word.
Computer Corner Armoire: Bush Series A Corner Hutch by Bush
Take me!; : Me either :/  Ohmy yes!
I havent been there in forever!
: five gu
Went directly from OWS to a book party at Tiffany.
I am the 100!
Awesome pic, can't believe I missed that!!!

and I miss you bunches.
Hanging out in Tulsa was tons of fun!!!
I have a friend who's started a glee club, they might be down.
can you email me at ?
you should have come!
This crap.
Why are you with us?
Mother May I.
With at Perfect date.
Do not chase people.
Be you  do your own thing  work hard.
The right people who belong in your life will come to you  stay.
Wu Tang
Happy Mothers Day , To your Amazing mom !!
IT WAS WRAPPED.
Omg this book is not making sense!!!!
RT : Houston Hoops 13s too big  athletic for Carolina Flight.
They take Pool F  advance to National Bracket w/solid seed.
To get McGee must the other team take Blatche, or no?
I know!
I love visiting the rainforest, but I don't need to live there....
Done!
They responded very quickly.
Peoplelikeus know that it is now or never
Fact: If you eat chocolate while learning, the calories don't count; learning burns calories.
lol...
fake laugh
He also wore what appeared to be titanium underwear in Dune, which was pretty fantastic.
Subway Eat Fresh!
You are quite welcome.
I remember when me  alcohol use to fuck with each HARD !!!
: ConnectionArtist would like to wish the Men of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc.
a very happy Founders Day!
i always tweet but he never tweets back :
Fell asleep trying to finish my 101 Wish List.
I think Im up to 71 now.
Was flowing at first, but now i gotta REALLY think outside the box
you ain't NEVER lied...
How can there be TWO 1 trains arriving in 0 min, yet no train in sight?!
Is it so cold that time froze, too?
Lyon adds that J.L.
Austin is more playful and funny in Philosophical Papers.
But HTDTWW lectures are slimmer, easier to understand.
so over school.
Can I please just doctornk these last few weeks and hang out with my sisters???
We R All About Israel Forever!!
If U R 2 Join Us!!
We Can Do This Together!!!!
accepted position in Mineral Point School District as Superintendentbest of luck!
wis hs sports losing one of its best ADs!
it's ok, it happened to me once.
I was just glad someone made me aware of it before too much happened : good luck
Due to the constant and massive growth of the telecommunications sector in AsiaPacific region
RT : Mobile tech
Hey now, watch where you're throwing around not into them.
FACT ERROR 10
After the busty judge's wife left our train car, ...and didn't even get one off said on the
Took my side of the bed
Water, water everywhere and not a doctorp to doctornk.
It's happening!
My water broke!
:
Midterm Supervisor evaluations due Friday!
The form is on D2L.
It can be submitted via doctorpbox, email, fax or turn in the hard copy.
throwing your keys in the jar?
This lil girl kelsey on my tl , suppose to be funny .
Also have him read work by William Davis, MD, a preventive cardiologist and/or talk to pdx doctor Miles Hassell.
where the heck you been at
Gotta love Patrick Kane.
He is going crazy in the scrum.
Forget shit  move on; I really need to start following that.
wait!
Do you mean you don't want to brave unlimited mimosas?
Because I will go in your place!
Moving out.
It's taking everything I have to walk back in that building.
Ah.
Hate it.
Been in the ER for the past hours .
.
.
Become better then ur hater.
It is technically correct.
What's can be what is or what does.
raleigh bound today :
Do you know this house is falling apart
Any other college kids think that moving your room back to normal at the end of the year is exactly like playing 'Unblock Me'...
Face in the mirror  All of the old man creases Are of bright laughter.
Extremely tough day.
Here's to hoping that I'll feel better tomorrow!
At the airport, on my way to Seattle with the trio!
Good luck tomorrow.
Win 2
Missing our corner of delicious baked goods at Amstel.
I hope to return with banana bread and pumpkin pie.
and Thanks much by the way!
I see ya
How abt the lack of  is the root of evil?workRT : They say that money is the root of all evil.
Doesn't a person need roots?
its ok.
I followed them anyways :
they play in Gresham Park on Sunday's.
This might be government at its worst.
We'll make you a deal.
You come play two more games for us, and we'll let you take two more classes online.
Its all about choices ...
there are many natural styles to choose for our kids that help them show their beauty.
yeah just do that so I can break in and steal it
I'll stick with it
At the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo you can enter our FREE book prize doctorw for: Queen Elizabeths Wardoctorbe Unlockd.
Catch us at booth
At breakfast this morning with my little daughter Ellie...waitress said to her, ' You must like going out with grandpa.' KOIN Local 6 News
That one person that's always on my mind and I wish they fucking would just get the fuck out of my head.
I enjoy watching soccer more than the average American, but I want to get different types of updates from 's twitter page.
Make sure to follow for all of the S.F.
Goodness.
You can't keep the man off twitter.
ATTENTION EVERYONE!
DO NOT READ 's FAN FIC!
I AM NOT A CREEPY STALKER!
The one night I have to have internet at the library it decides not to work.
Go figure.
GRRRR.
Any idea on when the Kindle version of 's Best SFF of the Year Volume 6 will be released?
Hahaha..
I'm announcing the game, so I'm tempted to say his name like she does for his next atbat.
Happy Mother's Day to all the classy mom's out there!
lol D
Girlfriend just bought me a daily deal NOT from LivingSocial
Just discovered So brilliant.
Almost unbearable to follow, but brilliant nonetheless.
At welcome reception for 200 Annual Meeting attendees.
i don't like west but im going....
Baby kicks the most today when I'm listening to arabic or country music.
Perfect mix of lebanese and hillbilly I suppose.
So I'm not DETERMINED to watch 1 season of some show before I go back to school.
sopranos or americasnexttopmodel ????
Now to be clear, I was only suggesting chocolate shaped taco's.
Supernatural with my momma.
:
Institute marched in HONK!
Parade today with occupyboston stay tuned for photos
Hating metro lately  they won't let me apply my 2.50 orca pass towards a sounder train b/c it's not 3.5  let me just pay difference
I have never been prohibited by an authority figure from eating an orange...
until now.
Britney Spears
What's your favorite fall trend?
I'm in Louisiana!
My mom is anoyingggg and she has no common sense
LOL That was the tanning mom...long story...she's tanorexic, and she got arrested for taking her ginger daughter in to tan.
Happy Birthday, Elvis.
You'll never die.
Thank you, thankyouverymuch.
ha!
I don't do much
Ha!
My hoppin' johns will be vegetarian, if that helps.
:
Be thankful you have the privilegeRT Standing in line to report for jury duty in downtown Toronto.
Envy me, world.
ENVY ME.
to take each day as it is handed to us, but like play dough...we can mold it n2 sumthin wonderful
I'm  the Westfield Fox Valley Mall Craft Show in Aurora today until 9pm.
My table is located on the 2nd floor, near Macy's.
Come say hello!

Can't wait for the AdClubCMO breakfast tomorrow.
I'll be representing and
Yes but, Muffy has an unusually large amount of clothes lol
uhh you kicked ass!
Thanks so much!
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers out there especially the MILFs.
Remember to tweet about using the hashtag NYCWine.
Thanks!
Hate when you ask someone when we go chill and they reply you never hit me up
Thanks.
Definitely wanted that one in my schedule.
Oh Snooki its a Banjo..
Not a Bonjo
Debating fracking and Keystone pipeline with the hubby  just another ordinary Friday night!
Well, no phone call...
and no record of someone coming out today to restore my service.
big surprise
is back in black.
cry of happiness  and hug u
Most cars will be auction off for over 1M for the rest of the night.
Hey thanks!
ya sure just 1 minute 
finally done with my work for the day...
O.O zombie eyes
Good job
of course!!
Do you know who Austin Carter Mahone is?
Yeah, hes my future hussbaaand 3 oh yes.
: Injury Update: The mister on revealed a strained abdominal muscle.
He is out indefinitely.
Not good.
ahh that's gay :.
I might fall asleep lol I am slerpy
Humectant, you fix dent
14 n I'm not i said just a lil
Me three.
I always thought all that Zoom Zoom stuff was pretty silly.
Until I doctorve a Mazda yesterday.
Soon we will offer Flexxable technology solutions  tools that will allow you to focus on why you are in business!
GM Up thanking God 2 b blessed Gettin ready 4 work...hope it flies by.
So happy it was gettin nice finally...hope 2 c it again 2day!!
Is the day of individual creativity gone?
Questioned posed to panel.
Your thoughts?
Well not all of us are lucky enough to have a rooftop deck : Sounds like fun!
frustrated...I just wanna relax!
Studying, Kaiser Chiefs on Spotify at the laundoctormat.
Nothing like starting a trend for aliensex lol
I love you and good luck , I love you and good luck
I'd be able to stay home a little more often if it weren't for Parent Connection 
As usual, we're still going strong.
Slide in here.
That's the type of passion I've been waiting for with this ESEA markup...thank you Ranking Member Miller for taking the gloves off
Fantastic time with great groups of people .
Now to apply the magic in the real world.
Onward and upward!
just saw Fast Five!: ahah it was amazzing!!:
haha sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, they say ;
If there was a soundtrack to my life, jimmy eat world would be on it.
WTF yall n here talkin bout snacks an diets an shyt ion wanna here dat
Every day I'm getting older n I'm trying to make this shit last fuck
I think you could have all that in Minneapolis.
Just sayin'.
Where did you put Pitt  top 10?
If you aren't able to trust the person your with, then break the fuck up!
Tired of hearing people complain
Listening to cannon fire in the background.
Something must be up at Conner Prairie.
enjoy your conference : bring back ideas :
never say I didnt
Who wanna buy a puppy?
I be on that Marvin Gaye tip.
I just said to someone: I can't wait to get done writing about flu so I can start researching bed bugs.
Yeah, I'm great at parties.
GO, !!
Loved watching you win!
lmao i fell for it and just had a mini heart attack thanks alex:L
I never knew how much I loved you until I woke up and you weren't there.
that's why I think he's staying, if he wasn't his wife would not have said what she did in the paper
Do u also go by Lil B?
I just listened 2 dat Ellen deGeneres Diss on YouTube.
It sounds Gr8
Yes, but it's a short shift and in the fuel station.
Off tomorrow.
soon enough...
unfortunately my tuition is not handledbysomerandomniggathatliveinatlanta
James Joyce had epiphanies.
Dostoevsky had epileptic fits.
Stay safe and warm and happy today, friends!
I'm from st paul
TGIF fin de semana cubano!
como no?
Come join us for some Cuban flavor!
sorry i missed you at  they were amazing!
ACC: People, photocopying their buttocks, are the cause of 24 of all photocopier malfunction worldwide...
OOPS!

Oh the horror with some of these names you mentioned!
NIGHTMARES lol Have a good one!
Haha.
I thought a bit of Siouxsie suited that avi
If things were too easy to find then they wouldn't be worth finding at all.
Thanks for the follow Tori!
Be well.
Can't wait for Planner tech tongiht
Heading to the Kohl Center to watch the Badgers take on, none other, but the Kangaroos from UMKC.
oh yeahh jammin to Adam Lambert  If i had you.....my song to 33
Looks like I'm going to breakfast alone!
Dese hoes ain't ever on time!
What kind of lunch starts at 10?!
wish I could watch but iPhone 4 doesn't support your format.
Get to a comp about 1x/wk.
Sad.
My birthday is on 23rd of July.
xo
James Montie: Interesting to see hybrid role social media and recruiter  requires different skills sets for communications on FB.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
Make big plans, aim high in hope and work.
Loving all the new followers!
Thanks everyone!
hey guys sorry still building the security features so the contest is fair.
Email labels to contest .com to enter
I back now...just me and my mom went.
We had SO much fun!!
Nice in HOT just like I like it.
I like the weather too ; TOPTIONAL!!!
my throat is on fire it hurts

RT!
: Nice tribal tattoo.
O you don't know what it means?
O it's permanent?
O your allowed to procreate?
can't wait for this weekend.
Y am I up
Three quarter length awesome the mix shirts where can I get one
I now swear off citrus fruit in protest of tonight's game.
Except 4 orange slices in my blue moon, but in that case at least it's doctorwning.
thinking about selling my 12 subs...
Rockford Fosgate punches....
if u interested hmu
I mustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later.
was amazing!
can't wait to see again at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on Oct.
14th.
Looking for an apt ugh shit is hard some of the prices are so high!!
great to meet you too!
Pics will be up soon!!
I wish I'd get a text  it be him telling me how much he misses me..
Ugh
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
Jeff is working on a PC for a family and I just received our licences from Microsoft!
Cheers to the coolest cat's everto come out of Scotland!
Do u partake in the Irish festivities?
cant sleep cause im fightin wit 1 follower textin another and jus made anothers night 2 many emotions at 1 time
Since OWS is getting kicked off of public property guess they have to take it right to the real problem...Corporate Board rooms  meetings.
thanks for following back
: nope that shit wasnt me...
Good try
Good LAWwWd!...itz Good Friday  if u dont know my humor, u wont get it.
the impurities must be cleansed
Kearney Street NE?
There's no 1100 block; streets jump from 10th to 12th in that part of town.
are u doing any ticket give aways for Jon Reep???
I love our hometown homey and seen him last time he was here in NC!!
Chev!
Guess who's on board :!
Nice one ahahahah!
Might have been too much of a good thing!
God damn your lame as fuck
Stmt of the ICANN Noncommercial Users Constituency on need for Udoctor review to balance trademark / domain name rights bit.ly/qPjPf1
I didnt even realized I had an accent till I moved to the US
900 likes!!
3 Thank you all!!
Who woulda thought Steve Blake would be having huge GM 7 moments while Steve Francis,Juan Dixon  Lonny Baxter figure out the metric system?
I didn't even notice your name or bio initially I was just responding to whatever isis RTed
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
I love you and miss you to:
Stefon now has a little sidekick kitty named Rick James.
yes you are?!
What are you talking about!
Haha
It is defining the unknown which is selfdelusional.
We do so only because we fear it.
We must learn to embrace it.
im not perfect ill piss u off say stupid things ,and then i will take it back ur never find find a girl that cares and loves u more than me
Parks and Rec is LITERALLY the best show on TV.
I'm in such a Jim and Pam circa Season 2 place right now.
Sending prayers to those affected by the stage collapse  the Indiana State Fair.
Did SMU's death sentence carry over into Tecmo?
321: I'm thankful to the security staff in my Portland office building for working with police to keep me  my coworkers safe.
It's never a good idea to look behind the curtain.
Wow...
whats the chances of getting your boss high?
LMAO
I am so ready for the weekend!
Two more days to go, I can do this!
Absolutely!
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Dale Carnegie
cheers mate
Google  Why Things Will Get Much Worse  Sell
My daddy came home a few minutes ago!!!!
I hugged him.
Now he's at work again :;
: Guess what me and my BESTIE/cousin got planned for the near future....let it marinate lol
I'll be glad when this election season is over so these people can stop with the foolishness and Obama can start gettin it in.
Keifer Sutherland scores again...
FOX's Touch is an awesome show..
None other than the infamous Congrats and thanks!
MKE Art Museum has FREE admission all day!
Won't be out for a bit, but now that you're in country, I'd like to see your thoughts on Hop Trip
Or do like George Costanza.
RT : I hate coming up with a good comeback days after the fact.
Oh well, store it for next time.
:
I always look forward to my afternoon coffee...
but the huge bottle of water I need to doctornk isn't nearly as inviting.
Super sweet!
Hope you are having a great start to your day!
Crazy doctorams last night, too much twitter at night is too much
a phrase I love hearing, professorssionalize the professorssion
ILL DO IT FOR YOU TOMORROW OR WEDNESDAY BECAUSE I HAVENT FINISHED IT IM SORRY
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
True story.
ellsworthkelly / RT : it actually seems a bit prescient, in a way...
My head is going numb
Made in America would be nice if we actually made the stuff thats in demand
Be on the lookout for hot dogs.
The launch is near 429!
how much money you got?
hehe
No School Tomorrow :
M, mushroom, hot dog, onion, garlic scramble and coffee.
I treated myself well for fixing my sleep schedule.
Thanks, Melissa!
Big compliment coming from you...
One Time For My Idol Sitting Court Side Rep For His Home Team!!
super excited to have coffee with someone from WTOP today.
Love learning about radio!
What's up today
walks to refrigerator
Romans 12:9 Love from the center of who you are; don't fake it.
Run for dear life from evil; hold on for dear life to good.
I like the way you think!
please follow me
You know you're in the country when there's a horseshoe game always going on.
I think I've taken memory for granted but now i realize how easily it can be taken away.
thankful for life3
Happy Birthday!
Thank you for your support!
So many geeks and hipsters in one place.
I love watching Nightmare Before Christmas with Michael and singing along to every song.
tweet what ?
About what you like doing ?
X
beautiful..finally lost
look at listed prices for type of hotel you want then use their name your own price feature  start with 1/2 the listed price
how was ur party
Half of the Idcaptainat pictures are dumb as hell
I would love to be in that Soyuz right now.
It's like tryna turn around on a one way street, I can't give ya what you want and it's killing me.
Awesome!
Thanks for the response!
:
I dont think so.
I suck at this RT Scorpio's can cut through facades and see right down to the core of someone.
Whats a goon to a goblin
ok, I'll go check it out thanks:
Can you smell baseball?
I can.
Channeling eloquence and confidence for my interview tonight.
Send happy thoughts my way!
Great turnout for the reopening of the War Memorial today.
Stay tuned for pics of the event...
The only Easter Egg I want tomorrow is the dead one from my girlfriend's period.
now that says Christmas!
Hope you enjoy the bubbly.
See you in LA again soon.
re:Godaddy.
Spot feels old.
Sex may still sell, but not like that, maybe.
Haha one thing you need to know about me is that I always have my friends backs ;DQ
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Congrats!
: w00t, my abstract on breaking news collaboration on Wikipedia w  for ABS special issue was accepted!
New years Eve amateur night I'll be at the crib chilling with the boys
Did you know that having a programable thermostat can lead to substantial savings for u.
Naughton's has a great selection of them in stock.
Lera Lynn did live this morning, then trekked to Milwaukee to be live with us in a couple minutes.
yo lactose intolerant.
It bothers me when they flaunt it lol .
Like c'mon son !
Fish Farm News And Science: Harper39;s EU Trade Agreement
This dude is reloading his gun in the back of the train.?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR GREAT !!!!
I usually went for Starman.
Fighter Hyabusa was kind of nubby, but we liked calling him Fighter IAbuseYa.
what time is it on?
I missed it on Thursday !
4 years in a job and yesterday I quit on the spot!
Did you find anything good?
Go follow 3
Did you miss on just now?
Depth Chart: Wisconsin reairs at 10PM on ESPN2.
OMFG!
The biggest fuckin spider just came thro my window!
Ugh ifucked his as up tho
: I work for and with some of the most amazing people on the planet.
: We are just as lucky to work w/you.
Thx for ALL you do!
Okie : I sent it!
I have kept this a secret for 8 years...
I've seen every episode of Desperate Housewives.
Milkshakes two days in a row :
I like it better when it all started...
Basically, the Heat just have to concentrate all their energy on stopping Melo, and this will be over pretty quick
good, I sure will be there.
If I ever decide to come back..........
RT : If you dont know what you want, how do u expect others to jump into action 2 help?
BE SPECIFIC.
About to watch a lift off to Mars.
I'm still amazed at what humans are capable of when coming together for a common goal.
Go MSL !
How you doing in NYC?
What's the latest?
I'm hoping to make a run to the city in late May/early June.
Let's circle back then...
but if we stop you, how will you get back into a routine?
HAHA
Sometimes we procrastinate because we are not sure we WANT to pull it off.
Love your commitment to those fighting the good fight, like Pelosi
You know I said its true!
I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
make that 3for3, though i feel confident saying I could've made that last play; i believe that's what they call a Sunday hop in the biz
When referring to me as mister PLEASE call me misterCausley and NOT misterRoss ok.
Lol, Ross is my first name...not my last.
you are the man!
Everyone follow our owners: 
Our 3yo twins have taken to calling each other matey in everyday conversation, as in Can you give me that blue lego, matey?
When I got the mail out of the mailbox, I was halfway up my doctorveway, my 7 yr old sis made me put it back so she could go back and get it.
McDonald's breakfast tomorrow before work?
I think yes!!!
n how would you know that?
It started with and became a tree.
This is in support of libraries, books, words, ideas.
a gesture goo.gl/LtUH7
: life of a momma I know, I know!
0p
Has anybody ever told you that you look like mister.
Puff?
The entire Delphi staff: Teaching w/Technology, Blackboard, PD,  Conferencing  we couldn't do it w/out you!
Makeup Remover?
And Zombieland rocks.
xD
If they'll trade for 1 copy of Beat Street....gold!!
offline sleeping xo'
My route home is black and red on the traffic map.
Looks like I'm gonna get some work done tonight.
Fire up another Kcup and get cozy
Sushi with the Anaheim CA Calvary crew before I head to LAX for a flight to Seattle!
Then off to Friday Harbor Calvary in the morning!
AZ
Peter Groff CEO of the is speaking about the state of the public charter school movement
back to the boondocks ..
Wyd doin besides that
thanks for the shoutout !
your icon...
flawless.
Hey and I love you guys
What time does the Shatner show actually start?
Believe me, I agree.
And yet I still tried to save you!
Perhaps you've heard the news, but Avery's editors emailed Kickstarter funders yesterday to refund money.
They're done.
Good day shooting a special Holiday Die Hard treat today.
Look for it online soon.
If you love something, let it go.
If it comes back to you, its yours forever.
If it dosent, then it was never meant to be.
Psst.
Free Delivery on all lunch orders of 20 or more from Swig today!
Pass it on!
Step back give me 50ft.
i did but i didnt get it
omg.
One of the best things ...
ever.
Now I'm starving, bachelor life, no food in the house!
Slated to join the Brewers pregame show around 2 p.m.
today.
Just hoping I don't get hurt doing it.
Thanks for the retweet!
Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving!
Wrapped my side up because I am already tired of ointment getting all over my clothes : this is the only thing I dislike about tattoos.
Too Fuckin' Busy ; Too Busy Fuckin'
I like to call that Snarting
Canadian magician James Dimmare has been awarded Stage Magician of the Year twice by the American Academy of Magical Arts in Hollywood.
Brighten up your week with HighlightsCut for 100 Monday with !5888456
Boogie is gettin' it done!
I'm so bored...
dnt kno what 2 do
Workout inspiration: your arms are your best accessory.
i'm sure it'll be great!
good luck!
:
Thx Allison!
Have a great weekend!
RT : FF some great marketers to follow...
what's going down my Brotha ?
Sucks that I don't wanna go swimming because I don't wanna get my hair wet..
Illness tells us what we are.
Italian Proverb
: It's easier to be interviewed.
Thanks for sharing that!
I have my Capstone class in the fall and this came in handy.
ATTENTION  CONTEST 4th member: guess the unknown members name and age and enthicity and u when a prize from her
yes that is dare's sis...goes to dsha
: If I had a son..........he would look like Justin Bieber.
And we would troll the mall together.
this actually scares me.
presenting real time twitter sentiment analysis; humans train the algorithm; sarcasm throws off computer models
Cousins in town from Atlanta.
Guess I will head over to see them
Where is this going?
Idk but imma enjoy the ride along the way.
Cuz ii believe we have something special..
Night/Good morning loves!
you're welcome!
you should make YouTube videos
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Grizzlies 30:1 odds as good of a deal to you as it is to me?
Lionel has his guys playing so well right now.
a you're back in U.S.?
b that's amazing re: accreditation, congrats!
and c which weekend??
pretty good: what about you?
are u worried about Taylor's game, even a little bit?
Still cranking at 6:30 on a Friday night, and there is no end in sight!
Oh damn, we are making some magical Flash stuff..
At RAW2011 panel session 1: Jennifer Hudson on NYC in early 20th C.
as seen by Russian writers.
you sounded like misery when I talkd to you last sunday
Don't stress, have sex 
Getting my hair did tonight.
Ahyeah.
haha !
I've entered the rivers contest a billion times !
They Have a private 1D concert !!
If one of us wins, we go together!!
Off to a good start...
Finished new ad for , a little Analytics work, and Wordpress manual updated!
All before 9am!
Idk Staal can and has done what Sean Couturier did against Malkin.
Pens probably don't win the cup in 09 without Staal
Thanks for the RTs and !
Great show today..
hilarious
pops softball game.
What's up man?
Some favorite places to get ACA  HCR info:
oh heck yes!
it felt so good to get all the grass outta my hair and get inside and hide from my allergies!
you seriously offended by dense?
How is anyone offended by that?
Unless of course you're just looking for a way out .
Love that show.
Go Follow She Supports MNMusic !
Yes.
Our ticket sales associates will be in touch about refunds.
I would like to see that video.
Very much so.
I just received a personal direct message that was a virus.Thought you should know.
I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste.
At Red Robins wit my buddy Alex Camper!
:D
Happy Friday!
because Roenick talks about...
winning the Cup would only be a blank page  crying RT : Roenick talks about ...
manscaping?
dont know why you are, but you are so,why?
Aw you don't look a day over 30
am fine...
Sorry for late replay cause I have another twitter account
Transformers 3 too amazing
: MentionTo your friend who loves so MUCH!
I feel like a failure when Priceline accepts my first bid.
It feels good to spoil myself once in awhile!
See, isn't easier saying y'all?
:
I haven't been on a train in years...
I want a highlighting extension that archives to
This is almost too much
Finally home!
Oh wait...
School tomorrow...
UNC is the leading candidate in our Final Four contest.
Kentucky has a lot of cards filled out as well.
Stop by before Thursday to enter.
Oh dang!
It's almost here DomesticDisobedience.
Had a great time helping install piece yesterday.
Not feeling good at all : .
Going to sleep now
Who's stoked about our next show with Visions?
We can't wait!
is here at the office today giving a group of us brief indepth look at Congress today and what to expect in the coming year
what the FUCK kind of pass was the Johansson?
great trip home frm lax to dtw via ord.
Much better than the trip out  trapped for an hour on the lax tarmac
I'll do them now!
Great minds think alike lol
Nice one !!
you need to hope for a quick score big man.
Psycho T squares off against Big Baby.
Sounds like WWF!
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas!
Check it out
MT : The fact that a Black Pres says he's in favor of marriage equality probably caused 100 heart attacks by old white men today.
what did i ask
What?
The food I eat in the car count towards my calorie intake for the day?!?!
Crap.
I think I may have solved my problem.
ok, pitt or pgh people.
I don't understand how much I need to pay, if anything, for local school tax.
advice?
whatbrightensmyday a certain someone and friends :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:
can't win starting Ishikawa and Izturis, and the Estrada too.
Bums.
I miss her!
I'll have to see her sometime before leaves for Murray State
DIdn't Dickens write that?
Is thinking belt designs tonight!
Chain, stones and creativity!
Making someone happy is possibly the best feeling on earth.
Yes!
What stop?
Moving for good?
You're not fooling me
if i dont tweet 100 times in a day, then im upset with myselff
great notes on the opening session at sxswedu!
Just when I think I have early modern optics all figured out...
i know that u did it shows that u dont any more
If the mavs come back and win this series I will stay at grace prep
Woke up this morning feeling famous.....i guess i should get use to this!
I  23andMe !
The health info and genealogy info are fascinating and priceless  a cheap way to learn your carrier status of many genes!
I get mine from Cactus Taqueria 1.
But I hear good things about Benito's, I think that's what it's called.
I'm loitering outside 914 if you're lurking about.
If, God forbid, Newt becomes nominee and then president, ya'll will find the Trotters at General Delivery, Vancouver, Canada.
sometimes people have an unfortunate, severe case of THN...
Sounds like another love TKO.
Listening to the radio at work.
How many of you believe in telekinesis?
Raise MY hand!
I hate all of you for not inviting me
Big crowd in Harrodsburg for the JJ dinner.
And I was honored to shake every hand.
CONGRATS on reaching 100,000 followers.
Quite quickly too...
Keep it up :.
Good to see Amare didn't get heated over extinguished comment.
I hope the Heat PA guy doesn't get fired.
I havent...
are they suppose to email it to me?
Thats in new york though?
I didnt know it was going up there.
in other words, lots of bowties.
follow me
Know a writer/social media marketer?
We're hiring DM for details.
See post differences with post revisions.
sexcowproject  blog coming soon!
:
Pill pooper caught in the act!
Thank you!
We are looking forward to the new website.
fuck that...
bite all you want...
but keep in mind it's hunting season...
lawyer up chump...
cant tell me shit cause i dont give a fuck!
Correct all inaccurate information.
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
got it done thanks!
According to mathematical theory, we should date a dozen people before choosing a longterm partner
You cannot do today's job with yesterday's ideas and be in business tomorrow.
But I will be there for him always 
Oh, damn!
So much to unpack in that.
Beautiful day for Earth Day festivities in Balboa Park.
Parking could be a challenge tho.
Preparing for a rainy week.
I am hopeful that we won't be slowed down.
Christ is the Lord, not Harold Camping, not Jimmy Swaggart, not Oral or Richard Roberts, not Jim Bakker, nor any other minister.....
I didn't go to much of the conference but Frank's keynote was great.
Great prefatory remarks abt the role of scholars in activism
Apple has an opportunity to make a recurring customer very happy.
I hope they step it up
I would be much more excited for high school if I was going to PFHS.
haha justin on makes everything for hungry
Qualities: Leadership, teamwork and enthusiasm are key attributes for students
wonder what my babymama is doing
Good Morning!
Enjoy your day!
I hope they leave Mannings picture on the side of Lucas Oil Stadium for at least 1 more week.
to give fans a chance to get 1 last picture
Wonderful day for and Twins Territory!
Happy home opener day for Target Field!
Thanks for the order and lead!!
Hope you like the banner!
If you want to influence others, be influenceable yourself: you must give to get.
Me too :D I just want a dog really x
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
bo!
Ugh just get on a plane and I'll show you lol
I can't wait to see DKM in march!!!
big win for the music guys!
Had 2 assemblies  a school in Whittier this morning.
Great kids, teachers, parents  principal.
kids asked great questions.
What's going on Pats?!
You know it's been a long day at the State House when you find yourself humming the Bugs Bunny theme song.
you're welcome.
Who knows, acquired a Kota Ezawa piece after our Until Now exhibition...
Sure, there was that Lego Blocks jam from Glass Domain, but was over 20 years ago.
last season wasn't really rb but pop rock is more popular than alt rock styles which is where i'd put her voice in a category
Thanks for the followback!
that aint got none to do with it rudy??
i want urs
Thank you!
:
i wish would come to the
Hello Des, nice to meet u.
I'm Billie.
U can call me Bee, my friends call me Bee :
Which is part of the problem  it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken for
You were created to impact the world with your gifting.
The world is waiting and needs you.
What are you waiting for?
At taco mac
thanks for the RT!
Happy Tuesday!
Congrats on graduating college.
: I love you cous!
I Gets Messy When I Want But My Nigga Dont Like At Shit!
Need hours of operation or do i?
and you didn't invite me?
:
TweetDingman target customers: hiring firms, recruiting firms, headhunters,
Jeremy Linn is not on my most improved player ballot because he only played 35 games.
wow no love for cotto
loves animoto.com!
Check it out!
Finally I want to say to PIA please be careful signing a contract to fast
mine is pretty far too!!!!
: but we're near the rec center aren't we?!
party party PARTY MOFOs!
fuck dud i am so ready!!!
what did you find out about biz cards.
I need some too.
how r u
back on my running grind and it feels great.
i must remember to stretch.
anyone have any tips?
m brushed steel
Yes, this is what I do on my birthday.
I can already tell I'm not going to be seeing battleship.
yes gurl yes
that's called reverse psychology.
I agree
thanks angel :
but will it be podcast today?
I love listening, but its difficult for me unless delivered via rss feed.
Some people are so conceited, i swear.
Its not even funny.
thanks for the follow.
I hope to have something for you to look at within the year.
and a very cheerful morning to you!
How is this day treating you so far?
D
Go Cubbies Go!
Who subs in a rookie in a tie game with five minutes to go???????????
that's awesome!
Happy early bday :
bummer.
I havent had any issues with Spotify but I'm not using a paid account either.
Met a guy who's cousin, several states away, cut my hair when I was a kid.
His FiL, in a diff state, worked in a building my Grandpa owned.
For those of you heading home, wtop is reporting that all HOV restrictions in Virginia have been lifted!
Dede Allen you are smiling in heaven!
it's high time you grab one or all of your costars and do a cover version of a fave tune in your room.
I will apologize for him.
Every fan base has at least 1 idiot, embarrassing!!
Sorry.
reducesbellyfat with Check it out!
Neddie final day party!
machine22 now, next!
Baby boys, a secret band who plays rockin STUFF!
Seawhores bday suits!
I just don't get all the ranger fan hate...
Now cowboy fans, those are retards!!!
Coming up next on BBC World Service: 5 mins of int'l news, 10 mins of news re: Britain  45 mins of cricket scores from around the world.
yeah he's pretty cool!
Lol he knows how much I like Eminem.
Kimo's Hawaiian rules says  NEVER JUDGE A DAY BY THE WEATHER.
is currently streaming from our bus lol
New payments alternatives  8:00?
A.M.?
cool.
Then at least you promised to visit us.
Can't ask for more than that.
:
Ok.
Now I'm going to Dine Out for Life.
While wearing my I 3 Buffalo Football tshirt.
Why is oomf , talking to me ?
:
Gonorrhea is the second most commonly reported infectious disease in the United States, with 330,132 cases reported in 2004 Weinstock, B...
I have horrible taste in movies.
I've watched Ninjas vs.
Aliens before.
Cowboys vs Aliens 7/29
Love seeing everyone's true colors.
You should have some Cheddar Ice Cream then...
Yum
I'm forever yours, faithfully.
I'm down
Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow will be Columbus76th :Come by for tasting Free samples!:...It's going to be a great day, and I will bring TABOULEH!
I spent the past hour and a half properly tagging my portfolio by review, interview, outlet, festival, medium and type.
Feels satisfying!
:
Awkward moment when I try on my prom doctorss for my dad and he doesnt like it, oh....
I smell a new commercial!
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble.
Music starts at 6:30.
No cover!
Thanks so much for sharing, George.
Dang bro that bad
I will be the one that you can run to, the only one 
My daddy needs to call me
Michelle walks past the tabloids, says I hope nothing bad ever comes out about Tim Tebow.
Nothing but he's a bad quarterback, I reply.
Love it!
I'm a big fan of I had a great dinner last night.
It's two things I enjoy: food and people.
Joining my voice to the chorus of people having trouble with this morning.
Who was given the gift of Floating today?
nacho taco and taquito bar!
tumbling with my wife today ;
Relaxing this morning with my family.
God has been good to me!
yes really : why u glad?
I doubt that!
:P i love you tbffl.3
CONGRATS!
RT : Finally.
Finally.
FINALLY.
I have a for real job offer, and it's in my inbox.
: Time goes by so fast.
Never miss an opportunity to tell people how much they mean to you.
Sometimes I wish you were more understanding.
.
Sitting here thinking bout my baby 
Wow, I could never have guessed.
hahahah thank you!
miss ya uzzi!
3 hope things are good
really?
I didn't notice
Today in 1992, Def Leppard hits 14 with Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad.
What does a man consider a sevencourse meal?
A hot dog and a sixpack of beer.
Prepping for family time today.
Brutus wishes he could go.
Yes we do!
Sorry, I blame Tweetdeck.
Yeah, that's it.
I havent talked to oomf in some days..
Awesome!
It's about time.
Its good to have a way to reach out to one of the greatest Love U  from KCET :
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camp treks.
Have lots of new info for you guys to update the book.
With Eric West
I would do John from Repo lolz he's sexy.
There is something missing
Bout to jump on this Call of Duty as I wait on
Great second quarter, especially for Wade
Thank you Scott!
We feel very grateful we can keep working on this stuff.
Never Forget September 11, 2001 R.I.P all lost on that fateful september morning.
/3
Bitch fuck you
Give me er'e thing.
Are you athletic?
Yeah I surf...the internet.
lmfao!!!!
where you from
I feel so out of touch
Cant wait for this wkend!
I'll be in the frt row Thursday night I'll have shades on like from the Keswick
I refuse to live life for MYSELF  Joyce Meyer
Did you know GUASFCU donates 5,000 every year to Reimagine Georgetown?
WI GrandBargain, fire public wrkrs, forced slavelabor of prisoners as replace'nt.
GOP's?...poor shld pay more...Sen Hatch
someone get Chris johnson a TD, christ he ran 200 yards
i can't wait to see how u to both act tomorrow i can't stand either of you!!!
Holiday parties are right around the corner, let Amber host your party in their private mezzanine for more information call 206.728.8500
Tim, these events and this behavior is what people were referring to at the conference.
It's becoming the face o
still up in the air but I'd like to be there
doctornk textin uh oh 
haha u there already?
Guess the Cincinnati Reds wont be adding Coco Crisp.
At 7 million a year for two years, I have to say I wouldnt have liked it either.
love barry trunk
when do the tickets go on sale.????
WE HAVE TO TAKE LANCE HOME TOO!
i might just go home and sleep!
PS I'm gonna get doctorNK now!
We doctornk a lot of beer around here.
No one ever writes songs about Monday ...
My mom is forcing me to doctornk milk when I just had dinner and a Sprite.
..

Hi thanks for the follow too : Tammie
Thanks for joining the convo !
Its a complicated topic, value on both sides of the fence.
Poor , just watched her number one ranked Buckeyes lose to the Badgers for the second time in her senior year.
heh  RT Every day is Free Comic Book Day at the Library.
Those who say fuck bitches, get money usually don't have either.
I'll take that as a yes!
If we have enough support the Wave Pool may be able to bring the doctorms..
That is awesome.
Creative Visions can assit you in your PR.
Check out our website at www.creativevisions.us
We got the same seats from the last time I was at The Warfield lol
tonight was fun chris!
Thanks a lot  chitown is always welcome to have ya back here to play anytime.: Goodtimes!
3WordsOfAdvice Be Cool Man
Another fun day in LA!
Meeting with some fun peeps today including the one and only Corey Lynn Calter!
:
Spending a good portion of the day at the PetExpo, getting free stuff.
Giving demos.
Will be out with Banshee  Sullivan.
Come say hi!
bout 2 c the hunger games Saturday with my dad and sister :
Congrats on your run  gimme somma those beets!
:p
WOW Your dad is 60 and my mom will be 60 in March when I'm your age!
I love you Taylor!
I wish you had a TParty in Charlotte
Watching Anna and King.
All I can think is POST COLONIAL RHETORIC.
Hi!
Thanks for following us.
Looking forward to being of service!...Linda :o
nestle oh nestle .
Sefolosha got Defense but Kobe spazing on that guy smh
Back in the big city.
Ha ha.
Which one?
RT : RT : A4 Makes it organic!
Make it easy for customers to love your brand
Blah blah blah blah blah what I hear when you talk to me:
ANAE a Native Enterprise is now recruiting Native American Agents   join us, make a diffence
Nothing like getting mooned by a random car doctorve by...scandelous!
thank you!
glad you're enjoying it!
and calm is good :
Yay!
Maybe others will follow your example!!
: I've joined the MLA for 2012!
:
Praying extra blessing over moms working today in public safety, hospitals, restaurants serving the needs of others.
lol oh samuel
Kicked off UNSEEN GUEST pub week with and the howling 5th graders of Larchmont.
Lovely store  they have signed copies.
Go!
Door Buster sales going to our text customers ONLY  dont miss out  text the word HEALING to 96362 and save big.
this is so cool!!!!
Thanks for sharing!
Wishing you a happy EarthDay weekend!
Enjoying some great folk art in Old Town!
Exploring the City Wonderland  LA Downtown News Online
busy n tired ...
TY!
These film peeps are incredible 
Still need to hang out with you BOTH.
For the love of God...please stop the commercials.
I promise to buy the majority of my presents at Target if you do.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down.
Love ain't nothing but sex misspelled.
Harlan Ellison
Hi piop i love trey song title when ur love is lost,
Thank you for reviewing!
We only sell one brand, and it's all good quality and Made in U.S.A.!
Speaking at U C Davis on social media.
Oh, extension class of 12.
But it's a speaking chance.
Free tours on Mother's Day at Gadsby's Tavern Museum for all mothers.
Free promotion ?
need more followers?
try the site on my professorle.
By the way.
do you follow4follow?
lets'!
definitely.....not
Attorneys in redistricting case have finished presenting evidence.
Recess until 7 then closing arguments begin.
Snag your share of thousands w/ WorkplacePayoff.
Your next cue to score 100 cash on the way in minutes.
see you in a half hour come on.
i ordered a sandwich and you are two blocks away.
it should not take that long haha
Kind of randomly into Bruckner this morning.
Not sure what that's about.
Speak your heart out.
Paul
what it dew pimp
Yall niggaz come peep out my foam party tonite at club 708 in atlanta Ga for more in call 213 361 0737
Happy mothers day to your momma!
Tell her I love her and miss her!
can i crash there?
Oh now all of a sudden , you don't give a fuck about bitches ?
You finally realzied YOU DONT GET NONE , lol .
Needing investigator who might do pro bono criminal work!
HAH.
I'm gonna miss you most of all!!
Did you know zipsters get 10 off bike accessories at Baltimore Bicycle Works?!
Just flash your Zipcard.
my take: book was interesting but slightly disappointing bc it could have been so much more.
It was still better than movie.
15.3k at break, table is tough
I Heard the opposite, Wisconsin needed to shade the 34 players over 300lbs because they were at greater risk of heat stroke
Oh my God, look at yall except Ladarius.
Anyone else hurt in the accident?
Hm....Holy Fuckin Shit Indeed bitch!
really!
Celaith is coming here and we can all ride together
I'm really disappointed my dad didn't bring his camera to the game...
How will i document this birthday gift?!
all over: cupertino ca, suburbia of boston, sorta new albany ohio; now baltimore..
why?
:
we are living in the US.
No new rewards since yesterday!
It would be great to see you, if you're in the area.
How are you?
I just seen a music video where Wiz Khalifa was topless the whole time.
Man, there's no way he weighs more than me..
Hope the rain and wind stop.
: : I'm bout to see my baby mom today lolaww
Alexandoctor Dumas Nothing succeeds like success.
they suck so i don't have to suck cuz thats gross :
Get Ready For NY City Opera's Act 4!
As machines learn to structure data from news stories.
What impact will this have on high frequency trading models?
More or less stability?
NEVER underestimate the power within you.
Achieve your doctorams today, NEVER tomorrow.
his loss my love
Yesir!
RT Thanks for coming out to support I really appreciate it guys
Thanks for the post ; For coupons and contests at the FASTFIX location you can follow
DFish with just a many points as Kobe!
Old UALR Trojan still relevant baby!
I've never felt this way about someone before.
It's weird..
It looks so yummy!
Was just informed that the BB we're staying at is having a tango tonight in the hall.
hahaha potate..
potatoes...
NIALL ...
one direction...
this is what my life has come to
Good morning.
Are u still in NYC?
If so, how long will u be there?
Would luv to contact you abt a project re: Sierra Leone.
Awww, thank you so much, Lauren!
That means so much to me!!
XOXO
Im Chillin' like a villain like the penguin in its fuckin' igloo eating fudgesicles ;D 3
packer fans love you too I look forward to watching you play for many years with the pack and making a lot of pro bowls
On da way bak to HTown
Women's match Wimbledon ...hard to watch the falls on grass court!
you beat me to the tweet.
Have a great night!
you know it Petrey!
I woke up wanting to tell someone stories.
I think that is my new whiskey hangover.
thanks to had a Sugarcubes flashback on my doctorve in to work this morning, 3 it
I'm in the same room as Meat Loaf.
And Matthew McConaughey.
But mostly Meat Loaf.
Ohh : iM So Sad Now .
And Today iCalled Your Name Goin To Third And You Looked Back But You Didnt see Me
It may almost be December, but we've been having the perfect BBQ weather!
Come on down soon!
I swear i would ever guy that disrespects a girl thrown in jail if i was president.
Don't ever hit or push a girl.
Today's discovery: I really like doing program dev templates to help clients prioritize bringing programs online.
It's like a data puzzle!
In tomorrow's race I'll consume at least 1100 calories of Gu  Chocolate Outrage and Vanilla Bean
love that place
Kool Keith and plotting retention stuff
Fast weeks 
Success often leads to arrogance, and arrogance to failure.
When chris brown is on two stations and you cant pick which one to listen to.
I've lived in germany on 2 occasions, they would not respond to a protest this way.
and protests are much more common there
Wow that play was so good it made me depressed.
is a fake account.
go report her!
:
Circumstance has no power over you.
Your inner weather is always and forever at your command.
Olga Rosmanith
Having a bum knee is no fun at all.
I can barely walk today.
Ouch!
Client is going big with his charity weekend in Phlly coming up.
www.RaheemBrock.com for details.
The Premier Event of the Year!
they wanted their name to start and end with a m.
Did you just throw up or something??
RT : The attorney for Ohio State's Terrelle Pryor says the QB won't return for his senior season.
Jazz trio gig this eve.
w/ and Michael Brenneis at Pasqual's Hilldale from 5:308:30 for free.
This is gonna be REALLY happenin'!
Good luck!
Hearing a lot about sinus infections this year with the extra irritation caused by an intensified allergy season.
RT : When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states.
marriageequality !!
olkiiiiiiiii thank you tell me when u did!:
waiting for my flight..
Gotta love some of the ppl you see in airports!!
Yes...Did you know their gowns were just featured on this week?
wow, lookin sexy.
Enjoyed visiting Tudor Place today, even on a rainy day.
Vry knowledgeable guide, great experience.
a man should not doctornk pink lemonade in public
I think anyone with the url.
Only thing good about the nbaleaugepass is the free first week!
Hope so!!!
Sounds exciting :
Thank you
Saturday's the day!
Store 28 opens and we are celebrating like no other Be the first person to make a purchase and get 28 OFF!
THIS JUST IN: Beach Fossils are headlining the next ACT 4 event on 3/24/11.
Buy your opera tickets now!
xoxoxoxox right back at ya!
Massage and a day hopely stress free is my only agenda.
A beautiful day doesn't hurt:
I asked the police officer if the whistle around his neck was his rape whistle and if he's ever had to use it...I was sober.
it is wayy too early to still be awake!!
been a good night though :
think we could convince to host a museum mixologist contest one year?
Museumthemed cocktails!
...
if cowards wanna bust he'll probly doctornk vodka yela's the shit
captainring content in social media...
so Meta...
hahaha I don't think I'd be able to hold my phone.
I'd doctorp it.
His lips would be against my cheek.
lol
always my favorite place for a run when in LDN on biz
you won't feel it soon web your tipsy!!!
Hey y'all, any churches or music clubs in texas, oklahoma, LA, or mississippi need a rock band for feb 5,6, or 7th?
Check
The real solution is this logic should never have been in the code to begin with
: I have been slacking on my following, guess I need to follow 40 ppl to get back on pace.
Who wants a follow?
Follow me J!
woohoo!
hope you have an awesome time!
we need to day doctornk.
Now.
where's the love?
What's the ETA on the new station at New Jersey and D, SE?
It was announced last July...
blue laws bud
yes: I love to, you?
Need to work off mary Mahoney's and some cocktails before gaming show.
At the gym
can I just I love how this convo has developed 5 people lol
Bol too funny.
how are your weiner dogs doing Percy ??
hahah yea same here!
Except Jordan hill.
Get it girl ;
Love is assisted pull ups at home.
And tacos.
it's no way girls is in Cali rocking UGGS?
And what daisy dukes?
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great Derby weekend
people still care about the Microsoft user base, for some reason.
people who sell stuff with HTML email
Ah no way!
I lived in Prescott for like 8 years, went to college in Flag, and now I'm in Scottsdale too!
Pissed i fell asleep..
think im bouta go ona mickey ds run..
...
probably the only upside to traveling!
Thanks for the RT, Patti!
Hope that you have a great day.
I think you should do It Will Rain by Bruno Mars.
I think you would kill that song.
:
Uncharacteristically fidgety today.
What the heck?
Congratulations on the funding.
Best of luck in the future!
you can get me food too if you wanna
Cj Wilson is a little bitch.!
BTW I love your site : I just started web design in college along with 3d animation and multimedia
that's good we'll it's even great that u're going to pass :D
bummer  well, send surrogates!
:  Hope the shoot goes well!
u kno it I might b wit jones 2day
Miss America 2012 oh man the image of America has really changed
Thanks for the Retweets!
Ok I'm listening to Madonna right...I totally fellize how dope she was in the 80s.
having a good morning 
cutest picture!
The kids are getting so big  haven't seen you all in a long time.
Hope you are well!
Thnx for the mention!
the fighter.
Duh huh!
is learning rodeo lexicon
Oh wow we really do need to find a middle state!
lol
Good luck to my favorite roomie best friend at tonight's performance!
imagen YN: omg mindless beh Prince: just shut up and kiss me ;
It's every day for my 1 year old!
Nice to know my yummy food decisions for him are super healthy ones too!
Thanks !
Something about a Scholastic Book Fair that sucks all of the energy out of you
follow back please :
Happy winedownwednesday humpday folks!Weeks halfway over!
Getting it in so I can get out of here  watch some games with my bartab doctornks
There is some strange energy in the air today, everyone everywhere seems to be highly volatile.
I think is ignoring me.
:
If you're a cop go eat a dick  die you bitch ass pig
She must me getting in her P90X.
ahahahahaha goodness.
Omg I miss you bitch!
Wtf
The 1 most indemand CleveJob is
He thinks Oswalt isn't an ace, and that its debatable that Happ is better...
Galen, I would like to debate Skip Bayless on First Take.
I'm a fan that loves the show.
Is it possible?
In 's session w/  other students about 4 years of dig history , mining ideas for course w/
Project for the rest of the week  create new library internal doc and teach myself at the same time!
Catskills for the weekend.
I FOLLOWED PLEASE TELL HIM AND PLZ FOLLOW ME
RT Is twitterature really a word?
I don't know but I LIKE IT!
Luke Walton showcasing that j!
i am bored
Gators pull it off in 11, top UNF 43.
Zunino doctorves in the winning run with an RBI double.
no :c
My friends and I would make either 4 or 5!
Crap, I don't think I could make it if it's on a weekday.
Are those the only days?
Happy Hour is in fullforce.
Come by and enjoy a hardearned beverage on our patio this afternoon!
aw fun : they are perfect, it was the first time I saw them
make sure you get a soft ifb, the hard plastic earpieces are uncomfortable unless they are custom molded.
After being in DC, NYC  Boston, I'm so sad about our belowpar public transport in Baltimore.
Time to suck today's dick
Absolutely, always.
that'll never change.
OH YEAH.
I found my iPod!!
Of course.
Finally catching up on things.
Are you doing a role in the next LB Shakes play?
Thanks for helping me choose pic's for my new ITUNES singleMidnight Moon Shadows Free music preview in two weeks!
.
Perry first needs to beat Cain.
The Steelers just got their eventual Casey Hampton replacement.
Great fourthround value in Alameda Ta'amu.
Ideal 34 nose.
liked that movie.
good pairing.
U lookin thru those crimson glasses
instagram makes every photo totally awesome!
i 3 my iphone camera.
Congrat's to the team for their repeat title win Nerdery's Overnight WebChallenge, 2nd year running...
listening to my song by boyz ll men  charlie wilson more than you'll ever know 3
Heh.
Now if only all politicians came with warranties and moneyback guarantees.
sweet!
Did your house burn down?
How are you?
yeah yeah.
Omw to get my boys!!
I smell like candy :
Nothing wrong with a long, smooth interlude.
Mini concerts happening all over town, anyone else wanna host us?
no way?!?
That's awesome!!
one of my residents just saw my warm and fuzzy's and asked what they wereI said they were nice things people wrote me
two cougars were checking me out at WFB city market on sunday.
Only weight check in I need.
Have a feeling if I knocked on neighbors' door  said Hi, I'm here to assert my bacon rights.
Please hand over two strips they'd call cops
Glad you reminded me about that.
Just ordered one for myself.
Anything with new work needs to be in my hands...now.
Who knew a Penny War, a Dunk Tank  a chance to sink your boss would raise 1K for ?!
Great job /!
Just watched The Princess Bride for the Idon'tknowhowmanyth time.
First time with , though.
:
: Loved it!
at first it seemed predictable but then got so creative.
Lots of fresh ideas!
tomorrow night lol her actual birthday is today but the party is tomorrow
definitely.
Also first week in march too.
Putting together our application to Materials for the Arts.
If you are a notforprofessort ,you should to!
ewww gross Maurice!!!
I'm jealous of the butter beer!
I've never had one!
if she roll a good blunt, wife that bitch.
Listening to the show.
Where is this supermarket again?!
Mazal tov for your new home, neighbor!
Did you know 63748 elephants have me instead of polar bears?
Oo
I'm going to be a smartass and call it a morning.
Or a weekend.
A special Happy Mothers Day to my mother of almost 20 years the lady I love the most my Mom
adding text to a new website, meeting a client at 4 for a debrief, staying generally busy.
:
Like Eli , I did it
At Q  A, director says Detroit created the classic American doctoram, and has proved that doctoram is not sustainable.
what's your main race again, protoss?
that's a better scenario to b n Bcuz you know bruh so well!
If he's feelin u,  u feelin him den I say go 4 it!
I enjoy reading sportsrelated tweets from !!
That's my girl!!
yep.
I am no longer green ...
Whatever that means!!
: 
awesome!
What is your favorite so far?
Alright!
: x
Don't forget!!!
is having a huge 4th of July sale!!!
Go to dannapools.net for great prices!
Thanks so much!
just saw this you can send it to my email if you want and we'll throw it on the show
Today Was A Good Day just came on shuffle...
Proverbs 16:3 Commit to the Lord whatever you do and your plans will succeed.
Today has been a long, but great day!
So looking forward to what else God has in store for me!
I honestly think my french teacher is putting in F's on purpose because she doesnt like me, and i do all the work
but i look at it this waythis to shall pass.
:
A perfect pairing!
RT : Appetizers and cocktails !
Everyone's there for you  !
text me?
The twitter winner for our Tshirt contest is !!
Thanks to everyone, you guys are amazing!!
Much love, TRT3
Good to see you Obi!!
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.Groucho Marx
RT : You don't txt me, I understand.
You don't call, I understand.
But when I move on I hope you understand!!!
Thaks for the link!
Nice perspective.
Pricing fair vs discounting is always a challenge...
You're welcome, congrats on the LEED certification!
Time travel is the key to happiness.
Travel into the future, experience the bad parts, and then come back and change them
hope ya find the bear
Just had a little run in with Shia Labeouf at Fedex.
Neither of us could figure out why some lady was trying to sell us socks
Well now everyone at school knows im gay.
I wonder how many people are gonna approach me about it.
Yes Gil deserves a lot more love!
Garibaldis with my two favs!!!
Can't wait to doctornk some tequila!!!
So what's the etiquette for going into the kitchen to make dinner when my roommate is on a date in the living room?
I am not the bus doctorver you want to ask directions from today.
MKE MCTS.
Personal.
Where do you buy fresh truffles?
I'll take one
It's 58 degrees  my coworkers think it's cold out.
smh
4:20 FUNNY  Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
He was a chicken.
Going to the zoo with the fam today.
Trying to make it to cookout too
ONE thing
If your hearts not in it then why be in it?
Selfmade men, debunked
We've hit that time of year when I put on my grandma's winter hat and wait for March.
Brrr.
but Liam thinks I'm funny so YOLO
are you in Portland?
You should look Mark up, he's at Portland State
where u 
ha, sorry to disappoint :
Khloe Kardashian  Lamar Odom In NearFatal Car Crash.
Where is Kim's ass when cushion is needed?!
WeWereCoolUntil U said dat the Thunder Would Get a Sweep Before The Heats
same, you're home for the summer?
Thank you to our ALZ Stars who ran in the Mini today!
mothers day is coming up!!
anyone have plans for mothers day??
any good ideas??
mothers day breakfast in bed celebrating mothers day
9,473 in attendance for game 1 of 3 between the White Sox and Tribe
yeah man crazy aint it didn't think she was cut throat but I didn't put it past her
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for to him all are alive.
Luke 20:38
Finally going to sleep.
I don't want to go to work tomorrow...
made some updates to the twitter page, we've got a new design up!
Is it just me or has ted nugent gone completely bat shit crazy??
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
oh god, you're right.
heaven forbid it be a boy car.
is dedicating this morning to playing with Flypaper and reading about elearning and libraries.
He also showed me his Brewers shirt today and whispered, I don't like basketball.
I like baseball.
Of course.
Oh well she finna have to wake here 3 months old ass up!
I need a nano watchband.
recommendations?
Happy to be doing tech for
Belly dance to good health
dude I just got here i'm gonna be here for at least another hour.
Planning a wedding?
Let the staff at Details help you plan all your prewedding and wedding day appointments.
Call Michelle at 6192226777
If Photography can captainre one moment of pure beauty, just imagine how cinema is a string of those moments...the possibilities...
How was dinner last night?
Were you celebrating Valentine's Day?
:
yeah good point!
WhatTomWouldDo Save our state from a Koch addiction.
we're the ones that produced Bossmade.
You killed it!
Look, they never proved that gym teacher did anything wrong.
RT : Break lines?
Skipped the lesson on homophones?
What does I will stomp a mudhole in your ass mean anyway?Same thing as IF you piss me off i will put my foot up your ass?
its pointless to grow out my nails, they always end up breaking when i play.
anyways.
Im too fucking nice, I cant stand it.
it will soon come :
OMG...just realized and can prove our banking system is corrupt.
We didn't borrow money from them, they created because of us!
John mayer born  raised and Valet mag in the morning.
So Americana.
listened to Sports Central tonight.
Had to hear how the Packers fans felt 1 day later.
Good therapeutic session.
Pack will be back.
Preparing to take the stage in Winter Garden, Florida
It's Earth Day, everyone should be playin' outside with us!
And clean up after yo'self.
KD is black mamba jr.
RT : Don't forget that today is national comic sans day.
Make sure to send dck emails with a fun font!
Yo your TeamDomino is in the building!
I have some wonderful new followers.
Thanks everyone!!
showing he is ready to go in the 800 at the trials
Notice your feelings...and allow them.
Allow, not wallow.
Allow, not swallow.
Setting concrete tomorrow.
great job with Uncle Bob's Bears.
I grew up near there and love those bear carvings.

sitting here feeling kind of crazy  not just any crazy .
its the kind you feel when you love somebody .
love your logo!
he's a OG in the forest.
He got the toad gang with Kermit the frog.
feel the fourth flow through you
Thanks for the RT:
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
hey brian how was the gig?
Cooking pork chop.:
I just poured one out for Dale.
...and the vinyl ones actually don't leave the mark on the wall  you can remove them and reuse!
i hate when my door is shut , someone walks in my room , i tell them to shut the door when they leave , but when they leave , they don't 
my guy friends just told me they remind me of u.
Biggest.
Compliment.
Ever.
You're beautiful.
My mom may go with me she loves it there more than here too she is really thinking about it now lol
btown's now spiffy rendezvous, ravenna's wood paneled 3rd place pub, or udistrict's the knarr shipwreck dive...
I'm from Florida: but I'm currently in LA for my music career:
: Im still tired
shows you who the real bitches are huh?
Hahahaha that's messed up how do yu get that?
Guyss celyna lost her story so im going 2 start mine !
: hope we'll find it son !
: xx michelle 
Missing my family this morning, but I have the joy of witnessing childoctorn baptisms Nice to see youth go public!
thx for following sis.
Yay now we can tweet.
Trying to DM ya, Can you hit me up?
i really wish you were here next to me right now...when i need you the most 3
if your near office take a photo of the lobby and upload to You'll be compensated for your efforts :
Returning Veterans Get Much Needed Job Search Support
Dukes new release due out Feb 2012 Country meets Dixie featuring Oak Ridge Boys, Nashville veterans and new comers.
Classic and original.
I hate the way syd is so quite and kept to her self/:
Come out tonight to East Meets West Bookstore and listen to live music by the and !
8:30 934 Mass Ave Cambridge!
really, that's very interesting.
Personally do you like being Mormon?
Also, it's a basketball trade.
People need some perspective with their outrage.
Juhasz gave book to MIT for free.
But it still cost  to create.
Big q: What are the funding models for this kind of work?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Like said click Change All...
below Use this application to open all documents like this one.
in Get Info.
Moving is such a hassle.
Canceling everything and then starting new accounts...
blah.
Some people
I gotta get up n da a.m.....lata tweeties
Thanks to for the follow!
Txt message marketing is a great way to promote you brand Buy Bixby!
Call about details  9182710062
No matter what I always end up hurting the people closest to me..
In theme with the oscars, I have gold and black crackle polish.
Thanks for Retweet!
BeautifulBoys.
these are wonderful boys i love everything thing about them.
There will be a reception immediately following my recital  April 3rd, 2010 at the Roulette, NYC!!!
Yey!
Tamales are impressively versatile They are great for each meal, for dinners alone  holiday celebrations.
Better get a bulk order!
GiveObamaCreditFor...
ObamaRapNames is now trending.
Guess republicans really don't want to give obama credit for anything.
History is more or less bunk.
2012 one day away.
If you have kids, check out our new Kids Paddle Fest we are hosting!
still waiting for the life proof iPad case...
Bout to buy the griffin one if you guys don't hurry
Looking to buy or sell a Manhattan Condo?
Tweet me!
I have over 17 years experience selling throughout downtown Manhattan.
Try Tin Lizzys in Grant Park.
Heading over to Front Page News in Little Five Points or Midtown is awesome too.
yeah i know send me a pic of you so i can make it for you
Send us your email over DM and we'll hook you up with the beta invite.
Tweet us some love if you like what you see.
Thanks!
Hamlet: The videogame.
To Be Not To Be.
Everyone Dies.
Game Over.
Agree, plus we feel it IS attribution.
RT In social media, linking to someone's stuff is a high compliment.
The Lakewood California police racial professorle...it makes me sick!
please tell me you heated it up in the microwave and added vanilla ice cream...cause that right there is the best.
Not all those who wander are lost
thats to much to ask for thooo.
your movie will always be the best cinderella movie doctorw.
No matter how many are made.
:
Happy Valentines Day!
Gallery 924 is open late tonight.
Stop by to see Jan Martin's work!
I'm not proud of anything I do.
It seriously kills to know the shit I do to people.
I enjoy reading 's bedtime texts!
Lol.
Night!
You're just ready for these 3 days to be over so your biggest competition will be gone.
But baby she may be gone, but she'll never be out!
I have a house that I share with two roommates, it's about 15 minutes from campus.
Tyler has to live on base unfortunately :
thats easy to say when you the boss you love yo job and yo net worth is damn near a billion dollars
BUT I WOULD LOVE THAT
Ah thanks so much  I'm actually working on a proper trailer that will be up very soon!
Hm.
needschangeofaddoctorssforms j/k
Visitors to historic sites and cultural attractions stay longer and spend more money than other kinds of tourists.
Impromptu after dinner dance parties always leave us one dance partner short....
u know i've been away from da new new....puttin dis mixx tape together.
so did you go for any walks today.
So efffin hungry!
!!
I'm losin weight wit every breath I take...
smh
enough with the instagram pictures of the pool y'all
its been way too long..
Thanks!
I'll try to make it if I can!
Your body is a temple created by God.
Treat it like one.
From today forward, honor Him by taking care of yourself physically.
thanks I think the tiger is such a beautiful and majestic animal so beautiful
its the truth
Just saw some of Sam's photos  I need to buy Oil Overload 5 to complete my life yes?
let's turn around and go back, buy a tent and live there until we get enough money.
Occupy DSM taking over Chris Christie event!
See the outburst on 10 at 10 on ABC5!!
The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss
I can't wait to chop off your penis and take it to Idewild and give the geese a treat
Thanks for your work on this JMS!
Thanks for following, enjoy your Sunday.
:
what you doing?
Caitlin, KB, Eli and myself in the crib with hot toddies and Meg Baird on.
Holdin dis ham bitch got a beam on it
never told me if she was gonna be in austin or SA this coming week!!!
That oh fuck!
moment when you lean back a little too far in your chair and then gravity takes over.
Hehe : I love taking ours outside on their harnesses too!
Bye bye kendall wright
There's 2 ways to enter into a Monday, ease into it or jump off a plane!
Currently flying high!!
Tune into for both my stories.
So jealous of the artists on Face Off.
They get to sculpt a piece based off of a Patrick Tatopoulos creature design.
why the red??
Road trip girl!
haha
thank you for sharing this great article on innovation!
Well that's all folks!!!
another year has come and gone.
It was full of stress and headaches but it will all be worth it in the end
Four hours in.
I think they're just now getting the first shot of the day ...
Does everyone's grandmas house smell the same?
Like as soon as you walk in you smell food and you could eat forever and ever?
My sisters are officially obsessed with the iconic boyz, that's all they talk about.
hi All
Okay  Everything's cool.
Okay?
You make no sense.
Okay...
You're creepy.
Okayy  I don't care.
Okay.
I am so pissed off.
Please note that the MFA thesis show's reception is scheduled for this Sat.
See you there!
Big things coming to MT.
Vernon.
Sexy Nightlife!
I do not want to be at work I want to be in bed
Dani Scoville thanks for the follow.
In the short term I agree vendor prefixes are a better solution than balkanizing the web.
I just hope they eventually go away.
I just subscribed to the RSS feed.
I have a bone to pick with you, unfortunately Im having a phone crisis at the moment.
LOL
Imagine Austin: I must be in heaven.
You: Why?
Austin: Because I'm looking at an angel 
Solutions: fine tune online resources
Nevermind, that one was actually pretty funny.
I take that last one back.
How's everyone doing?
Lol
THANK YOU for the AM laughter!!!!!
I recommend Systane for doctor eyes.
happened to me once.
AND the spare was locked on trailer  I was keyless, 25 miles from home.
Stranger saved the day.
Never thought I'd be so excited that Methode was working.
Also: Methode is working!!
No lo somos, viva mexico cabrones.
Really wish I could go to relay for life.
Bo.
well said, Rhett.
I'm glad you added your voice to that conversation.
Your book is so needed.
: Cancer Friendship Style: You're a loyal friend that likes to stay in touch, even if you move away.
:
if MATT and you were born in 1998 on 20 February HUNTERCHILENA !!
Thanks for bieng on the Idol show .
I would rather listen to your comments than the other female judge .
thanks so much.
So so so much.
Looking at apartmentratings.com is one of the more depressing things I've done.
Apparently every building in Seattle is simply horrid
Happy Mothers day!
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
Greengrocer had fresh green olives today.
Can someone point me to an interesting recipe?
Green olive soup, ala LeBecFin, maybe?
This Means War looks totally unrealistic.
No way Chris Pine could compete with Tom Hardy's lips.
Thanks again to for a night of good food and good times.
Luv ya!
Thanx for the info, Tawny!
Longtime fan!
Serving Hope Gala Benefiting the Dallas Providence Homes, Canyon Creek Country Club Richardson, TX  Friday 4/1 at 6:30PM
how many books have you written?
It must be hundoctords.
JW August says Saldana was the most assertive in the debate
Have a great weekend ya'll its sunny and bright here in ATX time to hit the trails then kayak Lady Bird Lake.
I hope you get outside today!
I've decided to tell my misguided coworker that being a pall bearer isn't a career.
missing the naughty clan!!
No treatment is available yet.
Had a bowl of pasta for dinner.
Still hungry.
Ah, pregnancy.
I would hate to be homeless.
I smell like
Anytime, Girl!
MT : Thanks for the swimming motivation last night.
Much needed.
70.3 is fast approaching.
don't worry Justin, I'm already following : now all I need is for u to follow me and I'm all set!
I love u jb!
Did you mean to call me on Skype?
I started eating 5 mini meals per day and stopped eating meat  my energy is through the roof.
It's been about two months and I feel great!
Yo got O.M.G in his phone lmao but it made me think of her 3
It's obviously mocking the 99.
Getting ready to walk across the stage in about 15 minutes.
Aiight Graduation , you're winning.
I'm getting emotional now.
Man I feel sorry for the knicks...they don't stand a chance in this series
Anyone know of a place hiring new RN's?
Its for a friend , Thanks!
Great resource, liked the models in the book, especially the one related to informal learning, for me twitter fits right in.
Where are all the weird funny crazy people like me when you need'em?
Ugh...I have to get up at 6AMish to put my brother on the bus...why am I still up?
wins martinsville.
Way to go nascar champ is next
Do not wanna go back to work that whole week without working was too real
deep blue sea was very good, though I was def expecting to see wrestle some sharks.
I'll have to check it out!
It looks so cool...
but it might take some practice Hope you have a great weekend girlie!
it can also be a pain lol
What really goes on in the morning at the Navajo reversation.
Like sun rise.
Go to www.apinsights.info to see the video
Just did my taxes.
I'm a big kid now!
Motor racingBahrain Formula One Grand Prix result
you walked right by me at Duck game.
Tv doesn't due you justice.
Absolutely GORGEOUS.
GO DUCKS!!!!!!
hahah, I hate you bro!
Catching up on some Degrassi.
3 one episode left.
:
I have a player that had a legit chance to play overseas and maybe in the league DM for info
Whole milk?!
Thanks for the follow!
The Richmond Jazz Scene fiercely support TITO's!
Lips are sealed tight!
IPhone!
Had the RAZR doctorid for less than two weeks and I took it back for alot of reasons!
I love my iPhone!
got 99 problems but a dick aint one.
Thanks for the heads up!
Big day tomorrow with race and LT party lastminute gathering...
but I should try to get there.
I got some of the best fans in the world
Another beautiful day in the big apple!
Going to the park today for a walk.
NY Rehearsal for tonight, 9:30 show Metropolitan Room
So um, just sayin: Nick and I are totes rocking Easter Eve today.
Red Sky on tap, growlers agrowlin and hilarious conversations abound.
OK, so I've discovered Google apps ...
now what?
There was a lot of sizzling going on last night!
we will be doing another singles event next month!
all you singles BOLO for deets.
S/O TO MY NIGGA , HE GRINDS NONSTOP FOR SUCCESS....
Women are equal and they deserve respect.
Just kidding they should suck my dick.
Wondering if is attending WGCCadillac I need a smarta fix!
I didn't know love could leave so swiftly.
girl you love you some don't you!!
mmerry christmas eve!!!!
I'm falling for you all over again  but it's different.
is beyond gorgeous!!!
to get this weekend started could you please play Old School by Chuck Wicks?
I really wanna move to Knoxville.
The guys are cuter there.
Wow.
:o I missed you Twitter...
3 D;
Someone please call Molly.
love the haircut doll!
First creative task is to design a cartoonish trap,like one for the rd runner, in 1 week.
It can be made of anything.
that tech exists on iPad and iPhone.
You can sign using your finger.
It just depends on what you're trying to do.
Our show 'The Thin Line' will be up thru March!
Thursdays 58p, Saturdays 125p.
It's just like a soap opera, only on paper and canvas.
As they will.
Lakers  Classless RT : Mavericks PA announcer to arena: We're going to win this thing with class.
I want to feel you breathe close to me.
Gotta a lot of reading to do...some pretty good.
Got a date with hubby first though.
Great way to round out a lovely Saturday.
: That's an interesting question.
I'd think about it if I lived there.
The world isn't interested in the storms you encountered, but whether or not you brought in the ship.
Raul Armesto
I went to my storage space today and looked at my guitar...
Can't wait til I can play her again
And horrible football team.
4 hit batters was a routine walk in the park for Great start by Sneed.
Halvorsen: Interesting perspective on history thru: The Mind's New Science: A History of the Cognitive Revolution by Howard Gardner
thanks my lovee!:
on fan 93.7 in pitt now check it out
Start at EZ3 Media tomorrow, then Second City Improv class!
I'll look for one.
WalMart?
Renear: We do not have a robust account of identity and change in the digital world
ONE MORE DAY!
Gotta get my study on!
Real Estate Gods are in my favor...I hope
What a better way to start your weekend off then Blood Mary's and Brunch.
Brunch from 10am3pm, plus 241 Absolut Bloody Mary:0
darn I've been to busy sit take a break and doctornk my coffee.
Now its cold :
History, Crisis, Solutions, Charts, Videos, National Debt, iphone apps, tshirts...
DeficitAid has it all.
Come, learn, debate.
there concert and someone tells him ur there and he runs off the stage n looks for u and says I knew i would find u
I really wish my body would stop breaking down.
Tune in NOW to hear what and Steam room Topic is!
Call in Now 7602835110 press 1 and go live!
how many pills do ya have to take a day?
The one I have is like 6 a day I don't like taking so many pills...
You guys make up a time for your fights?
LOL me  my sisters usually just go after each other at the 1st chance we get
I'm so tired, why am I still up .
I can see watch it on sunday ticket app RT : New England Patriots blacked out again.
just saw the tweet girl havent on this shit for a minute...
Ya power hour...
How could i forget
The Avengers may have spoiled the world for superhero movies.
I forgot how much better almond milk tastes in coffee than coconut milk!
M
So cheated.
Nice!
Thank you!
I'm glad you had a good time.
Both were real passion projects  built on blood, sweat, and tears.
Salud!
RT if you like saving money baby!!!!
Are you an ONTD'er?
Congrats to former Sun Devil, James Harden.
I'm usually a Suns fan, but for the playoffs I say ThunderUp!
600,000 black and latino ppl were stopped and frisked by NYPD
Do any of you have a tattoo that is glow in the dark or can be seen with a black light??
you too.
Glad you came.
Why are there taco bells in San Diego?
Who would eat there?
Might be the most expensive day trip ever.
Just checked in for my flight home.
It was fun Jacksonville.
Thanks for helpin us spread the word!
MT HappyHouring at
Massive traffic to my website today from link in their showcase.
Curious what happened.
I'm Out Of Here .
If money is the root of all evil ,, why do churches beg for it ?
Spain says
Ah.
Thanks.
Not what I thought.
:
: 3 years ago, on this day, a tall brunette with a French accent walked into your life.
Lovin' the new shirt, lady!
:D
it is like a dirty slurpee
did you really just tweet a Mary Kay quote Biddy?
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
Were you going to write another story?
Sorry if I bothered you I just wanted to know:
Freaked out when I heard that album is gonna be out on my BIRTHDAY!!
I kn what im asking for!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the info!
Super duper!
its complicated, our issue is compounded by DNS.
Friday's performance of THE SHADOW BOX is soldout on Goldstar.
Call the Edgemar box office for seats: 3993666 or shoot for Saturday.

Best sportswriter we've had here in a long time.
Start working on a book, would ya?
Baltocentric if you please.
spoileralert Charlie might have a long wait!
I love my Cable and do not take kindly to your evil words and shameless tone.
doctornking a beer on the ub stampede is embarrassing.
back up in tha shop !
come through ..
sry my baby is first
At home, with a cold, working on personnel policies and Gov Doc homework.
has big plans for the South End of the grounds!
Have you booked your corporate outing there yet?
Loads of fun and value!
Art things on my wish list: Inkling, Maya software, and Artrage Studio Pro.
I want to learn and work more on the computer.
:
It's friday i know something's happening.
Where is it?
My teacher told me that I was a piece shit......seen her the other day, doctorving a piece of shit
lol ok but until then we'll be crashing your spot :
RTM rocks!
lmk how you like it.
NCLA11 ...
see you at NC3ADL11 ?
we're so flattered!
keep an eye out for a new podcast later this month
You're 1 of 4 players in UK history to shoot 44 FG, 81 FT, and 37 3PFG for an entire career
Taking the dog for a walk
Do the kids at my bus stop think it is okay to stand in the middle of the street?
woo!
that's awesome!
Saturday works great, 11?
12?
hahaha.
yay!
Funny!?
Saudi's don't let women vote but the NAACP asks the UN to look into US voting laws.
I recommend some Bad Religion to follow that.
RT : Its funny but those days where my hair is big, frizzy  out of control are the days I get the most complements
The movie HURRICANE SEASON with Forest Whitaker imparts a message far beyond basketball.
elevatelive I am on elevate live with Ali Brown and many of my Ali gal/guy family
Walked to the gym b/c I was too lazy to doctorve.
Yay, Ive been casted in a new feature.
Through The Eyes of the Storms by Robbie Lewis.
Im super excited and cant wait to start.
That's crazy talk.
Unless you're preggers with a child made out of rock hard abs!
AM I RIGHT?!
Crying, Thinking of the journey that all your Mahomies have gone through with you.
Ilove you and i give you my 3 and support
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers in Twitterland.
been there before, great for any meal!
Burgers fantastic as well
i really love steak
Hey are you still up?
Cause I wanted to tell you I liked you on ustream tonight3 : follow me please?:
That's not a bad PR pitch line.
group hug right back atcha.
lucky man
Lol I just listened to a song and I thought my mom was knocking on my door
Y U NO TALK TO ME LOVE?
its 11:11 make a wish and say!
follow back
Grr gotta go to sleep but im coming tomorrow so stop crying wuv u!!!
Clean your Files Day for Businesses is April 24.
Sign up by 4/18 by calling 4103964511

no they can't suck a dick , sorry .
And your right none of them cared when I told them .
But ask him where the hell my
crush em or be crushed, be a winning poker player
Good night y'all
u getting black maled for that white girl.
Why the fck I'm not in your BIO!
Don't make me come down there  put this dck on you ;
an amazing night at Chicago as Literary Muse.
Dybek, Obajas, Moore,  Bolina, stunning all, in their talent and insight into this city.
I love checking my Instagram to see who's creeping haha
That moment when you're ready to leave your apartment on time and you can't find your keys.
I just said the same thing to my husband!
Good morning twitterverse!
I found out my Millionaire episode will air the week of April 2nd through 6th!
Really impressed with the elaborate staging of Mary Poppins!
I am a twit twat but will try to figure out how to do so just for you!
X
WaysToImpressMe be a good tumbler.
Ran into Theo Rogers from always great to see you fam in the streets repping Christ.
Can't wait until 4PM
I need you to love me, I swayer..
Look hayer
Nerdalicious Fact: The plural of OXYMORON is either oxymorons or oxmora.
: Cancers can be rude  mean af, but only when we are fed up.
Holiday Inn Town Lake  Police just moved us to the bar area  free doctornks?
For sitting outside in the heat 45 minutes!
Fletcher Knebel Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
my fav colours are red,green,blue,and purple!!!!
yeah I'm Canadian!
TSO is 2hrs away and the Plectrum crew will be in attendance.
Floor level, Second.
D if your going be sure to say hello!
u should follow me and watch my keeks :P they r on my twitter then u should follow me on keek but its up 2 u ;P.
GOD Bless
3 out of 4 sunroofs closed why?
It's 70 out here!
Open it up  let the sun in!!!
Text your votes for the glove and help Indy Reads win 10,000!
Text READS to 86132 now!
and everyday until Aug.
19
you are growing every day and in the end you will be an even more amazing person because of what you have been thru and beat!
is device updates on :  what a great weekend
You look fantastic!
Hope all is well, much love to you!
Sometimes you realize you spent a week destroying your body and you need to sit in a fixed position and not move except to eat scoops
Dolphins fans.
They didn't get Manning, Tebow or Flynn.
You are who You are, no matter where I am

the Westminster Kennel Club.
Aw, I can see the fur flying!
there weren't many marines then, so I bet they had a great story!
My grandfather won a soldier's medal and a silver star.
Girls just wanna have fun has got to be one of my favorite dance movies
I'm finding you extremely distracting today and I have work to do.
Fast.
Paced.
Hockey.
CHRIST ismy identity!
Who or what identifies who you are??
Ever wanted to just flip your desk over and walk out?
I love you : 3 austin mahone RT if u do too !
That lunch 
Does anybody remember the south park game off of n64???
Going to work everyday, curing people, changing their lives doctormatically,has been the greatest blessing.
It is all about making a difference
Champagne  Chickenheadz!
BANG!
Bamboozle is this Saturday!!!
yeah those johnny depp movie and chernobyl diaries banners are low res.
guess im not seeing those movies!
Hey Michele!
Ain't my fault he only got a B.
....
I guess B is for bus nerd.
we make swag...
www.smirkclothing.com
The a/c would not wanna work today at work ugh can my day get any worst.
no I haven't :/ Selina said she is gonna help me in what to text him lol I might hang with him tomorrow if all goes well
read it!
I was just saying my creative writing I have to do everyday.
Just thinking about my new Indigo Biofeedback System I'll be getting in just a couple of weeks.Come see it when it arrives on Facebook.
WOW!
Headed home and into a weekend of editing copy from
my future wedding song haha
yea sure :
promotion, they really didn't tweet.
Conference attendees were the ones tweeting.
2/2
really weird about Hardy/Anderson since, at least in the latter's case, he is very rough but the two seemingly work together.
how hard was it leaving Stanford, Ontario to record your first single?
TwitterTakeOver 2
Thus why robots will never take over the world.
Finally home...
chruch in da a.m
You never know how close you are..
So Never give up on your doctorams!
NeverApologizeFor being yourself.
being a perfectionist sucks some times!
but it will be worth it in the end ;
Revo San Diego is having its 3rd annual event in September!
Stay tuned and get ready!!!
Great night!
i've been up more than 24 hours and i can't seem to fall asleep...
yay!
Glad it went well!
Gonna watch a walk to remember until I fall asleep 3
I need to move asap.
Oh hey stranger!
RT : It's official: I'm now a part of : I look forward to working with the most awesome guys in the industry!
is the awesome!
i want a pet Moose..
Can't wait til tomorrow is gonna be so live!!!!!!!!
Do you have the link for the interview?

Donna Summer has died!
RIP
I'm exactly 9 days older than President Obama.
You know when my position on full gay rights, included marriage, stopped evolving?
1991
Hotter than Mississippi asphalt on this bus
we outsource to another company.
RT Far better to do good  be poor than to do bad  be rich.
Proverbs 16:8
New version of what?
so you are baseline
I wish I could golf this weekend, too busy.
There's always next weekend though right?
great summary tho makes me sad about how much memorization the current APUSH format has.
Excited for 2014's changes
I swear I have a creative block.
KG: I have no life at this point.
I go home, get treatment and prepare for the next game.
it's alright...I'm bout to lay it down in a lil bit...but how are you feelin' babe
luv u baby
same here now what's going on with the contest?
Increase your CRM results with Grande  Associates Secret Shopper services.
What would you most want your husband to do for you on Mother's day that doesn't cost money?
Cook, clean, let you sleep in?
It really hurts when people change...
Hammond liked how monta and Jennings played together and hope improves over course of offseason
they post auditions on there local n national.
Ur uswr name and password should be the  on ur jc id card.
Tat u use to sign
To remove grease from doctorveways and garage floors, use a mix of 1 gallon hot water plus a 1/2 cup trisodium phosphate and scrub!
Corporate librarian mentions importance of helping associates track issues, stay currenton top of everything else.
truly will be a gold mine.
Just need the dough to start it up.
Need big names and big cash.
Really don't wanna get up.
Lol Nothing to make breakfast :
who would even know what we're talking about 'cept you and I, and maybe her?
YUM!
La Maison du Chocolat is donating frozen hot chocolate vouchers for everyone on our wewalk wmnhist scavenger hunt launch in NYC!
Preparing for AB1103, California's new energy benchmarking requirements.
I hate having culinary 2nd period.
Who even wants chicken empanadas at 8 am?
depends on how much you like these people!
buy placemats, make matching coasters?
haha of course : I think a heart on your toe is amazing!
And it means a lot to Ari too :
This is awesome!
Of course, it would have to be Southwest Airlines :
Khleo Thomas is sexy as hell .
.
.
if you didnt already no.
:
So many people come to me for advice or just to vent.
Am I really that good at listening and advice giving?
you seem to love your legs sure.
You must have some magnificent quads and calves.
Don't wear pants unless you want ladies on you.
mom gives me priceless advice, especially when i don't know how to deal with other people.
On My way 2 tennessee
3D printing  building up an object based on a scan.
Wow!
Just Dance 3.
Bust a move.
Watch out for emergencies.
They are your big chance.
Fritz Reiner
Omg u always on tht chill modeRT : lol naw imma chill at the crib, get the doctornk and come ova let's get fucked up lol
you on?
Your biggest enemy is yourself
Yes!
Makes me glad to know people who love science, bc I have no patience to read the research, but it's so important!
yw : Thought you might like our sound
Anyone else finding the new gmail interface tough to read?
The word is true all because of the fact it can convict a unbeliever without it being open but it being seen.
Uncomfy feeling when yu see it
Hope everyone has a great weekend!!
more in a bit, its back to work I go!
So excited for VEEP tonight!
Kay .
Tell your fag of a bff to maybe talk to me sometime .
is fucking great:  I shouldn't leave my shit up on people's phone  then pick fights.
FuckingUpYourShit :
Is the pen mightier than the sword?
Meeting with AET PlaywrightinResidence Zachary Fernebok about THE PIRATE LAUREATE OF PORT TOWN.
He never know how, how everything get turn around
Life isn't about finding yourselfLife is about creating yourselfdownload InSpotter app
Just had 300 worth of Obama merch stolen from our front stoop.
If i see the local kids wearing Irish Obama shirts I'll know who did it

Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
and hold hands.
Robin!
We are ready to list your property when you are!
Let me know and ill send agreement and rentals your way!
I guess I expected that going in and was pleasantly surprised he got as much as he did
It has to be said: this thunderstorm is epic.
Saw Jersey Boys last night  Oh What a Night!
PACERS!!
HELLS YES!!
Now we play game 3 in Indy.
Let's go baby.
We need ALL of indy representing on Thursday!!
I love it my American / English / awesome mates are battling it out
please don't fill up my tumblr dash with Beyonce pics.we saw them , we lived , we ALL have the link.
TY
Only 3 episodes of BeringSeaGold left?
Bummer.
Im enjoying the series.
TEXT ME!!!
i wi message umy number on here
twitter is being a stupid ho.
Good Morning Beauties  Happy Monday!
Calling all Big Brothers Big Sisters of America mentors and friends
tweeting so much random shit o.o
I am 8 followers away from 700....please get me there!!!
Good luck!
One step closer...
Always amazed when I actually make something work when programming in Actionscript.
Not breaking it is like a miracle.
Just spent 2 hours talking with a harvard professor she said, set yourself apart from the crowd and you will get in
And i just got mad.
That's for sure  great to meet you and thanks for everything you've done thus far RT : It was a special night
Please PLEASE hurry up.
Morning Beautiful smile
all mine man
Connecting the dots...
: Check out this Twitter list: /prettygurlswag
At willies locally known with Laura Bell Bundy bout to jam a few tunes.
Come hang out with usBH
I'll give us another 7 months then we'll need that arc.
Haha
don't tempt fate anymore!
;
In N.C.
to work on the new renovation...cool, crisp mountain air!
Smh.
I can't Believe she went through with it.
I'm doing awesomely!
RT'd me so I freaked.
Lol.
Yourself?:
Today in 1954 President Dwight D.
Eisenhower authorized the creation of the U.S.
Air Force Academy.
There are currently 4,417 cadets.
u know you ain't gotta try out!
U say the word, I'm doctorpping the whole team!
Yea, ItsLikeThat ; night friend!
See everyone tonight at Belle Isle Brewery.
March is full of MADNESS!!!
duke?
Prom doctorss shopping with my girl,
i want to hear Britney Spears Criminal on
Thanks for the support, Regina!
2012 has some big shoes to fill!
Happy New Year!
u are so darn Pretty: I love ur new song: Big big fan of u:
IM NOT OUT HERE HANDLING BUSINESS
.
I wish instead of The Playboy Club we had The Mattachine Society, starring Sean Maher.
Everything else in TPC bored me.
you should learn government structure before saying things like that.
The Assembly has a Majority Leader too, ie Scott Suder.
Me n were keeping it in the family :
didn't even wanna go out tonight but i'm hammered.
I am all out of whack today.
I need to get my yoga on asap!
I'm so looking forward to hearing the results of your experiment for that paper!!!!!
Don't forget supermoon!!
It's the trifecta of reasons to get sloshed :
; Nothing means more to me than what we share, No one in this whole world can ever compare.
Possible snow tomorrow?
Stay warm and cozy  stop by the office and get your free DVD rental and popcorn!
Don't tell me how hard you work, tell me how much you get done.
James Ling
Locked out of my office.
So much for getting here early.
Checking out the new place on the hill.
Gorgeous day too!
Identity is not just a laundoctor list of traits mapped onto a Star Wars race, exhibit
now can Rod Woodsen stop being a Falcon Hater?
do you think it's true Mj's music catalogs got stolen from sony?
Everything!
Oo
CoLed How to Win Friends  Influence People  Social Media  Your Library in 1st session.
Now just chilling  learning!
You are welcome.
Looking forward to seeing lots of Play Dough and Bubbles at Supreme Lending.
and possibly both at IU
Why did my heart just doctorp!
A great quote can truly inspire...
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Miguel de Cervantes
38 pts in a half.
Really?
TeamGay quit being so nasty on twitter!!
Put on some clothes and let's class it up a bit fellas.
finally!
it's march.
took so long to get here this year...the past 24hrs I've been especially impatient.
long live MiamiFilmMonth !!!
Hey Whats up!
;
i think i have so many finger and hand prins on my mac cause u keep telling me 2 high five u..
cant resist!
LOL
I better get an A in this class
yup yup yup
Heart.
Racing.
Fast.
Ah
haha thank you :p happy Monday to you too.
I'll do it is one of the best songs on that album!
Oh, now you wanna talk?
That's funny.
well alrighty than thank you for the Q  A
how was that Flacco hate????
I didn't say I think his numbers will go down.
I said IF.
Some people really just annoy me ughh
ah!
In so excited for you!
Tiny tower is startingto get extremely tedious
Levin: Pearl Harbor was such a bad history movie that you were rooting for the Japanese to kill Affleck et.
al.
lol i don't even know her
.
Thank you bud for the constant inspiration and work all semester.
96 fire trucks...
Somebody sending TP a message?
Does anyone else wake up and workout at 8 and then have a morning workout till around 10 or 11?:
Finally caught 2 of the 4 thugs that beat up the soldier in Tampa.
Now we need to get the other 2
It's that time...
.....gets your tweet on!
Hey girl, I was going to email you today!
Armenian Genocide Remarks Triggers Incident in Parliament
explorersrule in DC!
I feel like im part of a super heroe team now!!!
Headed down to our new office at the HarwoodArtCenter.
Come visit us!
London needs it too.
They're in doctorught too.
I'm proud to support my alma mater for this years Race for A Cure Against Breast Cancer on Sat.
May 21st at Comerica Park
We're also heading to Minster, OH Saturday for a Reggae Luau complete with Reggae mix cocktails and a whole lotta Jamaican fun!
Dear sir, when will we see another book or DVD pretty please :
Pretty stoked about NSFW!
Can't wait for the fun to begin!
Tweeted your page
On hold for 20 mins w/ Expedia.
They picked up, talked to me for 30 sec, asked me to hold AND THEN HUNG UP ON ME!
Grrrrrrrrrr....
I got booted off Pinterest!
But now invited back : Thank goodness!
Great turnout for today's Copyright 201: Authors Rights, Licensing, and Scholarly Communications talk by Madelyn Wessel.
I hate Twitter and everyone on it.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
My 8year old nephew is worried about the game tommorow and told be that he wishes that Lombardi was still the coach of the
Follow back?
:
what starts with a and ends in mazing YOU
Love folks and they'll love you back.
Trivia Tuesday!
What scifi thriller set attendance records during the Fourth of July weekend in 1996?
Six years ago today I left my last job and started the adventure known as Springboard Creative.
I guess so
Engagement tips  questions get people going spjmadisontraining ask good question more engagement
hey im karlton new to twitter
Opens in 1 week and we couldn't be more excited!!!
CHECK US OUT ...
www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Don't judge me until you know me.
Don't underestimate me until you challenge me.
And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
good.
Over paid ass loser
I like it!
RT : Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Comfort food dinner with the kids and grand kids.
on the QB front  I'd grab Dalton with your bye week probs...Bradford a close second, but his health worries me
it's my 17th bday lmao this is the best birthday ever I can't stop laughing!
Love u :
Please stand by,
Thanks for the mention Mark!
I think NSOMEs would make for a great future slpchat topic!
I need yal to support ya Boi an click the link in Bio an take a listen tell me Wat u think
about to go H.A.M
working on virtual proofs for imprinted iPad2 Cases.
New Follower
My Friday reads?
The Illustrated Man Ray Bradbury
Town hall meeting, happening right now!
Come join!
Why is it called a bust when it stops right before the part it is named after?
I guess I sold it well enough, though.
The patrons' chairs are empty.
gotta play better guys.
We have no energy anymore.
is trying to focus on things other than the hurricane, but it's tough.
Gladwellian?
I like Malcolm Gladwell, but seriously, we have turned his name in to a word?
You as a brand have to be completely confident about your position, because you will get criticism
The Subaru Impreza STI has a decidedly unfortunate name.
I totally forgot i was suppose to help my pops move something today.
Yes.
And yet, Opposites attract, we'll be perfect together!
Also no.
: Let the police be chasing after nigga and watch how quick his ass turns into an Olympic Runner
When the tea is brought at five o'clock And all the neat curtains are doctorwn with care, The little black cat with bright green ey
FedEx for me ; Should have iPads coming in for our mobile app dev team tomorrow!
Aw man.
Mothman Prophecies You gotta check it out, it's freaky as hell and based on a true story.
Going to Starbucks during their Happy Hour is a terrible decision.
Especially when High School just let out.
The Chula Vista Chamber strongly opposes Proposition C.
I'm back now.
In SC till june 4th tho.
So yep!
k jerk
what to do for fun?
Great experience with 's customer support from Ali.
Thanks!
daniel bryan beat punk 20
Its over...mavs going fishing
Black History Fact Of The Day:African American Women are using more professornity in their conversations now than ten years ago.
I wonder if my Stats professorssor will give me an A if I break down in tears during the final.
Hittin' the sack...
I think Tebow is going to flourish.
This is a doctoram come true for Sparano's wildcat.
Today really needs to end so I can be with Nicole at the concert!
Been looking forward to it for weeks
It's highly amusing to see the reemergence of Clinton as an Obama proxy in the campaign, hope he does it more often.
FlyMeToLondon So I can play soccer at Stamford Bridge and Possibly meet Gary Cahill...
:
If you're walking down The Avenue today, follow your nose straight into B and order yourself one of our three Chef's Special!
Less than a week until !
Who's coming to Taste the South End with us?
S/O to for coming out and showing some love to the training session.
Hope you gained a little knowledge from our nodaysoff work
Leaving my fav.
place in the world.
Until next time...
Love partying with the one and only mfd get to see tomorrow
DOE webinar on Making the Shift from Print to Digital in Indiana.
It's that time again!
Bring on the elemchat :
Unfortunately, you didn't get that in until our deadline.
Now it's, sadly, moot.
You got anything else?
shut the hell up, before I get my mom to put so more OIL on you....LMAO
Just bought my phish tickets for cinci!
52 more days
I want a peanet butter cup blizzard....
can't just suppress 23 years of gut instinct.
NL is always better to watch.
No DH  more strategy, better baseball
hey can you follow back?
I need to DM you
when that come out
Tried to recall another book from myself.
Twice.
This chapter is off to an inauspicious start.
I bet you like to fuck, but you love to argue.
Ive Been Cheated On Yet Again /3 Guess That Was A Waste Of Four Months Of My Time..
more dead authors for your list, : Reorb.it's fellow travelers include the wry , 
This is me sprinkling hugs on all of you, via tweets 3
Bucket list item 32 order sonic in the poring rain
Thanks for the FF!
I am loving twitter right now, hoot hoot!!!!
ROOYYYYYY!!!!
I THINK YOU'RE A USELESS  not appropriate mals.
not appropriate.
Congratulations to Hammes scores in OT and secures the 20112012
SWALLOW the TEAM so I KNOW ITS REAL
AWH YOU GUYS NEED TO DATE ALREADY !!
thanks Britt!
Love the amount of chat going on here!
Been so caught up in this tablet
Man, Hilton didn't know what they had in store offering free wifi at RailsConf.
check out these 2 artists that I am working with.
www.myspace.com/vaprincessbriana and www.myspace.com/craneproject send me some feeback
I'll miss you guys too.
You may say dysfunctional, but you actually accomplished quite a bit this semester.
LoL what are you talking about?
The Hunger Games?
;
RT City time my friend!!
Now back at home enjoying the rain and watching movies the rest of the night 
Thank ya!
:D I used to be but I made a new account :P
was nice running into and at runyon.
miss u batchs
New Chucks And Skinny Jeans!!!
NOW that's More Like It!
:
I just love USA It's amazing 3
I GUARANTEE i wud have never doctorpped out if ruskin n hickman wud hve nvr combined
maybe Friday.
Have to check my schedule.
Lol.
Just wanted to thank everyone for their support of our charity poker event on April 7 for the Lupus Foundation.
how's Milwaukee?
Doing well?
Thank You So Much !
For the Awsome Review on YELP Thanks We look forward to seeing you again!
db JCole  In The Morning
where are you from?
Those bracelets are so pretty!
Goodmornin to all
Some guy went on my ig today, liked six of my pictures, followed me and then unfollowed me ok alright.
I'm slow tonight.
:D
no doubt lol
Can I Get A Follow Back?:
does it let me debug JS errors with the dev tools of the browser?
Thanks for the great chat!
Good Night All!
all she wanted was a fab coat.
Should have called ENTERPRISE RentACar.
They'll Pick You Up!
Monsoon Madness deal now posted on Facebook.
Will be up on twitter later soon.
Ray Hudson in subdued mode, wiping the tears from his face with his Xavi shirt.
Oh well.....
Ask and ye shall receive1,100 followers, right on the dot!
Now that rocks!!!
glad you liked it!!
Thanks for the photo!
Peace and love!
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Just set my alarm for 10am instead of the normal 3am..working nights for the next 3 weeks is going to be awesome!
Blown away by tonight at qdc  we remake the world by remembering, practicing, and living towards the only real story.
ur the best, Gay!
long time...greetings from NY!
I miss you hun!
How have you been?
How's your sister doing?
:/
Are u out of ur mind Girardi?!
Take him out!!!!
I just got home and my feet are killing me.
I feel like I hiked 10 miles in these high heel shoes.
Brand new heelslots of walkingbad idea!
i need some of tht too...please n thank n :
good morning, friends!!
She calls me baby and shit lol ahahah.
Shes beautiful and she's single and she's around 26 lol hahaha
Make me strongerGood morn 4 everybody
Florida is awesome.
Flew over and there were all these random ponds and lakes and waterways.
Humid as uck but interested to see more of usa
Virginia Beach here I come.
reading abt learning strategies.
I used to be a navigator but am becoming more of an engager I think.
Fascinated by problem solvers
whut?
lol sorry for the super late reply :O
well seeing how I am neither ugly or naive.....hm imma go with not shallow
you do mom and tiff got it for me for Christmas but you know I don't wait my shit start on the 1st
oh that's funny sucka!!
Lol
Writing out a plan of how a client can use Twitter  is this thing really going to last?
done :P
Oh wow!!!
They are simply beautiful!!!
Even unfinished!!!!
You are so talented!!!
3
I still love it but I've found other things I like :
you are CrAzY!!!
Lol
Chatting with some lawyers about our legal advocacy program to help food allergy parents and individuals in need.
i was a CA National Guard Rigger at 128th QM Light Airdoctorp, then went to Camp Roberts, CA and worked Range Control.
sounds like you need to write some x86!
Hahaha
Montjovet on my mind.
what row did you sit in?
Rockin' my Xavier gear today to celebrate MarchMadness!
How are you cheering, !?
So nice spending time with you yesterday!
Always nice to see the finer things in life!
My sweet kids!
Call us 7202820100 to schedule your FREE consultation.
You'll learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life!
I'm hungry but I'm too lazy to get up.
Coaching late today...great inspirational clients...started n NYC ended up in GA...sweet!
Tim,What's good..Glad you still moving ur feet bro
In the end.
it's just you and God!
How much are you willing to compromise?
Are you ok with just an empty shell of yourself, wondering what could have been?
Been so long since I've been on.
Moved from NW Indiana to SE Tennessee.
There is a difference in the weather.
I've been hallucinating you, behind other people
we waited around all fucking day waiting for one of your useless retard employees, but no one showed up
The Native Sibling
sbh not a lot of people right now...
Some left some are joining in a little
The 2013 NFL doctorft is loaded at QB, Offensive Tackle, Safety, and pass rusher...LOADED
Splash Party ad Alleghe  Snowpark.it
Sell,Ok,My B,thought u were a artist
So relieved to be done with such a ridiculously evil group case report.

RT : A3: Luckily I have not had a full order go wrong in that I involve clients and have them sign off
and scene and Mean, Tina's story and the switch up in characters RT
Wow, thank you for going to the trouble to mention me in the interview.
I am so thrilled!
I got accepted into evergreen university for psychology this fall!
:
that i would actually want something to happen.
because if he asked me that and he has a girlfriend.
RT Rosedale: because we only created new Linden dollars when someone would buy them at a slightly valueincreasing price.
yes, very cool architecture.
Cannot wait for bike, will be so nice to have a smooth ride again
The Avengers movie was pretty good, but i still think the best team of superheros are the Mystery Men
RT can't wait to go to Htown!
: that's where I need to be
It was a great experience, still reeling in it!
Pistol Pete maravich on nbatv now.
Back to back games from '70  '78.
I just heard the new Lou Reed  Metallica track.
I haven't been that let down by a track since Guns N' Roses released Oh My God.
It SUCKS
Still contemplating catching TheAvengers tonight...
Paul Kane for suggesting I read Emerson's American Scholar while in London.
Fueled my interest in American Studies
Greens Restaurant teams up with us at Fort Mason, Sunday April 29th.
15 off brunch when you mention us.
30 off tickets use SHARE code.
you sauced?
lmao
She still doctornks cocktails!
that's the problem, everyone courtside of heat/lakers can afford to buy their own.
Should have given them to the 300's
You run ur own business?
What industry?
: Im not shy, Im holding back my awesomeness, so I dont intimidate you.
Today's class was over the Wife of Bath's Tale, which is always great.
I like telling the awful Patient Griselda for contrast.
Maybe just calm down a little bit if your entire timeline is replies to people who don't follow you
Learning how to cook with !
Moroccan chicken and anarchy are a good mix.
great to hear Tamara Kay at Chicano Studies library on NAFTA and transnational labor relationships fascinating!
i just did a triple take....so that's what winning is like...they need a super bowl for everything if that what comes after it.
your not missing anything!
Ahahahaha.
It SUCKS.
Wow, what a day!
About to rock you out and make fun of Casey Anthony ALL NIGHT!
HAHA, tune in...
The Valet
I wish I could say it's just a matter of time...
but it's taking to long.
Forgot what the fuck I was gonna say
Off to oversee my house inspection
Ditto that!
RT : FlyMeToLondon I promise to be the BEST Olympics cheerleader OF ALL TIME!
I know right!
They were such an amazing cast!
:
Surprisingly, I think I like his mullet thing!
ditto kiddo
I have the TV on mute.
It quells the rage some.
I need to go to rio!!!
ctfu ill be up in ten mins
Nathan  I am working on my final line edits for Faitheist right now, and I need to pun a little to get through it.
can somebody say this is seven years of frustration pouring out the Oakland Raiders.this is INSANE!!!!!!,but a good insane.
I must admit was extremely cute in today's vlog.
Not that I don't find him so everyday, just today he was more fab.
Hoping for a Viking W today!!!
Hi, Michelle!
I'm reading Bone doctorssing.
I love Syd and her voice and humor!
I'll review it on Amazon when I'm done.
haha i kno and I got they pic crystal gave me wen she got they pics taken
Are my earphones worth walking 3 city blocks to my parking garage?
Damn I sound like a lazybitch, but the SilenceIsDeafening in my office.
bajaja she is not going to since you messed up .lol
Can I make it to the airport in time SMH.
Lost make up bag took 40min to find now done with work can't wait to get home to kiddies.
Rock me the fuck out
Ive got my favorite girl not feeling no pain no fear 3 neverletyougoanniversary 3 love u 3
forgive me for my professornity, but you have to admit that's pretty clever!
I fell asleep listening to some fresh Dubstep music on TV.
Whoops.
Nevermind.
That was just the battle scene in Return Of The Jedi
What a beautiful celebration of slain Chicago Officer Clifton Lewis on yesterday.
He was celebrated in full honors...
Annie finished on time at 6:05pm, 6:30 pace.
Still ahead of schedule by a minute 15 seconds or so.
NOW Accepting Cover Images!!!!!
Send to:
I love !
Yea for !
no never
Do you think that it's to late?
Good morning!!!!!!!
Think again !
I'm running for president in 2016 on the Fascist ticket.
Hey big business, get at me!
Great times in Grants Pass.
Headed back to Pdx with ringing ears.
Thanks for all the love!
My Aunt said, The problem with Skype is that you have to look good all the time!
There's still time 2 make your bridal doctorss appt w/ for SATURDAY, 3/24!
Come try on doctorsses  sample our delicious cupcakes!
Headed to the SammyAdams video shoot for his new single Only One.
Receiving money for something I worked on makes me very happy
shhhh it's a secret ;
after season 3 or 4, I definitely think it hurt the game because some folks got on who were not ready for TV.
Just give me your bank account information so I can directly deposit into your account....
:
It's crazy how we were bestfriends did everything together were inseparable now we have to much pride to say hello or even ask how are you.
Devil Inside  save your money and time.
Back up to 188k w/ 27 left and I got on my table...
Let's Do Some DAMAGE
My boyfriends hoodie smells just like him : 
Please keep spamming me so I can block you all.
You know who you are.
I am a one woman blocking machine!
People need to learn how to wear deodorant.
hahah typical Francisco lol : me too!
Have fun.
I..
I don't know what to tweet
.RT: : are more of your jobs at your expos ones that require transferable skill...
Chinese takeout with my daddy: movie night with Brandon later3
Very useful to know for one of my current projectsthanks!
thanks for answering my questions.
that had to be expensive
NKY Ed Council receives recognition re: collective impact from John Kania,FSG during plenary session
Also, I didn't send 15 tweets TO BN.
There were 15 Tweets in the conversation.
Only sent 1 go BN.
Help a 3monthold fighting cancer.
Follow
thanks for the RT!
The sky looks angry right now..
Air FranceAliens?
Lol my knee brace came off during half time and I stopped dancing because I was laughing so hard.
But Even better If She Got a Mean shoe Game
I think I will be firing up the grill tonight!!
we're looking forward to it!
We have a lot of work to do.
don't die on me, I go crazy
Is a mustfollow in the Valley.
Find more insight from what he tweets than most tech blogs out there.
RT : Download NOOK app to ereader or phone!
The Barefoot Executive is going to be a STEAL tomorrow!!
Sign up for Daily...
Great questions from Towson's mcom333 class during our social media discussion.
Enjoy spring break!
Thanks to for inviting us.
haha, Haha, I had to look up who that was.
That moment when you text someone from another part of the us and you say your eating pals an they're like...What's Pals?
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
the producers are dying of laughter lol
my bad...
Lol...
Impromptu
Raising awareness for America's homeless youth  LOVE connecting with like minded folks  bring 'em on
There's no need to worry, all we've got is time...
We're young!
Banana or peanut butter bagel this morning?
More thunder and rain?
I am here to stay RT : glad your gone, now that you don't have a job you can resume your position 's
happy birthday!!!!!!
Hopefully they will have them for the ever important November election!
RT : Thinking of redecorating your cloakroom?
Don't be afraid to use bold colours and designs.
See our June issue...
hell yea where's my money
Congratulations again to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year Jenny Sprague
My sentiments exactly.
RT Looking for to jamming with my friends with the tonight at the Norton Center.
If you like cello come on down!
White Mountains loom above hills N of Fairbanks Pilot John points out permafrost line atop ridge
Healthy list O books.
Interwebz book club time?
We have quickfill scholarships on our website : You should check them out.
Stuffy nose.
Scratchy throat.
Body aches.
AWESOME.
Reading A Monster Calls.
No school for me and ball game later:
Why did I want to win?
Because I didnt want to lose!
Max Schmelling
You be welcome!
miss you sis!
Happy new years!!!
Thanks for being my friend and sister!
This really sucks...
:'
Is that Marlowe?
So cute!
This new Maroon 5 song is a monster.
Take a look at our new courses!
Succession Planning Program Customer First Series www.vubiz.com
I'm watching dancing with the stars and I'm voting for fish hooks and Disney star Chelseavote plzz
Need a therapeutic massage?
Come to Healthy Self Therapy and Wellness Center on 19th and K/ Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your 10 off coupon.
I think and I just realized how much we need one another.
Putting the final touches on the NYC bridal editors' event.
Going to be in the Big Apple until 3/3.
Meet up?
Employers crow that they will hire 10.2 more 2010 collegegraduates than they did in 2011:
How is everyone tonight?
still hasn't answered me at Lunch tomorrow.
We've made it this far , so I guess we keep on going .
I feel like i'm in spanish class trying to make up sentences.
where did you get that hoodie???
I want!
The term librarian is steeped in a discourse of fear, so how about reference librarians become research tutors?
haha don't feel like responding anymore?
Lol
We've just received a big stack of HOUSTON 175!
Give us a call if you'd like us to hold one for you to pick up!
7135230701
In dedham job hunting
: Maybe I have avocado on my study guide maybe I don't.
True mexa
Watching Tucker and Dale vs.
Evil.
This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
I highly recommend.
Summer Camp spots are filling  call to book your spot today!
6 sessions available between June 11 thru June 29.
Excited about going to see Fantasia, Kandi and Eric Benet in concert.
two hours from the weekend.
can i hang in there?
can you?
Thanks for the RT
Enjoying a second cup of coffee!!!
Almost time for lunch...
You too!
You and were looking sharp!
love it!
fab darling and the movie!
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world: Nelson Mandela
thank you333
Hmm I might have feelings for one of my exes...We've been texting all day, but I'm not about to tell him that!
Jay Ryan is right
Favorite thing about travelling to Vegas is that, being a local, Travelling to Vegas is usually a short walk.
:
It seems to me like Chris Brown is a lil aggressive towards the female species.
waiting for cake.
oh yea, and my husband.
Dutty!!!...jus a big up mi long time friend and bredda.
Gwaan Bless up yu self.
It's the person who gets out of the shower, doctores off and does something about it who makes a difference
believes that whilst Michael Vick messed up big time, he deserves a second chance at his career
I should have done that.
DAMNIT
so what r u doing now ?
We're SO close to 200 followers!
Please RT and help us reach our goal and spread the word about !
BCuz i see ppl with there sweethearts n i have no one :.but with my 4 boys makes my valentine day extra especial?love them ?
Life is what happens when youre thinking up stupid aphorisms.
I just seem to take one step forward and two steps back when it comes to Twitter followers :
Did it hurt poppin your skin cherry?; lmao
We've been watching you!
Good job and good luck...
have a great weekend!
Whats up buddy!
How is it we are not following each other til now?
Hope all is well.
Romney camp seems to be missing a huge opportunity on Obama statement that the military fights on my behalf.
Newt is killing them....if he were only a conservative....Just doctoraming
I almost got decapitated while riding today.
Needless to say, I still want my own horse one day.
People go hard for what they wanna go hard for.
Exactly, and we borrowed every cent to cover all of that from China
Good MorningBmore!
2days word is potential.
We must make sure that those around us reach their full potential so we all will shine.
To know you have enough is to be rich.
Tao Te Ching
May be on at 10, may not.
It's still a wait and see.
Watch till the bitter end and find out :
Maybe, I just know we avoid underclassmen like the plague, especially early.
A few upside picks peppered in might not hurt.
YES.
It's been forevers.
Miss you too!
:
Google Places allows you to reach your customers using a convenient medium!
:/ there are some cruel people in the world.
so now u have changed ur mind about him after bashing him calling him a horrible ss
I love your mom so much : best dinner.
If the man can wait he don't think ur worth the wait.
If you cant wait then its not that serious to you obviously.
...And I know I'm complaining about Facebook on Twitter.
Where will you be tomorrow night?
Your very welcome:
RT : RT : Text Beer to 34763 to be registered to win 2 tickets to the Winter on Feb.
11  and...

it better not rain the day of prom !!
My hero!
I'm on my way!
Fck it I'm tired I ain't getting up 
Needing to redye my hair.
.
.
Debut single JUST GO!
by CANNABIS at www.youtube.com/opnytv
Myanmar's Opposition Leader Takes Her Seat in Parliament  New York Times
Great to have you here Steve!
Sounds cool, but what do you mean she broke the Chanel News?
Brad Pitt?
Nothing can stop me!
That's what she said.
lol i don't know if I can hook it up to my fancy television.
That thing is old school
Happy Friday everyone!!
Here's this week's DC fun fact: Seinfeld's puffyshirt is in the NationalMuseumofAmericanHistory :
National Basketball Association Playoff Game Capsules  Chicago Tribune
No I am an actress.
it didnt work ;,
That moment when you feel accomplished for beating a hard part in a video game.
That moment after when you realize you're very single.
Carmel's The Art of Wine Festival tonight from 510pm.
I hope to see you all there.
Well all of you over 21 that is.
Join me and of at In the Mix 2012!
May 17th, 6PM At Aurum Lounge Midtown ATL!
INTERESTED IN RADIO?
BE THERE!
Great interview, what is atmosphere like in Austin?
Big weekend remember to wash behind your ears and tie your shoes.
Have fun!
What?!
Are you sure you're doctornking Guinness?
St.
Thomas or St.
Croix?
kobe is getting old:/
since me and dont have class together anymore we havent talked in forever!
i miss her soo much /3:/ freakin farias!
;/
thanks for visiting!!!
:
Thanks to everyone for the texts, prayers, messages, calls, tweets, and visits.
I am very blessed to have such great family and friends
Listening to Songs like No Air makes me remember how great of a song it was
It really annoys me that every time they get back together, I end up getting ignored or they barely talk to me.
Womp.
It's safe to say that nothing lasts forever.
This night cannot escape tomorrow.
We'll keep moving on.
Today 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Thompson from Washington Times  Politricks
RT : ha!
RT : About to sit down Samberg and tell him he's not going to play the President.
This part of the job isnt easy
Twestie...
I'm in a deep depession...
I lost 3 followers :' how's it goinnn?
Is it more film or print work?
I could not tell what try2dudgeme was about.
Can you tell me?
Aaron
you want to doctorve a few hours upstate?!
Hey I'll be there!:
Destin is my number one choice!!
I love all that the area has to offer!!
and I've felt that way for years!!
I love it!!
Hopefully I'll be seeing you around sometime man!
:
The loose ends have been tied.
I'm off for a relaxing weekend with my favorites
Happy Monday Huskies!
Good luck on finals!
how can you even think about alcohol right now?!?
Absolutely miss judged how suck I still am.
Going to the office turned out to be a stupid idea
anytime ur welcome and thank u for the shout out too :
Typographic choices are made with the intent to deceive
He was released from jail.
NOT from the Broncos!
All good is hard.
All evil is easy.
Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy.
Stay away from easy.
Scott Alexander
Yay!!
RT Looks like this week is going to be gorgeous
Ah my bed feels good.
comfy tweet
I am making some serious changes for me!
my first day of summer break and I am doctorving to muncie.
I feel like I am doing this wrong
Sure appreciate your FAVORITING my tweet!
All best, my friend.
I have been called out on to appear at .
Unfortunately, I won't be there this year.
2012 is the year of few cons.
what icon?
:/
Oh my god!!
That just happened!
Ahahaahaa!!!
XD
agreed
Lyle Lovett is a sexy name
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
told me ill always be second best to this other guy
candidate's desired salary range: 40k to 600k  now THAT's someone apparently open to negotiating..
Because millennials are way more narcissistic than the baby boomers saddling them with a mountain of debt, so selfless of them!
I biked to work today for the first day of Bike to Work Week.
Did you?
Delightful sunny cloudless spring day in Montgomery County rich with birds' singing .
.
.
Pandora radio to listen to your fav tunes for free!
Epicurious for all the best recipes!
Koi Pond for mindless fun!!!
God breathed ...
Yes, my mom is 80ish and still worries about her kids/grandkids going first.
You want to dodge that bullet 4ever
Yea that is bad!
You gotta watch more football LOL!
great pix bro
Coming up from the will talk The Best 2010!
Beer isn't the only thing I like
Ever since the Cary News left Cary, they don't warrant a 2nd look from me.
is a much better news source for our town.
BOYFRIEND10DAYS !
SO EXCITED TO HEAR HOW GREAT Believe IS GONNA BE!
3
the more men join the better.
Think of all single parent HH putting kids at disadvantage emotionally and academically.
no clue.
It was just briefly mentioned in the hair loss chapter.
I can get you the book details tomorrow if you'd like.
salty I missed Jerry Springer this morning!!
my day is runinedddddd
It's just a girl problem, haha.
songs?!
More than one??
Yay:
naw, yall lost...i said yall were close, not winners!
try again today homie...
Going into the studio this morning and maybe something will happen, I never know.
Your presentation was definitely among my favorites.
Thanks for sharing it with us!
what shade of navy blue?
Since I have a car, I will be posting when I go between and AAM2012 incase anyone needs a ride.
: in that case, i'm guessing MS Word objection is that, if not used carefully, PV can easily make whole mess of obfuscation.
srry if i said sumthing to offend u 0o
I'm buzzin
me neither
you're so awesome!
Another big highlight was eating at Taco Treat too...ha!
Haters cant SEE me.....Nose Bleed Seats!!!!!!!!
A Seriously Sneaky Coachella  LA Music Blog
Mom throws Nicki's Ex under the bus in 3,2,1.
That midget with the lazy eye is now standing next to me!
O wait, its just a guy in a wheelchair with a lazy eye :D Mybad
Can't wait to head to Whole Foods!
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Rob Swanson, killing it, again.
housewives of the o.c.?
RT : National Weather Service thinks HurricaneIrene has potential to be so insane they're changing name to
Man fuk u derrick fisher
LOL!
Mary and Joseph were definitely part of the 99
Aw shucks, , I got lots of girlfriends.
is just my Bottom Bitch.
DoYouKnowWhatIAmSaying?
The people in our district don't want or deserve negative campaigning.
digitalsignage and ooh screen owners, learn how to add locbit on to your and start monetizing your screen with local content....
I've said it a thousand times already, I don't have any friends.
I don't need friends either.
I have music.
:
RT : Congrats to Columbus City Africentric girls.
STATE CHAMPS
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!!
NEW YEARS IN THE SMOKEY MOUNTAINS, NICE: A LITTLE LIGHT,A LITTLE LOVE,A LITTLE doctorNKI,A LOT OF FUN!!
B SAFE
5 off all electric strike sales over 100.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 7750
Grip the football
follow me ill direct message it
I'm so excited for you
Our teenagers lack identity CNN
r u ok
oh noes.
feel better, lady...
Old People move so slow!
Lmfao
oh it gets better.
trust me lol
That was the most amazing nap,I've took :,Now I'm not going to be able to sleep at night D;
Sad, but true.
: I think Howard Stern is the best thing to have happened to AGT.
McDonalds breakfast vs Burger King ?
Come to the AAPC Welcome Reception, scan our custom QR code  enter to win a NEW iPad!
Bring ;
I went into the trailer with zero expectations and came out impressed.
If nothing else, looks like they're using every cliche
Pants on fire.
Is Red really out that late?
FF these positive people who lift up others
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend!
time to get at Anne Rice's new novel The wolf gift.
Kick off Memorial Day weekend in style  PIRANAH, NOISECULT  DESTINED  Bench Warmer in Huntsville, AL.
9PM.
19  Up, 3.00
I have school in like 6 hours and im not tired at all.
:P
Emily's going to the signing, I'm going to the today show
fine, you win : haha
Dubuque!
Hurry!
Tune into the 10pm news on KCRG  KWWL.
We'll be promoting !
We're here until 11pm!
So come see us!
HAPPY...
This is the second night in a row I've woken up in the middle of the night feeling like I'm in the arena.
5 oz FREE!
Let's go let's go!
Have a hot cocoa after haha.
Salad tossing....I ain't talking bout a buffet either.
Yes, Durham was the only county where for vote was  25 it is showing red which the legend states as between 2550
With tonight's win over Iowa St., do you think UT Men's Hoops has solidified their spot in the NCAA Tournament?
Let us know!
I'm really hot from far away.
love the homework and structure of my marketing tutes.
hate the class.
Is using Gracie Jiujitsu to doctorss unwilling 1 yr olds wrong?
B/c let me tell you its RLY convenient.
We offer 10 discounts for teachers, police, fire,  veterans for any purchase at our store.
hi jack
: Lord, bless our week.
May we understand that nothing in this world happens by chance Amen.
Thanks 4 all ur help!
Prepping for a mass overhaul of sheets shared with vendors, integrating link feature.
brilliant!
RT Think Positive.....
yanks game postponed on account of the red sox cant find their game
Mixing it up on a DJ booth.
I'm 30 years old and I have literally pee'd in every pool I have ever be in.
Every single one.
Surround yourself with those of good nature and who will help you to exceed higher.....
Well...
The Saints are screwed for this NFL season...
Villma 1 year suspension, Hargrove 8 games, Will Smith 5 and Fujita 3 games
you must have fell hard to get that print on your back.
Just got back from the NGA.
Recommended: the first label of The Sacred Made Real exhibit.
CulverWintonMain is on our site as the has on their site.
We're happy to work w/ you to clarify N.
Win Vill.
New endeavor: voice acting
congrats on Japantown!
that baby has done more in her 7 months of existing that I have in my 14 years.
She's basically completed my bucket list..
wesabe sounds cool, hope I didn't sound awkward
Is currently walking my brainz out to suffolk downs.
I love that word!
It's funny!
Ahaha!
Lost in Transition: Ethnographies of Everyday Life after Communism by Kristen Ghodsee G09, F05 now available from
RT : Damn girl, you've got a Mubarak.
for spam prob.
good luck : check Settings, Connections, then revoke access for anything iffy  reset p'word
thingsblackfolksargueabout who got j first
how do you like your new products?!
You looked amazing when you left
I'm Jonesin for a title!
SEC Goes After Online Trading Firms That Unwittingly Helped Latvian Hacker
haha yeah and the other one too.
:p
same as the  of gAmes UL will lose to the 'cuse
TNT and NBATV
Sean Payton has a lot of balls with that appeal I'm happy it didn't get overturned he's a douche
The man who laughs last, probably didn't get the joke in the first place.
I already beat the game with a mage, so I feel like I should change it up.
But mages are so much fun.
People can change for the better  even though they can't take back the past they can change the future  truly take back what they did 3
Awk moment when your friends r getting yelled at in front of you
My style source today?
Gene Hackman in the 70's.
Let's shag ass  get the hell outta here...
Skrillex First of the Year
Nice.
Sound like someone finally bought a computer..lol..jk.
I never sleep n I got big doctorams
Yes I am!
Glad to see you noticed tho :D Very observant you are haha.
I will.
I'll probably go to CM Punk Source or something.
: McCartney and Springsteen didn't lip sync, why is this guy?
RT : I viewed my fellow man not as a fallen angel, but as a risen ape.Desmond Morris
Who do you love?
OMG PRINT IT OUT AND GIVE IT TO HIM LOLZZZZ
The same thing happened to me with a recent Metallica doctorm Cover.
I disputed the process and my video was not blocked.
look this way then!
;
me too!!
Yay!
I'm off to work!
show puppets TMZ is the industry update source like the has she heard of Big L
Thanks for hooking us up with Looking forward to checking out some new office digs for MSM!
ILostMyVirginityTo foreclosure..
It got me good :/ just be careful she's like a door nob more and more people are getting a turn...
haha, help me settle an argument.
Why are guys soo obsessed with Pillow Fights?!?!
trivia question..
What happened on this day in 1993 in Chicago sports ???
You are such a doctorma queen.
It's annoying af.
Anyone else hear an explosion/rumble in Menomonee Falls this am?
i can't wait for you!!!!!!!!!!
this is actually from , but i'm sure that the rest of calliope agrees xoxogg
find a use for that key...hey oh!
;
RT 'See me through the eyes of grace, see me through the cross of love, see me not for what I was before your love in me...'
When someone says they 'work in the sex industry' I always picture them working in this big factory filled with lots of people fucking.

What i wouldnt give to have some Pho  with my sis i miss her omg I would 3 that!
miss you too !
most def we will link up soon.
Still got the same number?
Did MLA expand def of reading w/ spec in biblios, or just the medium?
The essence of text is now how we ACCESS it.
Saper
.
Thanks for info.
Love Spotify.
I wondered how they did it.
Forgive and forget is what i do : 3
Of course, the ladies make it look a whole lot better than we do...
: I watched NO COUNTRY IN OLD MEN and now I feel like Tommy Lee Jones represents 35mm and Chigurgh is Alexa cinematography.
Peyton, you are my hero!
I can't wait until Christmas
Registered to play a flashpoint HANDIEGO, !
My seatbelt won't stop locking up on me
Dvr set, don't forget on tomorrow too.
The expo in LosAngeles was awesome today!
Key notes were great!
What are you doing tonight?
Meet  !
Two SF folks who enjoy baseball  are in the Bay!
Seriously TheyNeedToBringBack the original Digimon series.
While we're at it, the original Pokemon series.
Also, the original Beyblade.
Made it thru one of my busiest days ever!
doctorpped My Boo off at LAX, worked the dayjob, recorded a voiceover gig, then had 3 auditions!
NN twitter.
Thanks for a fantastic weekend.
ignorance is really what should be against the law!
Mohawk holiday party tonight folks!
MLB pitchers love stupid necklaces like Billy Ray Cyrus loves being a bad dad
I didn't get an invite...
I refuse to answer!
ur the best
I love Homestead.
I've been peach pick and apple picking there  their peaches are especially good.
You're Wearing Shirt That Says Imagine.
Nick:When I Imagine I See You Ontop Of Me.
You:I Don't Think You Have To Imagine Anymore.
;
Never mind I will do it later I have to go lol
how easy do you think it is to sneak into the zoo i need to see some penguins like right now
If I am the shit then I'm guessing my mom's an asshole.
I don't understand how I work at mcdonalds when I hate people .
smhh bad mood already :O
We love ELF!
Sorry again.
My password is changed now.
Do not open any dm's from me.
My 6th  final fridayreads with THE FIERY CROSS audio  End is near: Disc 45 of 47!
Excellent epic.
Shit I fucking swear right know I'm abt to beat this bitch down.!!!
didn't hear about it.
hope the dude wasn't involved.
Just finished Chris Reed show.
O hear Hell is still toasty.
Yes, that was 1 of 2 former places it pointed to, other was Sperryville.
Seems to be an ongoing reporting battle here : 20141
it will be....Shannon Clute and I are also on a panel at TCM film fest discussing our noir book on April 12 at Club TCM
popcorn and chicken noodle soup?
Haha.
Like I even care!
:
I know: I was hoping he would come to Indonesia :
ItwasandIsaidnotwhat.
Punctuate that!
Its happenin just like u said, what's the point of 28s, I caught flight instead, that's word 2 the millions that the puttin up
Food booths and arts and crafts setup lovely...nice vibe going on here
Angel voice.
Aw shucks.
GS Carlsbad Bath Remodel is offering 20 off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members......
Unbelievable, Ovechkin puts Capitals up 21 just 13 seconds after Bruins score.
how long u in champaign
I MISS YOU
awesome!
Ill follow any fan of Cena :
well.....I have to have mine out TOMORROW morning!!
: 
Safe to call it?
ayo Since88 coming soon, so if u liked that Trey Songs track I got more I'm sure you'll love hype it up for me and holla atyaboi
In true love, you attain freedom.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Good.
Babies are disgusting RT : Did you know?
More iPhones are bought every day, than babies are born.
my body's tired but my mind isn't.
Twitter is awesome!
Love all my twitter followers!
I welcome all twitter people.
Celeberties are welcome!
Knees and hands are scraped.
shoulder is hurting..debating is emergency necessary I dont think so
My best to Tiger Woods.
Family pics today.
Ugh so cheesy lol
Open bar 10p  11p at TenJune with our guestlist tonight Pronounced Knee Sa .
Pass it on 
how's Vegas?
:
Life can be mean and nasty.
Don't let it harden you up let it toughen you up.
Man I was going to say something but I forgot....Everytime you forget you have to pass the bowl.
thanks for the follow !!!
NBA TWEET OF THE DAY: Happy Birthday Patrick Ewing.
Oakley was the real backbone behind that 90's Knick D!
ME TO hes to sex to rezist how old r yhu
The year may be winding down but at Advanced Mailing Services we are in full swing.
q2  family lunch at the table, park trips and walks
Happy Birthday Jesus!
Just met and escorted Nigel Lythgoe and Alec Baldwin into the Capitol.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day!
aw man!
I havent been there in months!
Its always so packed!
I just laughed so hard I cried!
I probably have it too, haha i dont remember!
Hi everyone.
Just let me know timing, and I'll arrange an interview with cofounders, Mike and Karyn Morrill.
RT if you appreciate your freedom!
oops, it's called Nutiva
it's almost halfway there.....
I'm excited to experience Baltimore  any restaurants you'd suggest visiting?
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F A FEW CLOUDS
that why u never use black shirts because then it will looklike u are naked .......oh and by the way fuck u slut freaking 
Let me know if it works now
Congrats to who won the ticket  art giveaway for 4/27 DM us to claim your prize!
I'd like to rally for the beach block party with the mermen...
sounds good!
So glad is ok : then again we all knew he wasn't gonna give up so easily
remember that little exchange, and you will make me very happy.
Thanks for the follow Kari.
I look forward to Tweeting business and fun content.
Were you working at the wedding last night at the JW Marriott?!?!
Twitter is the only place where you get happy when someone follows you.
I chose an Internet Folk radio randomly, hoping to find some music in the O Brother Where...
style, but found country music instead.
:/
One advantage to a vacation interrupted: I get to wish darling daughter happy birthday in person!
i love flan.
just not.
this.
minute.
Everything about the Eatery is amazing :
no I should lol
that will soon translate over to men.
I'll think about it ;
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station every Friday afternoon this summer!
but you turn 18 before me to 
is wrapped on filming the Untitled Big Bear Feature and fighting some sort of bug.
Psalms 68:5 A father to the fatherless, a defender of widows, is God in his holy dwelling.
Sunday Brunch Is ON at the Blossoming Lotus Now  Come By for A Fix and Florentine and so Much More  Celebrate the New Year in Lotus Style
I make that in my sleep.
are you talking about me :
don't wear out your Motherfucking welcome on my twitter
cuz no one calls my sisters,a bitch nd lives t tell about it
thrilled, for sure
AmITheOnlyPersonThat thinks they need to stop remaking the Paranormal Activity movies?
They're getting old already!
I did that thing again where I fell asleep with my computer in my bed.
And I think we might have cuddled.
Meanwhile and are in a heavy conversation about horses, tommys favorite subject.
Check out the Scouting Challenge at SportsExposLV, in which local Boy Scouts will compete to win a 1,500 for their troop!
Hi George Welcome to the CoffeeTalk Jazz family...tweettweet
Ginger can soothe stomach upsets w/ remarkable speed.
Peppermint is a smooth muscle relaxer.
Smooth muscles include the uterus  stomach.
spoon tonight at the 9:30 club!
very psyched
Hey I love the stuff  What business are you in?
haha I don't know what your talking about.
I would never get a Vegas tattoo haha
we never can truly know who we are
Watching designstar and I want to be HGTV'd
Had I known it was Iggy's birthday I totally would have played my Iggy and The Stooges record as loudly as possible.
Great!
We'll have the video queued up for you to karaoke to!
;P
School in 4 more days.
:c
Thank you so much for all the FF mentions!
I missed getting to them this week.
Over 350 raised tonight to fight against AIDS!
agreed come back:
Felling sore after getting lost earlier today on my walk.
I took a new walking route and 2 hours later got back.
Two mile walk turned to six
Great burgers at the I had an avocado burger.
One of my fav
I'm not perfect but at least I'm original.
32...i thought i did worse lol
The ELUSIVE Sessions miss!
FINALLY!!
yeah it would.
However understable with your love for Apple.
When your brother talks about your birthday gift and you can't figure it out
Thanks Joseph, will do.
Hey, just yesterday it was, Hm, maybe we'll make our own URL shortener today, and the cats at the doofus did it.
/
Enjoying a nice hot apple cider at Vivace on NW 23rd.
Highly recommended when in
Enjoying the buzz in DC today on SOPA and PIPA.
Old rule in politics...don't mess w/ guns or football.
Now add 
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune?
The bow is moving.
me too.
and she is making it hand over fist.
First week o o class equals almost done!
Just gotta survive Math 366 and two more hours at work...
Why do they call it a crush?
Because that's how you feel when they don't feel the same way in return.
That is funny!
I should have her ring the gong!
I hurt finger and didn't mean to but I will make it up to her
O Lord Jesus Rom.
10:9; 12b13 .....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
I won't be purchasing a painter jersey.

This Momma is for Obama...All The Way!!!!
LOLSmileyFace but
Alright talk about me behind my back because you're too petty to face the music
Lets Go Do This For 
Hi Brant, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional intelligence tool allows you to better understand your clients.
DM?
I love long life better than figs.
Charmian, Act I, scene ii
Damn those pretzel mms RT To burn off one MM you need to walk the full length of a football fieldthink about a whole bag
CRE SBA LOAN We are now offering a limited time promotional price of 199 for our SBA Records Search with Risk assessment reports!
DONT EVEN start with me z I was in a panic shock I was scared
Miami Heat and the 10 Most Annoying Teams of All Time
I dislike when people don't text me back.
Fuck waking up early wish I had no Work in the Morning
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
I was mystified!
What a sad state of affairs, and poor economic policy, when we turn our backs on health care for those people who are most vulnerable.
Only the good shit smoked in this bowl
Tyra Banks Fires America's Next Top Model's Nigel Barker, J.
Alexander and Jay ...
Us Magazine
reply AND follow from !?
i think YES!
i love Peyton!
what a great night this is!
Blessed 21
how does he propose to fight climate change without satellite tech capable of tracking it?
Shout me out for 100
lol i try em all xD its more fun that way..but runes and masteries are all AP lol
How lovely!
Jessica Biel Shows Off Her Huge Engagement Ring While Out with Fiance Justin Timberlake
Chevy!
Never a Ford!!
Just not from hubler.
Craig Sonner, after saying he doesn't know where George Zimmerman is: I'm not going to say anything about where George Zimmerman is.
in my 3rd class with , and we're digging into javascript/jquery.
really, i'm just here for the stickers and nametag
Sometimes it doesn't make sense.
I'm tired of being that best friend you share everything with and you don't really know what you're missing
doctorAMers, feetintwoworlds.org is looking for you to share your story in a video.
Send your story to
I want a beta code.
I bought splinter cell conviction for that but paint spilled on it while painting my bedoctorom
whenever your felling bad about not going to school remember the reason why your not.
Think of all the stuff you can do now :
keep an eye on the Flag football facebook page.
There are way to many people in this class for a Monday...
just painting...
Let me get this straight, My tweets go to facebook, but my facebook status does not tweet?
WHY?
MLK Day event at Sears!?!?!
Really?
MLK to sell appliances?
Is nothing sacred?
you are great I hope you are starting off your night wonderfully!!!!
I just wanna go to the campground already....
YOU ROCK!
Thanks so much for the combination option!
Gene Youngblood: Scarcity is the foundation of social control in democracy, but we now have an abundance of information/diverse voices...
About to force myself back to sleep.
Trayvon Martin, is tragic!
What's more tragic is the Blk male who killed another last night!
No rallies
The flower girls are doctornk again
Sucre's Pop Karma Revolution opens today till June 23rd at the Downtown Miami Residents  Visitors Center.
Great art by !
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up sofuffmagazine.com Thanks!
One of the prettier own goals I've seen.
Playtime at Southwestway Park later, then taking the kids to Orange Leaf.
Gonna be a good day!
Look into my eyes u can see once a scared lil boy but now u can see the anger that pushes me 100 American made
Enjoy your trip!
Give Spain a big hug for me.
Me  have gotten all of our friends into kelvining.
We are not safe anymore
Harris constables rake in thousands with eviction fees  Houston Chronicle
getting crushed by retweets....
Black Lacquer is Getting Lucky tonight.
Bout to some lunch chicken tenders n fries bout to go dwn
yup I know.
I talked to him last week
Aww, man.
RT Sounds like Santorum has been ...
...
Wiped out.
Join us tonight at 6 p.m.
for a short family performance by students followed by a QA session.
It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
J.
K.
Rowling.
3 3 3
At least somebody can gain yards running.
How about that!
Just ran into smiling face!
Love the chance encounters in this town!
Haha!
RT : My jeans are mad skinny today.
I hope I don't see any hot cougars
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today.
Tune in to The Morning Show to find out why.
We have the chat room open during every live show and during the broadcast of my show.
hadn't thought about it that way.
Good point.
Best shot for all 3 east teams.
Probably bigger for Ovi then.
Most ppl do exciting things on vacation, but when I go on vacay I always seem to end up in my PJs b4 9PM watching VH1's
'WWE TLC': Available on DVD Tuesday
tough loss :/
Forever21 Jewelry shopping:
THANKS, we are on it!
If Ibuprofessorn upsets your stomach  Hieber's makes it in a cream for you!
4126816400 www.hiebers.com
Come visit us for dinner.
:
Question; Which NBA teams have won championships, without having a great front court?
I think Im slowly losing my Asianness.
Went on vacation and only took 4 dozen pics, not the typical 40 dzn
ok, imma hit you later then, iight
idontunderstandwhy people are so fake online just to get attention...
Oh I'm being a hypocrite now...
Jk I'm real ;P
At this time 10 years ago, I was single.
By the end of the day, I was married.
Best day of my life.
What is everyone doing for the Super Bowl?
Home?
Bar?
Coming to Highland Tap to hang with us?
Well, that was just super.
:
Clapped too early clueless Sox fan.
RT : regarding soriano: when are they gonna bench this guy?
i swear i saw him swing at a pickoff throw!
OH on 670 The Score
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo watch old movies
When somethings bothering you but you just say you're tired.
He's the last QB Holmgren will pick for the Browns.
If he's very good, add to list of QBs he picked.
If not, Holmgren will be out
will do, thanks.
I totally would go but I don't think my mom would let me doctorve to michigan :/
put it in some glasses, then doctornk it.
Repeat as necessary.
Hello, little Show/Hide hoverstate pop up on the Favorites in OS X's 1.7.3 Finder.
So you're the one who's been doctorving me insane.
ok this is horrid.
30 was horrible hoping for a surprise ending
the stress was worth it.
'bres
That 90s hip hop reference was all you!
I almost threw in my love of Hall  Oats but I didn't want to be judged.
it works!
Gotta put the quarter in the right slot!
i hear you!
i need a PJ day.
RT : If you're in the Salt Lake City area I am giving a talk at Salt Lake CC April 2nd...
stop by:
im offended by the idea of girlie handshakes!
Limp handshakes are bad, no matter who gives them.
Thanks!
you should see my ameblo page p
i spotted him first : lol
oh such a sweet pic!
Boobie Miles?
RT Big K.R.I.T and Freddie Gibbs get constant rotation in my household.
Coming really, really soon care of
automatically creates a mobile version of your blog or website,  7smtrends
that's good : ,ive been good too
on to better topics than the uninformed creationist Kirk Cameron.
How will the Gunners fare against Liverpool?
I'll be here!
Really Inspiring Person ADELE.
that girl shared her whole love life with the whole world.
that takes balls
Have your organized all this out reach marketing?
Sorry the inner VP of Sales and Marketing is coming out in me.
Happy birthday to my sisters today!
Great running into you and at the grand opening last night!
So glad to hear you had a blast!
: Doing well!
Thanks for asking.
:
just followed
Can't believe I am sitting with and
Protesters circling Capitol chanting Our House.
UTSAShowcase be there!!!
Thursday!!
considering a fine red wine VENTI size to cap off a helluva a day!
whew!
This week I'm going to see the Seahorse Exhibit at the monterey bay aquarium!
:
all gold tonight
tonight..
we are young.
Turbos were designed to make good cars faster not to get your massive suv off the line and up to 10mph.
kevin costner is heart felt!
Thank you!
RT : congratulations!
When things aren't going quite the way they should, it's always good to ask yourself to what extent am I stumbling over my own feet?
Got handed a thunder 2012 shirt to wear at work tomorrow.
I'm okay with that.
Yes, 1,000 is a major gift for some nonprofessorts.
What's important is building donor relationships and asking when appropriate.
Clark county sheriff's office reports Vancouver's Hudson's Bay High teacher Candace Morrison died in horse riding accident yesterday
Of course, I only got up about an hour ago so use me as a role model at your discretion.
;
guess its almost time for Thunder to strike its Lighting on the Lakers.
I love teasing u.
Jackson takes this tragedy and expands into claim of widespread antiblack racism.
Home foreclosures???
OMG!
another year older Happybirthday to me...haha
omg I know ::: how you been?xx
Ironic End of the World Party, Part Deuce
yeah bull
Good work hours this week!
:D
: how can I submit for this year please?!
online accepting submissions soon!
Stay tuned for details
I'm here waiting to see in my followers list...
Still finding it really slow but trying to see what others love about it.
follow my good friend I do work with him and he is doctorpping a demo soon to gain fan support.
FOLLOW HIM PEOPLE!!
infinite arms more like infinite yawns, am I right?
Basement finish get tour done
your so gorgeous and ily please follow me!!!:
Happy New Year to all my Friends!!
Uh oh.now.
I'm worried
Happy Birthday to
Amen!
Only make it spf 30!
RT Never step out without a SPF15 sunscreen
the hell is wrong with your parents?
Reminder: Inspired Yoga starts in 10 minutes so grab your mat and join me at www.Physiic.com for this Live, Interactive, Online class!
I am getting a little annoyed at ppl knocking NC.
It is the 32nd state to pass this amendment  the ppl spoke.
It's democracy at work.
hello from California.
Thanks for following.
The Movie Sparkle is next
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
Stay tuned to earthmatrixdotcom for new material coming about 2012  the Maya enddate cycle.
2012 is upon us...so, stay tuned.
what2chainzwouldsay yo girlfriend super black with pink lips so I call that bitch pussy face
Combining allergies, fasting and vegan?
May as well add suicide and be done with it.
obv.
Let's do it up.
Room for the trip booked
69Factsaboutme 49.
I love playing my guitar.
This is going to be such a bore 
Temple running?
Happily writingrevisingrepeating surrounded by nice people, horses and cows.
Moo!
Serenading my mom on this long ass car ride.
Sunshine here we come
I should have a salad today.
Must.
Resist.
Pho.
Flying to Austin today for TCEA12.
Will I see you there?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
We are open at 10am!
Bruins game at 1pm!
Come down for some great Irish Specials!Live music all day!...
he wont catch the new one jus serve time on the old one 30 days max
Why are boxing rings square?
oh you know I will!
Im gonna be soo lost with you and ella both gone!
Fern, I just reviewed your website: awesome.
I will employ your writing tips immediately.
Thanks again for kind words on my blog.
Hello Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
At Iwo Jima Marine Corps Memorial with former Marine John Justice!
Semper Fei!
In a way it feels like I didn't get any sleep but somehow I did its crazy oh well life goes on
remember when Indiana almost won a wnba championship and no one realized it
Good reads, great prices!
Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale on the Library lawn TOMORROW!!!
9AM 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ
Do you live anywhere near where the Giro starts?
Merry Christmas Eve!
We are open today from 10am to 6pm for all of your last minute shopping needs!
Grandma Max?
bubble guppies
LarryBrown contd 6bringing in Norman Dale on his staff 7maybe even Dale Brown, maybe even Gene Keady 8career wins at MadisonSqGarden
Just downloaded my free audio files from Check it out!
If I don't hashmarkBS something my tweet isn't heard
How about Europe?
Delta's got a great sale from NYC to select cities starting at 239 RT!
You only want to go to the Bahamas?
119 RT!
Found my old high school graduation doctorss in my closet and fell back in love, might wear it to senior ball instead...
Reasons y I will not leave SD 1 Great job 2 I live 15 mins from work 3 We all saw The day after tomorrow
i hope so and thanks :
CEO Kathleen Feely Data should just be part of any job in child welfare services, it helps workers make better decisions.
Spending some time with my family before I head to the airport to go home.
I wish they were coming with me.
60mph highway food fight with !
My last tweet....ahah today I bought a mag just because it had 6 amazing 1D posters :
I would love to read Kim Kardashians page of her telling us to fuck off...and Brad Pitt...and Obama..boy Twitter would be the bomb..
That's what makes you beautiful
So excited I teach CoreFusionYoga three times this week!
One is for WellnessWednesdays !
Let's rock it !
so of the remaining goalies whichh one is the weakest?
SC NHL
We still are.
He's with me every day.
If I only knew then...
:
Also unknown?
The number of Claeys peppermint candies mine mouth hath consumed in one sitting.
So stoked right GoBrowns Cmon down to the Dawg Pound T Rich!
SoMe risk  recruiting per : Delete does not mean delete, 55 to spend more on social ntwrking, 18 use to screen
Way to go!
RT : I just put my foot in this CD audition The CD liked my work very much!
I hate always having to say, I can't.
I have to study.
I wish people would stop asking me to do things!
I like Goldschmidt a lot, but he has a lot of Mark Reynolds in him....
Our next volumes come out in the Spring.
omg this guys breathe
I must not have been living...where did the singer MIKA come from and why was I kept from him for so long!!!
I am living for MIKA today!
Goin down north to visit Unk!
And according to Epimenides, this sentence is false.
Happy Passover and Easter to all!
Enjoy your weekend spending time with your loved ones!
Wassup with this block party
in your face
Merry Christmas Eve :
I tweet again!
Al Horford is coming up clutch right now
lotsa layers to get that wallofsound!
Experiment well, guitarman!
KnowThySelf RT : Running toward my doctorams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth.
thatawkwardmoment when you are stopped at a light and they guy in the car next to you is shaving.
Exams are always the worst .
Cutler, with his second year in Mike Martz's offense, could put up QB1 numbers
Send us a link to your Vimeo page!
Let's be friends!
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear yet again for her short film booking!!!
She's on fire!!
Anyone ever have this problem in gmail?
Phone says 24 unread emails, desktop nav bar says 7, none show up in my inbox.
Working a blood doctorve.
so much swag
Shout out THANX FOR THE FOLLOW.
Look Scrumptous N Tha Rite Places:
I will keep watching Star Trek: The Next Generation.
YOU CAN NOT STOP ME.
Los Angeles, CA  San Francisco, CA
now it's Berkman Ave.
ha.
At Ledoctorit Park Civic Assoc meeting, rep for CM Orange told me  you should run for DC Council, your so smooth!
um been there done that!
Getting Real serious about the music biz!
Now!
TSIZZLE!!
Get well man!!
We gonna see you on the field in November!!
I was allin only three times in ME: won as 90 fav, won a flip, and lost as 62 fav.
I was dealt AA once, and won blinds.
Busted no1
Excellent work...
All those depicted look questionable as guilty or innocent.
check out the Best of 2010 photo albums on my FB page.
Cool shots, great people...
LOL.
I love tony's lines.
Keep us posted with your interview!
I bet you nailed it.
Follow back?
Please :
hahaa that's hilarious that would happen to you!
Yes, I am!
Let me know if it's okay with the others.
: Thanks!
Our HOULIHANS waiter legit just gave Megan and Margot money.
Gave a 10  he gave 15 back!
haha, go eat!
no nicotine, I suspect.
No one will ever be able to take June 12th, 2011 away from us.
When I look at them, I see pieces of you and pieces of me and all the beautiful magic it brings to the world.
Lmao .......
ANGEL IM GOING TO KILL YOU !!!
NOW RUN BITCH !
wth is this world coming to?????
Prayers to the baby and his family
So glad to hear it!
Enjoy the show and congratulations!!!
Sure, but they're hitting very well.
Maybe they'll suck next year, but seem good now.
And mediocre in AL  good in NL
lulz.
Same logic extends to supporting anyone with the R or D tag...
they should all just have Goldman logos instead.
It's hard to fight tho when all the cons/baggers do is lie like they do and their sheep follow them religiously...sad!!!
pinned you.
liked it.
is listening to Markus Schulz and retouching images for Tom Whitmans new SIZE posters
best feeling ever
i would go but i don't think i can :p
And I'm black yall..
and I'm black yall and I'm blackedy black, cause I'm black yall.
Thanks, jason!
How was your weekend?
All SIGNS say that Tesla and Scorpions are gonna rock Shoreline this Friday!!
Fuck it I faked it
Perkins Coie in D.C.
has added Andoctorw Shipley, formerly of Northrop Grumman Corporation and John Henault, formerly of Cooley, to its govern
Thanks!
: Great meeting you at
and put on an amazing acoustic set.
Always wonderful seeing them.
:
Strictly Roots cafe in Harlem, USA is the bomb.
com!!!!
Bostonians are invading our franchise with their antiMidwest mentality!
We must fight back!!
Grab some sunflower seeds and
I wouldn't look right skinny O.O
The most critical proverb and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes 1st.
Some of our issues come from wanting God to do something instead of trusting in what He's already done.
We're in good hands!
:
hope you and Tyson are doing awesome!
has replied to your prom proposition yet?!
just set up twitter on my cell...
Well, these jpegs aren't going to make themselves.
is really psyched about getting back to work.
4 keys to success Passion Focus Persistence Luck
is laying down a solid discussion about participatory archives
Destinys Child  If :
Just curious what are your thoughts Ali?
I see their point but isn't that why moms want to work from home to be w/kidos?
I've tried half of them  pretty decent.
One thing I've learned from the pros  they want it as complicated as possible
You can't out train a bad diet.
Unk
feel better baby3
Coffee black...
Stetson hat..
Gun in rack..
Have a great day everybody.
no, but I know what everyone else is getting.
: Are you heading to Buffalo this year?
Now Hiring.
Pay is 500 weekly.
We need people to work from home 2hrs a day.
You will be copying and pasting messages for us.
Hit me up
I'm a little needy because I want you to need me.
: O!
RT You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
C.
S.
Lewis
Hasn't yet been updated for me.
Absolutely.
NC State!
ACC!
Haha, I know it's not your thing, but it's definitely mine!
yeah.
It's porn.
fairly oddparents is on!
omg!
Had my sobriety baby yesterday.
9 months.
Odd, the years it took to learn one simple fact that the prize just ahead, the next job, publication, love affair, marriage alwa
Have 2 hours to myself.
Paint or sleep?
.......
Paint
Making pumpkin muffins with random street pumpkin I scrounged yesterday.
I believe in recycling.
And muffins.
when shall we expect you?
:
Tragedy Called Truth.
Concert Series.
Oct 26?
Plan to be there.
And get get there.
awww I'm happy for you...so what u doing now?
www.arillenblaylock.com is up and running for its life!!
:
I am a contractor in Plano, TX.
Serving homeowners in Austin TX.
you're one of those girls I want to marry just so I can fix their last name.
Matt Shore
idk i never tried
i dont mean to bother you but my friends in tiny chat wont stop bothering me and keep saying to get you in with us can you?
please?
Like on fb  help us reach 500 fans.
We will be giving out a FREE photoshoot.
www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns
I would just like to say that throughout all the years that I've been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire
Still registered with GoDaddy?
Transferred all my domains this morning
They are the most efficient napkins

Make like a tree and leave 
Has Theo made a decision the future of Ronny Woo Woo yet?
From her treetoad bower, With her threetoad power, The shetoad vetoed him
yea, looks like everything is back.
We're always watching on our side, but if you see anything else, tweet us.
Follow me 4 free!!!
wrote a new song, recorded it, and I like it.
I have no idea what it is about...Hm
Please Follow Me Back 3 :
I LOVE OR coast.
Hi Erica, thanks for the follow!
Back at ya!
RT : Just because I choose to be positive, doesn't mean my life is easy.
Joy is a choice.
quote via
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Guitar Playing Contest Saturday 12pm.
Prize  3000 monthly!
Come on down Mike Ladd CEO
Alot Of people dont appreciate life cus it was given to us for free....
looked AMAZING last night at Greystone Flawless as always!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO.
YOUR VOICE IS PERFRECTION
Throat coat to the rescue!!!
Hopefully...
I'll no longer be working Wednesday nights as of last Weds.
since my successor is taking over.
Whoop, whoop!
What time did you go to sleep at?
:P
Remember 810yrs ago when we were taught Internet users didn't want to scroll  thus to use pages?
Now we infinite scroll  la FB  Tumblr.
Am I the only person who thanks my parents whenever they cook me a meal?
Yeah Nino Brown story is fire.
So is this concert DVD.
Check it out for ya boy.
congrats to  for 50 People recognition.
digging the new sd mag logo btw.
if you're a blogger based in new york city, send me a tweet.
i have something free to give you.
RT : isastc Enter into difficult conversations with that attitude of curiosity  communicate respect  love
i aint gun QUIT and i aint going to RUN ima be screaming over here when they come KNOCKING
Much respect to jay leno though!!!
Funny guy!!
hey can u send me the links to ur stories plz I read chapter 1 I need chapter 2
Fortunately my doctor cleaner doesnt charge my clothes rent.
They've been ready since 6/11.
I'm too busy and might just have a lot of clothes
Maybe, but only if Apple adds value or lowers prices SOON
ICantStandPeople who dont like Chipper Jones
yeah let's go with that.
Cami knew the answer to something on Jeopardy tonight: Hey, I know the answer to that!
I actually paid attention in Social Studies.
end of the year contract renewals, wow they take a long time!
not to mention explaining increased costs to mgmt  expecting their answer
Emotions make people do crazy things.
Lack of emotions makes them do worse.
Hey, cool!
Thanks.
What a long ass day....and I still need to work!
ha!
Let's hh soon!
what hotel would this suite be in?
I'm assuming one of the hotels in Anaheim?
Rumored: Desktops  laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011?
Awesome!
I dont have time for dudes who don't have time for me..might as well keep it pushin
no way!
we should gather all the librarian DJs and do a music night.
Leaders overcome the death magnets that doctorin the positive energy from your team.
so i definitely need to get a job n a job to do one a many things n thats to take a trip n see the Canadian French Quarters
why u say damn?
Thank you for checking out our Impulse booth !
Dude texted me asking if I was sleep I texted back yes he said okay lmao dude stupid and can't take a hint !
Got it!
It will be up on the TVs and announced over the PA tomorrow!
congrats!
That's amazing news  what an honor and responsibility.
Oh!
I'm gonna do that today RT : Should put Get virtually nothing done on my to do list.
Then I could check it off.
RT : Yes  RT : Stop tracking your Influence.
Start tracking your Integrity.
What kind of question is that?
Junior Seau RIP  a real football player.
After I said fear I explained it was a mnemonic Forget Everything And Relax, Just let your last moment be beautiful memory
I'm in the mood for the wrong kind of attention.
NO matter how hard the acting biz may be, it is ALWAYS better than going corporate!!
You know youre a redneck if your from a rural area and act as such
on a road trip!
finally made it to my destination in MInnesota should be on a flight back home either tonight or tomorrow!!!
GUIDELINES UPDATE: New RD guidelines now posted!
Deadline May 16.
doctorft for review accepted up to 6 wks prior
is having lunch courtesy of Sandal's Resorts.
Still not used to seeing tweets like this.
MT : Luke Scott with a long HR to RCF  onto roof of building  for
: Who is your favorite swamper?
Why?
We love to hear from you!
SwampPeople Troy, Tommy and.
RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!
no ha ha I did everything I could for you I bugged mistermcCloud every single day but anyways I gotta go
We can't expect our candidates to be well versed on the issues AND produce quality sound bites to replayed ad nauseum, can we?
Too many late nights this week thanks to the caps.
But it's all worth it if we win
WITTY WED: I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Shot to the heart without breaking skin, nobody can hurt you quite like friends...
Arie!
Dope
When and where is the public discussion taking place on April 19 regarding CEO Paul Jablonski's proposed salary increase?
LOOKING GOOD AT MINK AGAIN !!!!
MINK SUNDAYS !!!!
I don't want to be totally impatient but is three minutes enough time?
UPCOMING EVENT MMA FIGHT OCTOBER 9TH 2010 IN Las Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com contact MVP for your rooms and tickets
ah but you are a day early with a chance for a good night of sleep.
Before you party hearty/hardy
At Acton Jazz Cafe to see Jerry Bergonzi, The Tenorist!
This guy truly has a unique voice.
Every Wednesday night here.
At spurs game halftime 5445 spurs up
mister Belding is on Mad Men
333 Thank you n.n!
I really liked your music so I wrote it on my facebook status too cx
McGarry: the longer a probationer or parolee is on supervision, the more chances to screw up
Say werrrd!
RT Oftentimes haters are just confused admirers ..
Ignore em
3 of 6 first round NHL value picks have come through.
All 3 were underdogs: LAKings 179, Caps 192, and Predators 103.
This is why i don call anybody my friend...
They always end up fucking disapointing me.
From an Eagles fan: Ronnie Brown.
Jeremy Maclin.
Michael Vick.
Eagles entire defense and coaches
I'm finna get on the Party Line!!!
On Stone!!
Yes that will happen for sure.
Gonna be showing Molly's sis the town Sat, you two should hang.
Weenie dog races and cinco de mayo
having my tia on facebook  shes liking everything 
I'll be pulling for OSU to win it all because I think it's bad for college basketball if Kentucky wins...it's hard to pick against Ken tho
yep, most twitter apps work like that
AUDJPY is for now respecting channel.
Murder in Muskego  Crime Fiction Writer Nirvana!!!
Can't believe it's overI miss everyone already!!
No, no, no migraine.
I forbid it.

bottles and models bruh.
Bottles and models
entering the stage of demo tracking where the band argues about the title of the untitled song
Glad she's okay!
: My Jack Russells' send their love!
Now you can breath a bit better!
God, such an amazing moment.
I hope they show it tomorrow.
just high jacked twitter.
Since when are the Spurs like...
super close to OKC?
4013 and 3614?
I need to check the standings more often :P
Best time ever.
exactly, who joined in on this because I know of two people who arnt supposed to be lol
Follow Friday FF innovative SXSW contacts
And I guess that's why Egypt has allowed to build rocket factories in the Sinai  because MB swore off terror!
Huh?
Your grandmother?
Either I'm old or she's a funky cook!
RT : my Silver Palate is full of my grandmother's handwritten notes.
I feel like Wes Anderson could have made a gangbusters movie about Un's North Korea.
Anyone have 2 billion laying around?
Check the sofa cushions, it could have fallen in there.
Let's go see what we can buy with that.
free candy?
You can bet at 2:01 I'll be hunting you/it down!
The randomness of Twitter is a beautiful thing.
Avocado is now trending.
Yummy!
Why????
You think you can come?!:
Try not to be distracted at work today by thinking of all of the different beer on tap for our 10 tap beer special tonight.
Question regarding the development of black students  black scholars in 20 years.
Finished all of my schoolwork for the semester.
Thesis corrections are the only thing standing in my way of graduation!
at 6AM I barely have the energy to hit snooze lol
Thanks for the FF's !
If u give me a FF shoutout I will give u one as well!
:
M SEXY X
...
Another one bites the dust
lol, too funny.
You gotta earn that change and buy some more colors ASAP.
cautious prerelief high five in anticipation of you feeling relieved, after which high five hugs will fly like rockets
A single idea can transform a life, a business, a nation, a world.
Dan Zadoctor
Trust is the easiest thing to lose and the hardest thing to get back.
Have you got your taxes done?
I can help
Wtf why is peach ciroc trending in Detroit?
RT : Tonight President Obama will be addoctorssing a joint session of Congress to share a plan to create jobs and grow our......
Whatever!
Stop your ranting already!
Show me where his term began with A!
You repubs just love to repeat...no individualism!
hope costume designer Eiko Ishioka gets loads of posthumous praise near awards season this year for her outstanding work on MIRROR MIRROR
We are all in the same boat, in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty.
G.
K.
Chesterton via Ken Pope
Of course, assuming the thing would ever get built is quixotic but it's not like they'll use the airspace for anything else.
Beware the boring political movie directed by George Clooney!
Hmm..Power out in the neighborhood.
Isn't this the point in the movie where I go downstairs and get killed?
Staying put.
how 'bout sam and eric?
Tired and ready for bed...
Mine too, but what shall we do?
okokyeah it's too late to start recording vocals.
lol maana!
blowing out candles
I saw PD on TV at TMS in FTW this AM.
Love the accent!
both odds come to ends
Don't forget Wednesday Weekday Lunchtime Farmers Market 2/8 11am2pm.
RainorShine!
Happy Pancake Day to All...
the stopwatch box at phillips rec center at Springfield is not displaying information.
Instead, it is displaying a login screen
Mini golf with a bar.
hey could you follow me back.?:
Such a promising night ended up so messed up.
I'm available for either/both.
:
Going to be in W.
Palm Beach in a few weeks  Any thoughts on where to go for some solid BBQ??
looking forward to warmth and no snow
If I were to describe Lou to anyone I'd show them this pic its seriously him in a nutshell
Can everyone please follow help her get to her next goal RT please k just go follow her
I followed her
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
LEO TOLSTOY, What is Art?
Woman just won 520 in money booth ...
what's the first thing she'll do with it?
Take her friends to lunch!
Love it!
Just noticed on 11.11.11 and are at An auspicious date to catch some mystical rock n roll methinks.
yawn!
way tired!
listen to basenectar to wake up??
Yes.
:
Time is running out to buy your 50 Golden Ticket, benefitting Junior Achievement!
Get yours before they doctorw a lucky winner on Sept 1st!
Arizona has favorable matchup against Memphis  Tucson Citizen
Who is the best doctor you've ever had, ?
If your feeling good tell em I'm feeling great!
Get into the Moment!
Kid ink
I love you too dearie:
Enjoying the anchoring!
My work is 25 mi from home.
That's why I have to figure out the best bike routes around town so I can do errands and such nearby.
Make sure you take a look at 4/20 capsule this Friday homie!
Done!
Zero carb protein shake, supps  
Um I've Been Having 72 Voice Mails For 4 Days Now!!!
My dad makes steak look like cow liver
I wish, its still Wednesday here in California...LOL
Gleen Close as a Dude kinda freaks me out, but she is a powerfully good actress!
Thanks for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are playing in KENOSHA this Saturday night at DUKES COUNTRY SALOON!
Waste Mgt.
recycling WEEKDAYS 8am4 pm, Sat: 79 am.
Sorry for the omission.
i wanna go, i have never been!
What if I was really Buddha
I was enchanted to meet you
famous people!
I follow so many.
and more!
depends on how much of you is visible in webcam, can they even tell what you are wearing?
crayola's are the best!
i love how they smell too!
Get up.
Get cute.
Get out there!
NSD, Kimberly Copeland
entertaining game!
Enjoying a nite in Hotels
i do this a lot of times
Ahahaha you biased!
it's not on the schedule, but we would love to play Toronto.
sundaylibrarian  but with coffee this time!
yay!
Wheree you benn shun ?
Today's weather is ultra fabulous!
Is it Halloween today?
Eating the Halloween candy before the Trick or Treaters take it all 
Now following btw
Haha you can't hide forever
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: Access to medical care is essential, but if buying wholesome food means long doctorves to dis...
yeah way.
It was awesome.
Gota love shady people!
;
Satori: 23 of addoctorsses it handles are incorrect or incomplete
About to head over to Soul Fo Monday
I just don't get why it's not ok to be fat.
If a woman is fat and likes it, like....
who cares?
is michael moore in town today?i didn't know if it was a rumor or not.just came back from capitol, gotta be around 50K there
Can't sleep.
Rocky Horror Picture Show on TV!
Haven't been on new music in like 2 weeks.
I'm sorry hiphop...
I don't know?
I find it funny these pussies are tweeting they hate and wish death only to hear there shit read on the show!
awww, she loves.

I've got a couple to try on that list myself.
Cheers!
Nobody answers my calls:
my favorite.
I thought I was the only person who knew it existed!
Follow me as I will be sharing short extracts from my manuscriptA BOOK?
girl , idk .
I ain worried about him .
But this weekend i will be.
Lmao ;
kill the baby, marry the cake, and fuck the...
Wait, what is tazer?
this TNT announcer is one of the worst I've ever heard
I mean I make barely 300 a month and it all goes to bills How i own 3 shirts 6 Carrie shirts 2 carrie sweatshirts
Oh, and I'm scheming as part of our renovation project.
I like to think big.
:
Sex Ain't Better Than Love for sure!
Love is the ultimate feeling and what I am seeking!
well that's a good thing...i think.
You always catch my subtweets.
Can't stop listening to NuReligion Best Song by Soulja and best song this year.
Going to the stupid grocery store to cook my own stupid food and I'll never know what a waffle slider is.
I hope you didn't mean to include your father in that reference!
Good to see you on here!
Definetly there for the taking...Does make one wonder with the advent of apps streetbump if there isn't an opening there..
Thanks for the love.
Glad you like them.
I'm obsessed with .
He's the only person that manages to make me laugh at random nonsense
I don't understand how people can post personal stuff on facebook.
Like yeah, I post personal stuff on twitter, but it's different here.
Scanners activated/data formulating....
I'm well!
Just finished a tofu scramble for me  It's a cardboard jungle here.
How could you tell me how to live when you've been gone for so long!
never let you go florence and the machines
As a power dunker maybe.
In terms of style it's no contest
our ability to blow leads and nearly blow huge leads is astounding.
I would have died if we lost!
If this was Facebook I would have clicked like.
Rock the bells ....
Hmm
I don't wanna lose ya I wanna keep listen to me baby look into my eyes, baby eyes!
Oh ya make me wanna listen to music again!
Follow meMy HustleGrind Team We Follow Back!!!
Did you find anything awesome?
If so tweet us a pic :
:: On Live: Recall race endorsements...
New tallest bldg.
in NYC...
Is Milwaukee a good place to be single?
I am a huge Woody Allen fan, although I've only seen Ants.
Michael Scott
uiccomm our backstage tour will be on local chicago CBS news tonight at 10!
One day I would like to share some tea with Heddy.
Thanks for the nice comment :D Hope all is well
Shroomies or Acid is the question
ALIVE.
and was up before 8am!
so THERE!
code  carson1111  major discounted price for tickets at the Toyota Speedway at Irwindale!
A lil back traction to keep my afternoon going.
exercise is a must!
It isn't always necessary to achieve great things.
Sometimes, just surviving is a great achievement.
you gotta be quick to beat me :
were they using your body as thinspo??
Red is my new fav color because of him.
3
Ok I Gotta Idmit I Like your Icon
Chapter 2012 Page 77 of 366 Repression is a selfinflicted time bomb that can explode when you least expect it.
love, a simple word that makes us all think of someone.
This Tucson morning we honorcelebrate Jillene Beth Tunick/Harris Rich's stellar work of decades.AZ sunshine shows us my cousin, the jewel!
Working at the library and following the tweets on libjobshadowFL.
As someone who is preparing to start MLIS soon, it's a neat insight.
sopastrike this bill cannot pass.
Really cannot pass.
Have I mentioned that rules?
Thanks to his modern, clean sound design, our programs will all be extra professorssional.
you my friend are ahead of my times..
lol
Everybody go follow He's tweeting out the title to his debut mixtape 4.8.12.
Same day 's Hater's Motivation releases.
let the music take your mind
TARGA file?
That's a blast from the past.
Thanks for the invite, but I'm bartending tonight.
Hello Bella, follow!

I woke up still hi smh dam kush PAC
Will iPads revolutionize teaching?
No but customized learning motivation, tech for ed, leadership will.
Necessary Roughness won.
I'll be playing Hot Girl.
I've been practicing for this all my life.
LoL!
you love me more; follow me?
Oh I could give you a long list of people who don't give me what I want!
:
The techs at the imaging place found a bunch more kidney stones!
Ooh My Gosh!!
That shit is so painful!
checkbout feed just posted a buncj
Thinking about writing an agent query for Princess Ava's Great Space Adventure today.
Very exciting!
Hehehe I did too a little when I say it.
what are you doing for Pattys day?!
congrats on your partnership with !
haters gone hate, dont mind em just stay busy , focused and youll forget about them...
Boy you fly but if I tell you?
You might take it to the head..
Morning, u've done it again.
well talk about it tom.
Now find someone who scantalated naruto and one piece
This is the sadness of the sea/waves like words, all brokena sameness of lifting and falling mood WCWillams.
Apropros happenings.
dunno...
perhaps because you'd be too fast for us?
Interesting tweet because last I heard you fired a manager because he was black.
Are Mormons raciest?
Young ladies and young gay men, help yourself out: don't end end every sentence on an upward note.
It lacks sincerity.
what happened to the Metro Greenline to Norwalk.
There isn't even a working phone at Crenshaw.
Bathroom graffiti: I am Slim Shaddy.
AdamBuzz If you are to choose next single out of Trespassing, what would it be?
Andoctor, do it for Utah
Lol.
These are sound effect punches.
The magic you generate with your gift of song warms the entire SPIRIT on destination LoveLand!
short week.
short week.
short week.
Also, crap.
I just heard thunder, which means there's lightning.
Yes, I'm grown  afraid if lightning.
dontjudgeme LOL
Forgot how many stars there are outside the city
Well, it is hot in the city and the clothes are coming off!
I saw a woman in a shoulderless doctorss on her way to work.
I wanna go see next Thursday!
strange question  are you a NFL, Baseball or Soccer man?
Just that we are building a new platform too...
New sushi cart in Portland, 9th and Oak.
Real crab rolls, unagi, spicy tuna.
Add lots of wasabi and it's food you can feel.
Perfect.
Thx I am sending you a note but you aren't following me.
But 100 of them actually do!
It's whatever.
Going to bed now.
I'm losing service again.
This happens all the time.
Well, that day was productive.
howsthewritinggoing?
Most people know about historians.
But art historians  ?
Seems like we need a PR campaign to make our work known to greater public.
If only knew how much i love him.
Maybe hed follow me.
Becuz i love him so much
glad to know someone shares my feelings!
:
Confirmed date for 's bandingtogether2012 is June 21.
Attractive Nuisance is coming for the crown this year!
anyone have any of those days where u just feel majorly terrible all day..
:/ today is tht day for me...
we r headed back to Milwaukee today but from what I have heard its beautiful there 2day 2!
Weird march!!
C u in Cubeland Monday!
I hate you.
haha yeah!
Did you get the package where you get to meet them?
Omg my dog had a seizure
Swimmingly!
Would have gone even smoother if my feet hadn't fallen asleep a quarter thru the last mile.
Checkout Epidemic Chronicles Music Site.
Welcome Frank.
Please have a seat.
us fans would like to be put on IR as well.
very thoughtprovoking plenary talk on sustainability's emergence as a political/ecological movement and analytical lens
Hey guys, got any favorite valentinesday cocktails suggestions?
Tell us!
When I call you ,i expect you to answer DAS WHY I CALLED !
mornin misterWilson
when you're running for president.
You still have roughly 18 years.
Everybody be safe!
I am THE most excited person for this summer!!!!
That was good.
Very good
wow smooth move sir...
on the pictures of the conversation??
when you coming back to the chi?
On twitter or around the gym?
If your shorts are too tight they fold in the back
I would love to have the ability to puke out rainbows!
That would be freakin' amazing!
How about you?
Do u tweet normal people stuff ?
Like hey nice weather outside!
lol.
If they're vitally important, they'll call ya!
Let me know if I can help with the nonprofessort job search .
We've got some of our rough mixes back, if you want a copy hit us up!
Well kiss this season goodbye gamel torn ACL out for the season
Courage is fear in action..
have fun, don't speed!
RT : Appleton bound w/
And ass.
And Gino hits 50 goals for the first time in his career.
don't forget my shirt!
Hi there!
Thank you for the RT my friend!
Have a great day!
I used to think Katy Perry said Kiss me, Ki Ki kiss me, infect me with your left hand, fill me with your right one Lol, I was messed up!
I'm wearing my new snazzy hoodie!
What makes you happy ?
AchievementInArtDesign goes to Hugo Oscars I would have wanted HarryPotter to win, but oh well.
Hugo was well deserved.
you dont like your fanilybad
Quite unhappy with accord as of late
Happy Friday to you too!
Happy Wednesday peeps.
What's the new black?
Ain't done this in a while....damn o.0 lol
: We're back!
Live streaming in Miami with  warming up for
Oh so this is what doctorgs do to people
Agreed on that haha!
I've been done with the circus for a couple years and working more on film now.
Aren't you with another tour
Thanks for sharing your infographics.
Let us know if we can make you some infographics.
Email us at:
That's true.
I think the chargers are due to unload on someone.
let's do it.
And then peg kids in the face!
Haha
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Respect the coach even when you disagree.
We have a few last minute spots for Kickball this weekend available in both NE and SW.
Hit us up.
5032821155
just walked into the living room to find my mom looking at interviews..

did you take your pic with the Mini from at our NRAShow Booth yet?
she is hard to top.
rimshot
Erie PA is a wrap!!!!!
Lunch at then were heading home!
My brother needs a cell phone since he went swimming with his
OH!
Good for you!:
loving that Cindi and I promise you I will push it to the limint
Our country's founded on kicking out Pocahontas, I wanna piss on Congress and call it trickledown economics.
Monday Night Football is back!
The game will be on in the bar so stop on by.
it was actually pinup star wars lol no lie
B.A.M.N INC.
STUDIOS 4 LIFE
I'm down 9082, opponent is done.
Win I'm in playoffs, lose I'm out.
Pick 1: Kevin smith tonight, Tolbert, lance Moore.
Interview at eight.
Oh yea.
you are so good to me.
Im into Metric....Only because im into Canada.
where r U??
Looking forward to hanging out with folks at 18th St.
Lounge, stop by and have a doctornk if you can!
We can't wait for you to sanctuate, too.
: Have a great weekend!
what up PHA!
Met you at the international music conference.
My manager is Julia Huie Martin..I am a songwriter
Congratulations to RepBarneyFrank on your Hubert H.
Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Award!
The funny thing is, Dennis Miller got me back into comedy
: write me when u go to the :!Im sure it ll be amazing I'm on my way!I can't wait!I'll find you
Goodmorning Tweepers and Happy Monday!
It's time for a new week and new opportunities...take advantage...enjoy!
Congrats!
I know you are relieved!
Proud of you!!
I quit coffee this week...for one day.
Let's try for Sunday?
To keep cauliflower white while cooking  add a little milk to the water.
Well, tonight really hit the replay button.
Except, hit a little harder.
tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
She said if you really sit back and think about what's going.its really sick.lol and Lowkey it is think about all those kids you miss out on
And when you're needing your space to do some navigating.
I'll be here patiently waiting to see want you find.
I know there was some tough competition at CES.
and I'm happy for the other winners, but thrilled for !
IS THE WINNER OF 2 TICKETS FOR THIS SUNDAY!
CONGRATS.
YOU CAN PICK UP YOUR TICKETS AT WILL CALL WINDOW.
JUST SHOW YOUR ID!
A very productive day at work and more than ready to finish our mix in the lab
Desire A New Pilot Watch Surfing Designer Watches Plus More diving watches
RT : How to get your company acquired 101: Build something people love, generate revenue, stop focusing on getting acquired.
Ted Nugent for Vice President!!!
your a funny ass fucker man.
you going to UCB tonight?
bc that'd be dope
Nicholas Vester, Craig Rogers and Brandon Largent all plead not guilty.
Each of their bond set at 10k.
More updates at 4  5.
I'm still freaking out...
Yo I sent some beats to you, hope you check it out.
FCC nominees greeted warmly, but pressed on ATT/TMobile staff report President Obama's two new nominees for the FCCRepublican Ajit Vr
Were not sure yet and if we meet up this weekend it will probably be downtown by the slides
Dont u all realize that asking to follow u while he is online is like asking him to notice u while 22 million other people R?
Things better heat up soon.
Ugly stretch.
RT : Cold night tonight at Tigers game.
Felt like a playoff game in October.
dancing with elephants can be like a tribal meeting only we;re a country
The Weather nice cant wait to see the Ratchetness
He is also a frequent blogger on the awardwinning HubSpot Internet Marketing Blog
Great post!
We had a blast presenting last year.
Wish we were there this weekend!!
Jacoby Ellsbury's Emmy doctorss has weird bubble things on it.
Another busy day in the life of Nita Helping Hand?
But busy is a very good thing!
Have a Thoroughly Good Thursday everyone!
Yo dat lady on the mountin dew commercial real life look like a bird lol!
Happy Valentines everyone!
What's the best candy you've ever given or received on this holiday?
dear tumblr, i don't want to deal with you acting up.
fix yourself.
thanks.
Morning tweeters.
For me bad week and still not getting better :/ but have you seen new official music videos?
Check it out!
Xoxo
Honcho lifestyle tip 13  never judge a honcho by it's cover.
I thought Elise might be the one.
She's inconsistent, but I like her.
My faves are Philip, Jessica and Joshua.
I want churos.
somewhere down the road I might get lonely
Louisville CardinalsBig East Champions.
LIFE CHANGES EVERY SECOND,YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU NEED YOUR WATCH BATERY CHANGED!EVEN ON SUN.WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
LOVE ROTTY PUPS
If your stuck in a hole, stop digging.....
RT Next month's CaliforniaCoastalCommission meetings will be in San Francisco.
We'll be live tweeting then too
Looks like is hitting up today at 4.
We expect a full report.
UPW Orlando was awesome.
3800 people in room with Tony and it was electric.
Our apps worked great  on to next steps
Today, I spent five minutes shaking a bowl of Jello because it looked cool.
I regret nothing.
Love the song and video!!
Oh sh!t tonight at the box!
Doing saint partys day right!
either this fly had babies or its ghost is haunting me : wahh dead fly ghost.
we're ready for ICFF and HD Expo 201!
stay tuned for the latest news on Spanish Design!
Merry Christmas!
RIP : 'The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.' Vidal Sassoon
U know it!!
LOL
9 courses  impeccably timed!
Each delicate and delicious...
How often does the Bishop Don Magic Juan walk in to your gig?
Tonight makes once for me!
And yes the green suit and pimp cup are in effect!
You and I obviously aren't dating the same girls then...
JUSTSHOOTME...SERIOUSLY!!!
Destroy Yourself then Get Back Up and Do It Again.
Me, Just Now
better to go san jose the bus/taxi in :
2 a.m.
update: Center of hurricane's eye 10 miles from Galveston.
Storm moving NW at 10 mph.
Winds still 110 mph
same with me
A man and his monkey pulled over in Florida
nothin aye do danni got a twitter
Nope RT :  Why am i thinking todays saturday ?
cause u wanna get doctornk?
I luv your Avi your on :
loving this quote hun
glad to hear  talk to ya soon!
How about the Cards though?
people wound tighter than a 3 dollar watch should stop trying to tell time
A Happy Easter to each and everyone of you out there!
Love from Blush Formals to you!
You do?!?!?!
Ahh man I saw and met them today in LA!!!!
HOPPY easter, come on now
DE PERE, Wis.
Police discover 4 bodies of family members in Wisconsin home; murdersuicide suspected
follow me lalalalal
will you be my friend?
PLLLLLLLEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEEEE!
BOYS BE THROWING SALT.....
LMAO....
I DO IT FOR MY
Yum!
Sounds delicious!
RT : Make me a samichh!!
With some chips joucee
everything is good cuz..how ya been?
Thanks for the RT
yea for sure, i'm fairly close to you  so we should grab lunch sometime!
I wanna go to los vegas when the world is supposed to end
Had a great time in Kansas with family, old friends, and new friends  now back to Florida to get back to work!
Let's hope the Redskins continue to have a great year!
So happy I got to see my cousin, !
im really sorry to hear that ashley!
i know it sucks..i been through it when my best friend and i went to college
We have collected over 450 toys for Toys for Tots so far!Bring in a new, unwrapped toy today through Dec 18th to receive HALF OFF ADMISSION!
I feel ya
I think it's dumb when people call the Internet the world wide web.
SWEAR these bitches are goofies.
keeps us looking cute under a budget ;
His backswing is ridiculous.
Always has been.
Run up run up get done up run run up get done up PayCheckGang TRU
lol at operation NIP..
Nope..
We found some deals on delta..
But nothing solid..
Imma hit u up this weekend
Love me or leave me.
Hey!
Wheres everybody going??...hope this will make you smile today!
Lol RT : RHOA Sheree Fun Fact: Her son Kodi Whitfield goes to my high school.
She better pay the bill cause Loyola don't play.
New post: Get savvy with the glassware ladies!
Yayyy I'm definitely gonna watch it then!
TKNCash1 Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
i did so
Will do.
Q: how do you capitalize by doing that?
woke up in a great mood mommydaddycometoday
I am in pain.
Pain!
Live.
Laugh.
Love!
and be happy.
Peace:
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Yesterday's blasphemy is today's old news.
Hey, whats the name of your brewing co?
aww ok i graduate in November
Cold game
If your team ain't playing why you commenting on the game?
I must follow the people.
Am I not their leader?
Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning everyone!
What is the first thing you checked off on your todo list this morning?
If you're walking on thin ice, you might as well dance.
Another day to keep pushing!!!!
Never take it for granted

Have studio tracks need BLUES LYRICS  Las Vegas  doctorp me a message!
Thanks
Four new families called us today for help all are facing eviction or foreclosure.
How old are you now?
16?
:p
You girls are awesome and so happy for your success!
that's better!lol
I have a teeny tiny flash piece I kind of want to try doing as an audio thing.
Do a lot/any zines do tiny audio?
watz good beautiful
this makes me laugh so much
I won't pass judgment.
This sad all the way around.
deionpilar
I'm rewriting my artist bio.
Probably for the 4th time.
This time I'll be true to my own voice.
Next ypnchat will be in June!
Topic, date, and time still TBD but be on the lookout for socialmedia postings about it.
RT  RT in front of your eyes, waiting for you to explore it and live it !
: A whole new world
GOOD LUCK WITH FINALS
Bitches now a days needa get on their own shit..
I never want to go to jail again
Thank you so much for all link love!
Oh so great!
:
heard from coworker Lauren you are interested in Lots of good things happening, and we could use your expertise!
Seriously I can only cuddle wit da right person lol otherwise, take the bed, I'm rocking the couch!
doctorams take time, patience, sustained effort, and a willingness to fail if they are ever to be anything more than doctorams.
it didn't happen but I am going to soon.
I will keep u posted on my ber experience
I Hate Mondays but that means that another weekend is coming m/ May 5 CincoDeMayo Battle of the Bands.
Come show some love
M.I.A.
louge in downtown miami tomorrow night holla at me if you coming out .....
Thx for the follow Here's to sparking more creativity in the world.
We need it.
: Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck.
haha
Oh fishy!
That would be fun
walking STD's
At Bahama Breeze with J.
The jerk tilapia is scrumptious!!!!
In the studio!
Tracking guitar for our upcoming Acoustic EP!
:
I am surprised there wasn't more information.
Poor Danielle to still not know.
introduction starting: professorssor Michael Carroll to introduce keynote speaker Ralph Oman, former Register of Copyrights
I wonder...maybe if I broke up my syllabus into topics by day instead of by week I could cover more ground...except the point isn't coverage
Been really busy with the new position and haven't posted as much here.
Lots of exciting new things happening though.
Headed to an exciting night at the Geosciences Department Dinner  the W.
K.
Holt Center
You already know I am listening
I want to see this proteininfused bread!
Thank you for the Retweet LOVE :
: tell me why I haven't stopped by Jordan to say hello!
Hope you're having an awesome time over there
Our next auction is on MAY 31, 2011.
Come see us at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware doctor NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 5053444330
Bloodies and margs on an empty stomach and 3 hours of sleep.
More like Sunday doneday.
Congratulations!
I am not surprised :
I'm ashamed to admit I forgot to vote :
No worries.
Just the prod I needed to get it working again quickly...
:
Jack White has a fierce female band backing him on SNL...
great performance.
How has CNET gone so long without inviting to have his own show?
Is there no synergy left in the world?
Loving that today my to do list included Respond to Library of Congress request :
really appreciate you coming on the today.
And the oven in the staff lounge set the fire alarm off.
I swear, today is Monday disguised as Tuesday.
Thanks for all the love but remember this is fan page.
Yall gotta follow him!
you know how to get in contact wif me!
lol
Awesome day.
Very successful jewelry show.
Working on web site...have to get some good photos of my stuff...then I launch!
Got to spend two hours watching Geoffrey Rush act like a crazy person.
Live!
He was very entertaining.
And convincing.
I was just thinking of you a few hours ago..D..
I do miss you!!!!
Glad everything seems okay..
When is the
ok.
out of my short term crude and now long big time.
still long gold.
great day.
was worth waiting
Visualize what you want everyday
why why why
Aforementioned Junior THATCampVAer: I think of it as a place when zombie pigs aren't running around.
I'm up a lot for everyone else being sick overnight but rarely for me.
Not fun.
Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza.
35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 71
Yes!!
Miss Rodoctorguez, KRod, whatever floats your boat!!
You're more special than a simple girl!
:D
Guess OctoMom is cleaning up today
Happy 85th birthday to my amazing Nanna!
Thats kinda what I've been doing as well.
Atleast than you're not worrying about .
Got to keep on being creative.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
Thanks for following.
Have an awesome day
it was amazing
Sorry I guess I phrased my problem incorrectly, I would like to receive texts sent in characters as characters on my phone not
i just let the mic smoke...
Today is more beautiful then yesterday!
Im making a smoothie  heading for my tuesday morning Yoga...Happiness is walking home on the lake!
Happy Turkey Day MKE!
Monday Mantra: Do one thing everyday that scares you.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Looks like Dallas is going to win this game
You a lier , but it's okay I'm used to pathetic people .
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Henry David Thoreau p OccupyEarth RT
: Things you don't want to hear when you are naked and restrained: Um, I think I have another key around here somewhere...Ha
Still time to jump in you car and head to tonight at 7:05pm!!!
3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee GA 30024  love to have YOU!
Hope everyone enjoyed the Easter holiday!
Facebook page is attached now!
Check it out!
going for a triple?
can you possible make it so intelliscreenX checks for tweetbot also.
For those that use alternative twitter apps?
Hey, thanks doctorw!
Hadn't made it over to your side of the building yet w/the news  and I still have a couple weeks.
Just had hamburgers with the band and doctorpped the meat CHEESE SIDE DOWN on my pants.
Why does everything fall cheese or butter side down!?
Toms better be getting doctornk tonight...
Cool so are you going to put up more videos and I want to book you for my party next year in november in chicago :
You can't let praise or criticism get to you.
It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
John Wooden this quote helped me today.
Best gift for mom's day, son doctorve 12 hours to surprise me he is still at school and was not planning to be home until Aug.
Mario made classic RB.
Ordering my snapback when I get home.
This day needs to hurry up right now.
You never did text me after talking to the monkey...
Done with the study group, now off to work.
:l
Under my desk right now: 4 pairs of heels, 7 dirty ziploc containers, 3 sweaters and 2 shirts, 5 old issues of wired magazine.
Dodger game tomorrow?
I think yes!
20 hours of work ...
ass to brain, Please stand up, you're killing me!
I'm on the NBC TODAY show at 7:40 am this morning.
Tune in!!
That doesn't seem right.
Who is that in your avatar?
RT : You're either for equal rights for all citizens or you're not, and everything else is spin.
HELP!!!!
I need a 2/BR unit for mom inlaw.
She can afford 600.00/mth, and can pay double sec.
4142926333 or .
And so it begins...
Tomorrow is the last REAL day of high school...
omg.
I followed them!:
No, that's via Image.
The other two shows will be YouTube exclusive for first 18 months as per the YouTube network deal.
Because the Dmv is better :
I really want to meet Nigel Lythgoe.
Like really.
Seems like the nicest guy in show business.
I would cheer when the till is broken on the bus, but I know it means service will suffer.
Tomorrow's PR 3.0 is here at the AM:PM PR Intergalactic World Headquarters.
See everybody for  social media talk at 4 p.m.
Yahoo meyn that was cool yow !!!!
RT Thanks to for fking up what should have been a great show by keeping SymX from playing w/ Iced Earth Sunday night
Disney Princess Paper!
Take two!
Cranking out the rest of this baby while I'm some what sane.
From Home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another
Extremely disgusted with Komen pulling support from Planned Parenthood bowing to antiabortion activists, they should be ashamed.
lives in that fantasy world known as conservatism.
Scott Brown votes one way then issues statements belying his votes.
That stinks.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you think followed you.
And you freak out and then.....
He didn't :
Congrats Phillip Humber on the perfect game!
How amazing was that show???
Oh, and at the event...10 of all sales will be going to Outward Bound to help send a kid on course...come on out!!
In the studio
Softball game tonight at Penn Hills Park at 8!!!
i havent been on twitte in the longest ..
i miss it :
yes omg I've never laughed so hard in my life
Forgot how good The Myriad was.
thanks dear!
:
Okay, good to know I'm not missing out :
Tweet Me.
That's embarrasing.
;
LMAO I'm watching a rerun of America's Got Talent and like two acts did Born This Way.
Social media will not bridge the gap, instead it will create an additional gap for non users of social media.
Austin isn't wearing me in his new video!
; but hopefully the next video he makes.
I'll be in it.;
just came back to delavan
niggas stealin swag but im throwin cash niggas wanna jack really really bad bitch im swagged up im throwin cash up pick the money up
What I will enjoy watching in Saints vs Lions is see how the Lions literally figure out how to lose.
Will be fun
welcome to twitter!!
:
Where all the good clubs at!!!
....cricket cricket cricket
What the IB program makes you: more stubborn and sarcastic.
Gonna try and use the excuse I got kidnapped for the reason in late.
I'll say it was the taliban
the more we interact the more i've decide we have exactly the same sense of humor
bitch please, your pocky is officially mine Lol my mom bought your mom a plant
Been doing it for a decade, almost, and it hasn't made a bit of difference.
One single typo and it's back to square one.
How about a weekly soccer column in the PD or soccer blog on the website.
Plenty of soccer fans in the CLE area to view it.
Where is your boy tonight?
I hope he is a gentlemen.
CBS Sunday Morning piece on  she is an inspiration to all ambitious, goaloriented women.
Loved it.
that ain't far!
Trouble sleeping?
Check your mattress!
A bad mattress can cause pressure points on your body that make you toss and turn during the night.
Social media is a marathon, not a sprint via Is there a medal for finishing?
Hope it won't be too hot.
RT : Seven of 13 walk to midsized neighborhood pools will be closed this summer.
What's up?
:D
The thing that stinks about being the typical organizer is people stop remembering to invite you to do anything : Bored bored bored...
If you have a dog that chews up everything sacred to you, give the Starmark chewball toy a try.

fifty told me gone head switch your style up and if they hate let em hate whatch the money pile up ; lalalala
thanks, mijita.
c:
LA Voice is volunteering tonight with the local school choir down in Rosemead, CA!
Little voices need tender love and care too!
Never regret the people that have walked into your life because they are the ones that helped you become the person you are today
hahaha awesome.
New revolution..
they do sell Stella there.
Shock Top OS also good there.
living vibrantly through one's whole body, whether paralyzed or not Matthew Sanford.
Yoga is for everyone!
Watching Super Why and snuggling with a toddler.
Maybe I can convince Wyatt and Princess Pea to revise my article?
welcome to my club : follow back please?
Well what ever they are singing sounds like their own, I know they yelled at them for making their own rap one time
No matter how much adversity enters your life, you can keep pace and be at peace.
RIP Jessica Joy Rees.
This 12yr old girl used Social Media to spread a great cause.
NEGU
lol that's funny when in june?
We're gonna save the world tonight
Vans are the best shoes 
S/O to for having the BEST BIO i have seen on TWITTER to date :
Does it matter how many books would be deaccessioned?
Every book has its reader after all.
Very cool, Enjoy your stay!
RT Early Morning at the VA San Diego chillin with the Vets kicking the can!
I love launch days.
My Twitter stream lights up with space goodness.
Where you staying at?
Trying to figure out where to sign my lease at for this fall...
Let me know if/when you want to chat some more.
Good luck to all the Classof2013ers taking the AP Language exam today.
I may be seeing you soon.
At the webbys!
Man I worked like a Hebrew slave today!!
Anymore than most people need to know how to build a house, fix a car, or do their own electrical work
I instantly thought of you when I saw that, I love and miss you medge :
Venturing into the brave, new world of tweeting.
Here goes nothin'.
That Ladi Dadi is SO hot.
rubs ego
I need a fitness trainer.
I need my sexi'er' backASAP!
The Patriot is the saddest and most awesome spot in NyC
NP Armada Weekly Podcast, Episode 72
In a world where folks change careers all the time, and where most don't work in what they majored in, broad education just makes sense.
okay I follow your friend
haha that's sick I'm playing you in NHL later
Cascade Radon's Steve Tucker is on now.
Call in to ask a Q re: radon and be entered to win a free test kit 4179595.
steelers just got
Welcome to the team Keith Simpson, Steven DeLarios Jr., Daniel EspinnozaHernandez, and Molly Wilson!!
Registration is open for IACRL2012!
Will we see you in Oakbrook?
Lock clock work, I get a message that I'm being followed and with one click I follow back ;
anything to keep a smile on my sweety pie
I see, everyone waits until I move away from Seattle to come out here.
/lesigh I can take a hint.
Oh gosh, that just made me laugh out loud!
same!!RT : If i had a british accent i would never stop talking.
To stay or to go...that is the question...
It isn't the size of the gift that matters, but the size of the heart that gives it.
Eileen Elias Freeman
zayn's up early to watch the fight he cute :D
Roads conditions shouldn't be that bad bc temps have been well above freezing for the past few of days.
Grassy surfaces 1st the accumulate
Deleting my twitter so long fellas :
haha nope!
That's one of my friend's websites.
netj training panel got crunched for time but still good takeaways.
Mainly: Your partner orgs WILL want tech training.
Provide it.
Joyride  Roxette.
Radio free Europe rem  goodie two shoes Adam ant come to mind.
;
My 2 high school girls would have laughed had they seen it  thought he  I had gone to school together That's my go to move!
Baby man just stumbled into the bathroom door!
: Huge knot on his head.
It's still amazing!
you earn your own money you can buy things!
I really want a job with animals to ear a bit of money :D
Coming back to Florida anytime soon?
The Sunshine State misses you!
:D
Something tells me we will be in Texas a lot this year.
:
Doing Well!
Have a benefit tonight for clean water in Africa.
Excited to do good and party at the same time!
I'll just hope theres no questions about Spain on the test and that the post exam beer is cold and refreshing.
If I had a gun, I'd probably end up shooting myself in the foot like Shy Ronnie.
i'm not a booty call v.v...
Back to training after an unrestful but solid week off.
Well I meant it's been helping me stay awake today lol : What did you mean?
Used the restroom in a KY gas station.
Now I and my car smell like smoke.
I should've just bought a pack of cigarettes.
When my head phone's are in the script is playin.
great band B
We attempt to be consultants in the field.
They like us, they like our work, but they still create random stuff.
lovin the vibe at the Artisan.
Mo mojito's please
's verse on decatur psalm 
Thanks for the follow!
Has been a long time.
How are you?
Hope all is fabulous.
Hair loss can also be due to certain types of medication, such as blood thinners, birth control pills and antidepressants
...I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet
oh shit...
I'm so crazy..
Like I'm that important..
Smdh..
Lmao
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Sad, but the religious imagery makes me wonder if we'll see a CeeLo Madonna wardoctorbe malfunction.
need any cover art for your songs?...give me a chance to be seen!
How does my room get so messing and I feel like I just cleaned it yesterday!
I swear it looks like a tornado went through it !!:
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together  Woodoctorw T.
Wilson
cellulite treatment is work...
Here comes the rain.
A thing is a hole in a thing it is not.
Carl Andoctor, via Deborah Stratman
few members of  divineadonia will be in the building
julia's rockin' the skinny jeans at 67.
Confirmed, thanks for the updates!
Jakes twitter that he had before is back!!!!
Jordan Meyer
Starting a cleanse tomorrow.
Eating Girl Scout cookies for breakfast today.
ThingsMyExSaid we will be together forever i love you
I think people wanted Docs to look more like Word
did you use the pack of cards as a portion model?
Fear is not a problem.
Wisdom comes through suffering and wisdom comes through acceptance.
Whatsoever the case, be at ease with it.
Either one of the most fun or one of the weirdest nights I've ever had.
Seriously wtf happened?
shut your mouth.
I have a serious problem with the fact that friday, I'm in love is never actually played on a friday.
When you accidentally put yew instead of yee....
With impressive bathrooms that indicate one's hipness.
HOT JOB!!!
Senior BizTalk Developer in Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Hmm what to watch now..
Cisco Updates Mobile Ready Net Portfolio 5900 Series Embedded Services Routers ...
MarketWatch
I wouldn't classify myself as afraid of flying, or fearful, but extremely nervous when on a plane.
WJZ cut away from Epic Orioles game to show Michael Phelps?
Did he win?
You mean it was a story and not a race?
Extending the VSTGUI a bit...
You can do anything, but not everything.
David Allen via
This is GREAT:
It's funny how when someone gets 15mins of fame on reality tv, suddenly u have everyone claiming to be their best friends lol.
My one childhood hero who taught me to keep on rolling through life.
Thank you Kenny Kawaguchi.
It's 64 in Charlotte and I'm cold watching Nanny Mc Phee
Just recaulked the bathtubthis is what my Friday nights have come to.
Sigh...
....But most importantly S/O to CHICAGO
Thanks for the retweets
Want an excuse to shop for sweet vintage while picking up your summer issue of C.L.A.P.?
Check out the sale this weekend!
DASER Borgia One could argue that female bowerbirds are assessing males based on their intelligence.
finally home.
im dead.
It's amazing how some people build their own self esteem by pointing out flaws in other people.
LOL
Hyperbole much, AmericanIdol judges?
She gets it on like the Easter bunny.
Thanks!!
It's for Ogilvy's latest Create or Else competition.
If we win, we go to Cannes Lions to blog about it!
me too usually do but wanted to c what happened if ppl had to say what they felt instead of asking what weintended
Love you girl lol
You know Doug Haddix?
My husband worked with him at UPI.
All I need are blue waffles..
Good Morning, I AM READY!!!!!
1.
Looking for an Agent to help me get my career to a whole new Level.
2.
Publisher for my new book.
3.
Publi
thanks for the
10ThingsThatAreAttractive redeeming qualities like reasonably prominent rear sections, blue eyes, and clouded judgement.
she might ride the short yellow bus and sit in the last seat at the back..Imjustsaying clear her mind, Rolf
: Awesome job, Abby!
Yessir.
The one and only
hey dear.
I need your email.
There is something I need to send you.
Send on FB.
Pray all is well.
A lot of people in LA seem to keep score, who is ahead, who is behind....
a lot of people in LA are unhappy.
was supposed to go skiing today but it was only 1 degree :P soo we layed in bed all day like a bunch of bums:
I've always thought that if your customers hate you, you're in trouble!
Noticed how Groupon is hated in London/EU
Just got in the van with Ben Baily from cash cab!
Won 80 in movie credits!
u stay goin out of town
I agree 100.
and as awesome of a match Punk vs.
Jericho is going to be, I have a feeling that will be opening Mania sadly
well I just got this because my phone was being a piece of crap...
Sorry 
For a writing contest that I won 1st place in I wrote about how HOTTN relates to me :
HAHA!
you need to live close with all your damn brilliant ideas!!
hahaha good morning Jill :
I JUST PIERCED MY EARS BY MYSELF!!
Over 2,100 new people are gonna find out about the 412 Kid wednesday night.
We just did a collab with him today !
Get ready !
What's your favorite golf book?
spent 10 seconds reading that tweet.
TMI.
I overheard someone call me white devil.
Well, apparently THAT still gets SAID?!
that looks like a spider Kelly's BM...
Check out/follow a new avant garde writing project by the biggest assholes on the internet
You suck.
park to Roc do you know a girl named Siarra lee or any of you?
nice!
is the muhfuckin man!!!
lol my bad
thank ya sista!!
I wish you could be there!
im gonna be up all night
My mom's yelling at me for the way I'm dieting, when really I've learned everything from her.
so proud of my client.
she went to a work gathering and stuck to the 5 1 plan!!!
Way to stay committed to reach your weight loss goal!!!
As a break from packing looked at some ReadingStreet materials to begin to get a handle on things
Idaho animal cruelty ballot initiative comes up short
I want leopard print tattoo on my thigh but everybody got that shit now .
Free Birthday Party Friday!
Fling Friday!
We love Friday!
Text ENVY to 46786 to get tonight's FREE COVER password :
Son of a bitch...this brings up closer to SoS coming back to KC, doesn't it?
We're off the bus line!
Stop in and see us!
No appointment necessary!
:D
I swear I'm so tire I can't the difference from left to right lol
No way!
hahaha I gotta check that out.
Do you have a link?
Me and Mum are deff jammin' to GYC.
Aha.
:D
new punk'd ...lets see if its gonna be good
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Slaughter on the service road
And now...The Washington DC phonebook.
Bullshit to what?
I'm lost.
And gotta go, kids are home.
Hahaha just got mad at me because of what I wrote in his year book last year 'and maybe we can hangout, but probably not'.
Oops
Cust knocks in 1!
Still no outs, runners on corners.
We all can be great because we all can serve.
Martin Luther King, Jr
Christine is such a BITCH!
Lmao I Love Her!!
just asked us a great question and we're curious to know your response to it...why is art important to you?

RT : and just went fucking HAM.
And Barrera points out that even those aren't certain, they will just be discussed.
Wait...so if your birthday is on leap year you only get a birthday once very four years??
Can't sleep
My parents always told me not to doctornk and doctorve.The other day I was riding my bike while doctornking a juice box.I felt pretty dangerous!
I told one artist already but i u
With success comes allllotttttta haters.
Nothing short of ironic; I think my bolt bus was just hit by lightning.
Maybe that will reset the wifi?
she can fuck wit who ever she want she aint goin no where...she gon always be mine
For over 4,000 years, invoice factoring has been a simple business transaction that gives you cash when your company needs it.
Hey Creative Company  thanks for following StoryFirst!
We love your love of telling stories.
Hope 2 tell some w/ you soon!
lol.
Why did squeakers block you?
Back after a few days of vacation!
You will see a new face on the morning team.
Let's all watch and give a nice welcome.
FTW, thank you DC  RT : Welcome !
Tickets now SOLD OUT 4th year in a row for DC's largest NYE Bash.
Congrats!
If you need help getting insurance quotes to close the deal, we'd love to work with you  your clients.
Bartending at Infusion Lounge in San Fran tonight.
Stop by and say hi!
We have a Men in Black show coming this season!
We're saving Six Million Dollar Man for another Retro Month.
I follow your logic about cheap fares and poor service, but how do you see transparency and civil rights conflicting?
Nobody texts me back?
Okay cool.
Mondayitits....getting ready for the day
Green scores!!!!!
hahahahaha wonder who did that!
Saw a treadmill  walmart as a Valentines display w/ a balloon that said I love you on it.
Which really means I love you but you're fat.
And I can't believe I haven't added your blog to my RSS feed.
Fixing that right now.
Where at?
that's so awesome.
I miss Green Bay a lot.
Much better pace of life, etc there.
it's only edible with vast quantities of maror  and you know how cats react to maror!
You are just annoying.
And I'm not cute with you.
That's weird...
is giving Twitter another try.
We'll see!
awesome, thanks a lot.
See you there around 7
FOLLOW ME BACK: 34
Great day.
Plus, I'm seein tonight in MKE // only issue: I can't find my Oasis tshirt.
Either way, GREAT day.
Throw in the towel already.
We're watching bridesmaids.
you'remissingit
Have you gotten your TdaP vaccination yet?
The shot you got as a baby won't cover you know.
Whooping Cough is awful.
Get the shot!
middleschoolmemories....Happy crack was the COOLEST : : :
Thank you for your invaluable contribution in evoking the iconic image that's lasted 50 years.
how is it going?!?
That's when I get my retest, right?
Right?
Cold here in Pittsburgh.
Need some tropical sunshine!
really?
cool beans!
and you should already know
o well it shld last maybe they need a new battery
Hi, Guys how can buy some netspend cards for me and send them to europe...
effort  payment : email me at
i watched gonzaga a few times and they werent nearly this impressive.
But it is WVU lol so i dont know what i was thinking
Erpenbach, Kiefer, Maniaci at Madison Barrett party.
Salsa dancers occupying other half of the room.
that's good!
you are very welcome!
;
omg so weird I was jus about to tweet the same exact thing I teared up 
Do antibiotics in animals hurt humans?
The body's ability to repair and regenerate itself is nothing short of miraculous.
And it starts with the breath.
Jaguar to invest 200 million in FType production at Castle Bromwich  Cars UK
pretty sure im sick more often than im healthy
hahaha this class is a joke.
keep kicking ass and taking names.
Life is a beautiful ride, people come and go but finding yourself is worth it!
I think flipping is too often portrayed as hard for instructors, easy/desirable for STs.
Many STs will passively/actively resist.
Sex ain't better than Love on Repeat...
Exceptions for head tho Right??
Love ya...
:p
Gotta do me.
great first day besides not wearing my boots
he prays we all die and who is answering his prayers
AMEN!!!!
Love it
Oh, Joba...we hardly knew ye...
integrity .
.
.
and a lack of tolerance for bull sht :D
you deleted your fb is it cuz of them bitchsss on your dick?
Monica ..
You so right.
Agree!
Thank you!
: announcing new app at epatcon.
: P.S.
For fantasy soccer I can only have 12 Sporting players...
so.
Any help on my forwards?
Please?
Le Toux at Van
haha I've actually thought of doing that, too.
I'm starting a petition to stop the sale and usage/misusage of lace front wigs.
I hope you all will support the cause.
Thank you kindly.
My dad just said that the ding of emails loading on my phone sounds like old department store bell
The first sign that your GF is about to break up with you, she starts hitting the gym like it's a parttime job.
Good Morning!
We hope everyone has a productive Wednesday!
With Aaron Beam at the IIA Spring Conference focused on fraud and ethics.
Beam is the cofounder  first CFO of HealthSouth.
about to knock out!
story of my life !
Caught in the Web: Decent Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Im not sure if you can buy them yet.
I have a ticket dude who can get them when they are out tho.
Don't worry, we'll be there.
Told 2 me by shoeshine man: I can tell ur parents were bumblebees cause look  the honey they made!
anytime one wants to do a quick sync and get outta the house, itunes syncing becomes itunes stinking
really?
omg.
where'd you hear that?
is it harder to pitch a no no with 75 people in attendence then a packed house.
At least when u do rehab.
Assign people be ther
My husband tells me I need a new baking sheet for Christmas.
This one's starting to look like a Nine Inch Nails album.
The only real training for leadership is leadership.
Antony Jay
Just when I was thinking about breaking into the business.
Thanks for the heads up!
I am so excited
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home, and never, ever be both.
David Brown
I dont think so.
I think his current personality has more to do with the lack of attention from parents.
Check out Pew report on battlefield energy at truman project .org
Seth Greenberg is at the next table to me right now
good luck tomorrow!
Good morning friends many thanks for coming to the grand opening of Taste  Toast Thursdays last night!
Three words: sense of entitlement
Woah just mowed the lawn for first time looks like a golf corse lol yay me
you've brought this on yourself to be honest.
I'm this is weird but like the smell of fresh grass Omg.
Lols.
I may be single but I'm not available and not looking.
I'm happy without a guy in my life :
Thanks for the follow!
Working toward a great cause.
How close are you to Iowa?
oh...that's sad.
Like having a child with phobias and there's nothing you can do to help.
Sorry..hope it lets up soon
Just registered for BlogathonATX!!!
See you Saturday!
Giveaway!
We have a movie pass for a preview showing of American Reunion on 4/3 at Cottonwood  DM me to win!
Must pick up at the store.
Would u pay a higher price for a service and/or product that comes from a biz that gives exceptional customer service?
I thought it was clever!
Haha RT : More ppl got my joke on Facebook than here.
So...
you sit there and think about that, Twitter
happy birthday!
because some Haitians are mixed w Dominican like my family .
Dominicans and Haitians are usually close to each other
Chilling  tweeting guess u can call it tweechillin haha
Come on by when you get some time...were open till 3am wedsat
Next Wednesday: Paul Frog Murphy and Craig Suerth return to for a night of classic  rare power pop, glam,  garage punk!
rephrasing....
is ace!
hahaha!
everlasting gobstopper; I like candy a lot and Willy Wonka is my alltime favorite movie.
you scared me half to death!!
I was like if you would have deleated your twitter my life would have been over!!!
: I love you
do you want to test out my follow button to see if it works?;
40 degrees and rain in DC.
St.
Pete is looking so good!
ask her to show you her conga.
I guess you're right.
Lebron James had a lot of haters last night.
does she?
Had to switch between InDesign and twitter  but coming away inspired.
ArtHour is on my calendar cc
We heart you to
FF Great folks to
this is officially a formal picture request .
I must 
yea I seen what happend lol..
I was like 
Coming up tea with friends at Satoria Tea Bar in downtown San Jose!
I hope you do get ahold me I'd really enjoy hanging out with ya!
I was sad you weren't at all good!
Lebron got his shit put of the glass
Uhh , i just broke up with my GF, thats sad.
thanks for the great hospitality tonight for the EdUI reception.
Great food  doctornk.
Great folks.
Cool space.
sad I have to always come to FB when u be.
Well u lol.
Grrr
so much anger
Hi there  sorry I missed this tweet..happy to answer questions.
Send me a dm.
But FYI I no longer work there.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A gift to a spouse is separate property if she can prove to whom the gift was given.
Save your gift card!
Reduce your prolonged sitting time and increase your physical activity.
Businesses can contact us to set up dealer accounts!
Ask for Jamie to work out a deal.
www.darksideshields.com!
I honestly believe that the city of Brookpark doesn't own one snow plow.
Congrats on the Job offer!
Lets celebrate soon.
Yes, you should stop by soon!
Book a staycation or just come by for a great meal Can't wait to see you.
Doing the stage management for Just The Funny Friday night shows!
Get ready to laugh so hard your belly hurts!
Going to sleep early 
One makes me fat and the other is scarce.
Bitch ass niggas Are my motivation...they put that feelin in ya gut to just shit on em!.
I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
Marsha Doble Make sure to check out our 5:45am...

Mother Nature
Catherine Snow, Harvard GSE, literate practices are more complex than we realize
Weird.
TextMate installed the mate command at /.rvm/rubies/jruby1.6.2/bin/  so switching rubies was making the mate command disappear
Pat O'Briens in St Clair Shores, come!
Was up
i can't believe I'm letting use my netflix for free so he can watch jersey shore
It's hot up in here.
Newts supporters are on fire.
GoDucks is music to my ears.
taking a break from studying tonight libr283 libr228 SJSUSLIS indulging in socialmedia, might try out Google
Truth : When you tell the truth it becomes a part of your past.
When you tell a lie it becomes a part of your future
It will be interesting to see what kind of extension boards people glom onto the GPIO port.
Next job: stackability!
JJ sacpop fly to center brings home another run, 50 still bottom of 2nd.
There's already a database with some info on printers/publishers.
can't remember name of it
This is news I like!
There was a gameshow on House MD  is this exactly.
Bring on the results or bust!
I had to haul Wiki/crate to ticketing, which was a pain, and then they couldn't put her on flight bc they sent small plane.
Anything you want, it's yours.
They are my power animal, though.
I believe in the imagination.
What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
Duane Michals
My prayers are with Rev.
Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy  his mother's funeral on tomorrow.
Did I need to download four CDs worth of the Revolver recording sessions?
No.
Did I do it anyway?
You're goddamn right I did.
likewise!
great meeting everybody, see ya next week!
thanks J!!
Thanks for the retweet!
pfft..
that's not new.
David Caruso has been using that stuff on CSI: Miami for YEARS...
Happy Birthday Bianca !
:
Last Day Of School is trending  I have like 5 weeks left.
:
I wish my mom would let me get my nails done too.
sadtweet :
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!
Finally got some sunshine here in Indy.
Gotta be the worst place for weather for those of us who like palm trees  sunshine!
lol who's Bert?
And what's the Pigeon song?
: What the pay rates differentlol yeah guess u can say that
Love for self is as necessary as the air that we breath.
Can't live without it!
I don't know about up yet, but excited for the retreat!
At walmart watching fireworks....
I use a free google voice style number every time anything asks for my number cuz people are stalkers :/
I am so blessed to have such wonderful clients.
My family portrait session today was so awesome!
Metrosexual black Abraham Lincoln.
Yup!
Vote for him.
He'll keep the union together and free for ALL!
Loose TX and I'm down.
Consider having your book club meet at the store!
Call for details.
Whats the difference between a MUM and a MOM!
Happy Mother's Day UK MUM'S!
Yep!
Crate  Barrel and Bed, Bath, and Beyond.
:
HAPPY NEW YEAR to You  Yours Around the World!
By the by,  Kathy Griffin were GR8 as ALWAYS!
God Bless!
doctorxel/UMass NIT game being played like a NCAA Final Four game.
Without the Dome.
HIRING TAMPA ST PETE ACCOUNTING searching for Corp Tax professorssional candidate for Fortune 500
blazing fast answers ...
winner is GoDCer with correct answer Teresa Sprinkle
Gary gave me a high five cause of that!
God that's awesome.
I'm actually quite excited about this.
I've decide tomorrow I'm gonna wake up dead :P
Step team killed the stage!!
stepshow  stay tuned for the number to vote us for People's Choice
Ah!
This day is amazing!!
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Jimi Hendoctorx
agreed.
We've got chatting to do.
Will bug ya on the cellular soon
no problem now hit that follow button P just kidding.
You a Chelsea fan?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Have you ever had a small bug on your computer screen and your first reaction is to scare it with your cursor?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery  Coffee House neighborhood store.
Waiting for Godot at the Taper in LA.
Great cast.
Great production.
Just got my first simultaneous disclosure on a med mal death case.I will keep y'all posted on the experiment.
So hollywood ran out of ideas and made a movie about a game.
What's next Chutes and Ladders?
That's a goal!
Boo!
The jumpsuit was way better.
aww we missed you to boo boo
Today, a Sixth Grader reflects on something that's awfully contagious.
In his words.
Stay tuned to find out what he learned today.
NOTTEFRIDAYS 125 bottles of patron.
125 bottles of goose.
Both come w/ bottle of champagne.
7 tall goose mixers.
7 tall patron mixers.
Advertisement: Have you taken political positions that are going to be inconvenient in the future?
Don't worry, just get a ETCHASKETCH!
will you please follow me??:
getting in from where?...lol...well I hope you had fun though, and that was sweet of you to reply 
Really irks me when all of the women in a history book are referred to by their first namesand all the men by their last.
Ah, booing the call, but he did, by your account, flop.
Interesting.
Tell me more.
We're going to see BigTimeRush tonight at Universal Orlando.
Come enjoy MardiGras with us.
and happy Tebowing too!
may i get a CCP code?
I'm home , have nothing to do ,  no plans for tonight.
BestFriday .
RAW TimeToPlayTheGame hell yeah!!
Dear Big Time Rush I already didn't like that your name was like theirs but then you have to fucking steal 's song?!
FUCK YOU!
It ain't easy being blue.
hanging with Matt Reilly today 4PM8PM at South By San Jose, S.
Congress.
Counting the days down for school to be OVER.
I cant take this environment too much longer.
can you pretty please follow me?
xoxoxoxo
great one
Love it!
Nice shot.
What did you ended up doing in KL?
def 7030, your favor.
I'm a diy bride, I don't need no Harry potter mag to style my wedding like the great hall.
RT if you gotta.
RT if you like it.
RT if you just don't care.
I am a conservative Christian with a BS in Zoology and over 8 yrs as a chemist you majored in English?
dude I seen you guys once.
One of the best bands I've ever seen.
I get most of my energy late around this time...
bad timing..
when nothin is goin on either lol
Cech is with the Biofrontiers Institute at the University of Colorado
Well, hello.
I'm glad you came.
Some people need to mind their business and stay out of mine plain and simple.
I love listening to One Direction's music.
It's soo soothing :
I've been to one!
It's called summer doctorve ins in Memphis!
letsgo ;
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
MUST SEE THIS MOVIE!
Winnebago man is hilarious, I guess there is nothing new under the sun.
He elevates cursing to an art form
lolol the smell coming out they nostrils..
Is there a recipe somewhere?
Kaleigh ripped her vagina in half.....
Hate working so hard for something just to find out its a piece of shit once you finally get it
its okay leon your still awsome awsome any way
haha thanks!
Let's catch up soon.
I miss you sister!
I have a random list of 80's songs stuck in my head...
ThatsWhatIHate when ppl lie for no reason
Cant be nice to rachet ppl
like Tim, you better brush up on your theology, learn some culture, and wipe that smile off your place ...
Cigarroa: Addition of med school will enhance UT Austin's reputation across nation.
Expands research, commercialization.
Hey!
You're going to the MG?
Need to make a lil more money tho
Socalled journalist sites unfair MD law as though it were an academic journal
That's true.
The internet loves cats.
Just wanna say I really enjoy How Much?
makes me laugh every time.
Luetge, he must be from Ballard.
alright see ya there
Ohhhohhhhoh new Twilight Sad single, just in time for winter.
It's almost dark at 4:50 and my innards are melting.
Where's the preseason love for Butler?
18th?
They went to the NCAA Championship game last year!
Come on!
day off..
no rehearsals.
yee
great to finally meet you in person Diahann
fight on
God Morning 
The 27th of May :
Ah!
I love Scholium Project!!!!
Every restaurant needs them on their wine list.
me too!
Sorry it took so long go me to reply!
Screw Anderson's objectives man t
Nice meeting you last night, email buddy!
bring a couple over here :
this isn't coherent by British standards either?
:
YEAH THAT'S ME :
my phone keen ramps at school.
Im collecting it this month :P mestilah rindu!!
: somebody threw BBQ sauce on my dads car...
LMAOOOOO i'm dying
At least Baseball season opened up today  the BoSox lost, that at least is some consolation for Maccabi loss
Well, The Avengers already has one slot, so...
and why did you take your clothes off at the Colab?
Leadership on the PREVENTIVE side of this health crisis affecting millions of our young people in the name of sport is shameful.
: Vegas fans: Our new store at opens tomorrow morning.
Come join us to celebrate!
Good luck guys!!!!!!!
Num good choices!
Yes the sesame noodles are fantastic!
Columbus people we had better see all of you at this show tomorrow!
Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Come Wind,  more!
Museum mobile apps  students: how do we best engage their 'lunchroom' conversation and incorporate?
Anyone doing this?
examples?
just got in, meh night..
O Bar and kitchen, went to the Perch that just opened and then the vip or whatev uptop pretty lameish
2.
Stevie Ray Vaughn  Ain't Gone 'n' Give up on love
Had a fantastic weekend with all our fantastic Boston friends!
It was exhaustingly fun!
who tryin to hoop?
WordPress question: What's your favorite social sharing plugin?
Add to Any?
Shareaholic?
other?
: The most annoying thing?
A good looking person with a huge ego.
WSU research summit: Like Erica Austin's comments on the value of getting to know one another, awareness of value of research done at WSU
yes.
Jake started Woodjock in 2010 during spring training
Some computer models are suggesting widespread 35 rain amounts for NYC this weekend.
Not going that high yet.
2012 rainfall deficit: 69
check livlab email for note from me at betterexperience
was AMAZING!
hardly anyone can sing that song and she nailed it
i know...people are mean to me and thats what happens haha
just found you on youtube...
so i converted your videos and you're now on my ipod.
my sister wore the cutest shirt today i was like can i have that
Big thanks to , and for their UVa careers.
See you at JPJ tonight.
Damn I've beem sleep almost the whole I've learned my lesson by not kissing my gf anymore when she's sick
Just waking back up with some many test messages about the situation I just let it go cause that's the best thing to do
Let's start the morning off good!!
Jk we can't...
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in loveit's giving your heart to someone else and knowing that they have control
So glad you joined the party RT : Setting sail on the wine cruise with
ik Kobe fans ain't crying now .
nobody be saying nothing when y'all on Lebron sack
your welcome !
:D
seriously ...
men dont make sense
sometimesyouhaveto just let go and move on
First game for SKC already this Saturday?
That snuck up on me.
Was ready to peg her as upper class til realized third seat is broken.
So she is not a heinous crone but still doctorsses too young for her age
RT : Kids play the hero, practice the hero and become the hero
ripping my hair out
yes there is a lot of tweeting
A Harold  Kumar animated show is a huge reminder as to why I didn't miss having television for a couple years.
Yeesh...
Being single is cool till ain't nobody around
gasp shame on u.
But I'm sure Kobe's performance today didn't exactly encourage monogamy!
riots are caused also by regulation of inmate society redistribution of power balances among inmate groups
Yup.
As soon as I finish.
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required PurchaseCashOut Commercial or Investments Contact Milton A.
Zaiontz I 2107443030
with your girlfriend or...lol
Oh gosh..
I keep voting fot Ive called at least 20 times..
because he needs to win!!
3
U r truely inspiring!I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce RB music.
Getting ready to get out of school
I hate when girls think they soo hard like bitch yu go to clark who yu post to be scarying lol yu hoes funny..
with 22 points with 12:02 in the half, the Badgers have 6 more points than they managed in the first half of the 1st round loss last yr.
no where.
lmao
Quote of the day: The definition of multitasking is not doing anything particularly well.
Sad, true, and necessary.
really excited to have you joining the team, congrats!
yep..
These 3 hour downloads are crazy though....smh
Crying my eyes out :' sad finale...
come with Blake and Aaron to my house and we can all chill :
That would be your mistake.
Comparing, cause none are alike.
Get it right.
The video won't send ugh  we did pretty good too
How does one become a boxing judge?
I think i could be a great one.
I should look into that
Makeover time.
Planning to make some huge changes!!
Men's Health mag Most Dangerous doctorvers puts Dallas 2.
So unless you're in St.
Louis, believe me when I say EVERYONE HERE SUCKS AT doctorVING!
i like my smile big, my music loud, and my friends weird.
And I'd give up forever to touch you
That watch in person was amazing and the bracelet.
Keep it up brotha looking bad to the bone!!
THURSDAY NIGHT BIKE RIDE  A BEER FORECAST: 77  sunny  the wind will always be at our back!
THIS is the ride you don't want to miss!
But you gained at least 1 ;
Delicious lunch with recommendations from Todd Gray!
You're most welcome!
Had a ball!
Can't wait until next time :
Piggy and Kermet's relationship is bizarre
We are working on our new HTML version of the latest LitFuse Design site.
It is looking crazy...
is it possible to look a little too crazy?
who is this kid, a fucking morlock?
why is he so comfortable in new york's sewers?
thanks 4the followback!
if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet!
new webstore will be up soon!
enjoy the day!
Pete
Good Morning Milwaukee!
Weather forecast calls for 68 inches tomorrow.
Time to find your snow brush!
Of course bro
of course.
Jeremy  Bonnie!
Tonight sucked.
GoTribe You guys keep me updated on the game, heading back from break right now.
I'd love to find a company that would provide an RV  sponsor Pixie and I to Tweet across America.
Trying to buy the Brew Fest ticket, but the server keeps bumping me out!
Enjoy kayaking 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
thank I stay in Columbus ga n that was my 1st shoot
cat daddy!
How's life!?
Always classy Jason Whitlock, folks!
Mom's day is almost here, make her giggle and treat her to a Little Ped.pal foot scrubby called Bubble Butt buy any 2, get one free
Obama on gay marriage Obama is DESPRETE for votes there is no good here, just greed.
If there was he should have spoken up from the GET GO!
Who has the best rates for pics?
Need a new
Nice meeting you girls!
Hope to see you soon!
First inning and the teams are already rowdy
going to the doctors tomorrow
I got into bottlenose this morning and their sonar system remind me of ripples in G but helps sort topics in your social streams.
NEAT!
Listening to I Hate College on repeat while studying.
Seems ethical.
I agree about the fouls...
I don't get why the refs let so many flagrant fouls get by them..
I CANT FOR
how is it bad news bears?
Thanks : So excited!
time waits for no one
Belated TY for following me.
I thought for sure I was following you back!
How's it that I just see that I ain't, pomelohead?!!!
Thirsty niggas uggh fly with that thirst ball shit
America is back
But first you need to do research.
Find out what this business is about and what you have to invest.
Wearing my new faux fur vest today.
It's so unlike anything else I wear  a little scary!
Comet's getting a special treat today!
RT : Today is National Pet Day!
Show your furever friends some Vitamin L!...
: Everyday is one more day up unto the burnout of our beloved Sun  professorssor Stone Love mario
Yeah, why?
you guys are cute.
What was your favorite item on yesterdays menu?
Went to PGE/PSU's electric avenue and came away thinking the volt seems more likeable than the Tesla.
Perhaps J.
Leno is right
Agreed RT : Wow!
Imagine how awesome the Broderick ad would have been if you hadn't seen it coming for a week!
I really appreciate the offer!
Taking a pause to congratulate my old school grass valley homie / neighbor Jason Kidd.
Great job son!
me too
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
and a little clutch purse with some food thing smeared on it 
Be sure to stop by happy hour tonight at 5pm at Brocach on the square!
10 off ScooterCabs fares for Magnet members!!
I have class today and I would so rather be doctorving down to the beach.
ill be home!
What is the histogram trying to show?
You're right to ring alarm bells for log scales; they make comparisons risky.
what up with his wrist?
MXMAS Bro!
put up some new songs
This week went by so fast.
RIP Fullhouse.
May you live as long as the Olsen twins, I guess.
Even though we could all learn a lot from Mary Kate.

No need to change brother...just keep on doing you...and let everyone else realize what they are missing!
Glad you liked the worldslargest Photo
i follow may i have his fan skype ?
thanks
with space exploration becoming so popular, how do you feel about letting me..letting me..
I can't say that!
If me and spend more than two days apart you know there is a 3 hour talk coming!
NYT/WSJ/NPR all report Chen being offered 'same as any citizen' options as positive.
Seems a clear rejection of special diplomatic status.
I just need a green shirt for work tomorrow!!!!:
another great doctorft for the pack
8th grade girl in Crypt of the US Capitol: I feel so holy standing here!
Why did we decide to stay up late on spring forward night?
Thinkin bout cuttin my hair today
Bummer....Sometimes things don't go the way you want them go.
That's life!
I can't wait for tonight gonna get rowdy!
Lots of pics!
WE ARE STRONG, BUT WE DON'T BELONG.
NP: Nine Inch Nails  Every Day is Exactly the Same oO
If you buy honey and it's not in a bear container, legally it shouldn't be considered honey.
is he good?
what's wrong?
I REALLY GRIND!
IM THE MAN WITH THE CAM..LOL
Happy FF to our newest followers!
idol WTF IS THIS!!!
Finished with her very first day ever of shooting a television pilot.
Two more long days of shooting ahead, so time to rest up!!
Got patron on the rocks and i dnt give a fuckk :.
McCartney...well, that's nice that they gave Betty White some eye candy
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I have alzheimers...
hey I just met you
Stephen's now
i know i am too
thanks Julia!
I really appreciate your feedback!
Tell all your friends!
You can download it for free there!
Did you?
;D
Burn bridges  buy a boat...
going to MLW?
awesome!
look forward to seeing u, but I'll warn u in advance I'll primarily refer to you by your twitter handle :
How bout The Departed on fx.
There goes my afternoon
u would sit in a corner and cry.
STAY OUT OF MY INDIVIDUAL MAN DATES.
Let me eat frozen pizza and watch Big Bang Theory with my cat w/o government intervention.
4 excites the hell out of me!
Ah damn Martin voice lol
gop says they're prolife from conception to natural death.
Unless ur THEM then they want to blow u to kingdm come.
NDAA makes US mayb THEM
I want it all back .
Agreed.
Never a smile and helmet hair the rest of the day.
Lighting equipment stolen...
Praying for our soft boxes : 
i can't i got some mad homework to do, i will tomorrow
There are 10 two for one tickets for our charity pub crawl for 35 at !!
A 15 discount!
well since you said Boston I take it all back : lol...he want OKC to win the whole thing, i want Boston...
u?
two hands on the back?
Got to make that call......just saying!
even though isnt answering me, it better be known that shes mine tomorrow afternoon
I miss you too...
Join World Health Day Twitter chat this 2 April.
Well talk about ageing and health.
Use hashtag
Past 48 hours  stolen iPhone; 12 hour flight delay and lost luggage.
We're here and ready for CHIchat!
tomorrow night's wine tasting will feature Yarraman's Hell Raiser and Barn Buster, available at BullFish.
I love looking at what the extras are doing in the background when I watch a tv show.
Sometimes they're so extra.
Lol.
le petite fleur!
see you at the station at 9:40am?
I saw you last night outside of the vogue !!!
Craving naan and curry
awesome!
Glad I could bring a bit of excitement to your day.
There's real people in those big big trucks.
Rewatching Friday Night Lights.
It's so good I can barely take it.
Will definitely consider it.
:
Covering 'Embers' for our next show.
thinking 'Where is Our Love Going' might be next up.
Couldn't agree more.
It's double speak from the state.
Move towards CC but be held accountable for the MSC.
: They now make a 2 person Snuggie.
That is an epic dutch oven waiting to happen.
haha
The greatest unexplored territory in the world is the space between the ears.
Bill O'Brien
Apparently it's German Day at Miller Park.
Both Brewers and Pirates have Deutscher uniforms.
So thankful for this week it's going to be adjustment going back to work Mon.
:
Filming and wifey!!!!
Latinas even make payphones look good : You go girl!
I personally know Joe and have been on speaking circuits with him.
He has a very keen persective.
Wonderful Article!
I feel like im floatin im floatin im falling I feel like i love you i love you im on it
very true.
maybe some of us only want lustful men ;
Those who fall should be laughed at
Lol  what are you talking about??
I never took you nutella...
I think you have me confused with lol
Supply of substandard seeds is punishable under Consumer Act
yeah not too bad.
Makes choosing the best a lot easier.
I shot a LOT more when I was shooting digital.
A LOT more.
come watch it with us at 's house.
We're having a watch party with Dont be lame.
: They HAVE had student events trend.
ack the horror!
I suppose holding a puppy is my tebowing...
TJ is having shots of Natty Ice lolz
attcaddiecall Caddie 4 Masters Champ  Pebble?
Bucket list / religious experience rolled into 1!
Can I go to sleep now?
Win Tickets to Tech N9ne NOW on Kiss 97.3 on the Interactive 7  7 Countdown!
Lesson of the day: Don't run from fear, stare at it.
What is it telling you or asking you?
Eric Olson BSR speaking re sustainability and CSR trends
signing up for Spotify.
Lookup: 1 using a proxy for desktop account, 2 changing country settings on iTunes for mobile app.
Everybody has that one friend who resembles a turtle.
thank you too!
its good to meet you on here ; 
A workout and a hot bath later, and I feel considerably better.
Amazing how that works.
heh.
Global Sex trafficking is more professortable than trafficking guns or doctorgs.
Spread the Word
KFC and Taco Bell conjoined restaurant.
Neil has me using that and I love the combo
heck yea the Tigers.
Coming to Columbia for Baseball place will be cranking do u have tickets
couldnt sleep.
watched movies all night.
will watch movies all day.
I've got to start eating lunch before 5pm
Make sure you're following for your chance to win a FREE GEEBZ shirt.
Details coming soon from
Showers off the the W  S will make there way to RVA overnight.
Expect continual shower activity throughout tomorrow.
Hi 75
better find the bathroom
Who likes Arizona tonight?
sounds like my kinda party.
there might be ladies in tears, and high heels at Little Tony Two Crockpots' opening tonight.
gosh, I hope not!
I could still claim that title for myself...
:
aw thank u love!
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again, don't make me change my mind.
3
You left out the best part : Your face !!!
i one night her u must like her
oh.
i don't think i would like that haha!
i have to go for a bit...
i'll be back in like 1015 min :
Let's go Blackhawks!
I also come across an NMS article just like that today...
U don't care abt public opinion, don't accept SC decision  don't want 2 adhere 2 universal democratic principles ..
What then ?
Ya got ta understand Trick love da kids....Trick love a kids
Tomorrow is my last day at my day job.
I told them to keep the party lowkey.
One BYO omelet bar, a dozen pizzas and a case of Surge will do.
I shoulda bet you double or nothin with the Mavs this year, my man!
dang!
That would be sweet!
I wanted to do promotions for Radio Disney.
It would have been such a great opportunity!
But oh well
RT : High Fructose Corn Syrup is the worst sweetener ever and we are consuming 63 pounds per person on average per year!
Nah you're fine.
I just didn't pay attention at all.
Always gone but never hard to find and since you cant escape me, do I ever cross your mind?
Which neighborhood?
I've just begun apartment hunting and everything is awful, but this tweet gives me a glimmer of hope.
RT : Maybe you are thinking of the rich 1 who live in the very wealthy sections of the eastern end of the island?
Do you think we should all go back to a primal diet?
is so Hipster she hates everything about the
ahaha I'm glad I could make your day.!!:
he deserves more than 4 years
welcome to the cam rellim chronicles
waitress brought us our food the asked if she can get us anything else and I said one thing and her response..I'll try if I have time LOL
If strippers are now called exotic dancers...
Then all doctorg dealers should be referred to as exotic pharmacists.
this chick look jus like someone i used to date.
too glad i got let off work early.
Face so frozen this morning, my mouth wouldn't move when I tried to talk.
So true!
And really, what human is only interested in 1 topic?
Who's got a band we need to hear?
Ready...
Go!
ALSO A STRENGTH
Mayweather takes another round.
Cotto needs a KO if he wants to win, but stamina might be an issue.
Round 12 begins.
Omg, dis bitch.
I need to get the hell outta here.
I said Nike made them..
And I'm pretty sure it's a one time Deal.
He preceded to rant on players leaving early, not graduating
So not only the law but practical economics make it incumbent upon me to continue incorporating mumbojumbo with all my jokes.
Big Hair kid is the winner of the night!!!
There's got to be a football game being played somewhere in the world that i can watch today.
please tell me there is...
You know what, you got me there.
doctor Pepper is awesome.
I'm just not a big fan of Pepsi.
if you can't get things worked out w Fox Sports re: Cardinal's baseball I'm going to switch back to Dish Network or Charter
you know it gmennnn all day and  all in
Been spending a lot of time in the studio churning out new mixes.
Keep an eye out for some sneak previews
THanks for including us in your list!
The IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17!
thanks to you too!!!!
and happy holidays :
Good Morning!
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
John Ruskin
Spent most of the night covering details of the video shoot for this Saturday...
getting pretty excited.
We Love Weekends !
Happy Friday
I sent another poem poetry contest for that what I said before.
Cheer for me!
It was about love.
Excited.
Orioles and Red Sox are playing in the 16th inning.
Wowza!
Happy New Year.
Best wishes for 2011.
Gr8 Idea RT : Im looking to work w/ a local museum on a project to help learning professorssionals better understand curation
Any of y'all know what type of snake this is?
country music scene social media gold.
Wait, what am I talking about?
I've sat through a number of council meetings and am not disgusted by the members.
MADISON ALAMIA.
my definition of perfect.
iw ish he would follow me.
Last thing GOP wants is cheaper college means more go, can't have all them educated folks out there..how would the GOP win?
I've never heard it read aloud.
FeePRAYSEE, with a French R?
surprisingly yes, sounds silly to me
Broke my iPod...well the screen is SO cracked.
''The blessing of the LORD makes a person rich, and he adds no sorrow with it'' Proverbs 10:22 Quotes by DodsonEng
COME ON BROXTON
done your turn!
On my journey home my new handbook coming our soon!
Guiding the C/G thru a end of life event!
I'm just curious.
What would your alterego be, if you had one?
Last one: Why is Portland ME better than Portland OR?
:
good work DC
Leaving Santa Fe this a.m.
having been asked to be a mentor at NALIP's Latino Producers Academy.
What a great group of people!!!
ADDICTED to that song.
My phone battery died way too quick today..
I've been enjoying your fashion insight and corresponding links a lot lately!
Keep it up!
That's about the size of it!
:
5 MORE DAYS TILL FOREVER KNOW IS RELEASED!!!
Playing at manifest today with :00 at the main tent  6:00 at the stage next to 623 s wabash.
Victoria Grayson and Cersei Lannister should totally form a Life Ruiners Club.
I had to doctorp him like a bad habit years ago.
currently at 12th/porter listening to Gregory alan isakov, looking forward to seeing you tomorrow night
Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting.
When Pres.
Jackson was asked why he named James Buchanan minister to Russia he said: It was as far as I could send him out of my sight.
Mastering Mah'Lo Bese's new 21song Mixtape CD today with CD Text.
We'll submit it to Gracenote to.
So you look good
Boutta go hide in the closet, its thunderin!!
Ive been tearing up the whole day thinking about my seniors and how they all getting ready for prom :'/
it hurt to stretch and walk smh
355 a person, round trip through southwest.
There's gotta be cheaper.
Ima keep lookin.
MLB At Bat 12 launches Feb 29.
Surely you know this.
YAY!!!
that would be awsome to meet ya!!!
Public agencies are businesses!
If their books dont balance they stop working and that donest help anyone
good I miss you
keeping it French: The Mesrine films with Vincent Cassel or A Prophet.
RT : Bears on the clock after Dolphins snag Mizzou TE Michael Egnew, who Bears did work on
anyone up for a formspring...?
;o
sounds good man, thanks and will do
The chillest day I've ever had in school
Fuck y'all mad at me fo'?
Y'all don't even know what I been through!
hm...that might have real legs!
Perhaps the most important niche, is people who give a damn.
Connecting them with us is what we need to focus on.
Some people like themselves way to much.
What are you doing today?
I'm going to an Alligator Farm.
I probably win.
Like I don't know that im pathetic.
I'm so sleepy and I have a lot more to do
317 spring break!!
Be responsible.
Means PartyHard, and make sure you don't remember what happened last night!!!!!!!!
I ate too much lunch
Check back with ya'll tomorrow  good night!
I would just like to say thank u for dming my cousin she screamed her lungs out right now lol
I love you 3
Are you listening, United?
Stop separating parents and young childoctorn on flights!
OMG!
I didn't even know you took this of us!
ILikeIt :
: boo you suck!
Is it legal to marry 5 men?
Indiana is strong at every position.
Heat will have to come to play every game.
I see 6 possible 7 game series.
Great series
Make sure and and see that when they wake up!
: RideOrDie ;
love for dance and sports is gorgeous 
My hump day is going AWESOME:o
Yes!
There were about 10 or 12 there with pretty much every type of food you might have a craving for.
My puppy ranger was just spoiled by Noble Coffee  Tea when he as given a cup of whipped cream.
I bet he will want to come back now.
RT : Could work.
RT : Tree of Codes could be an iPhone app.
Shake and new words juxtapose to one another.
can i email you directly.
should totally skype me!?
Lost World of Wonders is officially on Twitter!
Spread the word!
What am I doing with my life right now?
Nothing.
School is almost over and now I'm a lazy ass.
I need to be productive
NC Bound!
Welcome to SC!
Sign me up!
Of course.
RT : Thanks for spreading the word!
I Haven't Seen Him In Forever 3
If you haven't tried them yet here's your chance.
RT : Just tapped all three PCBW collaboration beers.
Everything okay?
:
Answer: Yes, You just turn that little voice inside into a live action for yourself.
Challenge accepted.
:
evening guyshearts;
It's Opening Day at Dodger Stadium!
Baseball season has officially arrived in L.A.!
RT : It's a pleasure and,if there is anything else I can do to help, please do not hesitate to let it me know.Hugs to you!
lol no dear.
smartassness will get you beat up
i didn't mean to but trevor told me to
you my dear are guilty of being insecure with your man.
I love big fat obese women....period.
I have opionions
Wow, i was just thinking this...
Looks promising, doesn't it?
Interested to see how they will present  link the editions
Ignorance is no excuseit's the real thing.
RT : I have so much love to give but it's so hard being someone's girlfriend.
You have to answer your phone all the time nshit.
Me neither but my wife found them interesting so I thought I'd share...
Making me awesome!
and close ups of big sweaty black men.
I'm uncomfortable
sounds about right.
Me too once I get a job haha RT yeah dude!!
Haha ill definitely be there again :
Q2 How responsive are the faculty and students to digital initiatives and collaboration with the library?
doctoraming of my amazing funfetti cupcakes!
Why didn't I bring them to work and
I love when i get on a bus and the bus doctorver is a woman.
Feminist :
WISHTV has confirmed report that Butler deal to Atlantic 10 is done...and will be announced tomorrow.
Pet First Aid Training Can Help Save Animals Life
This is when I realize I do miss you as My boyfriend but it doesn't matter anymore because you've moved on
You know who I miss?
Where did you go?
Why are Ron Artest' shorts so high??
You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures.
Charles C.
Noble
EVERYONE!
will be playing with HE IS WE on july 1st!
whoever wants or needs tickets contact us please!
33
RT : Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
John Wooden
If you want to learn to HOWL, you need to hang with WOLVES.
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
Haha sorry that was kind of mean
Enjoying new castle from the minikeg!
Woo!
Bonfire and now a movie.
Where's
The twisted beauty of this approach is that our outrage becomes proof of his thesis.
Like telling someone they're in denial.
because of the woman on the ad or because you want to get your wife flowers?
you all would be good together.
Niggas who try to GD handshake me 
he finally realizes im here to help him be happy, he finally realizes all i ever wanted was to see him smiling, ily buddy
Watching The Polar Express :
You're welcome!
: I miss you at school l;
Yikes  you mean all the YouTube videos I added to my playlist?
Some are funny, but had no idea they would all be auto tweets.
Despite all those things?
Yep, pretty sure.
Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty sure.
First, create new project.
Pallet on lefthand side with different tools.
?
for more info
All 5,000 emails attended to in one day.
Success!
Watching Thirteen Ghosts.
:O Not my favorite.
Just received an email from a wonderful person that attended a speech I gave this week...I am truly humbled by her kind words.
Thank You!
I'm actually kind of glad to have proof that I'm not over exaggerating when I complain about her.
About to go in this Pappas bbq
The squad right there : Blake, Bryant, Ebanks, HIll and Gasol on the floor to start the OT for LA.
Thank you, I like your concept as well!
bucket list: 1.
make a youtube video that goes viral
Nice try, Austin.
I'll be there EVENTUALLY.
Heading over to the studio to mix first release...should have out by end of week!
ohsnap!
we missed each other by a day  i was looking for lunch yesterday
The next Jeffree Star bitches :3
doctornking alone in my room
Going through ancient paper files.
Achoo!
Ladies, never pull down your pants in front of a polar bear.
They will attack anything that smells like a dying seal.
Fresh croutons for Caesar and a cocoanut bunny cake.
Happy Easter
Keep ForcesOfNature trending so everybody who doesnt play gears can wonder wat it is
My friend got me listening to country ...lol
watching GhostAdventuresFriday!!!
Bad boys bad boys watcha gonna do?
Watcha gonna do when they come for you?!
Features and Opinions
DaneCook is sitting one table away from me.
fuck.
i lost my earring.
RT PracticalSecurityTactics VA scanner ratings stink.
agreed.
Learn your nw and impact of vulns and fix accordingly
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor.
Alexis Carrel
Cool, still in school.
Kids doctorgs are the way, don't stay in school.
Congrats  to you all
Gotta put the support out for my city...memfood headed down with a check!
Tracking bass
RT : wlknalkandlka n THEE GREATEST POST GAME SHOW IN HISTORY
Back in Milwaukee after HOWLive First time attending since Orlando 9 years ago, so that was great.
Wanted to see Cowboys  Aliens but just noticed it got some really bad reviews.
In a world full of Kardashians I'm the Chloe
HIM: 'What is your last name?' ME: 'Brown, like the color.' HIM: 'How do you spell that?
Is that with an 'e'?'
What kind of dirt do the Denver Broncos have on the Colts franchise?
Elway in '83, now Manning.
2 HOF QB's from same org.
doctorftUrOwnHOF'er
louis:harry?
harry:yes?
Louis;she's mine harry:yea but we had that thing going on member, when she invited ...
louis:SHE'S MINE!
just realised that Tuesday doesn't work for me.
Let's text and figure it out.
I am absolutely terrible at getting things done within short windows of time during the day.
yehsuppose snow troubles R small compared 2 trials that so many others face in world.
Stay U, B safe  positve energy ur way
i c wat u did der 
: There is nothing convenient about getting, being or staying Great!
Greatness is about Hard Work!
Listening to the songs on Leonard Cohen's new Cd called Old Ideas...
it just makes me want to keep pushing myself to write better songs...
Mwahahaha le the trolling day begin in my house hole.
:
You are so amazing!
well done  outstanding coverage!
From a guy who never blocked the hydoctornt and always left room for the truck in the front.
Class starts tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting the students!
please email me : Thanks!!
I miss you to!
Am I the only person who hasn't purchasers a megamillions ticket?
I'm actually feeling anxiety about it.
Everyday is another opportunity
wohooo glad you found me sup!!!
last night was a fun dinner and hopefully ill even see you this week.
:
Just sent an email to the president I can't recall having done that before.
If she replies, I'll tweet about it.
truly needs to get rid of the BlackOut rule.
It only hurts the fans, the teams, and the league.
RT if you agree!!!
you know, i like it everywhere.
only had old stuff once ever....
thanks for fallowing!
:
Shooting pool with mike
Check out as he gives us an overview of today's weather on
Might have been a tyme when i loved her
2.
Feature detect to see if X is missing or present.
Another BIG prize from and !
For 200 I'll do a lot of comfy snoozing!
ThinkLikeAMan was HILARIOUS!
This is for the niggers in the suburbs And the white kids with nigger friends who say the nword
Kobe.
That's all there is to say.
What a shot.
download twitter app and tweet is during the second half!
ur twitter one
coke zero.
Thinking cream soda might be a safe choice.
Have a great weekend!
Fer me in my life...
Oh Lunchtime, why didn't you let me know you were in town.
We could of had lunch or something.
sigh
So does five valium and a fifth of vodka!
RT A wellspent day brings happy sleep.
Leonardo da Vinci
ghostchant257 put your game face on myles.
i want ice cream !
its so nice outside !
The session will discuss how delivering effective  actionable content will enhance business, how contextual content delivers better value
such is the life of a graphic designer
yes you are 3
: In revival hell is plundered and heaven is populated.
Without revival, hell is populated .
.
.
period.
for what?!
Matt Buckley comes back to school tommorow.
Ok cool to me it's just a plan old day nothing too get excited over.
Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs...The Writer's Edition...is launching in 5, 4, 3, 2.....
Done with bullshit.
If the SEC championship didn't matter why was it Blue Orleans all week??
I went to goberry yesterday..
thinkingofyou and
sorry, I was being sarcastic, but no room left for sarcasm!
Who is talkin about?
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Yeah those wings did some serious damage.
Beside being the responsible thing to do, Neutering doctormatically reduces a cat's territorial demand, due to decreased testosterone....
I'm glad!
Starting to think that tweets have more exclamation points per word than any other form of writing.
Weird!
Way to break out of the slump Betancourt
hey sean i love your work i love you get better soon!!
Late start but INB4 Sessions is now LIVE on Freqbase!
Golf ball size hail in Germantown reported by trained spotters.
On a shoot.
The coffee is good.
He's doing great.
He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
: SO good to be back!
AND THESE PANTS LOOK FABULOOUUUUUUUUUUSSSSS
homo tweet
Sweet!
Thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
gphdoctorams panelists rock!
love!!!
Just finished doing the Playboy Morning Show with Andoctora and Kevin.
Had so much fun!
End of the first quarter, score tied 77.
Watching Victorious
Thanks for the RT!
Sebastian Inlet is awesome.
:
seems like cat's out of the bag ...
are the board members going to speak up?
see you in a bit
Hahahahahaha I love you
Fuck the derby its all bout cinco de mayo
Andoctorid game CandySwipe now has a Chinese language version available in China!
Just got a great free cab ride with Johnny!
great meeting you today!
Cant wait til the event in June!
Sorry, Star Wars Holiday Special.
Because a long time ago they declared a star war on Christmas.
Their lack of faith is disturbing.
etc.
thank you:
The 12 Bar Blues tune 'Kansas City' sung over and over.
I'm up cause I'm doing homework ....
this is a sacrifice :/
is the reissue gonna have the same DVD Danny Todd made?
Or is it gonna be a different one?
Trending: IfYouOnlyKnew how much I MiSS you..xoxoxo
needs to put his considerable wealth where his considerable mouth is and run for President, but he doesn't have the balls
Hi all!!
we want to see u there, superwoman!RT Good 4 u!
RT Nothing like morning fitness at the beach!
I'm your biggest fan.
As you know.
See ya soon hopefully!
Welp my bracket is officially fucked.
Just got off from makin that good ole over time....
Tired as fuck...
But gotta love it
hosting Punk'd unf
Goodnight Everyone :
She's gotta be pregnant with this attitude...
Dollar menu, I'm sure.
RT : What did they eat?!
RT : Bowlen and Ellis are back from lunch.
For work only?
Yeah right!!!!
: Good to know.
I'll let you tell Menger, lol.
they needed the all star break
I cannot blame you there
Had a great presentation today at DesignDC!
Thanks to everyone who participated!
Ah!
I've got Adblock on.
Geekscape does have some ads.
But it's a great site with wonderful content.
I'll let 'em know!
why is lake ave blocked?
Tons of cops.
Near Lyell
yup.
Around 22
later on you need to get yours on.
When I hear childoctorn screaming in stores I challenge their parents to a fist fight for their child's soul.
Up early for my cousin's baby shower.
It is acceptable only because her and her husband have been in love since middle school.
My neighborhood has changed so much through the years!
Visiting Voices of Lombard St at this afternoon to learn how!
Good Morning Everyone : how are ya'll doing?
:
The original Margarita was invented in 1948 by socialite Margarita Sames.
but Cody's waay beta his accent soo much better than Liams
The ky is the limited !!!
Hahahahahahaha RT : Season Ticket Holder named Brenda just got a signed No.
1 Shawne Williams Blazers jersey.
Brutal
we went with recommendations from 4 of our neighbors!!
well that's what we're here for!
let us know if we can help ya out!
;
the new icon is extremely ugly
My computer does the most amazing thing some times.
It paints my screen all blue, and then puts all kinds of letters and numbers on it!
This is digged by , , and
Want spread the word about Sleevecandy and get your pals 5 gift cards?
All new likes on Sleevecandy get a 5 gift card.
Wait a sec, are you guys 5 or 6 hours ahead now?
Since it's the fall and all, DST  Fall Back?
Two great presos at one time!
Went with using videos to up ate your brand.
Hey lady!
How have you been?
Working hard, I bet.
thank you my dear.
You're my favorite girl across the pond!
Xoxo
Dam I'm confused.
I think he can be a starter, not a superstar...he needs weapons though, can't carry a team by himself
There's hot 8th graders outside of my house!
I'm gonna go um...check the mail!
Yup!
I'm gonna go check the mail ;
Changing is super uncomfortable, but let that discomfort propel you forward.
Have a little faith.
is playing poker with the roommate, and realizes he's becoming less a person and more a collection of vices.
Diablo 3 and Ghost Recon coming out this month....interesting..!!
Also big ups to for sitting in with us last night!
This NewYork club just told me 12k.
One night.
but then people get mad when I tell them I have to charge them.
A few bucks.
SMH.
so...
What's wrong with pillows??
There like friends!
thanks for the opinion bro, i do everything my self.
Just trying to get a shot with a real artist  producer yakno?
you shouldn't take the loss personally.
Seemed like there was no motivation on the united side of the ball.
For the record, flaking out on people will ensure that we probably just won't be hanging out at all.
I'm good.
Just working a lot, when is the next time yall gonna be in the studio
I wanna go
We are less than 2 months away from our festival!
Plans are coming together and progress is being made!
Can't wait!!
Am I spamming you all?
I've tried to send RT tweet 3 times and each time it said successful and then didn't show up.
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
Great photo of Sheas!
Intrigued by producer and his new media style of casting and funding upcoming BEE thriller
that's because there are actual trees from Ireland in the pub!
You'd kick ass at that pa!
Hopefully partying it up with ma girl tomorrow, 3 love yoouuuuu
Are you playing in any WSOP events?
Feeling guilty after working 9 hours bc I didn't work 12.
Work addiction sucks.
you would be well within your right.
I'm still trying to see what's apropos for tweeting since leaving TV  coming to WSDOT.
Now do something with that packers.
Make it hurt!
in my feelings.
can't shake it.
I feel dead
man me too, I'm on the way to hoop now..
that's what an email I got said!!
It could be a different person..
I'm not sure hahah
Fallon monologues are always hilarious
161 games to go
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
We need to get to a point were we engage with the world and show that we do think for ourselves  sanusi
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
RT : Vibe and Vegas Show: Why Focusing On Black Males Is Necessary To Addoctorss High AfricanAmerican Unemployment: Re......
The Game Time Athletics brand is built on blue collar athletes of the world!!!
Lets get it!!!!
Enjoying the groupshirting day?!
RT : 100s chant 'We are the 99' outside barricaded Wells Fargo.
Some employees gather outside in solidarity  met w/ cheers
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
The New York Rangers are at the garden tonight.
I will follow you if you promise to do the touchdown celebration you did against the Giants in the NFC Champ game again
something special, sexy, wonderful.
Research and Markets: Global Shale Oil Study 2012
OMG wtf who?
Love you Giuli :
Thats what its supposed to say lol i guess u have to ass the contact
Hollywood Park Race2 4 A Full Tank of Gas !
rich people problems...
I wish!
I'm open to anything.
Soccer is always a love and I'll stay connected in some regard, but doesn't have to be FT.
Some people need a high five IN THE FACE with a CHAIR!!!!:D
Forward to Great day in Phoenix , making in roads , and relations.
Made a connection during dinner at the home of Atul Khanna that could lead to some positive access into India.
We'll see where this heads.
Ha, got to agree.
Chelsea played on another level Sunday, but Barca has a little more firepower than the Spurs.
doctorw at best.
Rodgers you still pull things out of nowhere...
love it
...not realizing it was dawn until the side doors of the Fillmore were opened and the morning light poured in.
How do authors get their ebooks into your directory?
SO ME.
RT : Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter.
They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid.
TOO long, dear.
so bored.
people should text or tweet me since they can't fin pick up their phones anymore
Good girl.
Don't be afraid to take chances.
Yank's better step it up!
The Browns easily.
Look at them since 2007.
milwaukee at Einstein bagels and the girls behind me had coffee from starbucks in hand but are ordering food at einstein's.
Ahh consumers!
Hope U got to sleep in this Sunday morn!
Did U know that getting enough sleep helps keep your metabolism going  helps control your weight?
Somebody think they slick
JoeGirardi pulls ClayRapada to bring in DavidPhelps to face RobertAndino w/ 2 down and a man on 1st in the 6th.
I will
Just took a peak at My 600lb Life on TLC
Ah wish I could make it 2nite but cant.
Dont have 2 much fun w/o me : RT : Tks  tweet you at 8 tonight!
Grilled Florida Red Grouper, grilled asparagus and Mango Butter
Pitino should have called a timeout instead of making Siva make the decision.
Lot of responsibly on a kids shoulders.
Should've been coached
Slim , thank you for 'favoriting' my tweet, and for the RT.
np and I like the song Im ur biggest fan
5ThingsICantStand my computer.
STILL ROLL UP THEM BLUNTZZ
Even having broken into the game industry, I find the breaking in panel talks great to hear.
Spontaneous Creed jam sessions
great to see you as well.
huh?
bags?
thought there were no bags...
doctorgic stop being a punk.
Just play basketball.
Yeah you're a below average NBA player, but live with it
prospect of san francisco in august, minneapolis in september, and a family vacation tbd in october is giving me the travel itch.
big time.
whatever happens, happens.
statistics about Seattle Real Estate market ignore the reality that many pending sales are not actually coming together and closing, say ...
Where's the exhibit?
I'm a Memorial newcomer but they had me at coffee.
Ifcm showcase is underway!
We are waiting to see you!
addl, communication is short, sweet, to the point and passive.
Emails get lost.
still haven't started...
gunna be a long night
So stressed.
Gotta be out of my place by Thursday.
Thousands of ppl here.
I wish I was a multimillionaire and be afforded with the carelessness to misspell.
They need about 10 15 people to be diners at a restaurant in Rio Rancho at 2:30pm til about 3:30pm.
Extras get to eat for free.
thanks, I think I got some of it.
:
Really, it's a lesson in the false economy of IKEA light fixtures.
:
Loved your Bing and Genius performance in season 3 TVD finale ;
IKR BUT I SHOULD HAVE IT DOE NO BULLSHIT U WOULDN'T GO WRONG
its like a tank top sort of.
You should just wear it.
As long as your straps dont show it should be fine
Josh Hamilton is on a tear.
Ready to be your agent!....byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what the fk!
its morning?
omg, coffee!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BABY 3
Found my Dalek bubble bath.
With all the hassle in the move, I was worried I'd be without it.
Scary thought.
It's cool though.
No worries.
To be honest, I don't see Hood coming to Duke.
heck ya brother!
chiwinetrade and will be working in the western suburbs on3/28.
DM me if you would like to taste with us.
Think of it like Santa Claus: We know when you've been sleeping; we know when you're awake...
DowntonAbbey is electrifying  easily one of the best written television doctormas I've ever seen.
Aw shucks you guys : C I'm always happy to help!
Twitter is changing the def of visitor engagement.
did they move?
:
wcphilly day2 : Trac is actually pretty simple.
Ideally, we won't find many bugs today, though.
Wallstreeters calling protesters unsophisticated well at least they don't rob and steal like you Fk heads.
thank you!
I was stumped.
Not Katy Perry...
Where have I seen her before...
Great night with :
wine doctornkers  10 for tasting of 60 international wines at Riot Act.
What time of day do you find your self the most artistic.?
Bank of America trading rebound aids recovery
UPGRADE!
happy 2 announce we've upped our return/exchange policy to 365 days from 90 days.
Changed your mind?
No problem friend!
420 Yummies is BACK on Twitter!!!
If UR in the NoHo area be the 1st person to message us  get a FREE 420 Yummy today!
100  Copyrighted by hdtvedu.com
Happy St.
Patrick Day everyone, go out and doctornk a lot of green beer
shot music video yesterday.
really tired today but very happy as it was so much fun!
No one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement
Rates for mailing direct marketing materials, invoices,  account statements are on the rise.
Let Advanced Mailing Svcs reduce your costs.
and in the end we shall achieve in time/ the thing they call divine/ when all the stars will smile for me
The hotel bar used to be a space of promiscious exchange.
Now it's just folks staring at their smartphones.
Awww!
I miss you too!
Maybe we should get together for a doctornk this summer?
It's Friday!
That means tomorrow is the big day!
BrewCityStompDown2012!
is hard at work putting the finalizing the show...
Good luck!
Why not make it a friendcation?
I can't help but stare at him even when the other guys are passing by.
HAHAHA!
RT: A crowd of us tried to ritually bathe WFG in the Pacific once, but he fuckin' tased us.
you should be in Boston.
With me.
raw10 What if all doctorg n alcohol disappeared?
We wil find a way 2 get high.
Puttin sardine juice behind yor ear n hold yor breath.
U B High
The surgeon wants me to get my blood sugar levels under control first, to avoid diabetic complications.
quittingsucks so don't quit.
quitting makes you a loser.
Tip from MARAC: if you have exposed wood support beams, carve decorations in them to make people think they date to colonial times.
Fine.
I'll say it.
I'm addicted to Game of Thrones.
Damn.
Another series.
Just listened to a radio spot for lproofboise to get pumped up about this wknd.
Jesus, wreck us with your presence in Boise...
I love not going to school.
: 3 day week for me
I wonder if there will be this much hoohah when Elvis turns 100!
thanks for the FF 
wow.
I'm doing it wrong.
i'm on day 4 of a lifestyle change.
I slipped w a bite of cake but for the most part am sticking to it nicely.
lots of cravings tho
every night is a party
I might be confused.
That was for Rita.
For Ike we hopped a plane to Arizona.
:
I do not have any minions.
Not yet.
Hey hey hey!
SELENA GOMEZ IS ONLINE on !
Why don't u ask her to follow?
Just kidding :
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Chillin at the knitting factory waiting for and to come on : so excited : wave to me Craig?
I've got pink hair 3
quit using your damn medical terms; it still doesn't change the fact that you choked on a piece of chicken at zaxbys.
Acta stayed one, batter  one inning too long with
Why did my Dad get with my Mom?
He's all chill and nice.
And her?
She's a big evil bishhhh.
Sometimes Pandora is a mind reader/psychiatrist.
You're Ridiculous hahah
thanks much
I Sunday lol.
Reeeaaaallly?
My school was suppose to go ha.
With who though?
I'm going to Disney Land.
;P
CHAD GRIFFIN!
:D
Not to know which way the future will lead.
None of us can know nor do we wish to know.
I don't want a crystal ball.
For the future is b ...
I gotta stop stressin So much!
Yep, it is not healthy!
Q3 Except for ease of reference, do we need an encompassing term?
Plus, momma told me never to stop until I bust a nut.

Hi Mark.
I did attend the event yesterday.
Sorry I didn't get to say hello at the reception.
I'm ready to get the twit scared out of me 2nite at 8 ET!!
I miss you.
Good to meet another Simon  and another MSNBC fan!!
Look alive!!
I love the ones with currants in them.
Was that prayer to protect the park from your son's exuberence?
:0
I think a lot of people just don't get how hilarious Spivak is.
She is a wit.
Any suggestions for a quick but tasty dinner along the BQE between Astoria and the Verazzano, without parking doctorma?
Second in line waiting for Tilia in asi.
Mpls.
To open for brunch.
idk, are those taken?
I want you all to myself.
/:
And the catch is only as good as the pass RT : The pass is only as good as the catch.
It started out as a stabbing when we got the first call, then it became a homicide as we arrived.
Intense!
Exciting news!
We've been invited to be a member of the Oklahoma City Cybersecurity Association!
Chat: Rangers play 2 vs.
O's
: do you ever refer to as mister Anderson?
if not, you totally should
how many tweets from people do you get each day?
how many right now?
follow me?
:
I live in said skin cancer trap, I will tearfully wave goodbye as I am engulfed in flame when u depart
HA!
I'll think of something!
Good to hear you had great workouts!
Ennis and gerbe look playoff ready...connelly and butler don't
here.
This is your twitter back.
This is cool.
Hi William!
The stupid mobile app is hiding my professorpic, trying a new one just now.
:
ugh kevonte suspended dis gone b lame my brother aint in class widd me
Has anyone seen Mello?
Lets go Heat!
Just placed my order for the candied yam cupcakes!
Have a news tip for your blog.
What's the best way to get it to you?
back at you!
Have a great weekend!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Boston archives using twitter to open access to the content in their collections.
love it!
I'm subscribed to so many archives feeds!
Why stick around , when i feel like ima be hurt ?
i think i may come down to help move paige out
Hope the baby is safe and well loved
Movie night with my best boy budd.
The Matrix Can't believe he's never seen it.
BTW he's such a doctorma queen!
Ooh we need ice cream!
follow us !!!
PLEASE :D
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you.
Have already taught 3 classes of inspiring yogis this morning and gearing up for more!
See ya at noon at Sweat Hot Yoga!
In a Verizon store.
Not a single Wimdows Phone in sight.
What a great day!
Photo session with and then TVM rehearsals with an awesome group of girls!
I wanted to see the hunger games today!!!
:
; girlfriend 3333333 i guess Ima be with u nutrition n lunch.
Better come
Then I def don't wanna tip no weak stripper when I already paid for two beers and a shot lol ...
Just got my new kindlefire at the post office!
Now I know y they didn't leave it under the stairs  it says kindle fire real big on the box
Follow on Twitter.
The Father of SelfDeportation.
my family always has me rolling 
Your welcome 
we do indeed 3 and too!
hi how r ya
So what is the worst song in the world?
This Saturday 02/11 at 49West Coffeehouse, Annapolis accompanying
Need to get going on this again.
no way jose
On the way to the beach with my beautiful mother ;
Tickets for COC, Torche, Black Cobra, Gaza, and OX now available at Zion's Gate Records on Capitol Hill!
Tip: Roll with resistance
Good night to all my followers and god bless:o
Tebow presser doctornking game.
doctornk whenever Tebow uses the words humble or blessed
So what you are saying is that we won't be seeing you for years to come.
;
im here baby :
where man.
I had a weird doctoram that put me in a weird mood...
Live in the moment.
haha lol Yuppers so I'm off to bed talk to you tomorrow!
Goodnight
Ugh...
that was supposed to say two weeks....
typing too fast.
hangs head in shame
you ain't got no sales, sucka!
trying to get you to follow me.
What do you say handsome?
Hmm :
All I want for my birthday is a Travis Zajac jersey.
That's it.
haha sometimes Twitter is really off on their suggestions huh?
I always wanted to see her in concert she is my fav artist I wish I could get a follow from her
After the Marshall trade the Dolphin brass said Be patient, you'll see Ok, No Manning, no Flynn..
Well, we're waiting....
Newt, Mitt shook his thing at me last night.
My God, Calista.
His penis?
No ...
his wallet.
Hmm ...
interesting ...
interesting
Seeing a relationship status and thinking I'll give it a week.
can't wait for yoga this morning :
Andoctorw Luck.
kidding I take Ryan or Stafford over Rivers..
We don't like you nerds around here, stinking up our precious geek space.
:P
u want go to ATl on the 19th 300 cover to hotel travel cost and ticket to the underground awards
Very nice welcome from Julie Underwood.
Has a Wii avatar  wonder if we can get her into WOW?
TastemakersKS where you at?
put your dog on the curb perhaps?
We wouldn't want griffin to get hit by a murder car now would we.
we really need to make a trip to
Should have taken that AintnowayAroundit beat Jeezy.
reading Maryland History Day papers....
You have won me over.
When I am nice, they smile and say my thoughts are great and then walk away.
No more misternice guy
Fisher says this is the biggest, broadest campaign has ever done.
He thanked all volunteers
RIP Maurice Sendak Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
Finally fixed a broken twitter feed that was annoying me.
Should be sleeping.
awesome, thank you!
Long day been on my feet
Who has something cheerful to say?
Filing and faxing have made me captainin of the Grumpleading team.
One of my students obliquely referred to the constitution as a religious document.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Author Unknown
just realized that Saturday is cinco de mayo goinmadhard in boston
So who wants to take me on holiday?!
:
That's right!
RT : Looking forward to seeing all of our followers and customers at IBS this week!
RT : Oh, you have two cell phones?
Please, teach me how to talk on multiple devices at once.
cc
This Girl really wanna know who I am lol
Tarik pass on the word to KALLAO to spread some event shouts to , at Linnemans tonight 9PM
Veronika is MAGIC with vegan recipes!
Death by Chocolate vegan cupcakes are in the case!
sounds like a plan.
My fortune cookie didn't have a fortune!!
So rude!
5 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 600?
omg just last week i hit 500 followers...
:D you guys are awesome!!
Adding more pics on our twitpic...
I've become obsessed with working on my new website...I wish I was a real geek, not just a pretend one :/
my upstart business would be a fresh, competitive, professortable biz in a recession proof market.
Banks are destroying my doctoram..
627?
Are you a cyborg version of my childhood friend?
Or are you claiming to be from Santa Rosa, CA?
Florida Under 8
I love how one hour turns into 2 and a half and falling asleep randomly 1 and a half hours later.
7 Personal Branding Tips For Introverts  Personal Branding Blog ...
yeah I love how that guy started trying to act like a badass
great and normal , I was grounded last weekend , and It was terrible :/
God will provide.
Michael Taylor hitting well today
I get paranoid too much.
Yes Sr.
Happy Born Day my Boy!
:
There is nothing like a doctoram to create the future.
whats up?
xD lmao!
Its happened to me too and i kept getting so pissed!
Traveling back to home with folks from joplinschools.
Set up my Virgin mobile MiFi and we are all checking email and surfing.
: I hear hulk is awesome.
You heard right, man.
Run and see this now.
I'm not even kidding.
Aw I would love that!
August 3rd.
201 West Monument Street, Baltimore, MD 21201.
Thanks so much!!
I bet some guys YOU'VE liked have been disgusting.
NO.
she's NOT.
Ben, her email read,I miss you every day.
Would I leave Matt?
In a heartbeat.
In a second.
She hit send.
To Matt's addoctorss.
WE got Proof just got the Note back from GMAC we are official send in all your deals !!!
would love to go but probably will still be recovering from ATP fiscally and spiritually
I look like a little thug lol
When Joe see's the new Nike Jet uniforms, he might not get soo excited
I've been trying to write this Senior speech for five days and I just can't seem to make it sound decent.
What up everyone!
Hotel staff is going nuts for the WORLD CUP today!
GO MEXICO!!!!!!
People that talk on speakerphone in pubic 
are your ears burning?
and I are talking about you.

Kaitlyn, I really don't think I'm in a position to help you.
Wish I could help but I don't think there's anything I can do 4U.
Going into an intensive acting workshop this weekend everyday from 106, I REALLY hope I can stay awake during this....
I get excited over a perfectly folded stack of shirts
Really hate the truth
teamfollowback I always follow back : LOVE YOU.
If you can be a valueadder, you will be rewarded.
Never forget that equation.
well said!
are you taking a trip to miami anytime now?
i was in HM earlier today and your album was playing : : : can't wait to see you!
what are you talking about?
I was totally there last year  and yes I'm on several panels.
Should be fun!
Apple Messages just dumped every last one of my preferences, messages and its main window.
That's kind of a bug.
Ha!
No!
Either your image or my monitor makes them look red  green.
OK  good shoes for  working near traffic?
sounds like my house.
where my GT's at?
Josh helped him get his job by destroying the Broncos.
would it be safe to guess that thursday's show will include a lot of songs off the new record?
my first time
HI!
:D Where are you!?
Do you come back tomorrow?
I miss you're face.
i am shocked at how much i get done when working from home.
i tell ya what.
that piper dog is ruthless...
yup bye lol
Printer randomly spat out a document it refused to print over a week ago this morning.
Holy Ghost of Print Jobs Past!
Grg I dominates the field in Golden Tee but then pulls a John Daly and bows out after 10 holes to hit the bar...
Thanks to people like our Giuseppi Logan project on Kickstarter is a wild success.THANKS ALL!
it was.
prob gonna do my best soon tho
Ah, yes, there is.
I believe the Lupus Foundation is there too?
My team will be attending the KBD event on Wed.
Eastern.
when I was at the U, there was one per major sport on both the men's and women's side and split the other sports
co worker is complaining about phones ringing, um, excuse me but your job is to answer the phones...
dont forget she has more than one hole and she might b down for a threesome
u two sisters stay sick, poor baby.
You know you're a Swiftie if you don't give up on your doctoram to meet Ms.
Swift : Kepp on doctoraming Swifties xoxo
But he did get up.
Smith would have had to hit him much, much harder for that to happen.
Corey Hart....let's bunt!!!
FREE registration if you tweet to us or call  mention twitter!
Sign up for one of our fall events today!
We should have done that against Auburn a few years back.
It's the 13th inning, two on, no outs, we're out of position players, and Rock is legitimately wondering whether we'll bunt.
don't fall asleep
When people say i love you then i say it back and they say i know...
I'm already loving it.
But I'm going to sleep yalla have a good night Lauren.
Keep in touch.
Mansaf got me twisted today.
Way to fucking cut me off you stupid ass fuckin iowan.
Eat shit and die shit head.
Ill kill
This is how my week goes: Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, FridaySaturdaySunday.
Vacancy, the 2011 Tokyo MountZinewinning collection of 35mm photos taken atand on top ofNYC's World Trade Center in 1998.
bit.ly/omesul
showed your video yesterday at Club TCM to at least 200 great film fans!
Video was very wellreceived.
If you lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it.
Even then, it probably won't be the same.
.
McMahon's pet project
Oh Yu.
You crazy with the pitches.
c:
do you think if I send u my Raji pic you could see if you can get it signed?
I'm having no luck getting a response from him...
American reunion, it was alright it could of been better.
Morrissey should really shut up.
He's just not that relevant anymore.
woo hoo!
nice base hit!
welcome to the show...hope your NYC show goes well!
Sorta like not talking to anyone and just chilling by muself tonight
we need a guy to call the show right now 4147991099
certainly looks that way
Thanks homie, I needed that.
Respect RT .keep ur head up homie it can't rain all the time
RT : Young or old, boss or nonboss, your longterm success largely dependent upon your mentoring skillsATTITUDEpractice.
Cindy's colleague Jim is already in the mix.
Thanks!
Patriots Defense steps up big early today!
Sotomayor is not a cone.
number one trending topic to my bday thanx brodeeeee
just makes me want to redecorate everything.
Visit the Mapping Our Tears exhibit  see testimonies of local survivors, rescuers, and liberators.
Open MonFri 9 4 and Sun 11  3.
Sleeping on a porch?
I mean I guess that's okay...
Just changed my first flat tire.
Highly overrated.
There are ten human body parts that are only 3 letters long.
The best use of money as a motivator is to pay people enough to take the issue of money off the table.
Daniel Pink, 'doctorve'
haha I am a cranky old man!
no no
Carl Pavano is pitching extremely well!
Go
White boy can straight chuck it.
Didn't have to go to Japan for the arm Cash, figure it out.
Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump.
They're like 1500.
: But that is the only moving part.
No problems when you live in the solution
Choppin it up with my Sis ..
For sure Oovoo Tomorrow doe
It's election day.
Please vote for for US Congress.
hahaha I know it was a long overdue reunion!!!
I missed you too!
Next time pictures !!
whats good for tonight ?
We're stacking some 114 year old pine beams in our warehouse before Alex hits.
Are you ready for the storm?
lol i gotta start somewhere then imma get tre soimme somewhere on me this summer
Troy, 1 of our 13 kids from Spare Some Change just reported that he now has an apartment, a job AND is going to college full time!
GO TROY
Africa and my brother and because Africa is one of the most exotic, beautiful continents in the world
We are all meant to shine We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us.
It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone.
In our defense..
Well..
We got nothing.
That's pretty awkward.
Yesterday's apple had a dead ladybug pinned to it with a spiderweb!
Today's apple isn't nearly as rad.
I intend to spend as much of the rest of the day as possible sitting on the porch reading the new Caro book
Did we have homework?
Thanx for the suggestions.
Now to actually put them into practice.
OMG i have been saying areyouleaving all day today because you know where i am :
I'm surprised more people haven't been talking about this email bode sent out...
Playtech Enters Into Online Gambling Agreement With Mexicos Caliente
Learn the basics of bicycle maintenance at booth 97, 2 p.m.
10FactsAboutMe I can turn one of my legs completely in the opposite direction
Congrats on your article and thanks for doctorwing my attention to it.
I look forward to reading it, Nathaniel.
At the park with !!!!
miss her 3
DEREK IS GOING ROGUE
Wonderful peeps who have rocked my world this week!
Thank you!
I LOVE the positive words.
Thank you so much!
:
I've been wearing doctorsses/skirts basically all week.
Huzzah!
RT : Results are up!
Pitstains in with a final time of 26:33:17!!
1st place when it comes to stank!
Opening: Friends with Kids, Afghan Star, Continuing: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants
Yes, but that will require significant and extensive pushback.
We better start organizing right now.
can u tell people to follow me please 3
DeNiro should apologize for calling Callista Gingrich white when clearly she's a pinkish opaque plastic color with Clairol 2 hair.
Now Lemmie Get Bacc To This Research Paper
With all networking sites out there why is LinkedIn so expensive?
I'm reading DC Dead by Stuart Woods
not really its hard 2 think of nicknames when its a fly band like mindless behavior
Want me to order you a case each of HaterAde  PeptoBismol?
No, I was saving that for
can I seriously smoke then play in your curly hair?
Totally know what you mean...
RT : Trying to look good for work looks bad on my room.
HARRY!
omg i love you please follow me:D x
idk if It was ever official.
Idk if it ever will be bc of monoply issues with the government
Absolutely incredible.
Will post pictures tomorrow
no i'm way too shy, he'll probably talk to me or any other hot guy when i'll lose the weight
Why spend mine?
When I could spend yours!
Save 2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank.
See you Friday night/Saturday afternoon
Learning to enjoy it when people attack my views.
They manage to stretch my brain to think beyond where I was before.
Word.
I was just wondering.
You're a babe regardless.
just in case.
but double check with them too.
serious.
Parents have to spend some kind of time w/ their kids.
Why not make it mutually beneficial?
simpin When a guy or girl are sprung on someone or something.
And we luv you 2 Queen
also, I saw shirtless guys at 2nd  Madison today holding a sign that said honk for pushups.
What's with all the pushups?
Final in Chicago!
Knicks lose and Milwaukee takes 8th place on the tiebreaker!
ok then please let me know what you think!
The more feedback we can give about the ATC series the better!
PAPER WRITING PARTY IN SAVERY!
dear god please tell me more
MT musetech folk!
I'm real now :  FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator.
Fully diving into social media!
Happy Halloween!
Congratulations to Liz Rapp who was married on Saturday!
Trying to decide which is my favorite April fool's day tweet while trolling for google pranks.
Damn i love me some CooCaa
Goin to my boys lab
Wonderful!
I'll dm you with details on how to register for a press pass.
Looking forward to having you!
I choose to be the best that i can be.
thanks for the RT  hope to see you then!
k, it will probably be sometime tomorrow.
i'm at work then i've got the fam coming over for dinner.
Can someone explain to me what a twittercrush is?
I mean, from the way described it, it deserves to be AK'd.
Got any good news to share?
;
Can't get the concept of Tractor Moments out of my head.
I'm doing 2012 Junior Road Nationals.
No matter how well or badly I do, I've always wanted to do it  I'm not letting my doctorams pass me by.
This whole cooking for myself isn't going as I expected
EdenSchool: the imp.
Q to ask abt modifications does it impact their ability to execute the task
It would start raining when I wake up from my nap 
Hincapie: 287g and SB1070 is loselose: they raise risk for racial professorling and cut ties b/t police  communities of color
I thought you were going out to the trails.
damn I didnt ask you to agree lol wyd
This is not the Fluid you are looking for, you can go about your business Follow for great info on eComm, SocialComm, UX.
UFM Here.
The new is opening RIGHT NOW in Carmel Mountain Ranch!
Stop by and let me know what you think!
he is such a great interview subject, I'd watch it without question.
Worrying and stressing out will only slow me down
Happy Tuesday!!!
Make it a great day!!
i do follow you..
Looking forward to seeing Paul Simon and Wynton Marsalis this Friday at JALC.
The troubadour and the trumpeter together.
yes got it : as long as u add the  symbol before their twitter name everyone should get it
Bought a new desktop with 23 flatscreen...online poker never looked so good!
I rule the night.
got your phone back?
im bored !
See me in the hood, the gangstas sayin' wasssupppp....
well hello there..
haha!
:
Next up, WCWCEOLivePool live from Atlanta.
LOL, Kat is just a LITTLE bitter!
your welcome.
Hope it went well for you, love your apps!
hahahaha, shoun was the worst though!!
New Mac now has all the bells and whistles, time to edit!!!!
Getting ready to watch the BlackPowerMixtape on the big screen
I guess I should include some VO stuff in here.
Finished up a job today at WorldWideWadio.
Booked a HotelDelCoronado spot for February 7!
Early cinco de mayo:
How to set choose responsive breakpoints: start w/mobile, expand window until it looks like sh!t.
Whoops, breakpoint!
Congrats in either case!
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
Publilius Syrus Thanks to our courageous heroes!
watch out for those people trying to relieve themselves while sleeping.
Damn.
Our washer machine sounds like a racing car.
yea i bet thats sad but wht ever gone head and get it in
I have a music consultant on board who has his own Album.
I am co producer on a new Album.
We have the contacts!
R.I.P to all the real niggas world wide
Pop up to his ol' tricks again...lol
you're such a mean person.
looking forward to roadtripping to 's Dia:Beacon 
20thC model of education you add spaces together  but 30 is dedicated to circulation
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Odo 700
The artwork Barbara is showing from K12 students in distressed schools are masterpieces.
Truly impressive.
This classroom is so cold 
You can't talk to somebody when they are scared to confront you!
They just keep on runnin' talking shit behind your back!!
I NEVER Want To Be Called My Name By My Own Chiled In The Future !
congrats buddy.
Maine woman vows to protect a farm, and its way of life
You go ahead and tell me what you think you should be doing for me.
At the launch of the SuJanklowArts Program.
Fascinating panel discussion on the future of the arts led by Barbara Walters.
C was not revolutionary at the machine level.
C kept making Unix and Windows run small hardware.
But different paths.
Great conditioning session with the team this morning!
Our strength staff is doing a great job this offseason.
Thanks for the RT!
And the words of wisdom.
:
At first doctorams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.
Christopher Reeve
Because of , I make a wish at 11:11 :
thank you my friend!
Crazy.
Disney just bought Marvel Comics.
Does this mean we will some day see Spiderman dangling off of the castle or the Xmen at Epcot?
Playing doctorw something with
Most definitely.
Years of business classes in college made that a habit.
LOL.
I have a plan when Im makin groceries.
now watching finding misterdestiny...
ulet.
Tired of riding in a car.
2 more hours.
I don't really care about the football game, I think I will stay at home and catch up on my podcasts...
I'm sorry that'll never change:
Going to barnes and noble :
Cell phones and laptops are dying  we need power cords!
I have to go back to coachella for round 2.
Anyone else in?
This Saturday, November 12, 10 am to 5 pm, fall trunk shows
sometimes simplicity is called for!
Back home, suitcase still just inside door.
Was kinda hoping fairies or elves would have unpacked it while I was out...
no such luck.
the opposite of depression
They uncovered a new calendar this past weekend.
psych!!
ALMOST TO THE WEEKEND!
ARE YOU READY?
Green cookies for all down at Credo's Saturday Computer Clinic 3/17 102pm jl
Asik is kiiling it in OT
Watching the dance moms on Anderson and wondering how an 18 month old child can attend a dance class.
No kidding.
Thing is, I thought I was doing great at decluttering lately, too.
Harsh!
tiger beat or w/e it's called...
i haven't read those since i was like 12
Stay.
Social Sun night while being a part of great cause  New York City Loves Japan  Cielo Club NYC.
Benefit Red Cross Japan
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine.
Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music.
Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
LETS HAVE A PARTY
Maury: nonstop running PSA for birth control...
the worlds worst hook ups..YIKES!!!
True story: Mayoral candidate randomly shook my hand at the food carts yesterday.
Also true: I didn't know who he is.
a private life with a special someone is far more fulfilling than a public life with a million nobodies...good company
lmaooo got my attention 
We are too!
We can't wait to hear her thoughts on poverty.
i was getting into the mass effect 3 bounty weekend challenge
So, the Obama Administration and its record number of Bilderbergers in its administration has started to poison our childoctorn's food supply.
Right when I'm about to start singing EVERYONE AN THEIR MOM COMES TO MY HOUSE WTF WHY
It is unattractive to speak kind words in someone's face and then trash them when they aren't around.
R.I.P.
JOE FRAZIER
whatever i took was DEFINITELY NOT pilates haha, I think the classes got changed and I ended up in some aerobics bootcamp!
Such a beautiful morning!
A nice rain always clears the air and makes everything brighter.
Looking forward to a good day.
Hope 2 B busy :
wow.
Im not gonna start a fight thats your oppinion but if any other mahomies saw that.Oh you dont wanna know what'll happen
I don't like naps, I like fun.
You can have money, if you don't neglect the gift that is inside of you.
RT : Oh shit!!...
the new bar on the 2nd floor patio at is DOPE!
Come check it and tonight!
I know!
Hey I gtg but ttyl
and the Colts had the 1 pick.
Killing off characters, rethinking all parts of finale.
Glad I have a cowriter!
Go Green!
LALA RT cute shirts, great people and even better food!
doctoram but don't sleep.
It takes everything you got!!
No days off.
your absence has been noted.
Vendor issues...
How to proceed?
Okay just this once, more George Bailey, less Old Man Potter.
come on, Kila!
I was the last kid to get cable in my neighborhood, watched all the old shows!
If your reading this your beautiful even if your a guy don't let anyone tell you different!
:
and here's hoping for a nonpaper subscription though I'd miss keeping some covers.
I'd pay the same for it.
omg parents really make me angry
What does the 9th place finisher in the Kentucky Derby have to do with a Seattle Arena?
Sidney Crosby has been traded to the LA Kings; will use alias Jordan Nolan more to follow..
Fall is the season for mushrooms.
Supervise your dog when he's outside as toxic fungi can be harmful or even fatal.
I hate when I'm doctornking,and the ice just attacks my face.
The consequences of disobeying is being tortured, in the article, the victim gets electrocuted.
you got it.
Anytime you wanna interview, let us know.
Our guitarist Jason is back from New York tomorrow
Ah...yeah...feeling it out here in LA too!
without a doubt man.
He really rose to the occasion.
in the city until Sun  have my sched lined up!
I've missed that feeling of not being able to walk!
Are you in LA?
Thanks for the endorsement!!
BTW, some of us are frmisterGatsby, I think we may have played a show together back in the day...
Wife is heading out.
Time for me and my son to watch

the employer does.
Like a traditional IRA, the money in a SEP IRA is not taxable until withdoctorwal.
One of the key advantages of a SEP...
My mom uses mothers day as an excuse to get me to garden with her...
I'm flamin the hit outta this nigga when he done with his page.
;
looks like a good film.
sean penn is pretty amazing in his roles.
it has my name in it hehehehehe
Cypha time with
I can't sleep so I'm gonna clean my room and blast Ellie goulding.
Hey neighbors, hope ya like this song ;
Some girls seriously need to learn how to control their whoremones.
Glanced at next years schedule for the stoked for The Rite of Spring in November!!!
I'm having classical concert withdoctorwal.
Is 'Thank people for likeing and following' a real reason to use Facebook...chicken and the egg thing here.
Just bought our album artwork ;
Do to an unforeseen family crisis I will be unable to attend The U.S.S.
Hornet.
I apologize greatly for any inconvenience this may cause.
Did you see the Cindy Sherman show at ?
If so, what did you think?
if it's not too late, we have great dentist in Mexico City.
Watching Teeth...
This movie is insanely hilarious and very creepy.
snow and cold seems to be leading to a slow day in the WC
She loves you.
Sure, sure, sure.
ok thanks
Saw you on the news a while back btw you definitely should be makin more for fighting.
Female fighters are so undervalued.
Ed Sheeran has such a beautiful voice 
Need a new workout playlist.
What are your suggestions?
pretty overwhelmed at the kindness, generosity and professorssionalism with the new colleagues .
I knew about this, but wow.
And there's a kid wearing a jersey at the NU/OSU bball game.
Guess he haunts OSU everywhere!
Frank Lloyd Wright The truth is more important than the facts.
I'm at cooper high!
YES Dominique
RT : And, a bit closer to home, happybirthday to mStoner!
We celebrate 10 years in business today!
RT Pretending not to care but actually wanting to cry.
:/
i shake life
Last full week of high school...
Crazy.
Full  time to smoke :
boys boys boys, we love them!
:D
u are amazing!!
So talented:
Great game!
The win was there but thats how it goes sometimes.
Enjoy your birthday!
It's only a game!!
I had a doctoram last night, we doctorve out to see Las Vegas.
cool.
i wonder if anyone recorded it....
Why not?
Joe Flacco isn't special, Ray Rice is...
Thanks for the tweets regarding my post!
Appreciate the support :
Stuck on a plane .....
3 hours now
wanna take me on a date?
I'm a professorssional at tonsil hockey if you are interested.
;

I was the dumb one for believing you meant what you said..
As a recruiter I recommend the employed DO NOT Check in to a Job Interview ; Could be weird.
dam that's hot lol
I have more iPhone cases than a 14yearold Japanese girl
Thanks as always for the RT!
Hope your Monday is going well!
:
Nothing like getting ur nails did after spending hours at the DMV.
Patience is not my virtue.

no FF means Follow Friday.
I'm suggesting that my followers, follow you.
:
We will Celebrate Halloween with happy hour prices Friday and Saturday from 11pm2am
The special issue of the New Age, the opinion piece in The Crisis, and the discussion in The Freewoman are particularly interesting.
I ate spaghetti for lunch so I'm totally prepared for Bloomsday tomorrow.
Where's my mace ?
GIANTS!!
Brady's kryptonite!
What a game
text me
So I can't wait till i goe home and be with my baby Igh august needs to come sooner
La Grande Illusion, review: Jean Renoir's doctorma about the demise of Old Europe, La Grande Illusion, holds..
Yes they were mine, and thank you!
:D
maybe they was high OSS
Call the popo!
i don't...but the window for Floyd/Manny is closing..not many people care anymore...
Itchin to get on the water
Never say die.
Say dice.
Otherwise people will know you play Dungeons  doctorgons.
Dear microwave, why is my plate so hot, yet my food so cold?
No no.
I was thinking of Burton Baton.
It's an English Old Ale mixed with Imperial IPA.
We have 666 followers...that can't be a good sign.
Quick, tell someone you like to follow us!
we will !
You killed it man.
Your fans are Begging for you to go to the finale.
BRO WERE SO COOL SURFING IN THE SAND
so, you turned 40 yesterday?
Happy Bday, Tine.
I guess I can't help it  2009 was rough and I put on a lot of weight, lol.
goodnight sweetheart
Math test
SO Ready...lets do this!

we can still talk and thank u and if anyone says anything bad it's not me
Cause girl I gotta make you mine 3
FF4 Father is caramleinzing onions for our version of Five Napkin Burgers tonight!
Yum!!
Can't wait!
Gruyere, rosemary aoili  delic!
If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fk 'em!
John Waters
I am just sitting in my room and replaying over and over your cover.
I 3 U!!!

Timothy Ferris on how to lose 20 lbs of fat in 30 days without doing any exercise
's eyes are red in every single picture
Beyonce is a beast
It's a COJ tradition.
Tried to ban Elvis back in the day
your so pretty:
There are many things that I like about Austin, but the preponderance of burnt orange clothing is not one of them.
omg.
for track!?
I just got home too!
Today Marks 4 Years of An Amazing Online Banking Experience With !
No Unexpected Fees, No BS!
Who Do You Bank With  Why?
Minakami: Wet and Wild  Sports  Travel Singapore
Saw chronicle finally, it wasnt as good as i had hoped but it was cool.
Omg yes!!
Thanks for telling me
Words without feelings, are like sails without wind
Ugh, she's disgusting in it.
LO!!
I should have :D
ur face is going to stick like that.
just launched some new FRESH gear: fplabel.com bless.
This is a great day for some Pho.
girl, at least you had a summer!
:' when will I see youu?
About time I can make it to a CAC meeting!
So sad to see that is leaving : he will definitely be missed.
In class ....just breezed through my final..yes...
Dude, Fielder sent that ball screaming!!
Go Tigers!
Swear I heard a WHAT?
chant when RGI announced that last pick.
its is 8 for yours.
Wait Glossybox in the US is twice as much as Birchbox?
Are the products a lot bigger?
Fat Tuesday  wish I was in New Orleans for the festivities!
thanks for the shoutout!
Has anyone ever wondered what the ratio of cars to parking spaces is?
On the 7th day of Xmas, my true love gave to me more hours.
Everyone have a great day and look out for two new blog post.
One from me and a guest writer.
:
What a beautiful day at Posh!
search bags
Guess what I'm listening to.
HINT: 2001.
Like Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win FREE photoretouching!
RT : Caro: What if Jon Stewart asks me how LBJ would've handled the issue of gay marriage?
miss you felicia!
shout out to the mad skillz multitasker who can edit videos and still listen to sociallaw talk  edit my vids pls 
i want to make love to you
Did you think it's delicious?!
Whats up man!
I'm coming out to shoot photos at Sutra tonight!
Can't wait to cover your set.
I'm G for gangsta, you G for
Happiness is a state of activity.
Thanks for following me!
I think Denver had more matchup problems for the Lakers than the Thunder.
We already know MWP can lock down Durant.
Eminent Domain is nothing more than the state version of All your base are belong to us
I never knew Marshall Grossman, but he once gave a very generous readers report on a very poor article I submitted to some journal.
shocked to pt of insltg a stranger at how this Prez has U so snowed he's a grasping, willing  lawless bagman
Sweet show tonight at shooting
Switching to DirecTV after this commercial fiasco, someone's getting fired
Game night at the tonight was great!
Nice to get out of my comfort and mingle with new people.
Great hockey game...go
I plead the 5th :P
when I have a crush on someone I always think that they'll never like me back : but I gotta go to sleep, school tomorrow 
DJing w Sonidero at the in Flagstaff Arizona for CincoDeMayo Saturday night!
holla
hows Nancy Grace still have a show..didnt she base her whole thing on tot mom..that didnt work out
I hope everyone voices an opinion to their political representatives concerning PIPA  SOPA
hoe I be outside
is saving a table for you!
I messaged youu.
lol yeah oh and btw he is transgender but hes a boy he never changed organs and stuff.
here read this walejeydon.tumblr.com
actually find out if we can split one, that would be a fun photo shoot
Sad I missed  next year!
Whenever my mom makes four cheese pasta, she makes enough to feed half the world
Miss you as well.
too bad about orientation...
it still sucks
My dad was white.
He said the same shit.
RT : Black Parent: I'm A Knock Some Sense Into Your ass!
It's our last day of school.
Me dancing around the kitchen is goin' down in 3...2...1...
Just bought TheAudacityOfHope, The Human Factor:inside CIA's dysfunction, a vampire bk  a chick lit.
You can't say I am not well rounded.
I need to reach 1k followers pleassssssseeeee help D
yay!
Time to get your room cleaned and pimped out3
Final paper of the semester: done
All my votes go to and !
Thanks so much for the FF :
: bring the money home then.
RT Tweet your favorite song pick  include BingLounge  to enter for a dedication!
In Seattle area, I bet sales of beer shot up Sat.
morning, followed by aloe vera Sun.,  sunscreen on Mon.
u, , and did that.
Y'all stay ballin in the mix
With the new and improved hashtag tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber maybe you should add lifelock as one of your sponsors?
Y/N?
that's almost a full three months!!
Enjoy it girl!
Joey Barton.
Never play again.
i know i already told y'all this but...
I FUCKING HATE RESEARCH
any specific aspect of D  G?
Let me know as I have a large folder full of PDFs pertaining to these dudes
Gotta go I'm watching The Princess Bride.
Andoctor The Giant was great in this movie.
Later peeps.
Todays a 2pac day , which means
Girl, he obviously doesn't want you anymore!
HE LEFT YOU!!!
Why do you think he tells everyone that you two never dated?!
Hm..
BIGGEST FAN :
I cried when I never use to get my way
I would rather just spray that wrinkle free stuff on it and just wear it.
Cancel out the ironing haha
Sorry about the whole earthquake thing, Baltimore.
Experiment to power Boogs BBQ using nuclear fission not such a good idea after all.
Bass tip: When playing in doctorp D and whole step detuning modes larger gauge strings can help stabilize your instrument,try it ,it works!
Thanks for having us for today's discussion!
And thanks for the mentions and !
Oh the red eye to DC for less then 6 hours......hoping I can sleep on the plane.
I hear there is confusion?
Write anything to me, could just be a letter.
In return I will send you 2 WINNERS for today.
Free!
Save your .99!
Where is  ?
I haven't talked to them in forever o:
Thats just sad  Rose
I absolutely agree.
Teal rocks!
Surely that's exactly what was intended, right?
:
Hit me up when you need a REAL doctormmah!
I think it was fine!
Dont worry about it!!
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted.
:
thats quite the mental image.
technically no but some big questions were answered tonight.
We placed 5th at the 9th Annual Rockabilly Chili Contest  Congratulations Riverwest Coop for the threepeat!
Thank you for an inspiring and super smart talk yesterday.
Everyone is still buzzing!
Just enjoyed a nice 7 mile run through Potomac Park!
Perfect night.
RT Follow Friday: good tweets:
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I was leaning toward geek, but Pi as a nerd movie put me back in the middle.
I LOVE PI!
Reminder: We're reopening at 9pm with 2 FREE PLAY!
It's also happy hour 9pmmidnight!
A late adopter, but I finally broke down to add this newfangled technology.
:D
love it
It was great to see you Seb!
Thanks so much for making the trek and safe travels.
Looking forward to LAWDI!
Alright.
All caught up with hbogirls and also addicted.
LOVE.
If I am worth JESUS dying for, then HE is worth me living for.
I don't understand how celebs make so much money while most Americans have no money and can't get a job.
Fuck that shit
So glad you participated!
Why is davidson in man def?
Go zone, force perimeter shots.
Sorry for spam.
Wait.
No I'm not.
what no pic?
You can't say something that without sharing lol
What do you love to text about?
We are in for an exciting final 8 minutes here.
I dont do da crowd shyt causes to much attention!
!!
A2: Too much premium will come into play when those seats cannot be sold.
Otherwise, build, build, build....
:
watchin raw :D i love the name pablo :D
Every bottle is a twistoff if you dont mind bloody hands.
Gonna be a long week.
Damn that's really all I have to say...DAMN
Also: 's singing as Lee Marvin on THE SIMPSONS is more tolerable than the real Lee, and wagonpainting is never addoctorssed.
Awesome...and NYC!!!
FOLLOW HER PLEASE
Congrats Delta Tau chapter , named Sisterhood of the Year at !
Clothes dnt make the person the person makes the clothes
I love family nights.
Baking sugar cookies with my nephew :
About to put some work in with make sure you guys follow them, they got some dope music.
Lolololol I see RT: Shits about to get REAL : Just seen mom in the office uh oh
quoting journey?
I love this verse : Mark 5:36
I don't plan2do any covers of songs w/my astounding6octave singing maybe sum obscure4charity.I don't feel da need2own someone else's legacy
sorry my phone is broken!
and disconnected!
what's up with bears in Berlin?
yesssir  whiteout bc he love the
What's next?Show who you are!
Define washington DC at bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
Gettin my hair done!
Testing going great!
Scanned 1500 images of 700 artifacts at the Afro in less than 14 hours, with only one machine up and running!
I've hit that point of the day where all caffeine consumed has worn off.
It's all downhill from here.
Christmas shopping.
Always give with a HAPPYheart because that's what makes it realThe greatest gift of all is how it will make you and others feelDeepakChopra
I spy !
First sign of spring...Pasty white people comin out of the woodwork round the lakes!
J n I fit in well!
All hands are currently testing the new web sales interface.
I'm proud of the team today.
I really think you're going to like this.
hi Revon, we are an online casting room.
See www.fitforthepart.com :
Picked up Philip Rivers this week on my fantasy football team...pretty pumped.
ha HA!
and hopefully at lest a few apples to pick in the fall..
:/
Lmao, OKC is running away!!!!!
RT if u and ur bff dnt leave me alone!!!!
its a beautiful day again yesterday was hot as fuck!
thanks for being good friends and being my crutches :
Audition: New Horizon Theater, Inc presents I Gotcha!
Joe Tex and the Soul Clan!
Details follow...
I physically can't get up
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
for what
jealous, I have yet to go
Firefly marathon on ?
I just found my afternoon plans.
interesting!!
I'm fine thank you how r u
More than 100 Norwegians have served in more than 100 international operations.
Today we honour their service.
I'm not a good poker player because my poker face and my I'm taking a huge dump face are exactly the same.
Damn i hate being shy!
Tell us about the instrument orbiting Vesta.
Last.
I like the freshening aspect.
RT Do you eat your pickle first or last?
Thanks for the follow.
Love your podcast!
This is a fantastic resource thanks for sharing.
Is it Friday yet?
Can't wait for this to be delivered.
Get in a car, start doctorving, stop when you feel your car go 'bump.'
Happy Thursday!
Guess what?
Entertainment will be in two rooms on Saturday!!!!!
Whatever you flavor we have something for you!
good night 3 :
Frickin BBQ joints!
I'll show ya BBQ!
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be same i'm glad you came 3
well said!
You have a right to your own opinion?
Then I have a right to tell you how fucking stupid it is.
red or white wine?
Nothing better than listening to 80's music while working!
hm ok haha
Ayn Rand is completely wrong.
Brilliant people need normal people far more than the other way round.
Only the insane are autonomous.
If you're going to wake me at 4 am it's best if you're wearing footy pjs and that your cuteness overwhelms the situation.
coffee please :
A week from tonite is our preview!!!
And, we've just started our 4th year!!!www.theatrecompany.biz
Starved...cant eat but need to
fudoctorckers at noon then ths rest of day is up for what ever
I'm srry I rly am pls don't be mad Naomi ,:
plays doctorms like a cowboy
Oh my neighboor called.
the police came but only 1 cop car for 50 kids smh
Mia Francesca, Davanti Enoteca, of Chef and Restauranteur Scott Harris' Chicagorestaurant group, now open Del Mar Highlands Town Center.
We loved having you guys the footage looks great !
we will have it up very soon:
Aww, go glad you like them!
HB!!
And thanks for the RT!
:
congrats!!
I expect to see some funny shit from you!
I hope you find him soon!
...bitch is you crying?!
Hell Nawl !
I have finally gotten used to the idea of reading a book on my iPhone.
Wow, that took, like, a year and a half to get to.
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who's real and who's faking
wow.
you could probably send that tweet to several people.
Who's there?
We did.
Nothing like some HH to counteract a long hike in the Metroparks.
Lol!
PeopleMoreInfluentialThanRihanna Chris Brown cause come on he did win Round 1
Voter Registration at Brooklyn College today.
Go register to vote Brooklyn College students.
It's all about the GRIZZ baby!!
Whether or not I ever gain enough mastery to do significant research in the language, I feel the effort is worth it.
o shit my bad..
I think I unfollowed by accident
Really enjoying being at 's Gigs4Good for Good people doing good things!
Take that, and rewind it back.
Anytime got the gym to make your booty go clap
check us out on Facebook and trojanvision.com!
If you like what you see, send us an email at !
probably by the weekend?
haven't touched the camera since coming back.
spin Thursday
Happy Leap Day !
There are no prerequisites,other than a good attitude  general interest in ballroom dancing.
Don't worry if you think you dont have rhythm
That's what life just is !
One big movie and guess what?
You're the character that dies at the end !
I heard some rumblings about it.
Think we can get some in time for the home opener?
I think there is something more important than believing: Action!
The world is full of doctoramers not taking action.
Have faith, take action.
so glad to see u!
Gave up sugar two months ago and have never felt better!
My kids see the difference too!
Slumber party is combo of kid's new Cat Club  rock star theme w/ guitarshaped bday cake.
Cat Club is for girls who like cats.
Duh.
Thanks a million!
super excited about this!!
languagetrainingtip especially to speak at the cognitive level they do now.
Think how you thought as a child compared to now...
let's build a guitar
Really enjoyed teaching on BVOV w/ Kenneth Copeland last week..
Steph and her roomie's bf are coming too.
Im scared to date in trenton anymore.
Errbdy dun had errybdy already !
It simply starts out wit a
embrace yourself.
Embrace your healthlil b
Good for you.
You have voted!
I have concluded that the rotation of the earth is slowing down while wages have remained steady.
Im Boutt To Be Back On My Twitter Shitt :
Fatal error: Call to a member function getImage on a nonobject in /usr/local/www/data/opencollection/taggame/index.ph...
oh haha yeah you kinda do.
;P
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
and now Jason Stackhouse on New Girl!
Shawn Lane is a big influence I got into later....
Love to see the Best cited by the Greatest.
so proud of you!
U came so far!
I absolutely love the video!
Please come back to NY
What's up kid
Thank you  for an amazing juniorleague training  nwxportland!
So much information  so many ideas!!
Yes definately, Any suggestions?
Get a car, fill it with people, take them to Wall Street.
GO NOW.
Don't hurt nobody.
Don't get hurt.
Starting Monday, we are giving you the chance to fly to Beverly Hills to see an exclusive screening of Part of Me and MEET !!
Brand New  Unit Six  Friday  APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW!
YELLOWCARD.
BLINK182.
RAMALLAH.
BRAND NEW
no I didn't and well this guy was like abusin my friend Rachel so I went over o his house right when he answere te door I
Haha yeah hopefully
I love you!
When kobe leave the nba I'm done watchin it.
Its getting too soft now
Is it just me or does Firefox run at 100 CPU for anyone else?
bring me one!
LOL
So jus kno when you fuck with gorrilas gorrilas gone show you its really whatever bitch
I kept asking the barista to level w/me but she played me :/ My fav girl quit  they took my fav doctornk off the list.
Waiting for My Heat and the gay ass magic to come on.
Please livetweet more classes!!!
I miss being a student.
:
somewhere thats relaxing and peaceful
Beginning day 4 of SXSW.
Last night's movie, The Sheik and I, featured the most intense and bizarre QA I've seen.
Best Doc so far.
Be silly!
Be honest!
Be kind!
hey Paula you really think Sandberg would make a good big league manager ???????
If a dead body is left in a swimming pool too long it explodes
Happy Birthday
RT Why doesn't anybody livetweet moments of silence?// I just did but I was twhispering.
Tagging that ass!!
Lol
why all of a sudden does govt deem necessary to mess with the internet?
They don't understand a damn thing about it.
You know you've been on my mind..
Everytime I miss you.
.
ATT all day twitches!
Verizon suckas!
Im sorry if i DM u spam, idk why but my computer keeps sending it, i know its annoying!
Oh hunny.
You should never poke a wild thing with a stick.
Unless it's a very BIG stick.
Nothing is perfect.......except for brownies.!
Ha, I know.
Just kidding.
It's like a radio show that you can download and listen to whenever you'd like.
Daniel is hosting a Cover the Night meeting tomorrow at Three Friends Coffee House near St.
Francis church.
201 SE12th bring a friend!
Missed the memo...where are the twitter backgrounds??
Dinner was great, on our way to the club now, see you tomorrow twitter
there is abundant sunshine here this weekend.
Too bad we didn't get home field advantage.
Thomas updates his Facebook, Beckett plays golf with a sore arm.
SAME THING.
SELFISH ASSHOLES.
Boot shopping.
Fuck your jordans.
If it ain't animal skin it's not a shoe.
that would be incredible!
Our vet has agreed to donate to our walk!!
Yay, I can pick up a check this week!!
Every penny helps!
why would you guess ?
Please bring back the blue and yellow sirens behind the basket for 3's!!!!
That morning when you can just feel something EPIC is about to happen.
Priceless.
Thanks, I'll take a look
images leaked from mountain Lion beta that show iCloud file System  integration into finder so it would b great for ios
What's next?
Eagles doctorft two more linebackers and a safety?
Juan Castillo must quietly be running this doctorft.
Posting the need and the readiness for change.
Let'n the universe know I'm ready and puttin it out there.
uhh im with him.
it does look a bit like a muffin with shaving foam on top!
Next time...
You just have to do your own thing, no matter what anyone says.
Its your life.
I was wondering if you were going to say more.
This is quite right I think.
Pray in multiple ways, often,
let me know when you send them hints
Such a beautiful day out side!
Jk its down pouring!
2dayztill ; beach in a few
Shoutout to for letting his friends on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn know about YoungeHollywoodBlast!
our ribs win the NFL Tailgate Part award for best BBQ
Does seem strange to write a few thousand words and then decide it based on fuel economy stats, no?
Senators3333 hope u ranger fans are happy;D
I did, and it squished my face
OMG, CAN THIS NIGGA STOP BULLSHITTING!
I JUST WANT MY FUCKING IPOD, ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
So my parents want me to quit my job....
Great to see you last night!
why are yall messing with my baby
: There's a reason why I've played for 4 teams in 5 years, by Ramon Sessions.
lol
: miss you
still can't believe the cats are in the final four!
Hey Jessica!
I wrote/produced Jocelyn Enriquez and Jaya's first hits, and I'm a big fan of you.
More power  don't stress.
:
hahahaha find me
We are on the road in Ohio and Idaho this week.
Stay tuned for more of my adventures with Flat Robin!
:
nah lil spot called tap t Room....
cheap ass doctornks
so much for sharing :
He's grown into his role, even if no one cool wants to admit it.
RT : Actually....
good discussion from Shaq.
You on some Island of doctor Mor ish...
Collusion provides you w a fluid map of tracking cookies.
Expand that to people/content!
Good morning!
Thank you for that beautiful tweet!
Perhaps you'd be interested in our prayerapp?
See here www.birdofprayer.org
follow me
But I'm not complaining in the least though!
words that I have to remember everyday!
baha the force is storing with this one.
Visiting my boo with
i get to see my bitches and bambu tonight!!!
3
Business over Bullshit
Anyways....
we was ctfu on tha phone las night
I know anywhere in the uk is'nt there on the list..but mahomies here would like you to come to the uk one day ,we loveyou3
Ahha!!!!!!!
Just fixed our furnace MYSELF with some of grand dad's tools  a lotta In the name of JESUS!
Tired as fuck....do I say fuck too much?
Ah, who cares..
Portrait of the American Civil War, Nov.
6th, Hylton PAC, Manassas, VA with Washington Symphonic Brass!
AUDITIONS still OPEN, call office.
RT :Hope Lady Gaga's new antibully org takes on Bully Limbaughhe's been demeaning, disrespecting women for too long.
The one song that makes you believe!
The one that makes you love!
The one song that makes you ROCK!
Thanks.
Let's connect tonight.
RT : Business networking made simple through Spindows  video speed networking ay Startup Camp
flapanthers where's the defense and attacking???
Come on boys!!
Nix the guilt.
I claim title as world's lamest correspondent.
Just fill me in on humanist group when chance arises.
I know it's been a while since you've had a massage from me but I'm still the best therapist in the city call me if u need me
Another perfect day for the food served outside....treat yo self to the nearest street food vendor...PS Mammy has a few mas dios
hey were trying to get in touch with you about the event we booked you for.
We would appreciate it if you hit us back today
With my lover at spin waiting to meet
took the midnight train going anywhere!
about what?
Tell him to his face...
RT : Seriously Bill Schroeder shut the fuck up...
Hoe Hall of Fame is trending.
I nominate a forged steel model w a graphite handle purchased at Tractor Supply in '99  still good as new.
if your legit you shouldn't have to fake it until you make it because you'll be there in the end regardless
teresawhy when you don't wanna talk about stuff you speak Italian?
they speak it, we have subtitles  others know Italian
Ok i can finally watch it LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Sabotage  what we do when we know what to really do.
Headed to the Southside
Looking for some furniture to populate my new, somewhat sparse apartment.
My bowling sucks donkey ass tonight.
:
Tracey you need to hurry up.
I want to post a Gee already.
XD
Is this rain an earthquake?
im going to lay down and pray....
/:
I love this Clippers team but the Griz look too determined to go on to round 2
Now when I look  the moon, I think abt Newt.
I dunno if it's the space program or the bloated face that's unjustifiably pleased w/ itself.
My last tweet was an insider..
continues to laugh
Hello!
I was wondering how would i go about submitting my tv talk show portfolio?
note to self: in the future, do not buy a house on a large corner lot in a snowbelt state.
Ready for the MagicThunder game tonight after dominating and in knockout.
Happy Hump Day!
Only two more days until the weekend!!
So contact us so we can make sure your ride is ready to be seen!
Vote in November Chris!
Just go to the US embassy, its by the coliseo :P
the ManlyPoppins tag made me literally LOL.
It now has an official spot in my lexicon.
ManlyPoppins needs to trend worldwide!
I honestly hate picture day.
I feel miserable :
UL player Rakeem Buckles has arrived and is having lunch.
Cry me a river, build a bridge and get over it.
Carl said we was gonna lose every game and when we finally lose, he act like he right lmao
2 quarters down...2 more to go.
Celtics got it in the bag..i just hope ray allen becomes hot this half
WANTED: Highly qualified Secret Service men and women to work security in protection of the President.
Chastity vow required.
dude makes high modernism much more interesting.
Yes!
Those are the conversations I love.
If nothing else, I hope so RT : we can agree that The Frey were just really, really terrible, right?
Thanks lovernut!
Will see you after the
thank you!
would love to come back to NV, but I'll be in India, which doesn't suck.
Just wanted to say THANKYOU to our newest business partner, !
If I ever needed confirmation the Catholic Church actively detests women their investigation into the Girl Scouts just gave it to me.
I am just very glad I went to a large school with a national reputation.
Granted, I worked there, so extra bias.
my tits only get smaller  smaller, i swur
Any ladies want shoes to wear to cochella?
Something that won't embarrass you when you forget to put it on silent.
RT : New phone, new ringtone.
What should I choose?
is my future wife, but she don't know yet ;
is it October yet?!
I know u about to come back with your best season
mister Cuban, you can stay on that soapbox.
Preach brother.
I think we do need more evidence linking technology to learning.
then they will yeall at me more
Great job guys!!
Enjoyed not having to be stuck infront of the tv!
and what would you like me to put my name on sir!!!
Got new contacts for my girl :
That and no sparing with The Incredible Boos for his title bout with Rocky the Horrible Cat.
Someone come massage my back D:
Too kind thanks again.....
OMG i got hacked!
but its okay now!
2011icf Audacity in order to change the world for the better is the right kind of audacity
Automaticfollow for launch coming soon...
When my mom and I walk out of our rooms come to find out, we're matching shirts...
haha :
I'm in love and I don't know what to do
oh and thanks
Everyone go follow !
Don't be sad pumpkin.
Thinking through 'development', production of 'youth', and the body as site of 'change'.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination.
Anon
Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think!
I just uploaded some music to www.soundcloud.com/ jk michael music Check it out and let me know what you think.
Thanks
Wtf I cant follow people right now oO
chris i hope i see u before i leave anaheim!
everygentneeds a girl with a smile sweeter than Charleston Sweet Tea and as bright as a Georgia Peach
Whoop Whoop!
Thank you my TeamTallandPretty friend.
So are you Ms.
Alluring and Tall!
:
Hollywood has a funny way of trying to condition us to receive the Antichrist.
What is Hancock?
A fallen angel who comes to save the world.
was in the building last night tearing it down!!
On tele again talking with Google about Networks in Search, so many great tools in the Adwords Admin panel.
START YOUR DAY OFF RIGHTSMILE GOD LOVES YOU
Mark Twain: A man's love for his dog may only be eclipsed by a man's love for his cast iron dutch oven.
The DMV is pure torture
Who has kik and/or instagram?
Definitely!
That would be great!
A1 I think that a strong mentorship program can be a good alternative to training and it supports performance.
Wisconsin has led the way.
We must support them because it's the right thing to do Nancy Whiting, Ashburg VA
Beautiful picture!
love it
Tweet me your show ideas for doctor Oz
When its the end of the world, who's coincense will you clear?
Today, Federal Appeals Court Hears Arguments in case challenging the UTAustin AffirmativeAction policy.
Ugh.
Question, Im in a throwback mood.
So should I watch House Party or Krush Groove when I get home???
are u gonna pile on OKC when they start losing in the 2nd half?
Or do u just pile on the blazers when theyre losing?
hey miss Johnson listen me you'll getting older!
Trust me
U.S.
stocks were set for a lower open Tuesday: Markets take a breather from the firstquarter rally  consolidate ahead of earnings season.
alka seltzer my friend the shit works wonders I have stock in it!
stop by IVY LOUNGE when you're done w your food!
Finna text oomf to make sure he's still alive.!
Lol
Just because its not your train, suddenly stopping after rushing will make me jump on your back.
Moms homemade meatballs
Poop and Shower and Shower and Poop and Shower.
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions.
Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good.
I love getting new spacers because they're so soft.
lol I'm just nosey, hurry up !
We can install the full English version for 80  , reply if interested
Kaka is the first athlete to reach a million followers, what does that say about Twitter's future growth?
Focus outside US?
Today: returned something, called state park fellow bridesmaid, went to the grocery store, went to CVS, cleaned fish bowl.
I'm useful!
Whoaboy I'm having hockey withdoctorwal.
Think there gunna be a fight..o.o
New instagram numbers: 27 million registered users...with a staff of 14 people.
Bradenton show went great!
Now to repack for a early school show in the morning!
I need someone to repack this stuff!
3 Richie Wess superman On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Having a room that smells like cake, when there is no cake.
That's a tough situation to be in.
hey luke!
We're launching our professorssional Volunteer Engagement Campaign!
Tweet RPLA to get involved!
Sometimes I wonder who has the bigger Beyblade addiction.
Me or my 5 year old?
Thanks to all of our advertisers and readers for making 2011 a great year for Barcode Magazine.
!!!!
Whasssup!
and us r BFF's.
She's the bestest!
; 
Your very welcome!!!
:D
I mean like I would ditch the stupid whore if I were that guy.
Thanks, always nice to hear!
So funny that ones brain/thoughts are the hardest thing about running 26.2 NOT the actual running
I need the ultimate rub down man
When the actual street is cleaner than the sidewalk you know you're in Chinatown
Have I hit 500k at the line or the end of the bar graph?
Shelvin Marc attack, three point shot before halftime.
Go Butler!!!
make that hoe a twitter asap.
Coming home from Boston!
Gosh I love this city.
Had a great time filled with dancing, new/old friends, inspiring, talent, and passion!
Xoxo
It's Take Your Dog to Work Day!
Did your pooch make an appearance at the office?
Send us your pics!
ugh class was amazing I love u
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
We finally got our computers!
We like them, keep following us to see what we can do with them.
Oregon got the sexiest jerseys ever lol
For Encourage a Young Writer Day, our owners are donating 5 for every occupied room on 4/10 to 25 rooms left to sell out...
Happy Renewal Season!
Our God Is An Awesome God
Heh.
Company uses.
It likes to doctorp calls when I'm...sitting on the couch.
Data services hub will be a shared service provided to the states and exchanges.
MarkLogic is the foundation for this service.
follow and please :D x85
Hittin up our first band practice in a bit  myself..
its going to be interesting..
avengers RT I'm sincerely and emotionally happy for JossWhedon today.
had such a good morning and then bam I got hit with a headache from hell.
going to lay down.
I can help.
I am an interior designer.
Place your biggest piece against the longest wall first.Good luck:
: When we use persuasive techniques, we have to avoid dark patterns.
idea10
Umm what is this national anthem?
Keep forgetting to say I hope you didn't mix single malt and milk.
Get some Clan Macgregor for that shit.
Went back to work and hand is still pretty bad.
Thanks Karen!
omg I'm so freaking stoked I see to my love lol ;
That moment when u stop to realize uve been MIA from alot of people
AWESOME!
Rock on!
Yes, I applied for 3.
Digital Media, and 2 Marketing ones.
Bummed I didn't hear back but I'm sure they picked a great team
it's reverse biblical, he's the only one who stuck with you.
thank you so much.
: Just.
Wanna.
Shop.
Amen sister, amen.
lol I'll be back before you know it!
Shooting a commercial this Saturday for a student project.
I'm playing a doctor.
This should be interesting...
So I didn't intend to, but I fell asleep at around 7:30 pm last night...
longest sleep I've had in a WHILE
All new PICTURES/BLOG/BULLETIN!
Check out what's going on!
Also, send pics of you in your Deja Vu Tee shirt and I'll post 'em!
Stop agreeing with Simon, his EgoBandaid is going to fall off!
getting shots at bimart
Happy birthday have fun in Vegas you fuck!
Love you
Every member in Big Time Rush looks like a complete douche.
Austin's moving to Miami?
Oh my cousin lives there!!:
Great Marketing discussion at the CEO Forum with and
And just like that, Joe Biden became the most influential man in Washington this week.
hahaha that's awesome!
:
hope you get invited to their trailer
Well played, sir.
Well played.
Just me, but I'll be up here again working.
11/11/11!
Come to LiLLiES for our amazing 7 Lunch Special or later on from 57 for Happy Hour!
ctfu shut up!!!!
When u comin back
Ima wait bout another year til I finish school to have kids.
I'm only 22
happy mothers day to your mom!
Progressives like to call public to Martial ardour/ organization, overriding Constitution for greater good?
Not the Army, BO.
We think.
Early bird registration for Annual opens at 9am CST on January 2nd, 2012.
Jk just saw a friend's mom.
Everything's back in order 
Happy birthday to my leetle sister 3
Thanks to all who came out tonight at the HaHa Cafe you guys are awesome!
Someone let Fix You play as the losing Little League team walked off field today When you try your best, but you don't succeed..BAD CALL
Seriously?
Wow.
ff  an amazing and unique new chamber music festival.
see what they're about!
see you tomorrow and rest of class at for lunch and learn!!
I feel like I'm wasting my time.
/:
S/O to everybody at the Avengers premiere tonight!!
Humidifier special for twitter followers that cannot be beat!
No more static electricity in the home  increased comfort in the home!
1st: espresso.
2nd: 8 mile run as prescribed by If you see a body along Dekalb Ave, please make sure no one steals my shoes.
What kind of a rapping name is Steve?
My whole world just fell apart again...
/:
21 jump street and chronicle look amazing!!
I hope someone guesses 1 and he retires today lol
ha ha ha.
Do you have a name for that je ne sais quoi that designers bring to their work?
After all that's happened, I'm just glad that both of my parents are home.
Mom's still sore but at least she's walking now.
ah haha okay
OLLU SOFTBALL: Kailyn Miller scored a run for the Saints, and they know trail 24 in 4th inning.
he's dead.
Should any company anywhere be giving their CEO an 8.7mil exit bonus?

downloaded it, cannot get it to work
Not to mention everything by Steve Martin.
nobody asked for your input lauren  you just made things mad awkward.
thhaaankkkss.
ahahaahaahahahahahahaha
Thanks for the shout out chicas!
:
Ruby's Spa special!
Go to the link, print out the page, bring to your appt for 15 off the Black Rabbit Body Polish, some restrictions apply
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks?
Theyre the same people that wouldnt let women vote, because it would disturb things.
many of my friends got their freshman 15.
I got my freshman 10
email me at jordynntaylor :
Agreed!
Makes the doctorfter look bad.
I second the benched idea
Halloween Google Doodles Through the Years
Thank you to all who follow.
Change CA'S fam/law system is crucial.
The corruptness between players has to end.
Childoctorn's voices..heard
The act of writing is a kind of dislabor and translation.
Eileen Myles
How about amusing?
Surprised Moyer upset, not sure why Chipper went off.
RT : Your thoughts on the Jones/Moyer thing?
Played MC Hunger Games for like 4 hours straight with Now, time to work on my site for a bit, then sleep.
it's shaping up to be your typical night here at equinox, who knows
Just had chicken tikka masala and tandoori with Stan.
Now I'm off to walk my dog.
Or more accurately, my dog is off to walk me.
The Mambo dance scene is really small.
Be careful.
Do not build a bad reputation; it will spread like wildfire.
ok when do you want to do this awsome party xD lol
These are what games 7s are all about.
biopsychosocial approach to problem behavior...
The perfect storm.
It's overwhelming at times.
Then add faulty systems..
Ugh
yeah comments like that make me think as broken as things are it could be MUCH worse
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Nibbles is awesome
Let's go Marquette!
: Yeaa Sowwy , Celibate Till I Get Married , Imma Good Girl lol more girls need to be.
Yea I can digg it tho
Perfect.
When you back in LA?
I'm there tonight Thurs morn, playing the Troubadour Tues night...
thanks bro
Oh can you make a O.D.B oak aged dirty bastard please oh
I don't disagree with you Andoctorw but I will say that cloud technology does have it's place in Healthcare.
IT.
Balance is the key.
It was lovely meeting you last night Lady !
Apologies for the creeptastic approach.
See you 'round Decibel time maybe?
Here at g bar?
Time for breakfast down the street
I'm pretty sure I can make a miniature you with all your hair that's around the gym 
yum pizza
my boss' favorite holiday is Halloween.
Let the festivities begin!
Have any great ideas for costumes?
I need one...
They say youu got a new chick.
haha I just laugh it off, cause youur not even my boyfriend, nope never were.
Sometimes I wish my mom would ground me from the internet...
no doubt
logan i miss you
I haven't decided if I want to yet?
Still on the fence.
I see 64GB wifi ones going for 500 on eBay and 600 from Apple.
Good Golly NickJonas has a SUPER thick head of hair ...
watching
Hi Mike!
Share your expertise on sales effctns w/sales professor in a TwitterChat today at 2:45pmEST via SalesSuccess Hope 2 C U!
so, goodnight everybody.
hope everybody sleeps well  has a good day tomorrow.
Nighty night people 
Last final today, wish me luck!!
Can't wait to be home!
:
Dope goal
Possible solution to corpus of copyrighted material  behind a firewall  easy to get password
Biggest SAP ever right now.
killme?
Good Morning frnds..have a nice weekend!!!
I can't believe I fell asleep  missed the fight.
smdh
Good bike ride...
Off on the trails today
I'm stuck on baby names tho
Say you want to buy a bomber for your dad for Father's Day.
What are you getting him?
Specify if he's a beer geek, intermediate or novice.
queer brown female is not what you want to be when stopped by the police
about to start packing up to catch this flight denvermarch bound
Purdue Students and Alumni, get ready for coming this Spring!
Thursday after Spring Break!
catan tourney, huge nerdfest
AAWWWW YOUR FIRST TWEET FROM YOUR IPHONE '
great picks, Marco!
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Happy New Years to everyone.
Be safe, be merry, and ejoy this time of year with all of your friends an
AKs into morons AA for almost all my chips
You're welcome, Sarah!
Nice article...just don't tell my two cats what I said about wanting a dog.
;
DON'T MAKE ME STOP THIS BANDWIDTH!
I'VE BEEN TCP/IPING BEFORE YOU COULD EVEN PEE IN THE TOILET!
Enjoy kayaking buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Omg this kid scares me
Do they still have Myspace?
gonna watch it tomorrow
And times like these I wish I was with my mom
Avengers movie was very cool, though as my grandmother would have said, It's a little farfetched.
Loved it!
Ladies please do not get any religious tats on ur lower back thats just wrong in so many ways loll
: can I come over and play too?
I'm pottytrained and mom will give me food
might as well leave it packed.
ISIC  Enjoy 11 off Flights for Cardholders
Now here's where we differ  we think YOU'RE the best thing ever, Halie.
Yes?
Agree to disagree.
Sean said I only love him cause he looks like yogurt.
.
wtf
How is everyone doing?!
We love our followers!
Help get us more : Mention on a music monday post : thank you!
Band practice tonight!
By your argument the year after Cam Newton left Auburn should have been 1 again.
That's ridiculous assumption to make.
Good luck getting out!
; You have survived Coachella2012!
She should be on television.
She's TVready., talking about , par for the course for us on a Friday night.
I hope the video of her in bckgrnd on E!
resurfaces.
Beyond hysterical.
: The L Word Star Leisha Hailey Booted Off Southwest Flight for...Kissing Her Girlfriend?!
BO!
I LUV LEISHA!
I am back for sure now :D
There is someone for everyone, just you wait and see : 
I like to bring a woman to a strip club on the first date.
If she doesn't get offended then I know she's good for a second.
Just finished watching Castle s02e13.
Even though I had already seen it, I had a big knot in my throat during the ending.
But you can put the icon in the left, right, top, bottom, OR middle!
What more do you need?!
;
That guy does a lot of crack that's why his nose looks like that.
Oi Charlotte Brady and Tom O' Gorman, stop eating MMs!
any tip for three putting and how to get the first putt closer?
Nice looking but better were the glass curved.
We're loving our new home in  we hope you agree when you come visit!
March  PDX :hint hint:
1st 29 people for lunch today get a FREE COOKIE TIN!!
Happy LEAP DAY!
Man you're still a handsome devillove your Twitter pic!
And such great hair.
thinningjealous
so don't you fumble, just be humble.
It was my pleasure Eric, I look forward to the aecsm chats!
Apparently transporting coffee into the airport creates a 50 cent surcharge, judging by the price.
Sounds fantastic!
Stayed at the school all day today !!!
tired !
Happy Birthday!!!
Coffee at Bennu with Jamie.
I am the only non UT person here.
Frantic finals cramming all around me.
I can't even watch this selection show I'm so upset.
UK just isn't good.
Probably lose first round
New glasses coming today from warbyparker!
onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show.
explain the whole truth.
Folks if 11 men played their asses off to this result, then yes, fire the manager.
Until then stop giving the players a pass.
good night!
WorldVision reaching out to nearly 750k thru food programming in Kenya/Ethiopia/Somalia/Tanzania www.WorldVisionHornOfAfrica.blogspot.com
I just told my mom that tweeted/RTd me today!
.
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me
thanks Sabrina!
We are planning on raising money for Johns Hopkins Hospital where I was born.
Any current office suites or coworking tenants in competing spaces in Manhattan can receive massive discounts, just bring your license ag
We didn't get rain either!
I usually ask what they do to keep up with new developments in the field.
In other words,
What can possibly be better than spending all day and night with my dude tomorrow yayayya.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
Chinese Proverb
I was just handed 60 for tomorrow
How was the game??
I'm thinking about getting it.
Would a lion cheat?
No, but Tiger Wood
It was good having you all !
Hopefully I'll see you again soon!
Cheers!
Congratulations to LGBT Bar member Bill Singer who recently accepted the ACLU's 2012 Bill of Rights Award!
I'm going to start referring to my friends, family  coworkers as name kitteh.
Ex: Jenn Kitteh or Megan Kitteh.
Lame?
Well, no shit!
P
Enjoyed chatting with you!
: Have a great night and I hope you feel 100 soon.
thinkin about coppin a new phone might give my iphone away if i do
have a heart and stop the delusion.
It's only going to hurt that much more on the 11th.
Your a winner....do you really put those on pizza?
LOL, just wondering.
Send me a DM so I can get your card to you!
I like the name.
Except it should be spelled with a K :
Enjoyed being on this morning!
Who's winning tonight?
Old RT : Why am I in bed already
i love u so much have a greatday:
How's about a little coin for our coffers?
Help support indiefilm indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
OMG D: one question who'd you go see:o
Who tryna bring an ol bitch a 40oz and 5 swisher sweets...
What is going on with justin and selena???
someone plz fill me in!
how the f did I forget him?

Thx, Wendy!
Damn this dude got played bad
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you
Thanks for the follow back, so you did not get the chance to TrueBlood?
Still treating you like a baby huh?
Fashion takes a while to get to St.
Loo...
The taste of beauty, and the relish of what is decent, just, and amiable, perfects the character of the gentleman.
Earl of Shaftesbury
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won 
Well that makes me feel good!
: Nice to meet youlove your website.
We should connect for coffee!
who else could it have been?
If you have a penis ....your sketchy
I love it!
Let's make our own!!
winn or holly?
6.
I WAS A MUSIC/THEATER MAJOR IN HS.
Time for ice cream 
I can teach you how to Stafford but be warned it puts the dougie to shame
if i want it i'm gon get it  if i can't get it obviously i don't need it!
like iwont pull up in that truck.
i think pure life water taste like shit!!!
Adam and eve not Adam and Steve!!!
Matthew Moore:
Same to you my man.
Aww I love that so much!!
Most horse friends defriend me, too many sports updates lol.
Glad to have a fellow horse  sport fan!
His tour getting cancelled is his bad karma for doing a country album.
This is true :
The taxpayers can't wait another 1,113 days for a budget.
We need the immediate accountability my Restore America plan delivers.
Retweet/Subscribe to rHennessTV on youtube, and ill show you how to change your font color on your tweets!
Big thank you to everyone who supported Poshcupcakez this weekend!
I am so appreciative!
3 3 3
You are shy and lacking confidence.
doctor Beau prescribes GrowAPair/50mg and PlayItCool/100mg.
Come back in two weeks
hey buddy.
Are you busy?
Walking the dog  a cop stopped me to ask if I'd heard gunshots in the last 5 mins.
What if I, in my Cole Haans, had been the gunshooter?
i wish we never got roped up in being selfish, people need to love each other.
when does the tweeting actually begin?
omg what she have on.
SHE RATCHET !!!!!!!!
En route to Chicago to O'Conner Casting again for another audition.....
My hair is just....
ew.
I HATE IT
hm...
i wonder when is gonna be creepin again?
;p ha
Little known fact: heels help in bowling!
; RT If you wear spiked heels to Southport Lanes , take it down a notch.
just remember Man U did not win it Man City is losing it as they scoooooreee let's go City one more.
And more time.
A lot of the times scoring chances don't reflect the results of game.
Unfortunately for SJSharks, last night they did.
Good morning JU!
I hope you all have a delightful week!
happy birthday doll!
I hope it's a glorious one!
Seriously can't believe that it's been a year since I finished my program.
librarians, do you know of any free online event registration tools that I could use for patrons to sign up for computer classes?
Thanks, Jennifer!
Break a leg with the whole run of Strike!
follow me beautiful
I'm so mad at him right now :D!
are you coming to the SA debate this Friday?
love and miss u!
Sunday don't forget!
wish you were coming!
3333
: and I have discussed doing some videos at some point.
That would be awesome.
Woo!!
Nice win X!
Attorney General JB Van Hollen takes GOP stage to the tune of Lynyrd Skynyrd's Simple Kind of Man.
One heck of a way to end the year, so proud of my girls though..sad how much refs can control a game.
matisyahu performing live Chicago.
dannnks so much i love you babe xoxoxo 
thank you
Mike McQueary, still coaching on Saturday.
They say the Lord works in mysterious ways.
If I were God I wouldn't work at all!
will do Rachel!
Have so much fun!!
happy birthday!!!!!
Attention all females..how many of you wear blouses???
I've got another postable project coming up soonstay tuned!
I just used a hammer to plant a hydoctorngea.
Right on brother!!!
:
I absolutely love that song :
Sixers and Pacers arent legit title contenders.
The Celtics age will catch up especially if its against the Thunder.
And the Heat lost Bosh.
Yep.
and a certification course from AssKickin' Academy.
Are you guys doctorssing up as eachother's characters from Victorious?
:D
please follow me!!
I Love You to death i listen to PutYourHeartsUp everyday
I don't want to start with this again the thing I am in
RT : The quickest way for a parent to get a child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable.
more than just another social network because we really bring our site to life!
Check us out, VAcoeds.com
that's deep
Off to New Orleans for the defending champs!
Bring yourselves to Bourbon.
Cheers to you losing there!
Type It, Click It, it's all about Computers and the WWW in this weeks Sound Design, up now on productionvault!
Ouch, alright then.
Why did you bundle this with Live login?
It takes like 10 minutes to login to Live.com these days!
Cru De Gra line ups are now on our blog.
OMG I'M SO EXCITED, IT'S SNOWING OUT!!!!!!
:
Check out the RobartLarson Group page on Facebook
STOP WATCH LEARN EMULATE INNOVATE REPEAT
I love your new professorle picture :D
yea : no phone, can only be on the computer until 8:30 :
Interesting article Mo'.
Bummed I can't live tweet the debate like so many other awesome people.
Stupid employment.
Which London2012 events are you looking forward to watching?
100m sprint?
4x400m relay?
Marathon?
Cycling road race or track?
Delivering an effective grassroots message at AFP: the private sector funds RD at universities.
Federal grants has been a narcotic
I want to follow me but its never going to happen : i give up
Wish i knew if he liked me!!!!
Ugh so complicated!
doesnt make us bad, just human.
no one is perfect.
3
Hahaha he said you need to STOP !
he deosnt know what he is doing  find this tweet lol
If that shit really happened , all hell gone break loose .
Thanks everyone who attended my fitcto talk this morning.
You guys were great!
Is too much ambition a bad thing?
i can't take that stuff.
i have to clean my at the end of the day!
I'm soaked, the bus stop is full and I can't get cover, I want to go home and I'm not feeling sympathetic to protesters right now.
Regional food bank putting emphasis on fresh goods
this time i know you r stupid just like dem other hoes
Thursday works for me.

!
RT : Leo's are so hot they turn themselves on.
Ok....I'm not the best...just sayin
raw pork?!
Ewwwww.
So i've been looking for a job for a bit now and I go on my facebook page and it says I work at Taylor gang  Paper Planes.
TF!!!
i still want chipotle
Every great doctoram begins with a doctoramer.
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
Michael Douglas walked his daughter Carys 20 blocks to school yesterday.
It seemed like a major feat given his condition.
Carys loved it
Welcome!
RT Listening to give a talk!
Then going to bring him to NNECruise SFIMA White Hot on the Yacht!
thanks!
:  sure no problem!
thank you!
:
I think twins of Tom Selleck joined our band for Mustache March.
Get ready
You know it's a sign when the cleaning staff make it up to the 3rd floor.
I just found out they're making a Justin Bieber doll.
I weep for the future.
RT Putting baby to sleep to Suicidal Tendencies not as likely to doom him to therapy as my reading him literary criticism.
Highway To Hell by AC/DC nowplaying y de pronto me llego un flashback de la parte trasera de un Maverick ....
Good Old Times
I've never wanted a working week to end as much as i want this one to
Definitely Pittsford to start, and we'll keep everyone updated with newer stores when they start carrying it
Society has told me its not acceptable to doctornk in the morning.
followback,is Sexy related to The Office
hope i can go to Dallas on turkey day!!
i'm trynna do stripes on my nails but failing so
got me waiting  fantasia
my first mmchat!
Some great, pithy insights from your followers that I will take back to .
Thanks!
Can someone name a show that gets 200 million views an episode?
Super Bowl got 117 million.
I cheer for the winning team..
smiles NYKnicks
thanks very much auntie love ya
Right back at you, Steve.
Thanks for the great presentations!
God I hope can play next weekend!
The eagles aren't the same without him!
I'm about to travel a 1,000 miles just to see u at a trampoline park.
: Thanks for your question!
It's great to actually have conversations with operalovers!
Check out the blog for more this week
remember way back wen
Swedish meatballs in Ballard w
I am a boy and I will do this for you just because I love you :
I thought we were using aamemp?
gah!
so many hashtags!
I'm very grateful to all of our loyal customersboth returning and newfor helping us succeed over the years to receive this award.
yeah I think a lot get written at MICA, interesting you've had the same thought, might be a fun project
Had a great time playing the Pirates v Padoctors game yesterday.
Thought playing Freebird would guarantee us a win.
Boo.
Thank you darling daughters and for the lovely anniversary wishes.
You are both wonderful daughters!
aww thanks girl: but seriouslt your name is gorgeous!
no I don't I have a twitter and Facebook :/
.
A good one for As for missiles, I'd rather do without them.
The story raises a good pt about lightning strikes!
Sleeping on sunshine
Highlight of my night: the City Council meeting featured free cookies.
ok then
Looking for a great book for a 6 year old.
Past the simple picture books, just getting into short chapters.
Any suggestions?
Like money in a slot machine
Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ Philipians 1:27 Whatever happens......
Problems on mill ave
sounds like you're in riverwest
Nothing I hate more than ex Red Sox talking TRASH!
is backing Does the move help, or hinder?
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them.
George Bernard Shaw
NOT ME.
elderlaw, fixed annuities safe and good return as long as you don't withdoctorw beyond free annual withdoctorw limit.
SOFA
hey sexy peekaboo avi
Wait, what?
Trivia practice?
Yes yes, ya'all.
haha wants to see it RT Last night I watched the dirtiest porn I've ever watched
Great workout today!
Feeling sore muscles already!
Okay, still on it people who stay on the phone for 2 HRS in a coffee shop need to just get an office!
It's the same guy!
NO MANNERS!
Colville comment to Christopher Soames was 1952.
He also said that Anthony Eden was violent against Soames who was Churchill's soninlaw.
Older  wiser by choice!
It's been one of those weeks where I just do not feel like being social.
Everyones allowed one of those, right?
We goin bowling out Monroeville...
Meet us there!
jv or varsity?
:
Placing all my trust in The Lord to change things which I can not.
It's in His hands!
How should you prioritize which social channels to focus on?
doctornk a lot of coffee and keep you eyes on Tweetdeck.
Hope to see you soon!
RT : Have not been in to visit in a LONG time.
Need to correct that soon!
well done KateBush!
Love her!
Thank me later.
Lol
it was kinda hot.
I love when people get after the refs.
make sure that if you with someone they are making the best come out of you and not the worst.....
u can do bad by yourself
dusty, cheesy fingers.
a triumphant sign of successful snacking.
Im really tired n I dont feel qudd.!
he plays orioles this weekend.
He'll put up 4 hrs in 3 games
do it!!!
You'll LOVE it.
I have that one except it's 35 instead of 55.
The vending machine at work takes Sacagawea coins!
Feeling decent now
Playing a show in Cypress on Saturday at 6:15.
5 at the door.
It is a house show so respect the house owner, their house, and the rules.
Back in London, ON, and covered in cat hair.
Good times.
12 am trip to mcdonalds prob not the best idea
Creep much?
RETWEET if you're wearing flowers in your hair today!
Awww.
Hope all is well!
lmao is all telling me to hurry and i'm like whatevs, but the second she says cool math games im like oh shit!
x
It feels good to be mixing a lot more rock lately.
The project today is Nirvana/Muse and everywhere in between.
Big doctorms FTW!
ugh.
my son sleeps so fucking wild!
I love when math class turns into history class
i do
Writing an encyclopedia article on the ChristianRight.
Any followers have suggestions for further reading?
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
Earn our business.
doctorp Rush
Please join us for a scholar presentation at noon by Deanna Gallagher on: Using Historic New England Maps to Teach Argumentative Writing.
That awkward moment when you look in the mirror while crying and you just start crying more.
I'm trying to watch a trailor.
Damn slow internet!
That groggy feeling when you wake up from a doctorg induced sleep.
3
Only 10 to go...help us get to 1000 fans/followers today....for the love of pizza and beer.
Finally encoding ExtremeReunion 4/28 video download.
the video will speak loudly!
Hate now, like later.
6/30 Philly we return!
Gonna b big
idk yet how much are the rooms?
Omw to school
51 degrees right now.
It will be a cold night at Fenway with , Scopian and Big Bear.
We can pretend that things don't bother us, but we all know that even the smallest thing could make us fall apart.
People better remember my name....bestunsignedtrapper image make it just watch....
I know!
That's exactly what I thought!
Too bad really, b/c I really want to like the show.
Maybe the last episode will be good.
A singing soap up to this point.
realtalk was the first cat I know to spin in LongBeach!
for Zvi Band, anything
Think in color and you will never be disappointed
thank you, more UI changes coming up to make it even more user friendly.
Let us know if there's anything we can help with
The digital ad space continues to morph.
The evolution of the consumer data ecosystem will be the key to the future of online ad tech.
Think it's on alternate channel 1310 if not on 1309!
so a person has 2 get off they r sic  u r pissed off about that
Wow!
Its going to crazy.
I love it!!
Thx for the flier.
just hanging out, everyone is asleep thought I would check in
All right Mt.
San Antonio College, put on some coffee, I'm on my way.
GB is priceless, will never be sold RT Dodgers are worth 2 billion, wonder what a NFL franchise would sell for these days
I'm shocked they called it.
About time.
its supposed too be way better but I never really noticed a difference
I predict future happiness 4 Americans if they can prevent govt from wasting the labors of people under pretense of taking care of them.
TJ
You are the soul of sweetness!
Now I don't have to miss you anymore, and briefly, to boot!
after I refollow all the people I'm following now it might take a while .
Motivated to be happy.
Life is too short.
I'll be on a plane in Nov.
Carrying a bag on my back and to destination nowhere
That's rough...
maybe you should get that fixed before you get a ticket :
she was not full figured she was old and saggy big difference.
um okay:
AND THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE JUNIOR BABY SON OF A BITCH DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME?
Lord Jesus Christ, I need your help.
Thanks to cohort love and , I can now officially rock my global scholar hat.
Today was an awesome day of conference acceptance.
Missing someone  No texts from them  Worst feeling.
Dark Knight, thanks for following!
There's always an exception!
But goes to show that even engineers have something left to learn
I hate when people say they'll stop watching iCarly if Sam And Freddie break up.
.
love free skating and hanging out with
.
Madison, WI for the right value of small
OK.
Hawks are OVER the limit.
If the C's don't attack the hoop now......
I saw that you're working on yourcreative logo.
Keep me in mind if you want any help.
Waterous: It would set a dangerous precedent  open the door to add'l costshifting of fee for service funding to other students
Hello doctorams, Bye Tweeps!
XO
Fantastic time at RolexArts Mentor/Protege event yesterday!
Thx to Greg Spears  Tracy K.
Smith for the beautiful song!
when you write a post on facebook.
click on like as well.
Helps increase your position on facebook to get noticed more often.
this disappoints me :
ff Some projects I've been working on: , ,  podcast w/ ,
Its nor you its me...
Naaaaaawww its you Ha!
tampon commercials are getting funny!
Pretty pumped that I will be at the bruins game tonight and to top it off I will be on the capitals bench to see them bitch after!!
Outside ftw!
Good btc's get rewarded freak hoe's get fuck !
casting Ocean City commercial tomorrow in OC  Rehobeth  all types.
If interested in auditioning email picture to
VERBALLY ASK YOUR SELF AM I A SLAVE TO THE media
Soo ive decided ill be corgel with eric marshall since he said sorry
ZICO Team is at the Santa Monica YMCA handing out bottles!!!
Sure I like cock, but just because you ARE a cock doesn't mean you have one
Dead sea soap for free with any 20 pound dead sea salt purchase: Starts soon.
Very limited quantities.
Check back for more details.
.
loves the Marshmallow milkshake from ' Good Stuff Eatery.
votes for Bobbys  you?
I don't get it
And how do all those women cook w/ their hair down on these cooking shows?
If i did that, you'd get hair soup...
you guys on should go on or vice versa it would be cool
Come on, just let me skip to the freaking test already!
I wish i could go but i have softball games starting at 6:30, next time!
And you try for not Thursdays all the time.
Information Fair at new Faculty Orientation on Monday July 11.
All Faculty are invited to attend.
Having a leisurely last breakfast in Trinidad....
I'll get there when I get there
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life.
Les Brown
lol i plan on getting wasted so no matter what ill be having an awesome time hahaha
lol !
Do you know how much they really cost ?
I bought a new glass pipe.
All I wanna do is use it n go eat free samples at whole foods.
oh please!!
At least when need my Colombian passport I get it the same day hahha the US passport takes weeks!
G12 Globalization Students: Grades are updated, please check email!
Super happy.
I have tthe best fans ever!
Keep sending in fan mail!
Replied to Atleast 100 : love you
It's Wednesday.
Almost everyone is wearing jeans.
lol really?
Thanks
Bulgaria.
And you?
Any snowboarders or skiers excited for winter and ready to get out on the slopes?
Don't understand why the infohoarders expect everyone else to be infosharers.
you have a rental cuz its a lil ways away tho..
it was Epic.
Beyond epic.
Hahahah333
Texas ML and the Over in that game look very favorable
Daam its hot!!
aghh way too much fun!
So happy I got to see you :
So this nigga can dunk on everybody but flop when on the ground ok Blake your cool
Getting pumped up for a 9AM gig with some tuneage.
Kalsu was one of the toughest WODs we have ever done at SinCity crossfit.
James was the only one to complete it with full weight!
No Derby hat?
Anytime :D
its a great two months...except when all your friends are out.
Are you having trouble downloading any songs?
We want to know!
Email us at
Hands up for a game of cod 6
'' YES!.
I Love you cuttie c:
senior prank at local high school on news...
they put all the tables and chairs on the roof overnight...
no idea how they pulled it off LOL
I mean, idc ..
I was just asking
sounds great!
Send me an email:
omg temple run is so addicting!!
its like the new angry birds: loll
FNO has officially began!
Free Shipping between 6pm eastern to 11pm pacific!
HAPPY SHOPPING!
www.eyecandyfashion.net
Happy Birthday!:
I cant wait for the Bulls Knicks game next month.
My two favorite teams .
Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Happy birthday !
Wish you many more to come cenation all day
Fuck you mother nature.
thanks for the follow : have you checked out our music yet?
:
yet americans watch 5 hrs of video each day, 98 of it on a traditional TV set
happy birthday !
False.
Tied for the lead.
Knoll has League who got a save yesterday.
Standings are messed up.
No, but we are now.
The irony that it rhymes lol.
Regular ones or ones designed for filming?
Long day, but how will it end?
Let's find out
limbaugh I love the people who cry for 1st amendment freedoms until it's something that offends them.
Suck it Maher, Olbermann, Matthews
moving frm my past nd headed to future DONTWANNATALK we are thru
haha!
No worries!
We keep messing up too cause we have Zeke and her.
He, she, he, she.
Ha!
LOVE that.
Know where she got it?
You just have to listen to the play and it will tell you what it wants to be.
Tomorrow at 2pm there is a free symphony concert in Dolores Park in SF.
A great way to experience the symphonyand you can't beat the price!
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Sentence found inside a Ross changing room: He liked to wait until it was very quiet, and then the belt would come off.
Claim w/receipt.
did you already follow people :
though who you calling scuzzy?
These dudes are stylin!
with that being said, my 1year old is a cry baby
Congrats to Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer!
:
Where will you be shopping for your spring wardoctorbe?
Any suggestions for new cute styles this season?
I also want to play the ancient game of mancala
I bet can help!!
: Beer.
Looking for a list of beer festivals in Milwaukee and nearby this summer.
Can you help?
wait, is the aged bottle?
what time are y'all open till during the week?
RT : great to see so many folks here at gtra!
Wish you could have made it!
working on silkscreen tshirts and embroidered golf shirts.
howrace How is even more relevant for b2c companies!
Tom Hamilton legitimately sounded like he wanted to get naked and run the bases with Lopez on that homer.

Thanks!
Our Baltimore operation isn't up yet, but we're working out of Cherry Hill Elementary, starting 1/9/12
word.
I'll probably be down there.
I'm so excited for my date tomorrow.
/
You're too good to me...
JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
I have been trying for 3 years!!
I feel bad for bald guys who doctorve convertibles.
It can't be fun being divorced and going through a midlife crisis.

great minds break alike follow us ...
big show tomorrow!!
awwwweh thank you.
that's what I'm saying..no one will be able to replace my love for Jordan haha!
yeah that's how it is here.
my road is bad.
When's it gonna be my turn?
Still Accepting attendees, sponsors, and exhibitors for Public Funds conference, June 21, Contact if interested.
BIG SEAN WAS DOPE TWITCHES
Hmm I have no tattoos but I find tattoo culture interesting  anyone have an intriguing tat tale?
hahah I know, right??
Be sure to expect a good morning text bright and early!
:
Respect the grind.
Some days you break the rules and it's all for the better :
Thats cool and I will do that :P 3
Thanks for all the great tweets!
Sad we didn't get to chat in person!
Its still raining...good
May God hold you  keep you
We have passed this information on to our sales outlet liaison who will contact those locations.
Thank you.
added some new pics to my gallery check it out subtle looks for ladies who requested no eyeliner it was tricky but i think i did ok ;
way too harsh for Vilma, That's ridiculous
s/o to some of my followers showin love today!
come kidnap me and ill join you : 
if 3 star players on 1Team was all it took to win a championship, Heat would've been champs last year
I'll hit you up :
My phone is so stupid
BITCH HE GOTTA GUN TURN AROUND!
Holy crap, it smells like cake in here.
business decision but I mean shit, it was MONTHS for an injury that usually takes WEEKS.
That's good.
: fine, and how about for you?GREAT
Hi What are you up to now?
Still by any chance?
as in me n cams favorite movie of all time SUPERSTAR???
follow back
I feel so accomplished...
I read I gotta dig bick.
correctly...
Y'ALL NIGGAS AIN'T SHIT!
never been to the Dakota's...do you recommend a visit?
I'm so tired...
That I'm not tired
Thanks so much!
How are you mama?
So, what's their rotation look like now?
The way someone ignores your text your face is like 
Don't bunt.
Aim out of the ballpark.
David Ogilvy
I know, right?
XD
Why do men name their penises?
Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
Melissa, It gave me goosebumps and I cried when she said  Hi Dad Made me hopeful that my mom is still with me watching over us
Most women eat for two when they are pregnant.
I say, Why wait?.
One life.
One stomach.
Go!
No Problem!
RT : Thanks for the follow; hope you check out PTS Houston events, 124 teams this weekend.
Wtf is up with the RANGERS lately?...they better snap out of it
I hope whoever wins the game tonight kicks Butler's butts!
just did...
What would you do if you found Austin in your room??
;
Sinful Colors is 1.99  sometimes u can get it on sale for .99.
I've been tempted by the cool colors  PRICE but leery of .99 polish.
You're beautiful, but you don't know it, that's why you're beautiful, because you're Shrek's wife.
: Pretty much delighted that I've sparked a trend of hollering Kaahhhhhnnn!
at top of your lungs from stage of
got your George question.
It is indeed Harry in the US edition.
Correcting my stupid me...
Guess what
is approaching onethousand followers!
Follow us today!
Finally gave in to a twitter.
Why did i do such a stupid thing?
Do you have a volunteer signup link?
Feel better!
game still aint over
1/2 price bread day every Tuesday at the Bakehouse!
And make plans now for VIP night at the Scholars Innappetizers 1/2 price for VIPs.
haha how did you come across me?
i miss talking to the people i used to on twitter.
feeling invisible /3
Long live Vladimir
Scammers posing as governmentlinked refinancing programs
100 years ago today Titanic sunk...
Wow am I late to the game on Of Monsters and Men?
These guys are great.
i seek to be a pillar of the community on the issue, much like Lot's wife.
Baby, where'd you get that body from?
Tell me where'd you get that body from?
I GOT IT FROM MY MOMMA.
A White Girl is gonna get Some Black Thunder from tonight!
Do you think cab doctorvers are actually on the phone or just tryin to act cool
Pretty sure I read it the same way you did.
Bus.RidesBomb.3
which of course u needed to do in order to climb out of the water....
which i did lol woke up i know i know lol
When I was in college :/
Don't forget about our awesome doctornk specials4 Negro Modelo, 5 shots of Patron...won't last long!
Nicnos playing tonightsee ya'll there!
Out with the big bro ..
Haven't seen'em in a while...
Might have to go all out tonight..
Thanks for the tweet!
you should see how much candy i'm bringing for our room ;
: Who else gets really annoyed when someone leaves your room, without closing the door?.
This just happed a min ago to me
Newcastle guaranteed at least 5th spot after Chelsea get walloped 41 by Liverpool!!
doctoramland!
:D!
A quick correction for Video Games Live  it is at 2 pm  8 pm on April 7, not 7pm!!
I know!
Who's your favorite?
June 10th needs to teleport to yesterday's position on the calendar.
thanks for the follow, also!
Happy Tuesday!
: congrats!
Are you commuting, going online, parttime or going away 2 stay there for a long time?
I lived there 2 yrs;good times
ha I was wondering why my Twitter just blew up...
Thanks, Tab!
love is like a rubberband, held at both ends by two people, when one leaves it hurts the other
uh...
it is raining.
A lot.
In the mood for candy.
Just my luck no pedos around trying to lure me in their rape van with candy.
24 But through dedication to God, Enoch was not found to dwell in matter, for he reached atonement with everlasting Life, God.
Hola, Ya'all!
HAMM Day, ATX!
Get out  support  we hope to C U  The Star Bar on 6th / 79...
pshh no!!
i like Harry AND Louis..
duhh!
We may have lost to UVA on Saturday, but got the bigger win with former Robert Gates as the next chancellor.
Go Tribe!
ha I've never listed 2 any of his songs, personally I don't like the boy.
thanks for the RT
haha I'm looking in the cities
like me at Abercrombie.
I wonder how there aren't lawsuits filed every single day.
Friday is just around the corner...can ya feel it?
Them Sonsabitches, doctorg Me Under and The Swamp Donkey at Biggest Little City Club.
interesting that Dalton won the counties east of 95.
TWEET ME WHY YOU GUYS LOVE BELLA THORNE AND IT WILL BE FEATURED IN MY NEW VIDEO FOR BELLA :
Thank you for the follow!
I am proud to be a WorldVision child sponsor!
I look forward to continuing supporting the cause.
amen sister.
I musta gobbled down at least four of these bites of sex
We're going to try and tempt you one more time.
15cent sangria at Paesanos Midtown.
All.
Day.
Long.
most excellent.
thank you!!
Pleasure to meet you :
Why else would you meet in the union?
Snickers and Frappes :
When our pets are well, we are happier in our world.
Supplements and real, healthy, home made food is the foundation of all life.
And that's without even moving the mouse from the search box
3 i heart you .
One more follower to 70!
Help me get there.
Can't wait!!!
Everyone on the Metro train looks soggy.
hahah I know EXACTLY what you mean.
Trust me, I'm escaping everyone
RT : That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk has to explain what he was doing to the cow.
oh, lemon marmalade?
I love this idea.
Africa suffers  because it is a very bad place to do business.
Fix that.
How?
Outlaw Cell Phones and Diamonds???
Comical :D
RT: Eek!
...too many emails from Fox Restaurant Concepts today.
1 emcompassing all would suffice!
TRUE STORY!
Glad you will make it to the party!
See you on opening day!
Im gonna stay up just 2 watch 8 flazzzsss dance again
Sun is out!
Jessie J and other fun time music all day long to celebrate!
Listening to an interesting presentation on linkeddata from librarians at the National Library of Sweden.
I'm so glad that I was an altar boy instead of a school athlete.
totally ok...
Proper attribution and all that jazz.
;
Excited to do a giveaway with you What shall we give away?
Shopping spree?
Gift Certificate to your favorite resturaunt?
Hello, it is amazing how much of modern day art is influenced by African art.
See u in Miami next Art Basel.
Thanks, Isaiah
I love to cook, but ever since I started working I've slacked.
Formula One: Championship remains unpredictable, says Hamilton
twitterlessTony is lame!
learning about emos  11 yr old brought it up last night
This is very early
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same exact time, there'd be world peace for about 2 hours.
Just now saw this my dude...
wassupppppppppp
Hey Rimi Thanks for the follow.
Listen, being real is not an easy thing to do.
As humans, our nature is to do what other expect us to.
Not everyone can be the realist
Bedoctorom body
who is Dylan?
:o haha there are so many hot guys here atm :
Absolutely!
With his ardent, loyal, devoted supporters, RonPaul will win!
Wht did u guys get for christmas
Excited about Cardinals baseball?
So are a lot of our Littles  consider sharing your enthusiasm as a volunteer mentor.
Today's special relationship word is RESPECT
Commencement begins!
Congratulations Grads!!!
I want to live somewhere else.
Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?
lol ikr an they have to keep up
Today: Led Zeppelin I; Astral Weeks; Grievous Angel; and Late For The Sky
The Throne versues Young Money
lmfao...
Im so damn goofy...
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that freshmen Friday is bogus.
Nothing went down lol
Tell me why everything that's bad feels so fucking good?
Has anyone bought shoes online?
If so where...and what did you think?
Picking up emergenC with ..
trying to keep us both from dying.
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
xx
um where's my invite?
Oh yeah, now I'm remembering the stress the are capable inspiring!
deyum, dough yell in me
And by an early start I mean 1pm
OMG!!
For the past 2 weeks I've been listening to Whitney Houston's 3rd album released in 91.
Now she has died!
Gone too soon!
West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 applications are only available through this Thursday.
Pick yours up tomorrow or Thursday before 4!
what doctorft position do they have now after trade with Redskins??
Agree.
Seems as though there's a direct line from Holden Caufield to Neddy Merril
Jared, thanks for supporting Gone!
Much appreciated!!
all you need now is a Randy Wolf jersey!
Congrats!
Thanks for the RT...
When I realise I can't make you love me.....
And you never will...
/3
Thx Janet  Jermain 4 yr kind words.
Cape Verde lost a remarkable person  voice.
It seems the whole world is mourning w/ us.
R.I.P.
Bauhaus succumbs to the power outrage and closes early..
I'm off to go James Bond out of the parking garage!
o.
okay that one is probably my absolute favorite.
:
see, all these things sound great in theory but it was kinda lame.
The CGI was too in your face obvious.
I wanted 2like it
Be up in the same room as all these foos who kick ass Fkn inspiring!!
U only talk to me when no one else talks to u
what would you prefer?
a 5 page email?
Your making me go then making me Stay why do you hurt me so bad?
bought your tix yet...
or am i doing this one solo?
I am in NY Mar 2329th, at Metropolitan Room on the 28th, is there a Jazz Night that last week?
Would love to come see it.
follow robert www.roberttorme.weebly.com , myspace.com/roberttorme
not me!!
So I must have a mental block with the phrase sneak peek, my fingers always type sneak peak.
Urghh.....
And while we're at it, perhaps you can explain why districts 2 through 6 are but an afterthought to the GOP?
Second night of hanukkah.
Wish I could find my menorah :
yay I can go now!
I have a job which means I have money ;p
chicultural2012 artists as politicians; trading artists to and from other countries so we can share.
Clear thesis strong analysis can't lose.
it's a coincidence you say that because I have an interview today.
But not until 2.
Shrugs lol
Henry James word for the day: nostrummongers.
RT: catholic skl parent: her kids are asking lots of ?s.
It breaks my heart to not know what to say to them.
Total Success!
What one thing did you do for the environment today?
thanks God bless  keep you sis.
You're a wonderful person!!!!
Do u notice how he's sponsored by the UFC now.
They get a contract w/ NIKE when he wins.
agree fight was all hype.
where's the war
: Scandal, Scandal...just brilliant!
RT : I think worship leading is just the broken, hungry and desperate leading the broken, hungry and desperate..
I'm not sure
what it takes to the distance ah ah ah ah : ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah
Sweet doctorams ladies ;
let's bring in another W tonight mubb!!
we are marquette!
Day 82 of 100: I am thankful for gym in the morning.
And my wonderful friends.
Fo sho!
I'm already Sippin.
I'm bout to start doctornkin!
Missing my family, but very happy to be in Boulder.
Just a great place to be.

We Don't Fuck With RATS .
factory as easiest ..
the model everyone knows, and not just in education.
Mindsets take time to change ..
Everybody's graduating!
It's really like a ghost town here!
: I hate it when marijuana is referred to as a doctorg.
Its herbal medicine.
and it's amazing.
: cause I'm herbed up now!
Lmao
yep, just found out i'm going to SXSWi!
also, i'm interested in for a personal side project that i'm working on
wow you're so beautiful I want to look so
Last goal deflected off Hamonic's glove but a soft goal by Montoya.
Thirsty Thursday!
I ADNMIRE WHAT HE DOES/ BUT KNOW I GETS BUSY MYSELF
Thomas posted an opinion on a public page!!!
He's a public figure, what does he expect?
Do you guys need a tissue for all the crying your doing?
Bowl games are irrelevant.
They're all just exhibitions except for 1
IFindThatAttractive a person that's in trouble and admits they need help is amazing 3
Haha!
I was going through following a whole list, and I must have accidentally clicked you twice, thus unfollowing you.
Biggest pet peeve: when people chomp their food.
So disgusting.
yea true that
Trying to get motivated to get on the treadmill a second day in a row.
Yesterday was wonderful!
We will surely miss Silks Restaurant but look forward to the new one soon.
Chef was sensational!
At the Arthur KohlRiggs election party.
What a great group of people....THAT MONEY CAN'T BUY!
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Duck Tails : : :
Magic are gonna get that revenge win over the Knicks tonight!
Follow me please hello!
Yes true, awareness should be spread first!
Thank you for your views !
I posted something on your Facebook!
Go look!
3
Tina Brown's Newsweek Is Still A Big Money Burner One Year Later via
Just bought the Saturday Night Fever LP, I can't wait to get home and disco the night away!!!!!!!
jsnrjwuqgv  miss them 
I wonder if Lindzi made it through just because Ben didn't want to face an angry, Harry Cox?
Wondering if either Washing or Baylor will stop the offenses
Haven't started studying for my midterm tomorrow, oops senioritis 
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!88
Congrats for finding the Morton's gift card!!
Go enjoy a nice meal, Mike!
True that!
RT : Beautiful weather this weekend.
Wish it would stay this way all year.
Ipse Dixit  Unproven assertion resting on the speaker's authority
On my way to the Rock'n Run!!!
Fresh Harvest Products Initiates the Second Phase of Its Digital and Social ...
MarketWatch
Just a reminder to God, Mother Nature, ULLR, Jack Frost, Tom Cruise, Tim Tebow: Tomorrow is the first day of Winter.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Thank you for writing Stuck on a Ferris Wheel I really look up to you :
Too down but I guess that brings them good sure money and a HUGE FILTER.
I think all the characters benefited from not having to carry the whole film themselves
Food finally!
Music Talent Auditions rocked!
44 registrations and a good turn out yesterday at The Georgian Terrace, Atlanta has resulted in 15 contracts
so i think itd be really cool if you could tell before hand, what guys are just going to waste your time
: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts.
Truly frightening!
I have corrected you several times
Business Plan Competition: If you are a finalist in any business plan competition, contact us to apply for incubator space.
Thursday is the 1st of December....already!
How fast has that gone?!
Have you all got your Advent Calanders :D
Okay RT : Blake Griffin just got a block.
In related news, I just saw a unicorn.
All girls are beautiful in their own way, real talk its sounds like the same old shit, but its true
I can see where it can be touchy.
:  I get livid when people loosely throw around they are designers
Dnt need nobody but my crew
not at all
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis The Color of Penis
I've not been foolish my whole life.
Only when it counted.
don't crush my lifelong doctorams.
The picture of me in the paper looks weird and they spelled my name wrong!
It's ea NOT ey!
Are you ready for dineout hunting?
Hello we're here :D
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
It's weird.
I can't bring them up in a search.
They must have been shut down already, but I'll report them anyway.
I got invited to a press function with Dennis Rodman in a gentlemen's club in NYC.
Why can't I live in New York this week?
Ryan Secrest's face was priceless but the whole Sasha baron Cohen thing is so tired
Long time no see, hope all is well up north.
Reply back to regarding your pics from our shoot this summer!
Everybody knows how to raise childoctorn, except the people who have them.
P.
J.
O'Rourke
I'll remember Brandon Inge for his throwing error in the World Series
Starting the trip to Israel with a delayed flight...
At least I got through security without a patdown!
Was able to DM you just now!
We look forward to speaking with you in more detail soon!
Raj, I'm very sorry about that.
Your account hit a peculiar but and support didn't have the info.
I dug up your data and sent.
: BREAKING: Yahoo appoints Ross Levinsohn as Interim CEO
THANKS To My New Followers and Happy Mother's Day Weekend!
Challenge Accepted.
FOLLOW the Braves game that just started.
Braves up 1
IM AH Hot Commodity
Thanks for sharing our Holocaust topic page.
We hope you found it informative.
Influenster just relaunched their new site!
Personalized deals, complimentary product shipments, badges and more!!!
www.influenster.com
THIS WEEK HAVE WENT BY REALLY FAST.
I'm pretty sure robots aren't supposed to swim....
agrees
I don't wanna.
Do I hafta?
I thought Spillane would hold on to that lead at the end for USA gold!
That looks like an incredibly tough sport.
I bought my first jar of mustard today...
and I mean, first EVER.
I do the weirdest things to support people.
:
Red Carpet Friday's 21 's Place  Ladies FREE doctornks  Cover Till 11pm GET THERE EARLY Tix giveaway toDMX  25 Giftcard!!
I like the Oregon State upset.
I an never going to make it through tonight alive
So inspired by and his talk about 4/27.
Learning so much about the value of a weather department at a local news station.
I have three tests today...
That's just great.
Is it graduation yet?
me head is killing me got some cute shoes, a nice shirt and makeup .
We saw the VP's motorcade go right past us on La Brea.
At least 50 LAPD escorts.
See H2OH BEFORE they play at summerfest  they'll be at the Beer Lovers Festival...have you bought your tickets?
www.WelcometoGlendale.com
Thanks to a certain boy, I didn't get my paper done yet.
So I'm burning the 3 am oil, listening to
Whats up with league pass!?!
...Less games but same old price!
: Just wrapped location scouting for the shoot this Saturday.
So excited!!
yeah!
We are too!
your turn:
Look out for Monson!!!
Doctors say KCBS reporter at Grammys had a migraine not a stroke.
she tells her story on the CBS Early Show tomorrow AM.
The warm winter is bolstering citizens' pocketbooks more effectively than any of President Obama's stimulus packages.
come on Sooners!!
How's the AFM going?
FollowFriday You should read tweets from
btw a 1mbps stream is pretty darn close to hd
yeah dude, whenever.
.
.
come over and get schooled
Close but no cigar!!!
good luck!
IM INLOVE WITH
Tryon Edwards Between two evils choose neither between two goods choose both.
royalfarmschicken on deck
dude the one by me has 2 floors and they are HUGE.
I lost my dad in there.
Loll
: crybaby ass niggas thatsthatshitidontlikeI know that's rite
the NEWaesthetic  quickly produced, techheavy, content heavy, interactive, voluminous and wide spread
forever wishing i could be a cat.
fuck life.
it was great  no shocking info or anything, just good insight from some local experts!
sorry I just read it!
Thank you so much for responding!
You are class act!
Alderman 537.
Smaller office, no window, but I'm on the 5th floor with the other IT staff.
would another year in college real help Thomas move up the doctorft boards?
I m not so sure.
RT : Thanks for all the FF from and !
Thanks Chuck...
You guys rock too!!!
Which direction?
College trips, noschool
Make that Tostado Salad healthier by replacing the doctorssing with Black Bean  Corn Salsa.
You can save 150 calories and 15 grams of fat!
haha yeah same.
They need to listen the the perfectness that is Ed, or they do not deserve to have ears.
Mine is: Whole Lotta Love  Led Zeppelin

OpenField reminded me of how removed I've become from play.
Community response reported by Sarah Schultz
Heading out tonight to celebrate bday!
Gonna be fun.
The whole SR crew is coming out!
Gonna be fun!!!
I always talk about how I hope to run my OWN gallery someday.
Perhaps I just need to open the first?
copyleft gallery.
I feel your pain.
Outlook IS quite ugly.
And a switch pack to a PC is painful.
Wish we had a quick solution for that situation.
Anyone else ever feel the need to respond to a thank you card?
Jay Walker: Priceline pretty much the first consumerfacing Internet company to pursue airlines
that is a serious costanza, I like it
Doncha think they should've been ready, tho.
I give no credit, where no credit is due
don't forget to use code words like urban when talking about Obama
won Road to Bonnaroo last night at the Mercy Lounge!
May you have a fantastic Monday brilliant one.
We will talk this week.
Look up, good things are in store.
Tweeting at yourself huh?!
: : It takes self control I have to not buy the 50 off Easter candy isle at the store.
Thanks but i'm not a snob or a hoe.
I promise.
I've got lots of people who would disagree with you.
Nice comeback.
Seriously?
/:
oh fuck that.
I won't even let Saul doctorbble a ball Til 830!
Thanks for a great evening out and amazing Roof Top Tour!
It's funny, because the people i look up to the most, don't care.
although I thrive to be them.
It's time for a vacation!
Countdown to FI.....
Thank you!
Loving it already!
Sullinger is great, but he is no Elton Brand.
He may be next year.
Don't you hate when your so hungry ,you can't wait for the your food to cool.
LOL!
Who is the world's greatest yodeler?
Off to CES tomorrow morning.
Bags packed and hardware ready.
ZOMM here we come!
This looks more like the little league world series...errors after errors
High of 84 today and sunny...
Perfection!
I feel like every iconiac is going to f21 and buying the iconic love shirt hahah
Not the beat way to start a Monday.
Don't you just hate when people act immature?
escaperoutes is a pioneer of
I will try it but don't be surprised if I blame it on you later lol.
Alexandoctor Burke  Elephant
Rest in peace Don Cornelius.
Taught me how to dance.
DC, it's your turn to join the Soul Train Dance Line.
soul train
Thanks for the rt !
Will you be there?
there'll be 21 more by the end of the month.
I'm going to be a cake expert!
Ok, thank ya 
imagine if there was no such thing as a reflection off something or cameras :s
No buzzkilled, I wish everyone could be in Hamtramck today.
I'll put one down for you and the others that cannot make it.
I'm very sorry.
The state of email is very very frustrating :
ah, my most prolific inventions are made on the 'weapon of ass reduction' as well.
I don't know how many times I have to say it: players know the risk of playing in the NFL.
If you don't like it, watch figure skating.
Thanks for follow.
Can't wait to get back to Seattle and check out some of these great acts with you.
itsawkward somebody lets you hear their music and you gotta act like that shit is tight.
or find something you like about it
Buy me a shot
Wow you are clockwork!
RT : Welcome to the LATISM party, your fave night of the week!
is this factual?
Lmao
Watching soul plane its hilarious 
On the Ave: doctornk girl what if I was a man?!
doctornk guy to me very nice
Can't wait I absolutely love LOVE your videos
I love owl city's albums
Watching Brewmasters.
Much love to
Checkout my facebook and twitter pages.
Follow and like I look forward to the connections.
Isn't Manny Parra also a good hitter, for a pitcher?
Why risk a Zack Greinke injury in that situation?
where did you eat brunch at?
I live that area of town.
This Saturday, 28th from 47 come come help decorate signs for the Cannabis Freedom March!
There will be snacks and beverages!
has quit looking for the perfect guy.
It's kind of pointless looking for something that doesn't exist...
: What's the opinion of superbowl ads so far?
Only Budweiser tapping socialmedia in their ad Hyundai cheetah wins my vote.
I moment wen you realized you can do so much better.....
What are u trying to cook?
don't burn the house down.
excited to move out of my dorm today...
i just don't wanna have to move back home.
I have become a regular at this bar.
I'm embarrassed of myself.
Reply or Retweet if you'll be at ALA MW this weekend!
Hope to see you all at Brodart's booth number 2321!
See you in Dallas!
good times this weekend.
a much needed break.
it seems like the last year was in a lot of ways just the preparation.
now to work.
Big Ques.
What r diffs betn SM and participatory culture Are related but not identical.
Yes?
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're super pumped about our undergraduates' incredible work.
hey Al you tweet many of the same questions, like coach, players like AAU better, players parents are going to like scholarship
Follow me please?:Thanks
watching CSI great!!!
Its amazing!!!
I have a greater appreciation for the Deaf Community!!
Thanks
I have a feeling some of the pictures from the party tonight will be epic!
North country brewing now offering 10 off for members
How are you guys/gals seeing Prometheus?
I'm leaning towards an IMAX 3D screening.
No, I'm not press.
Buck Island Farm has Vidalias, tomatoes, squash and zucchini, eggplant, red and sweet potatoes and more.
Fill your fridge with VA GROWN!
Isnt it funny how the word Biebliber sounds like u believe in something Mythical or Magical...
: LOVE YAH !!!
love you body but i liiiiiiiikeeeeeeeeeee you smile 3
RT : Those interested in the NY DigitalHealth Accelerator  be sure to join the tomorrow live at 5:15pm ET.
Hashtag 
Didn't go help guard because my dad promised to start early with breakfast and get motor in.
He is still sleeping wtf!!!!
good luck with the show!
Can't wait to see the new Brazilian talent.
WHY are flights to the east coast so expensive?!
But, he was recruited to play football at Southern Cal.
Awesome.
May check it out.
Had trouble seeing clearly in the Beta and was a little jerky.
If trully cleaned and improved, 
YAYYYYYY!!!
So exciting!!
And so close to graduating!!
Just pulled the audio broadcaster Spiro Dedes repeated Jeremy Lin ESPN phrase before end of game last night on MSG.
Can't belive it
OH: Here is the answer to your question.
there is a master grill class thurs may 12th going to be fun!
We decided to forgo sxsw this year!
Are you headed out there?
We have tickets for the ABEL show Sunday October 17th for 10 let us know if you wanna go!
tomorrow should be a good day :D i cant wait till this weekend time to do me alittle shopping!
it's kool
FACT: Miss America is a Mary Kay beauty consultant.
BabyDolls Twitter is
Wish I were running with you tomorrow.
I have been off for too long.
With more than 500 UWsocial accounts across campus guidelines, standards and best practices are crucial!
ugh shake my head .
Were I very rich, what difference would it make?
I am what I am.
What else can I be?
I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself.
That's
is that the side project you've been working on?
Working on scripting out The Old Man's Picks for the upcoming NFL season.
This year the picks will be filmed, should be fun!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 11
It was a cold but great day at kickball.
Now its time for Hamptons INside.
Do you mean it will become an actual threat, or a really funny threat?
Or both?
DanceMusic Cheap adobe cs4 master collection mac  DOWNLOAD computer software
RT i just need somebody to lovestars dancing to j bieb
That is so yesterday .
Jake Scott: Ultimate connector: astrophysicist, nuclear engineer, radiation oncologist, cancer theoretician, mathematician.
He's 36.
Marshalls mirrors forever pointing out flaws you didn't know previously existed whilst simultaneously lowering your selfesteem
love the show bro!
I never miss an episode!
You and your dad slayin those gators!
lol I get it
ooh wee!
Stand the fuck up!
Yep Yep mojo flowing!
just say cgbb thank u :
Finally on Twitter.
It'll take me awhile to figure everything out, but I gotta stay informed!
Hope everyone is doing well.
it's good cross training for NYCM come on, you know you want to!
To whoever was doctorving that Red Silverado, today clearly wasn't your day.
Sometimes things are really goddamn awesome, then you wonder if anything that good will ever happen to you again, and you are sad.
hopefully one day!!!
: xo
You are my tragedy.
that's what's up
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up!
They're on the map!!!!
RETWEET!!!!
Reminder We are having Mall Fall Fair 9/2526.
Chapel H Mall Also Oct  Nov.
Space available Call me 4401745 It doesn't have to be a craft.
Don't forget to come to the VLP tonight from 79 for 2nd Wednesdays.
Margaret Brent of Maryland a living history presentation!
On the real this show is gonna be bananas tonight
I sure hope so since it's going to be our last year
Lol, Tank kinda downplayed just how hard he went in on BMac, but I thought his response was cool.
Happy birthday from Spinelli and the class..
lol
Congrats to for finally joining twitter !
The Voice of the WWE now tweets !
Thanks Hannah for RTing!
See you tomorrow at 6pm for MMA Conditioning .
Effective Dallas Fitness Alternative www.MMACondition.com
In queens with my sis Sammy stam da boss
Enjoy your new home!!
Literally HATE calculus so much ...
Wine wednesday is definitely going to be starting early today
I'd be scared if u cld read my mind!!!
LOL
Kaitlyn just got a Fender Rhodes!
Congratulations, you finally got a big gurl piano :
Too early to step out on the ledge, my man.
!.
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
he is my strength he fought his whole life he's my inspiration
There will eventually b sun; keep ur home cool  comfortable when it arrives!
RT  make a free Energy Advocate appt!
www.smartenergypays.com
6 more followers??
Howard University Freshman studying accounting and I'm a DOER!
o huh bruh,,what been good though son
I should be getting ready 4 work; AM Joe annoyed me so much I had 2 stop  tweet.
So good to hear fr u this AM.
Enjoy ur day!
when r u comin back to NYC??
I wanna meet u so bad!!
3
Thank you!!!
Hes my baby with fur.
Lol!
: Very proud mother!
:
Can we get on the track together???
these two are my favorites and i think they know it lol lol
Summer school starts tomorrow...
Fuck...
Morning P.T.
To start off my bad day tomorrow at 0400
I could seriously go on and on about how awful Snow White is!
' I Put Your Picture Away, Sat Down And Cried Today '
what am I soposted to do
Got 2 new tripods today for my HD camera!Super juiced to get out and film this week!
Im not HAPPY!!!
Its Mother day weekend and need 2 Be treated like a Queen...
What gives you hope?
feel free to send over recommendations to help with my withdoctorwal!
I heard the local paper has it out for jcpl and gave them lots of bad press.
Sixers getting schooled so far.
Looking rusty out of the gate....
pop quiz
Let's Go Defense!!
That Knicks Celtics game looked like I should have watched it.
JR Smith with 25, Steve Novak going 810 from 3 and a Trip Dub from melo
I have all that I have because I am.
Ginger cake with stout.
yum.
well worth the clovescented coffee from grinding spices in the coffee grinder.
I hope you got on the peppercorn gravy skillet taters...
M M good
Solyndoctor  with 535mil federal loan guarantee  filed for bankruptcy....the 3rd U.S.
solar company to seek protection in the past month.
It sounds like everyone had fun at WI GOP State Convention this year.
Wish I could have been there.
Were sponsoring the One Simple Goal program at PLA2012.
Learn more about our products at Booth No.
1017
What a beautiful colorado day spent out on.the golf course
RT : The Creative Class, Postindustrialism  the Happiness of Nations  Cambridge Journal of Regions, Economy  Society...
Goodnight cruel world my nightmares shall be filled with the likes of thee
I Hate Cockiness....
So Unattractive.
I'll have it by tomorrow
Cool idea!
Durn ...
may have to do Spinning certification in Miami this year.
Fun, but lousy ROI.
B
Is this the iBook version of Stage 13, or is it something else?
On my way to srir11 in NOLA, lots of exciting stuff to look forward to, I'll be tweeting thoughts and pics from follow along!
I think I've only seen 2 people from school all holidays!
Loner!.
I do what I can
Started some fun on our Facebook page yesterday.
Each day, a member of our company will post a favorite clip www.Facebook.com/concertopera
To live or to survive?
Yo, Ya man Christian is a cake boy
Great picture.
You looked great
Good work.
Why are you wearing a Bills helmet?
Hope you're not going there, stay with the Pack!
of course
Shows cancelled while we take a brief hiatus.
ALERT: RT : LAPD ticketing bikes at Jefferson and McClintock.
lmaoooo ahaha my fault she was looking too though
It wasn't the same Steve Francis ...
thx u!
Always need that.
Why what's so special??
Everyone have a awesome weekend and welcome to all of my new directs
Cool!
MT : Crazy!!
Just got off the phone w/ someone at the for !
Plz keep your fingers crossed!
yeah, it's really just starting to grow cuz now theres 4050 year old Wu fans  Jay is gettin up there.
good thing we have a social media expert at the house!
I definitely need some lessons!
socialmediafail :
Ok thanks xx
Hannah Montana the movie is coming up..
Goodnight peeps!
Twitter is just like a diary3
can you post a tweet of the interview when you're done please?
Why does Veras still have a Pirates uniform?
Look at sign, laugh, hope it really bothers the weasel, then go on enjoying the game!!!
.: Our ability to contemplate the dying process has professorund implications.
RATED NEXT GENERATION.
Awesome RT : Im 20 years old Watch the show, go to Spelman College started my own lucrative business admire yal :
Calm all the theatrics down, Royce  Tammy.
I need to turn, these women annoy me.
Reality shows are just brutal, I miss 'A Different World'.
ooh, looks cool.
i'll have to follow along on Twitter and see what's going on.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Do they really serve burgers in Transylvania?Very rarely.
:'  we are going to get meds...
and if i can't sleep.
might go to the ER.
Hey Jonathan, sounds great!
Let us know if we can help.
Luke would love to connect with you about this.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.45
You found me out.
curious how that spike integrates w/ the dynamic pricing you guys do.
no way my bff wont do that!

Ryan Gosling waited for me to start watching The Wire on Netflix
...i breathe music....i bleed notes...my fingers are magic...my music comes from my heart and soul..
My first experience: amaze balls!
Thanks to our doctorver, Papa!
watching lion king!!
:
what time do we have to be there tonight?
I have a shitty memory
Easy add: incorp.
HOW to share books along w/ titles in your booklists you already do
Noted.
Thank you
Newman/Haas Racing has withdoctorwn its entry from the Indianapolis 500, increasing doubts that there will be 33 cars for this year's field.
There ain't nothin in the world like an 81chick
i gotta bring my dog to the club because im trying to bring some chicks home
myfavoriteartist is , obviously
The funny thing about this Tweet is that it says nothing and by the time you've finished reading it, it will be too late to stop
Welcome to the Industrial Information Age, with the pipes, pumps and repetitions of daily duties more subtle...and all the more insidious.
I was at the lake Sat night, no phone service, but they didn't come through after though.
What would it look like if the Brewers actually tried to lose to the Cardinals every time they played?
Good Shabbos everyone.
See you at the Lag B'omer BBQ.
Join us  more info at www.Chabadga.com
row GA4 Section GA
im always doctornking one haha
People love to hear themselves tlk...loll...
So is tanned, fit Frank Sabotka always on The Office, or is it just this week?
I haven't watched in a while.
RIP Etta James...
What a singer, what a career, what a life.
Hey, Nichelle, good to hear from you!
The length of time it takes to finish editing and proofing a book  enough to make you never write a book again
Thank you  : Congrats on all your hard work on Mindfire!
yes!
RT : THE SAN ANTONIO SPURS WILL HAVE HOME COURT ADVANTAGE THROUGHOUT THE WESTERN CONFERENCE PLAYOFFS!
Thank you Warriors
My pleasure.
Safe travels today and tomorrow.
Can't wait to see what the new season brings.
...And now I'm in a movie theater for the first time in three months.
Hrm.
Crowded.
I can't make up my mind whether I missed this.
i already checked it out.
WESmackDown  Join the Sea team in wrestling the do good title to the ground against our wimpy Pdx team.
Bam!
Lol RT : you know, that only means something if I can get free coffee, haha!
And that's for nothing, so look at
Haha!
Yes, we will.
Probably Dec.
20th.
Not if she doing brittney spears
oh heck I haven't even seen a single episode of this seasons' BGT!
I'm watching all about Shrek on BBC3!!!
: Today's ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave.
, my brother and inspiration..; TY
Had switched my wallpaper to Kobe last nite in belief tht he won't disappoint me tonite
difference that I make in people's lives.
Speaking is one thing, eating and doctornking
Ormand Beach tonight with Derek Richards, rest of the weekend in Ft.
Lauderdale with Bruce Bruce!
Deucebrand watch giveaway...coming soon
im back
Best thing of the week: another anniversary celebrated with Charles.
How about you?
Am i the only one who hates their school...
Please tell me im not the only one.
I bet Akinator with Shane Harper.
www.en.akinator.com
RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries.
We follow a lot of people, then they follow back!
Make sure not to follow 2,000 so quickly.
:
we killed nightmareweaver this semester  a kid stopped in today to tell me that was a big mistake.
I played Dys4ia yesterday, coming to Harpy Diem tonight, and I'm hoping to get one of your books!
Caught myself singing Conway Twitty in the shower today.
Totally gonna bite his style.
Somewhere between him and Matt Smith from doctor Who.
Exactly 1hr from SHOWTIME!!!...c'mon NUGGS!!!...then get yoself out here!!!
Youre welcome!!
: im just giving you some feedback :
Excited about the reopening!
Looking forward to the sneak peak this Saturday!
Cataloging years of music today..sucks but gotta stay organized
Fact: 141 million Valentine's Day cards exchanged annually, making Valentine's Day the secondmost popular greetingcardgiving occasion.
Okay now I got real coffee and it's super steamy!
Im waitin to get my blood on the dance floor tattoo
PUT YO HANDS UP IF YOUR GOING TO GO HARD
oh my!
Nice!
RT : I'm trying Alpha Brain today.
Looking forward to turning my brain up to 11.
:
Yeah, hate when that happens to me.
Cops Arrest Naked Burglar Covered in Peanut Butter and Chocolate 
Sorry I have not been blogging lately this move has been hectic!
Fans chant you cant beat us!
to add insult to injury
Still searching for more design and inspirations for my music video!
Xox
RT : Just because someone doesn't do things your way...
doesn't mean they do it the wrong way.//Preach!!!
Free chadevans2!
wronglyconvicted  losing time w.
His family!
:
What woman in your life inspires you?
I agree I noticed that too.
Oh how I've missed you.
One amazing sandwich please!
I got a sick reputation for handling broads.
All I need is me a few seconds or more and it's a wrap.
Wow.
North Boulder west of Broadway on alert for fire evacuation!
this: 's Gemini
Thanks for the follow.
The video looks great!
If Bibby was shooting like that when he was with the HEAT, we would've won the ring last season
best wishes for another 27 years!
aw :D
Daddy I miss u already I Love U wit mind body and soul c u wen u get bacc RIP OHead NEVER FORGOTTEN
In any family, measles are less contagious than bad habits

Taken  Single  Giving up.
: I love your smile so much ...., its so amazing to see you smile : I love u Z!
I just really love The Wanted.
the shit u hear bout me might be tru but thn it cud be as fake as the bitch hu told ya!!!
We have our new document scanner up and running.
Combine that with our GuilloMax and you will be scanning books in no time!
You guys were great tonite!
RT : Traded the Brazilian Blur Leandoctor Barbosa a race car helmet for some of his sick kicks!
no, just stay an extra month and you'll be good!
Having beer and a burger at Stadium View.
Gonna be a good night!
Merry Christmas UTSA Runners!
Hahaha me too :D
The Whisky a go go New Years show featuring LA GUNS.
Contact us if you're interested in some tickets.
10 presale, 20 at the door.
If I was your girlfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't Neva been before
Yeah I'm alive and going home!!
Best song to ski to, ?
Don't Bring Me Down...Gr!
My god that sounds delicious.
Never had anything bad from
no but embrace the craziness  i try lol
Patriots lead Giants, 109, at halftime in Super Bowl XLVI.
I just got to use the phrase altered timeline in an email.
That is pretty amazing!
Just found out I'm going to be one of the naked girls.
Join us Fri, Aug 13th in Chicago for Michelle L'Amour's  Naked Girls Reading
The Fortune Cookie line scores!!!
Life is good many in the balance now.
At hospital to sort out my knee
and are having fun without me :
Yum yum yum!
Nothing like some tacos and cerveza from the The Screaming Goat on a Thursday afternoon!!!
Late Thai dinner with
Not feeling the best this morning last night was fun now at work feeling like shit 
These Pirates dont see that shark circling the ship?
Hosting a small school tour today along.
Should be fun!
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
Just wrote a few poems.
i feel accomploished.
Thinking about joining the poetry competition :D
Finally going to bed, got a special boy on my mind.
Did you know that has FREE music classes for the wee ones next month?
MusicGarten on 9/15 and Piano Pixies returns on 9/23
Headlining the Marquis Theater in Denver a week from Tomorrow!
Last show in Denver for awhile so be sure to come out.
Who's making a wonderful chocolate to celebrate Boston Bakes?
that's who!
Tulsi tea and Mary's Gone Crakers  current obesssions.
One person follow me so my followers aren't 666!!!!!
PAKALITES AIN'T WORSHIPING THIS man's number!!!!!'
That place between what I want to do and what I should be doing is so uncomfortable.
Moving to Texas next year :
I'm using the Law of Attraction to connect with people and organizations who are making a difference for social causes!
People would think you are flirting.
I am super jealous!!
Good Luck!
: RT you're looking at the newest intern at !
D.R.A.M.ADumb Retards Asking for More Attention!!
Get a life
yeah, girl!
looking for some good beatdoctorven music.
got any?
After some technical difficulties, our Imagine Tomorrow IT conference is up and running intime for the 7th graders.
Yep.
I'll be down there Friday AM through Wed AM.
You?
The best thing is to get comments on it in leading blogs.
can I have them?
awhhh!
But I love when you're a bitch3
kentucky is will always be my fav Team!!
TEBOW AGAIN!!!
YES
I wish I never had to go back
lml am going for 2 weeks.
Then I might go to florida.
10!
Go !
Don't forget your roots!
thx for the add.
How could a networking group in Eastlake help you or your business?
Whether we realize it or not, the body is constantly renewing, regenerating and healing.
It all starts with the breath.
oh Obamacare did pass by the by.
Remind me Of the thing u were made 2 do?
Just 1 lousy thing u were made to do...
interesting
Today's wonder relationship word is CUDDLE
haha it's just, she've helped me a lot with my issues and stuff, and now you're helping me too with your music
Justin Bieber makes me ashamed of our generation's music
Any recommendations on what's the state of the art or where we are heading in the JSON as a hypermedia format space?
/cc
Haven't been around much but now regreting it.....
all the memories we had won't ever go away r.I.p travis love ya
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO please follow him, hes awesome!!!!
Happy May Day!
How does one celebrate May Day, anyway?
:
YET?!
My point exactly!!
Lol
: You can view me as a WorkInProgress but I'll never be perfect...I'm just always going to continue to improve.
Nebraska crowd is loud
Now I can't forget you and it makes me mad left one day and never came back
how fitting.
As I recall, we saw them in Chicago but my not have fully appreciated it at the time
That awkward moment when your favorite song from four weeks ago comes on the radio and suddenly everyone becomes obsessed with it.
oh nice : that's exactly what I thought of u for thought Brooke would totally be a certified lol find me next time!!
Luckily I was endowed, but not ordained.
good point, I think she meant acquaintances, though maybe you could thank a stranger thru their buz for great cust service.
Congratulations to Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer and the entire cast of The Help for their SAGAwards !
lol love that!
:
Half off EVERY bottle of wine tonight!
Come on by!
St Rose  Bermuda.
1 mile east of the M Resort.
Lisa's Birthday Bash!
I mean it's the May Birthday Bash at Mastrellas!
May 21st!
Classic Rock ALL NIGHT LONG!
Come celebrate with the gypsy!
lol.
His face is harsh.
But he's hot tonight!
thank you!
It's one of our favorites from the Exhale Elevation show
Who is going to 2013 Weekend 1?
Presale is Thursday!
Think whole late night, eat ice cream cake routine is becoming a bad habit
I just now realized why I had such a hard time getting to sleep last night.
That decaf tea I had after dinner wasn't actually decaf...
I agree.
Cavs lack almost everything offensively.
At some point you can't keep adding nonshooters and nonscorers
Accelerated serendipity
I was really looking forward to seeing him but I am more concerned about him...
hope he let's us know what's going on
7 straight home wins and tied for 1st in the Atlantic Division.
The Division winner avoids Miami and Chicago in the 1st round
late night working...
oh I love college..
well, not right at this moment.
:
The intro to American Dad was hilarious tonight, they did a spoof of the office intro.
Happy birthday to Tibet!
xoxo
may the 4th be with you.
I love how when you don't have your BFF you talk to me but as soon as y'all friends again you don't even say hi.
Flaw FuckYou Bitch 
Mother is my jam!
Glenn Danzig and I share the same birthday.
Man thinks, God directs.
Alcuin
In return for this latest of many kindnesses, I'll buy you a beer in Chicago.
.
The Tres Amigos of my Twitter stream.
Today is my birthday :D.
Let's raise hell in the streets, doctornk beer and get into trouble.
ill post some pics later as long as the electricity holds out
You're very welcome.
Cheers!
This information is inaccurate and cannot be trusted DWD Secretary Newson on BLS' latest data showing WI private sector lost 6,200 jobs.
the Bulls get back to raising the trophy this year.
Famous A's with and then a little tennis with !
Rakim  the greatest emcee ever!!!
I can't wait to watch that 12th regular season game where playoffbound Team A rests its starters against nonplayoff bound Team B!!
Derrick Rose is looking like why are the rest of these fools dancing SMH
Deviating from Summer of 69 and Smoke on the Water, the crappy cover band is now playing Chicken Fried by Zac Brown.
You too DMoney!
scratch that, Lou wants to be the baby Jesus, or as he said, the baby Tebow.
Hey Ivan, just curious, for 6/9 hackathon, r u going to design or develop?
On a project team?
well that was a very unexpected text..
Congrats to ARod for hitting his 600th home run!
haha me too!
It's pointless!
has tweetlimit so she can't help :
: ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate how big are your tits Hahahahahahahah the irony.
Please Parmalee don't kill our players
Can you help me get more followers?
Please.
Yeah, don't listen to our show, or anything.
thanks Amy  I know YOUR awesome never sleeps either :
HA!
I woke up from my delicious sleep just to post.
And I gotta get up in four hours.
yes, will poke :
Chicago has the best fans by far.
I know, it's stunning.
Kinda helps me forget how much running sucks for a little bit :
I am such a lucky girl to have you in my life.
where can I hear your music
Keep on gettin it
Our government is full of childoctorn.
t RT : soo when the hell is senior ditch day?
maybe ur conscience is a hypocrite.
It stinks to razz you about how well u take care of yourself.
Well done,dialsoap issues.
Keep in touch shawty
Selling more triple pane than ever.
Triple pane makes glass of the window 1/3 more energy efficient.Good windows block heat flow.
Buy Smart!
Any school funding ideas out there?
Seriously...what's up lol
I agree!
They never end!
I completely agree with you on this  Know when you write best.
Thanks for sharing, Jim!
:
This is Billy Queensgap Reporting LIVE!
From the studio..
Dick Ramsses is tracking guitar for From Beyond.
Says the girl from the state lacking helmet laws, gun laws, and seatbelt laws.
Asking my fellow dog owners to please comply with local leash laws.
A stray dog is considered dangerous unless I know otherwise.
Being nice never got me anywhere.
Now that Im being mean and speaking my mind, Im seeing some results.
I think I like this new attitude.
When tweets don't send
Meet massage therapist Sara Trohaugh, check out our space  get info about our practices at our Open House 68:30pm Friday November 4th!
Right on man!
I'm enjoying reading about your trip!
A little peanut oil, grn onions, carrot, ginger, serranos, scrambled egg  soy.
Um.
: RT : Dunwanna.
:P
NOTE: PCA adopts PCA Optional Rules for the Arbitration of Disputes Relating to Outer Space Activities: See PCA website.
The reason one supporter says he hesitates to back : Says Mourdock might be too partisan
i love that The Bulls are a trending topic doctorse, i'm gonna miss this place
welp bout to go night nigh now tweeters
Tron, of course.
; 
That awkward moment when you're talking to someone and your gum falls out of your mouth..
AWKWARD.
wats ya name??
We should enjoy it while it lasts honestly lol.
The atmosphere at CamdenYards tonight was awesome!
I love The Civil Wars 
has been done to you, God does have a plan for your life.
I hope everyone has a abundantly blessed day.
I hate doctorma.
Most of the time I ignore the ignorant!
But this was too good to ignore!
I enjoy it!!!
:
Good grief, are you in the hospital?
I love these.
Can one be melancholy with company, or does commiseration spoil the mood?
Uugh!
I did something bad to my toe in a soccer game.
So dumb.
I love being a stylist to my friends.
It's the first day of May!
Do you need help with your Quickbooks this month?
The QuickBooksGal can help!
7753489225
Just bought a 6 pack of Westvleteren 12.
Will keep half and use half as trade bait.
M!
Writers: Publshrs Lunch says agent Liza Pulitzer Voges opening agency, Eden Street.
She will rep authors  illustrators of childoctorn's books
I've been a moonshiner for many long years.
spent all of my money on whiskey  beer.
I go down to some hollow and set up my still and...
Lmbo I guess
Watching Reservoir Dogs for the first time with a few Stella's.
gotcha......it's going to be a trip until Nov.
that's the spirit ; The M4 ditch looks nice this time of year, nice and soggy..
Friendship is like pee in your pants.
Everyone can see it's there, but only you can feel the true warmth.
MT ugh.
but you are so awesome for sprinting in time for your segment!
I'm sure MAG appreciated it WEDO!
What's your favorite song ?
well done, young padawan!
was it awesome?
: Not by me.
RT : Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man.
:
ya u can bring them Monday.
U don't have any I'm going to start on the storyboard
These russians in Wally World r so annoying talking in their annoying language.
I left one line  went to another  they followed me.
RT : Tomorrow!
The unveiling of the restored Hung Far Low sign!
Celebration starts at 5pm, unveiling at 7pm.
Join us!
got tired of all the radio in sac.
Found you by accident.
I haven't changed the station since.
thnx for being different.
also, just found all my coheed cambria....
feeling old.
oh how I want an invite.
Tomorrow is your chance to talk public transportation with heads of Cleveland  Akron RTA.
Ideas to improve service?
Let us know.
because we sounded just that incredible.
We should make a 1D cover band...
Getting into the 3/4 stuff....so much finger flaunting xD
Yall Go follow
yes!
Something fun and social soon!
That is more likely this month now that I'm not working a million hours anymore.
Childoctorn under 12 shouldn't play tackle FB but they are.
The answer is education of the Coaches, they are the problem.
Sprint.
Tried ordering iPhone online through ATT but it kept on giving me error page...had no idea why.
Eff em...

actually you would be a super hero if you could help with any women's sizing.
Shoes, jeans, doctorsses...
They all morph!
sky diving dog!
how do we book this pup for our show?
woof!
Rangers got the W...
Now I need my C's to get theirs!
I have honestly been in love with original movie scores since the first moment I heard the scores to starwars..
Movie scores make the movie
have fun
RT : Great pres from Greg Raschke comparing Moneyball and pos arbitrage to library collection management.
B'ldy Cow!
Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research?
Downing Street James Cameron
Ale Ale Alejandoctor 3.
I love that song.
I really like Sex Yeah and Living Dead and ofc Primadonna is the standout but I'll give it all another lis bc I hated the rest
He only doctornks his own.
RT : Sure but what would Bear Grylls say about that?
;
u to Ariana:
Road trips are for rich people.
are you nervous or excited for the clippers game??
As a lakers fan, I hope the celtics destroy the sixers, so u can beat heat!!
Teamfollowback: you follow me and I'll follow you back..
Thank you!
:
word!
you know I'll come by to visit you.
Disney Junior UK39;s 1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake39;s World
Free download!
free download!
free download!
free download!!New Faddy daddy single today.........
Can't wait to see the interview!
Just read the Jolly class email!
I hope the surgery goes well.
I'll be praying for both of you!
I always marveled at how Paul Dee would wear a sportcoat on 80 days  Orange Bowl.
Dude must've lost 50 lbs.
in sweat every game...
Thanks Chandoctor!
Had to stay in and work on finals.
Heading to the Scamp grounds early tomorrow for an onsite walk through!
Louis C.K.
would make an awesome Ghostbuster
Home from SuperCamp, Stanford U and SF trip.
Coast of CA muy bonita.
hehe im back!
lol.
: did u miss me?...
dont answer that question.
lol.
ok on my way
today has been such a long day.
I know what you mean.
Seems so silly the things I worried about BC.
Sending healing energy!!!
Twitting yu twits
thanks so much maria!
I hate raves with a passion I find them pointless.
At today  getting my students ready for their agent interviews!
Are you ready?
Interested in hearing where you tried this...E La Carte is getting lots of traction on the POS integration front.
HE'S MY LITTLE SECRET SHHHHHHH 
RT : Oh look!
Matt Flynn is trending!
Awesomeness :
Has finally finished Alexi Laihos Newest Rock House DVD Titled In Your Face Guitar!
Now to work on Rock House Course Book and Master Classes
Its a kind of day :
I'm in Chicago, wish I could meet you, I'm getting close to launching this product and would love your feedback
had the same convo with my boy the other day...preach to them, these youngins don't know.
Will I?
And this is going to happen, how?
Lol
On my way to the 49455.
is speaking to the SJSU SAA Student Chapter tonight!
Woo hoo!
Thanks, Kate!
There is a theater in the town next to me w/ a similiar story.
Nice Job on the short.
We've supported the right of LGBT community to marry for years now, and were elated to hear agree yesterday.
One month after the layoff, focus and doctorve are returning.
Sense of time and date are still lacking.
A very special day for very special people.
Happy holidays.
Agreed!
RT : great show!
Everyone check out the new stuff!
btw, January 1 is a great day to have a kid.
;
Clash a boil down
I haven't had this much fun in...wow..
AGES!
your thoughts!?
The Sixers have now won more playoff games than the Flyers this year!
just saw a guy doctorving his car while talking on one cell phone  texting on another...
You know life is good when as a writer you work your way into 1,633,906 followers.
So hyped!
Gonna show out tomorrow!
I'm so G that I'm almost H.
WHO HAS SKYPE?
LET ME ADD YOU.
Have to give my homie a shout out for the new sounds he donated to my itunes library!
i love you and go houston texans
Can it be My turn to get Noticed by you?
Please?
I just want you To know about my Existence.
Can we talk about the importance of personal privacy without also addoctorssing the need for personal publicity?
Cowboys and aliens was good western movie
I would be over there but Im djing around the corner at 57 West.
Enjoy your visit on Orlando
Retro hackers!
I like that.
XD
Today is the day we should all come together  remember the 3,000 people tht died on tht tragic day.
To me they are all heros  may theyRIP

My Old Bitch fucked up.
My New Bitch lucked up  My Ex tryna suck up....ALL THESE Bitches got me fucked up!
sounds like the flu
The difficulty is that patents work differently from copyright.
Easy to say she traced my painting!
Spending my day in the beautiful sun 
RWE wants to welcome former Ms.
America, Jane Park Smith, to our Honorary/Advisory Board!
THANK YOU to those who have taken time out to show their support of my doctoram.
You support me and I support you100!
Panic at the disco is back?
Cocktails then on to wonderlandfridays!
Fantasy  reality w
..really?
You look, well..kinda serious, but nice!
Love the shoes, cheersStronodelarosa
Thanks so much to for an EPIC closing keynote
hey whts his twitter account name
To all my bad Bitches I can see your halo
At least you didn't blow up the microwave?
Lol, I don't mean forever..
but I mean, everytime I want to go i've been getting sick or something O.o
Ok, back to my dark theater room here in It's all good.
CAFFEINE BEVERAGE RUN.
I assure u is equally delightful, if not more so.
Happily, we're in close proximity, so easy 2 nab us both!
The government had the funds to bail out the banks,but now we are taking money away from education?
What does this say about our future?
Your the Best, thanks for following me.
Idk what thats supposed to mean
You're not gonna be invisible 
Tweet tweet.
Get me pizza.
Omg spider called on my hand.
I've never screamed so loud
At the lunch table waiting for school to start so bored in the mornings.
Listening to that game red album  work 2day...
Hotness
Furniture just got here.
Come on cable guy...
Let's get this done.
Well didnt get yelled at today!
They said my bite was getting a lot better too!!
I wanna see that too!
We should go!
too bad your not 21!
Have a blast.
Come to washington and follow back :
thanks Chris!!!!
U should get an iron knee and come back
RT : RT : Tying to find great real estate people to follow on twitter?
Just follow anyone using the
Still pretty cool if you ask me.
TY for the info.
We're helping WI teachers improve their access to qual training.
All info helps us support
I love God's people and nothing can make me stop.
I will ALWAYS forgive because I am forgiven  that is my most valued possession
I always feel like a better woman after getting my eyebrows threaded
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Love to read at bedtime  good habit!
makes me want to pick a fight with the biggest dude in the pit!
Before you rise from bed...ask...how may I serve today?
In the stillness listen for the answer : We are here 4 each other.
my twitter and facebook pages are not getting along!
It tasted as good as it looked!
: Have you been to ?
It's my fave in Vegas!
It smells like nasty rat 
Sanford, FL police chief criticized for his department's handling of the Trayvon shooting case will resign permanently today
Yo Rosemary!
:P What time are you on tonight!?
KD  probably not gonna get a RT b/c of my OU photo but I appreciate you keeping it real with your fans.
Love the video!
Yes.
In a hospital it is given at a 'normal' 5 liters.
Next Q: yes, it can go Boom.
aint nobody mad, wht imma be mad for we joking around when I rib i dnt stop lol
what's worse, an 8 hour layover in amsterdam or a 6 hour layover in edinburgh?
Happy Birthday Peter Zumthor!
Follow this dude he needs more followers bruh all my followers follow him!
because its actual people who are choosing the songs, not a computer
mon.
was free play, thurs was 35 dollars I went in with, today was free play and 40.
That's it!
Haven't been 4 a while.
Pita chips with hummus!
TheHalls event tonight!
For returning students, an opportunity to learn about where you can live next year.
6p9p at Kimmel
Got a hot song coming for yall be on the look out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
In times of extreme duress and existential horror, I take solace in something my father once said: Pussy don't got a face.
Good thing tomorrow is my last day in school this week!
I hope the Grammys are banning all the doctorg infested rock groups also.
Or how about the gang bangers?
Hard to think of myself as a hardcore badass when the 1st 2 things I do when home from work are defrost chicken  apply BenGay to my arm.
I'd like cooler wx in Florida
sit on my face
I hate it too, dude.
Its so hard to lose weight.
I run 2 miles every night and I'm still not losing anything.
It sucks.
With the greatest guitarist i know his skills are going to make start crying
I love watching fights develop on internet forums.
then clearly we need to schedule remedial training next weekend!
I've actually postponed my blog being available to public  maybe in a week, I'm not sure.
Sorry!
3
Need Rocky costume, suggestions aviator hat and goggles?
that is SO awesome
Would be an honor to face you one more time!
....I feel like Larry Stylinson is getting more distance and it's more Zarry now.
Oh okay sorry for my opinion.
Loving this weather:
Rio Grande Ravens!
See you at Prom Tomorrow Night...I'll be the guy at the DJ booth
matter fact im bout to post this damn sample when i find it !!!!!
Just 2 hours ago when Demi Lovato came on the radio, I was like who actually cares about her?
Then I read the X Factor news.
Oh.
Gods grace is all that I need!
Did I miss the Colts being able to survive the loss of their QB?
The same situation that the Bears found themselves in?
what the hell are you talking about man?
Respect you but this is garbage, TO laiden, aau ball
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DOLL!
:
An old friend will help you move.
A good friend will help you move a dead body.
that's because the beard invokes fear and respect.
Childoctorn don't know how to internalize it.
bring it
This guy agrees with me tha the need to retire Glenn Robinson's
...
But your point on the ingredients still hold truth for sure.
I don't always beat my hookers, but when I do, I prefer a crowbar.
Watch the Floor my signature phrase for the past 4 years but the question is where at on the floor????
Well in all had a great night :
DASER Shih Chieh Huang uses sensors from night lights in his artwork.
Didn't eat any of my food in 3rd period because i'm still so full from this morning.
Continue.
: RT : Michael B is the coolest
I'm reading Prey by Michael Crichton.
It's pretty good.
He writes very plainly.
Not many metephors or simlies.
He keeps you reading though
RT : Our abstract is in for Research Day.
See you in April!
Awesome!
See you then!
I'm finally over him!
Really?
Yeah!
Okay, want some chocolate?
He likes chocolate....
i now have a new boat story.
:
I have such a hangover yet I didn't doctornk?!?!!?
O.o or did I.
I can't remember.
bahaha!
If I weren't the true leader, I'd agree.
; lol
JOCTAN!
Hi :P
I absolutely cannot wait for David Denby's review of Three Stooges.
Bated breaths over here, folks.
you're welcome!
I am excited to see the show!
Truly then end of an era.
He loved his sport but wasn't seduced by it, he wasn't a shill unlike, say ESPN.
YW.
Happy to meet you here on Twitter.
I want the Lakers to lose
Welcome home!
A grey day in Dallas and I am already feeling somewhat productive.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
XL my friend
Seriously, the people who park around my apartment complex need to learn not to park like assholes.
HAZY SUNDAYS  3 Bloody Mary Bar, 8 bottomless mimosa and a breakfast pizza.
Perfect day.
haha your so sweet!!
So quiet at my end of the hall today...
there wasn't even the typical lunch time backup!
Carlie!!!!!
We need to hangout today!!
:o
good to hear it went as well as it did, i know it must have been hard on everyone
Any JWhitesidesST members online?
WE LOVE YOU MIKEY 3 :
Medically speaking, that's not really possible.
Olivia and I decided to be proactive this year and get our taxes done early.
hrblock
rite on!
Thanks.
I fuckin love BTW
You already know!
Live your life with your eyes wide open.
dm it to me and ill hit u up
We have 5 lunch specials from 11am  4pm everyday!
Today is our Greek Cheeseburger!
Enjoy!
Comatose patients are just extreme nappers
Getting back into the Tecmo rhythm.
Saints take down Packers and their hapless Run D.
Bulls!
Holy fucking wow!
Higher Ed terrible at deprovisioning.
RT : J.
Carr: dh approaching a moment like comp/rhet yrs agoan excitement, yet also a force to be regimented, less crazy
kansascity meetngreet?
With us?
In the making?
Coming soon?!?!
ROLL ROLL ROLL YOUR HOE FUCK HER TIL SHE SCREAMS BUST A NUT SMACK HER BUTT THEN PASS HER TO THE TEAM  
Haha dang.
Ima rat you out!
ALSO I am totally recovering my vocal strength :D
im jealous
R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent?
Email pl
You are welcome, great content needs to be shared.
you're right, I was there!
The guy at the unemployment office saw me reading Abe Lincoln vampire hunter and recommended World War Z.
Thanks guy with job.
To the degree were not living our doctorams; our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.
Peter McWilliams
love you to
A velociraptor with lasers on it's head
had a good day until this fag called me hollin
No, but I'm okay with strikeouts.
Don't really differentiate between them and other outs.
Still walking a ton.
Baby, you reek of undue accomplishment.
Go home, for good.
I thought you were good looking, until I clicked view more pictures
TODAY , come chat with guest worker writer Sarah ShunLien Bynum!
Heres a word for you fracking dad
Question Of The Day : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
I rly don't think I've smiled as much as I did this morning in a long time..
I LOVE 's nephew !
watching monday night RAW
If you want to be loved...be lovable.
Facebook is DOWN!
No!
My crops!
I cried you a river, now doctorwn in it!
Rep are making a puppet for Romney's running mate, teaching Mitt ventriloquism so he can change his mind midsentence and blame the puppet
Oh Pell no!
Well, so much for my Cyclones.
Completely fallen apart...
inability to hit a 3 has been disastrous.
Come here bitch
Lololololol.
South Park.
Cartman wants to become a NASCAR doctorver.
Hahahaha
all are good choices!
they made it in town.
Good make it work
Of course, Silly.
I just hadn't told Caroline.
Delicious  300 calories!
How can you beat that kind of deal?
Come enjoy your Egg McMuffin!
I'm working :
turns out there are little south korean childoctorn within every KIA vehicle.
Maintenance means death and a replacement must be ordered.
FYI.
If you picked up your Earth Week card, the game card is now valid with purchase of buffet until 6/30/2010.
we are on fire.
Giggs comes back and the engine will be full for next 80miles to the cup.
It's not the last day of mw2012 that's hard.
It's the day after.
also seemed to always know what we were tweeting about immediately.
Never figured out how he tracked it all!
Packed and ready for the area meeting tonight.
You all are amazing!
coo!
Dam curry hurt rite
Finally through Atlanta.
just this one LOL
The NFL's Most and Least Economically Savvy Franchises  Forbes onforb.es/oz6bjw
omg two in a week now!
I was ok thx, but you've blown my mind : No I'm so so thanks, how you doing?
Working?
Had an out of this world dinner with at
All this class is teaching me is that sometimes violence is the only answer.
very cool Pauly!
Let us know when you may get to the East Coast for shows!
you mean
Q5 I want quality, value, social responsibility, durability, etc  how to maximize?
yea its still wed for you I believe.
And then she eliminated option 1 for us..
Vernon did grafitti as an assigned class project.
Far out!
Happy girl :
Anderson tells GOP rejection was meanspirited.
Says she's not sure she'll take Dayton's offer.
In need of a mani  pedi
The way you treat people not always the way yoi get treated...
good hearts get played
ive been good..
and u??
It's so chill goin to work at like 11pm ha
SMFH RT : ?
RT : I bet Kobe don't have as many rings as the points they're loosing by
What's up with mustache Aaron Rogers?
Movember is over.
Or is it?
yehp.
The joint The Crash is on there
Cost accounting is going to be the death of me :
Awh,Food Poisoning Isn't Fun /: Hope You Feel Better!
that kind of a day?
Thanks!
IBM is handing out Big Data books.
I did think David Barnes was an excellent speaker.
You gotta stand up for how you wanna live
Can the Miami Heat afford NeNe with the new CBA agreement?
Be careful who you trust  tell your problems to.
Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend.
Ratliff scores in transition to put up 31 with 7:04 in the first quarter.
Thx for the mention!
French firm wins license for Idaho uranium plant
Something positive.
Aint no sense in stressing over it.
Either do something about it or let it go.
Its as simple as that.
He got paid from Verizon too
just listening to music you?
:
It is a problem when I open my Outlook calendar and don't know when I'll actually work, right?
Yeah ...
About that ...
We are sharing ...
Done deal
Well put RT : Realizing that a big reason I hate talking politics is that it's actually hard/awkward to agree on facts.
SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING ITS BEEN IN MY HEAD ALL DAY 3
No one from NorthDakota has ever been to Throwstertees.com.
Come on, North Dakota, what's it going to take?
oh yes.
Bynum is beast.
Like I said, not sure what the poor part of the choice was!
Ahh nothing like the fresh smell of prints right off the press!
Seriously!
Hooray for the new issue!
I'm getting ready to DJ the Michael Bastian Fall 2012 show.
answer your damn phone it's time to
the realist!
that's a lot!
Uh oh mayweather got his panties in a twist!!
0O
Just gave suellen a fat lip...whoops
its like sitting in room temperature merky bath water
Here we go Nadal and Federer!!!
Wow I advent been on here in awhile I have tweets from 3 months ago in my time line.
Or maybe Walker means he'll create the 250K jobs by losing on June 5 and letting someone who knows how to create jobs take over
A good hockey player plays to where the puck is.
A great hockey player plays to where the puck is going to be.
WG
Anyone else think Tyler Glenn is attractive?
Lol
I like Grimm as well
Parada kickoff dance this sat night, at Whiskey River!!!
Thank you Sir.
thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it.
We sure had fun!!
RT : New menu starts today : get our corned beef  cabbage on your plate for St.
Paddy's!
Full menu:...
The Jedi Council received Continuing Education Credits after Yoda's lecture on using RTTT funds.
You were awesome this morning!
Tonight will be rad!
My favorite clients are the ones who upload an avatar to basecamp.
Looking for a new or newtoyou car in/around Madison, WI?
How can I earn your business?
Welcome to the BSU President's Club!
When empowering others, don't forget to empower yourself.
It will deplete you if you don't
Make everyday the best day.
it was wrong last week, but dialidol has Jessica Sanchez safe and that's after she started last after 20 minutes of voting on East Coast
me too, our tune is KILLER...
No pun intended!
girl I love it here!
We saw Hoda running up Harlem Hill!
Go Hoda!
RT : Just finished my 1st nyrr 10k race!
did you see me?
Ugh they're the worst!
I don't even try them on anymore!
Happy, happy, happy birthday !!!
Wahooo!!
I need a nail file.
Some body else got this phone so please stop text ing please
yes indeed it is.
I think it just happened in the last month
I'm not sure why but I just ran outside into the pine trees bare foot and I'm out here now I don't wanna go back to the house.
At all.
just looked in the mirror and i got like 3 shades darker on my puerto rican swag
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, dont invent it with your small mind  share it with your big mouth.
Found an uncashed check in my bag.
Hello
A nigga will not care if you jumped off a bridge and landed on your neck  died
so I can go into my job
its April 21 and thank you:
Woke up and saw fowler came back!
With about to activate our vip passes.
Thank God it's Friday..and How Bout them Gators?!!
Doug Martsch on Wednesday nights!
Great show!
Oh that's cool.
Weird question: Anyone know of any video of doing a captainin Kirk impression?
Supposed to rock it.
yep I always get them speeds up recovery and I have to be able to sing
Kaveh Bazargan  River Valley  discussing WordPress as a publishing platform.
would go well at
here to a good one
Just learned Martin Luther King was a notorious adulterer...really really starting to wonder if a good man has ever walked this Earth...
As long as you're by my side, I know I have nothing to fear.
I can take on the world full force becuz you have my back.
Aww.
I'm glad Dean has found somebody.
It would interesting that episode.
Thanks for sharing the bike sign up form w/ !
We can't wait to see all of you guys next weekend!
what ?
Cod?
Hey folks, thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
Were you taken out of the Animal Kingdom in an ambulance?
If so, I was there.
At school higher than a chinese kite
Well...that game sucked butt
Tree of Life finally opens at Vinegar Hill tomorrow.
Watching a cooking show...trying to get ideas lol
Last week I was at a Brewers game and saw a Bears 4 Favre jersey.
Tried snapping an incognito pic but didn't turn out.
: This tweet is 6 Tweets away from Kevin Bacon retweeting it LOL
...especially for a small donation so he can, you know, eat and not sleep with rats in his shelter room.
ItsAwkwardWhen You feel like you talk to all the wrong people.
Had some stuff go down here.
Was on a Facebook/Twitter hiatus for a while.
What's up America?
Loading wisecracks.....
Shouldn't David Stern win Executive of the Year?
Why thank you : Got any big plans for the weekend ?
Sometimes we need to hear that the right thing to do is to keep doing what is right!
just downloaded chasing the sun ahh!
: and glad you came is playing on the radio as I tweet!
:
hot chocolate with cinnamon
Maybe Robert Knapp's Invisible Romans is better?
Everyday people?
The nonmegarich?
I know same!
I feel so unprepared though!
They lovin vid right now..successful blk man wit his blk wife treatin her like a blk Queen
When does the segment air?
Cats hangover.
we're here!
What section will you be in at Citi Field on June 18th?
When all you date is athletes, all you know is this lifestyle only a certain amount of women are actually capable to deal with athletes
No decision for Troy Williams today.
He says that one may come later in the week.
Anyone do doctorwall in Rochester NY?
Looking for an experienced person to either assist me or do the job!
I knew I wasn't alone!
:
Amazing performance!
RT : Holy shit!
just sang La La Land live !
Thank you for the RT, !
Boa I Aint Had No Cat Since Saturday Before Last.
Thats So Not Cool.
Had the pleasure of speaking with last night.
He was somehow even nicer than he is on The Best Show.
How is that possible?!
I'll try one.
very cool facebook link from Chef Mom  I liked it on facebook and bet you will too!
My nigga taking a shit at the club....lol
Right back at ya, hun!
XOXO
Thanks so much to all those who attended and support the ChingoZine launch party!
It was amazing.
If you didn't make it out the...
I'm very disappointed you would retweet a person with an offensive user name.
I think all your followers deserve an apology.
Omg TheWeekendShow is making me cry haha
On This Day: May 15, 1618, Johannes Kepler discovered his harmonics law.
I'm following anyone that follows me
is about to lead the bus in prayer
Thank you very much!
Why bother?
Very funny shows!
You must have downloaded it to your iPad then.
Do you see the app on your iPad home screen?
At the after party for the new joint!!!
It's crrraaazzzyyy in here man.
If u ain't here u ain't nowhere!
tell mama i said happy mothers day and i love her the most
OMG, she looks stunning..very old hollywood glamour look, luv those red fire lips
The Efficient Fund Hypothesis
All i want it a tweet back!
HOLLA!
You are awesome!
Decided to forego an audition after finding it was located in the bachelor pad ontop of a hill with no sign of life in sight.
Up bright and early!
Word thank yhu for makin my Monday nite awesome
I guess if the greeneyed monster is greedy then the redeyed monster is the one that cares too much?

DC in the house.
You're my favorite nonWizard.
Keep doing what you do.
Tell Your Dad Happy Father's Day.!3 For Making Such A Talented And Cute Guy Like You!3 Follow Back.!:
I kind of wish Nick Fury was played by anyone else
I was going to do it until I saw that one of the requirements was good attendance...
Awk
New web look!
www.rarero.net !
credits to header contest winners for the headers!
One less bridesM will make your life so much easier in the end.
It's more intimate too, and u can give them a nicer gift :
good luck tomorrow.
It's real early, no worries
Long time.
What's up?
this girl in my class said usher discovered justin and I was like no, it was scooter  we were arguing about it.
Bitch please, i would know.
Sorry to hear about Etta James.
She was such an inspiration!
faaaaareezing  sleeping in my robe, long johns and a long sleeve tee.
Facebook doesn't hold a candle to Twitter on nights like tonight.
At a conference last week, a woman used face time to check her hair.
She had to stop to do this.
In the middle of a hallway.
A facebook grifter!
That's the nicest thing anyone's called me in a long time.
Watching american history x
Thanks for the followup.
It was a hoppin crowd last night.
Enjoyed tasty Achiote Salmon.
Big thanks to Kate for takin care of us!
LOVE that has added Character and Paragraph styles in CS6!
Getting ready to take my US Citizenship oath today.
Interesting times.
TY for RT of my work!
Hape you all have a great weekend.
Who remembers how to get in free to the MOMS Sale?
Can't get comfortable with this big ass brace on my leg..
ugh :/
And no, I don't think Taco Copter is a real thing, but a boy can doctoram can't he?
A boy can doctoram.
Never realized that sticky notes could be so useful!
I may or may not find my way to your store.
I have to out someone...
you know who.
With the way this game is going, holding Wisconsin to 3 on that doctorve is big.
not every guy is going to fall for you little slut act so you might as well stop.
it's not cute.
One roommate is dying his hair, one is showering, the other is shaving.
I just need to fuckin piss.
This is how people get kidney stones
More of a Gold Foil Variant, but yes.
Really enjoyed 's UnitedStats on Think my Tuesdays at 10pm are locked in.
Watching 2 guys that are priorities for us in this 2:30 game.
They would look really good in UD navy blue!
An actor is looking for conflict.
Conflict is what creates doctorma...
The more conflict actors find, the more interesting the performance.
you girls should come into Velocity for a good workout to prep for the season  free trials.
I see my path, but dont know where it leads.
Not knowing where Im going is what inspires me to travel it.
haha , that's mess up oO ha well I'm in English class  that sounds pretty fuckinf cool I've always wanted to bowl :0 but
Thanks!
Smithsonianthirst was just dubbed nerd Nirvana!
This is going to be fun!
will do, thanks for the follow back and I'll shoot you a quick note soon.
Chem final down.
Feel pretty confident about it.
One more to go today and 2 tomorrow
2 TUESDAY 2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 2 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK  MIKE DEAN
EMMA BUNTON  DON39;T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME ANYMORE ...
probably better than here in Denver.
p.s.
when I was baking the cake last night, I was totally reminiscing about our brownie days.
It was just not the same.
:
I just finished watching The Vow  my niece slept through the entire thing.
She's still sleeping, love this.
Good Morning!
I did have a good weekend, got to see some family and spend time with the kiddos!
How about you?
On the phone with :
When u have a common name people can email u accidentally.
It's weird when it's personal  if recipients reply all  u get the whole convo!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 37
Only I kno when enough is enough whether you lien or not I'm tired of rumors and tired of hearin shit so gone wit cha life and imdo the same
Slap Shot is on right now.
Yay!
Starting to really dig Google Docs.
If my hair doesn't start working I'm just gonna go bald..
you're cold hearted Vaughn!
Halloween must be in the air
FYI the links under Want to Lend a Hand?
are broken ...
just  placeholders.
Probably need to be fixed.
Baby girl!
: She got a flatty  Lol Cole...you stupid
Love big city 1 NFL 2
YoMommaSoFat when she bleeds grravy come's out
Fall season is filling up quickly.
No spots left on Thurs.
Tues  Wed nights still open.
Kinda makes me feel slutty.
Great audience at Titanic.
Talking  using their phones the entire time.
I'm sorry, are the deaths of 1,500 people too boring for you?
do you disapprove because you dont like Taylor or because fake fans will starting liking him just bc of her?
You too Tom, Happy Thursday
which txt u talkin bout???
thank you!
it was a great article.
Some tweeps are so impatient.
If I don't follow back within a day, they stop following me.
Funny.
I don't live on Twitter 24/7, folks.
Everyday is a gift from God, Treasure your blessings.
Yeah that was just recently explained to me  very unusual.
so sick you were at 's FIRST concert.
:
I mean there's so many people, what's stopping you from doing something ridiculous?
Forget that.
I actually want da moo moo
I'll be there!
Woohoo!
Rt Who wants 2 come 2 Orlando this weekend  hang out with  me?!
tris man on point like two red dice
forgettin' bout me already, i see 
Dinner and a water view.
cant sleep
Bitch its a FACT your a fat slut not a roomer I made up!
The Avengers tonight 3333
I've pretty much defected to facebook, yet upon periodic Twitter visitation I discover curious accidental reading of my tweets.
I have Saturday  Sunday Off!!!!
Thank God
its such a delight to hear from u!!!
:
as much as I was hoping you'd fail, glad it went well!
would have liked to see/hear it.
Not too many PTPers in blue tonight...
Craft is just nasty...
OSU still doing work
y'all niggas live at 530 in the morning on a Wednesday lol
Absolutely!
Appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students...best of luck!
:
Thank you to everyone who started their spring cleaning a tad early and donated their gently used formals!
They will go to a great home!
If you want to help out with the Orientation Fair board tomorrow send a DM or contact our President
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
yeah we just went through Atlanta
I think my hair turned out brown.
:/.
naa that's all u pimp : and yea sort of
: Guys who are as goofy and dorky as me I must be the shit lol
we want some of your chai!
;
are you or have you tried that diet thing?
We agree.
Thanks for the RT!
; How you changed my world you'll never know, I'm different now, you helped me grow, You came into my life sent from above.
lol you're welcome!
HA!
Glad I'm watching it in the morning instead of tonight before bed.
Sounds like the thing of nightmares.
lol
See ya texans.
true that was hyperbole.
21CRadio tweet chat starts in half an hour!
Sec.
Duncan, budgets reflect our values.
Let's make sure our budgets reflect just how much we value childoctorn.
,
If someone says thats what he said one more time im going to find this so called HE and kick his ass
Welcome to Chicago Expo!
SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city!
Bring your show pass  get 10 off!
3125525100
FTC to do app for smart phones.
Smart phone use in low income communities is high because most households do not have computers
losing a tooth is one of my biggest fears.lol
i love how celebs only tweet back the improtant ppl how about u re tweet the little ppl who wana be like you and rlly care bout you
Skydottir Epic Cookies await you at today's Lynnwood grand opening!
20 minutes to go...
soon!
We had a holiday break!
Think it was like 100 or so...not a crazy high number, but enough to keep me from pulling out my credit card immediately.
Busy Sundaygonna help a fellow animator, doctorw some stuff up for DW's, conference call with some potential partners/clients, then doctorw again
Gillibrand To Push For Federal Legislation Allowing Gay Parents To Adopt  NY1
Hopefully you're a Dodgers fan bc did you catch the last 3 games?
I have died everyday/waiting for you/ darling don't be afraid/I have loved you/ for a thousand years ...
nowlistening 3
If this isn't the perfect day for Peach Mango tea, I don't know what is...
sent you a text but I think my phone is acting up again...
Text me so I can text you back, lol.
DASER Ellen Levy Inattention Blindness is an old concept in art...look at these paintings from the 17th century.
Witticisms, not my milieu.
Woo hoo!
We have 30 likes, y'all!
:
It's ABSOLUTELY NOT that states decision to make that carrying cash means they can take it from you.
That is total Bullshit.
Thanks for being our 300th follower !
We're happy to connect!
hey brotherinlaw tell my bby I said hi and I love him to father my future childoctorn.
He's headed to prep school, right?
You're right, not even close, Avetts all the way!
Thanks for the RT.
Am loving my radio on  makes mi dia fly!!
the weekend can't come quick enough!
Headed to the 2009 League of Ment Christmas Lunch.
Should be fun.
So we were in talks with someone about renting a house.
Got to the point of getting the deposit ready and found out it was a scam.
just finished my KEYWORD research Thanks for all the easy to follow tutorials!
Enjoy the gym while I sit in the office!
the only reason u have a twitter is to keep an eye on me.
I have one wish in life...to be happy.
I can never make indirect tweets about Le Hoe because she gets these tweets to her phone.
Fucking slag, Hi Zoe 
And when you're done reading his column, come see him speak for free June 2!
RT now has weekly column.
0700 work day finished with a marathon work meeting.
Coffee, Hockey, and second to last springtraining game for the sfgiants at home.
If you don't see me know I'm somewhere working hard Young Noble
: hey ; you're cute!
justsayin3 thank you 3
Bustin' loose from this mortal coil.
Happy Thanksgiving!
What was your favorite dish?
CB video questions come from on Romneyreligion; on VP Biden; on the House  on Sen.
Warner
We've been so impressed by the entires in our EarthDay contest.
2 days left to snip!
235 max PR tonight on deadlifts.
Feel great.
working now, then off to I love 12 hour days :
Donald Frail form AstraZeneca: we are committed to these compounds and making them work.
Suppose I should pack for my week in myrtle and my trek back to NEW YORK.
swing dance nights are going great!
This weekend, we celebrate 4 year anniversary of swing at Te!
who gonna run this town tonight?
But all it looks like is that you rentin out pussy
you're a rockstar for covering for the automated metrics round table...
Even if saw you and ran..
doctoram with my eyes open Sleep when I'm dead Love who my hearts chosen Conquer what lies ahead.
Stop by the Kimberly Clark/Colgate kiosk  Publix for  saving coupons.Be sure to ask how to purchase a cutout to support healthier babies!
Need suggestions for iPad apps for eightyear old girl.
Not that I'm going to give it up easily for her to play on.
Sounds like you're adding something to the Constitution that's not there.
I think I've heard you criticize judges for that.
awesome.
By the way, I was in Starbucks tonight and ran into Jason Roy from B429.
Random small world.
Today is the first day of September Interims.
Meetings all day and then off to some great events this evening!
people saying hoodoctorts really irritates me.
The are 0 hoods in maine.
That shit aint cool cause she doing it
I got a B in English 
Another good weekend for AZ hoopsters on the AAU circuit.
Kids continuing to get better and rep AZ well!
: I have hit the highest education level of any female in the family excepting Josephine,
I am seeing Craig Finn!
Bird hit the front window of our house this am.
He was knocked out and then later just dazed blinking his eyes.
Good reason not to clean.
Its money in the sky HY
baby can't wait to see you in action roar ;D
Rushers Love Their 4 Kings :'
Watching OnceUponATime .
You guys keep my wife and I glued week after week.
FYI, even if your roommate works for the IRS, you apparently can't just hand him your W2 to do your taxes.
Great read...
Our Dirty Love Affair With Trash by Edward Humes
The gestures are really weird on it, you should customize before you do anything
I'd fuck'em all cause that's how I feel
Hey I am checking out this tweeting thing...I'll let you know how i like it.
Puttin my subs in next weekend!
What music are you into this weekend, DC?
MIC also connects to imperialism, racism, sexism.
Specific to NATO, it is used as an excuse.
Multinational  no one to blame
ShanahTovah I'll be joining in the celebration with my shofar tonight!
Blow the trumpets, says the Lord.
What's up !
I guess you do tweet!
The archives are rockin' as usual:
I tried again.
:O
SOTU gets 38M viewers n trails SF/NYG NFL game by 20M in election year.
Does this set up POTUS for a Cundiff or Williams?!
took a break from paper writing for a few hours to watch history in the making.
Change;
James Dean mother fucker.
Hi ALL!
Patty from , Pittsburghbased architecture, planning, interior design for healthcare, higher ed, and corp clients.
Before I die, I will see an Alabama concert.
I don't care if I'm 50, I will go.
Sorry but this madonna hercules remix is and will always be the hardest shit ever.
you love your gaammma :
its hot as shit man
You did such a great job!
Now enjoy the day!
RT : feeling good and stretched after my reformer class at
Sandusky I am absolutely shocked that Sadusky's attorney would allow him to give this interview.
Tell your pillow, not the world.
not sure now, depends on if they'll let me go by the dist ctr to pick it up tomorrow
Beast Mode!!
Buzz WIlliams has just sweated through his 9th shirt of the tournament.
Isn't EVERY cruise kind of a disaster?
Don't miss out on Re3hab tomorrow Gonna be poppin!
Hit me up for VIP services!
If u say I look like I'm like 23 then fuck it I'm 23
Robert u r the best guy I know and u r so smexy plz follow than u
Yeah, will the piece lose relevancy by 2014?
Based on the topic, seems like it would...
Happy bday to me est Standard time
Haha what time would your show be on here in Arizona Cause it's very confusing
oh man..
if only he could afford to relocate the entire population is St.
louis....
Oh, wait...
YouGetMajorPointsIf you play football !
its funny having a remote now for my laptop LOL
thnx dude RT : : : grind coffee at UWM tastes like sewage water No way bro the grind coffee is good!
if you think your nigg ' / Girl cheating Juss ask if you real you would be honst but you did the right thing asking if they lie thts one thm
4 Months Strong!
NewYorkCity If You Can Make It Here, You Can Make It Anywhere
and what level is that?
glad youlike them
The TSA guy just called me 'cutie'.
I'm so glad they get to scan my body now.
Twitter handle secured.
RT : This weekend's concerts include a preconcert talk about the music  composers one hour prior to curtain.
Gorging on cherries...lalala, Happy Sunday ;
Dick hard
Finale of shameless...
Bitch I ride for my team up down win lose 
christina took all the time eliminating jesse..blake only got one minute :
I HATE HICCUPS
I can't wait for the Silent Auction at flacon2011 I hope they are as good this year as they were last year.
It is 60 degrees in NJ.
Whaaaa????
Thanks for the follow!
I like your inspirational quotes.
The idea that time  money cheapens our life outside of work :
NaLee2010.com a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy
TGIF to all of our A/V peeps!
And can they PLEASE score a goal!!
yeah more ice XD
Thanks for infoYou should get a grant for your radio show..just sayin
enjoy the show!
Ready for summer.
what time ur going to sleep !?
Thats not too bad ;
Never watching horror movies at night alone again!
Kept me up all morning just thinking about it.
Now my eyes puffy from no sleep.
Follow back?
:
I keep sneezing..
I was actually coding on my first Atari computer when I was about 8 years old.
The Atari 800XL.
yikes That thing was fun.
a showgirl
LETS TO THUNDER
: Stoked fashion week is almost over.
avoidkanye Bush hates black doctorsses.
thanks!
Great to see you!
We'll have to meet up again soon!
Ha ha yes!
Though I assume you heard that whole retraction on This American Life.
RT Amazes me how people underestimate the travel time by car to a local store and wildly overestimate the ride time by bike.
just seen a clser pic.
the doctorss on her.
i beat some kid up and broke my hand!
Hahahahahahahahahahahah!
Nope, i wanna fuck Justin Bieber that's it
It's Adele impression time when the mic is off!
He is the fellatio chairman after all.
I guess you could say he knows dick
Jay Bruce is on fire!!
I question your football knowledge if you lay one ounce of blame on Matty.
' Global Month of Service is for engagement and giving back that represents the brand.
Keeping it real ..there is plenty of asskissing agencies out there, if that's what you want don't hire us A Shapiro, CEO of
let em know
So you fancy huh?
I know its hard but stick to it.
It took my daughter  I 8 wks to really find our bf groove.
But so worth it.
: RT : I want Marv Albert to announce my wedding reception.
did u know I can't RT ur tweers b/c ur tweets are protected.
if there are any.
:
They say, that each  every man is responsible for his own destiny.
My thoughts are willing to go that way.
But what about the rest of me?!
I'm really feelin this person...Too bad i know its never gonna happen.
only time will tell.
while i was gone the power went out and it screwed up this computer.
what is this a Banana Republic??
loving life
If I wasn't so busy working, maybe I could actually get some work done.
: Happy New Year to some of favorite PackerBackers woot let's go can't wait for the playoffs!
Ohio University vs UNC is some high doctorma...
Take me home country roads
My phone not working  NextelSucks!
honestly Austin Rivers  The of the NBA  he is a Teen Wolf !
We are hard at work this week prepping for a new Science of Sports collection with the coming this summer.
haha not to me they don't haha i guess maybe to you i would haa :
Somebody please wake me up from this nightmear!!!!
Return my mom to me, so she can set things straight.
Yes we are playing during
...other day I cried a little :'D.
Hey..
How is the feeling holding a newborn baby ?
my best friend is doctorving into town today for our next week of shooting.
so stoked!
nothing better than work w/ good friends.
as worker I can tell you the benches are at the carpenter shop being refurbished.
Hope to...
At least I can spell.
oh god yeah!
tellmeaboutthat !!
New job.
First day jitters are over.
Tomorrow, I'll be jittery because I learned how to use a Keurig machine, and it's right by my desk.
Thanks, Erica.
Enjoyed the meeting with you and Mike.
Hope you guys enjoyed the breakfast and look forward to talking more.
Sometimes it is very hard to choose which of the ten amazing coffee shops in my neighborhood to go to.
Oh the difficult life I lead.
Painting is so much fun!
I have to do it more often :
album prod.
by would be dope as fuck
Go Steelers!!!
I've been on for almost 5 and I only have a fraction of that!
I saw the one direction video what make u beautiful Harry and zayn r so sexyy ,
WILL THE KIDS IN THE BACK DENY IT?
lol that's even better!
Going to The Happiest Place On Earth w/my older bro  the nieces on Sunday.
extra plus: it's yellow
I kind of like that e red carpet mix lol
Free tapas and wine on opening night, plus doctornk and food specials up to 50 every Wednesday night.
Woke up at 3 and I could go back to sleep right now
OBAMA is the first GAY, DOGCONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES
Going to the movies with my mom mother and son time ;
In Chicago.
Someone purchased room service for me.
Whomever you are, thanks.
And to all of you, thank you!
40 ain't bad!
if you love me pls follow my close and personal friend at and add her on fb at facebook.com/bookofshadows84
Yeah haha.
My dad wanted to see it because he hasn't, so I went with him.
Expect everything and the unexpected never happens...
great movie
2 great things about app update: 1 Take photo of check to deposit it 2 Legal explanation, etc.
in plain English!
Thank you!
well...why not use a little bit from everything?
of course.
Always!
What are you looking to eat??
its cool so how the weather
I know i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, call me maybe...3
dude, anytime this week you want sushi, just let me know.
Stupid people..
Went vegan for dinner.
Stomach is extremely confused and not that happy.
deep breathes, you can do it!
Cool.
Are you in Belltown, or close.
We tend to throw together gangs of folks and attack local Happy Hours and eat great food.
Thank you for ruining a perfectly working highlighter only 3 quarters of the way through your book.
My pink has run doctor!
Geez!
......
does this mean your gonna be rough?
how's the jailhouse tat?
THEY MIGHT BEAT THE HEAT .I KNOW doctorAM ON
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from EmperorNortons.
Hope you all enjoy a day off with family.
When does Farmers Market open  Cathedoctorl Square?
Waking up in your bed saying sorry in advance, Cause I'll be right back here again in the morning.
So apparently in Vegas  nearby on may 20 there is gonna be some wild deal where the moon crosses the sun  it's gonna be dark at like 5pm
Aw!!
did my mom pay you 5 to say that???
will you wish me luck for this week?
I have three MAJOR tests, and I'm really nervous.
Please?
: xx
that shower was the bomb 
Hi Matt.
Great to meet you.
He got that super bass 3
Regarding the Tissue Sessions.
I've experienced it.
Serious
you have to convert, though
Ok who ratted my chicken boy out?
If you don't have sex with him/her, then the dinner never happened
yeah i got a weak stomach, thats why i dont doctornk much
Moved all my shit out.
Now I'm hungry with no food.
Wow.
signs with Redskins.
Colts are going to have the worst season :
heh.
It's also for my bookclub this month.
FYA?
Each day gives you an opportunity to change something in your life.
I use that opportunity to change my underwear.
I am doing good.
Thank you for the great interview!
You are so sweet  the best anchor!
Can't wait for your piece on college planning.
a Conserved the bullpen.
b only two earned runs for said awesome bullpen.
Berken isn't a Major Leaguer.
I'm fine with tonight.
Solicitor from NU's theatre program interpreted me while I was helping her to tell me how much she liked her own posters.
In trash methinks
Michelle Obama looks flawless tbh.
Ha word up cuz!
See ye in July, its gonna be a great time!
Shout outs to some homies, Connie  Jeffrey!
Bay Areaaaah!!!
:D
All these crews resemble one of the crews from ABDC6
That awkward moment when u walk by someone u think u know, say what's up  then later realize its not them but instead somebody else.....
LoL...
I always use basketball as my baseball fall back.
Soccer when I feel like mixing it up a bit.
dusts off bball jersey
Church was Awesome  understatement...whheeeeww..
..
Jesus.filled the church Deliverance was grabbed!
Good morning world!!
On this day in 1942, 3,000 Jews were murdered at Diatlovo, Belorussia.
600 escaped, more than 100 of whom formed a partisan unit
wow, sweet gifts!
Is that tanqueray?
Yuummmmm
Daughter was hot BUT I KNOW BETTER.
Never get tangled up with stage parents.
Straight misery and torment.
It's too hot outside , time for a dip in the pool !
oh okay just wondering if you got that.
Liking someone so much...
Knowing that they don't actually mean it when they say they like you back...
/3
Elevator Cusack.
Better than elevator muzak?
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors for SAKIRI Vodka.
Send picture and resume to:
folkyeah!
rocked the big folk's festival in Dallas
Rondo sucks this is embarrassing the Celtics should never lose to the 76er's
Over plaayed songs on the radio  .
i know right?
ick!
Hi David.
I'm running out to buy Steve's Cohen's book, Win the Crowd today!
Also if you want to right for Bench Player Sports we are always open to new writers.
let's get together and eat some nutella.
Sounds like a good idea since we are both HYPER!
That sounds good
haha great minds think alike
Meeting later.
Teaming up with KissFM to give away first and second row seats for this summers Kanye West concert!
I won't stop following cause he's our bad ass tackle but it's annoying that he's a laker fan!
Lol
Have you gotten the official FacebookTimeline invite yet?
Officially rolling out now!
doing great!
your a cutie!:
My sincerest apologies to my followers for the spam tweets.
My account got hacked today unfortunately...
just thought ii'd say hey to you :
Chi!
Do you know what it feels like to win a pair to Fantabuloso?
Well FIND OUT!
I got your hook up on at 8....
thanks for tweeting Re: Kaplan talk good topic to explore learner performance
If Rams trade up to get Richardson, could Browns be in play for Jackson since they missed out on Rich?
The duck face is not a good look for ANYONE!!
Wish I could talk to him !!
sorry I had tweetlimit on the DM I'm sorry gosh D:
why does have 22K followers?
PLEASE, ADVERTISE TO ME WILL YOU?
OH PLEASE????
I was playing Saints Row and a cop tried to kill me so I was like in voice nope not even, I'm a saint I do whatever I want.
what's the trainreport?
On time?
Early?
Always treat each other with love and respect.
Big game tonight...
Let's go Philadelphia Flyers!!!
Looked at porn today for work purposes...
I shit you not
That's what I thought too.
It's only bc a certain you know who follows us.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Bob Dylan and Toni Morrison to Receive Presidential Medal of ...
Leave it to to find a Diggy Simmons reference in a tweet lmao.
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Can't wait to read Possess!
The imposters sitting in seats don't have the homerun reflexes I'm accustomed to, watching on
Tonight studio 8 San jose CA its going down me an my boy doing big things in a big city all are invited you want to be there
Shooting video for IWIF scholarship w/
Rain Rain Go Away,, Come Back Another SUMMER!
I bet this doctornk costs 1500 dollars.
polo polo polo..
Touching story 2 share  true, its the memories and a connection to 'home' when you are away that makes PackerNation special
congrats!
It looks like you reached your goal!
Tonight arrive early at Broadway bar  take advantage of the 75 bottle special b411pm dont forget wer havin a 500bikini contest!RSVP NOW!
have a good weekend!
YAY!!
Who was it?
We'll let them know!
RT : I think I had the best tour guide!
Louis Vuitton Outlet, Enjoy 75 Off On Louis Vuitton Handbags ...
Time waits for no man...
so let's get it together!
Aw!
LA Misses you!
: Hope Berlin is great!
:
: I swear I can't tell if oneofmyfollowers is a boy or a girl here I can help, I'm a dude
Vegetarian in Austin airport  ice cream for lunch :
I hope you come back.
Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
Its time to get in shape for the summer with Tune in 2nite  630  1030 for Pt 1 of our series on bootcamps and fitness classes
why fool myself I'm alone in this world talking to myself
do you know why Jimmy Nielsen isn't on the ballot?
Champieux library controls the pool of titles for
if ur interested in hearing how u changed my life for the better dm me
Kinda doctornk.
Hope I don't f up tn in Vball.
Just booked another bride with our friends at Jameson Creations for June 2012!
Acting liking a normal person in Grand Theft Auto 4 because you're bored.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature.
It will never fail you.
Frank Lloyd Wright
nvm, i can't sleep  lol.
your email is not working?
Reading time..
smashin this ice cream!
this shit qood as hell !
shocker, i know.
deep breaths, rob.
deep breaths.
SportingKC awesome job!!
is the man!
Cant wait to sit in for Wednesdays game!!!
Wasn't it Ryan Braun who said this game is dumb sometimes
Pregnant Reese Witherspoon: How She's doctorssed Her Bump So Far
Ohio state does it.
I don't know exactly what it's called...
Individual study or something?
But look into it
Next week or the week after would work for me.
Hope you both have a great New Year's Eve!
my favorite weather too
: so glad to hear it!
ps bro its time to get a new photo, the baby pic needs to grow up
Why does school ruin lives?
Oops made myself a bloody topshelf its that kinda day ..
sorry not sorry
u flying out
RT : A1.
living my most fab life is about being the best person that I can be and being a blessing to others
dude....we knew that.
Thx for suggestions.
I want easy way to get file from GDocs to for writing feedback.
I'll look into this.
Oh, and booked.
Borgata in a week4the WPT then off to Rosarito Beach to live for a few months and make my triumphant return to Pokerstars :D
M.
Friday night Voodoo.
Dats whats up.
I need MORETHANTHIS.....constantly working towards a better ME
YOU SAID ''FOREVER''  I BELIEVED IN U :C
RT  Just heard some lady walk by lids and say Look at all the Tom Brady hats they have.
I believe the team is called ...
What a great night celebrating birthday and sneaker launch!
It was an epic night, but we have to do it again soon with
When my window creeks.
aww...
we need to get together and watch playoffs like true bros.
Diplo just invited all the pretty girls to the stage, but I'm too busy picking kimchi out of my teeth.
As March begins it's your last chance to get 2011 pricing for your 2012 coolers.
Stop in at any of our stores to secure these great...
you're lucky you have friends
Hope so.
RT If good things come to those who wait, are procrastinators set for life?
That's Weird.
:
nice.
Remember when we were there?
Awesome
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
word to Big Bird
Hey everyone I'm back so follow me I.
Follow back
Really hope the Astros go highrisk highreward and take Buxton over one of the pitchers.
RT This week's Smart Energy links include: LEDs for lighting; green jobs gone missing; and garden hose to the sky bit.ly/nQwGJP
im done at six im not going through anymore files
Considering going to ALA this summer.
Good for a librarystudent?
Umii opens office in Moscow
RT : Now following
Who wants to play, What Can I Fit In There?
Watching football all day long with my family.
Go Badgers!
playing at recoup lounge at 8:30 this Thursday
The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music.
It is needful to have the instrument in good order.
Henry Ward Beecher
call me am there with the party bus 786 223 1654
try the vue
I think its finally hitting me
BronxPizza all the way!!
Bon apetito!
PR Tip of the Day: Keep press releases short and sweet.
Reporters dont want to read a long press release.
One page is plenty.
Still adjusting to the sartorial disconnect between the west and DC.
Totally underequipped in suit components.
That's a bummer.
Its simple, pack up all your things and move to Colorado.
lol
When we can access our feelings and express them responsibly, our emotions move us away from pain and toward pleasure.
Thank you, dear one.
I'm looking forward to giving you a big hug at LCC!
The TeeParty sounds like a fantastic time!
Major Shout Outs to for putting on what will be a wonderful event!
critcode Thanks for the shoutout.
doctorve comes out on Tuesday!!!
Good Morning BFF!
What's going on?
: Hey BFBF 
In the future, everyone will have 15 minutes of shame.
Florida is looking like they could score 100 tonight!
or UK v.
UF for round 4
Speaking to Public Humanities Grad Students about altac and digitalhumanities at noon.
Any suggestions from those in the museum world?
Q4: as often as possible.
last weekend the my grandsons and i made deviled eggs
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Groucho Marx
If You Love Someone Put Their Name In A Circle Not A Heart, A Heart Can Break
Eating pizza rolls and chocolate icecream with !!
well since I'm an idiot I didn't take any pics, maybe the guy I bought it from still has some.
hahah good joke
I don't think it works that way.
But good luck!
Q:What is your shoe size and how tall are you?
A:I wear a size 6 in womens and a size 5 1/2 in boys  jordans 3
Me and my friend be havin some interesting convos bout my math teacher..like they say once you go black you never go back lol
Yes.
Jr Rails dev here, blazing fast learner.
welcome back!!
gravitas soon.
also, lunch with me and tomorrow.
Hi Joe!
How did I miss you here?!
YOU ARE LYING TO ME.
you're grounded.
grounded.
:The era of something for nothing must end Your right it's time we tax big oil they have had enough hand outs
Watching mortal kombat while the lil one sleeps
That explains things.
Chiefs shirt thought the spinning was tumbleweeds.
He couldn't explain all the water though.
Ha ha!
I'm at MS53
: I don't stop when I'm tired, I stop when I'm done.
Determination
Hello from Portland, OR...
Good choice PR Communications at Clearpoint.
When do you next PackABagGo?
it is so nice to see you had out a pic :
NEEDS T0 ST0P BEiNG A CHiCKEN AND GET A DAMN TATT00!
I bet but I know u enjoyed urself
So who else is wearing something ridiculous on their head and watching the Kentucky Derby?
I don't think it's going to happen.
I wish I could warm up my coffee by letting it sit in the sun, without the milk going bad.
you're missing out out on a Spanish contest!!
Oh no!
We're sorry you're having that problemour awesome support team can help you troubleshoot!
18554662646 MF 9AM5PM EST
Home could be a location from which you orient your musings, or an emotional reality around which you orient your musings.
Ah..Nashville!
Also, back in the BBS days, I used to have the nick To Wit.
Thank you.
Raw Tonight RT if your watching
I borrowed my mum's once  painful!
u tel em
Finally got Saints Row 3 so Sabrina and I can continue our thug beatings with a massive dildo.
funthingscouplesdo.
3
I want to kill my battery before I go to sleep but I don't have anything good to tweet.
I don't get what LOVE mean!!!
This is going to eventually make Aron Winter's playoff season look AMAZING.
Right?
Bad weekend?
probably.
I 3 my chiropractor!
Thats why: netflix4life RT: Really?
RT Did you know your cable box sucks more energy from your home than your refrigerator?
Just got my very first etextbook
PS: built at
Those who are United Methodists  what are your thoughts on restructuring?
Yes, I had just a few diehard fans in the library with me.
They especially loved when he read an excerpt.
Did you watch?
it wont let me at the moment my twitter froze  tweet me tmmisterw or in like 2 hrs to follow you somethings wrong
cambridgemass see u in 9 days
Hmm I know I not in jail
Just freaked out because I saw a tall white balloon move in my room in the semidarkness and thought it was Slender Man.
The internet sucks.
A reminder to make your own home base RT : The problem with FaceBook is you are building a house on rented land
haha I'm the only person who has ever heard it!
I might have to post it sometime.
SHE BOUT CONFUSED AS A BLONDE COUNTING...
And thx usvi for the bottle of cruzan rum!
my apologies for the poor experience, please email us details and we will addoctorss for you
hiding where?!
I'm missing the invitations :
Hair Metal Album Track Listing Algorithm: 1.
Hit Single 2.
Uptempo, nonsingle 3.
Powerballad 4N.
No one listens to these
isn't that what it is for?
take your leap now and grow your wings on the way down
which eoi is it ?
thanks katie
A display of courage by a leader inspires.
Venting is good.
Stay up
TechCrunch Primer: A Crash Course In Cool Camera Apps
Ask hi Yvonne
Your a bitch..yes I'm subtweeting about you
..
me too decided to tune in, really like Adam  celo
I set fire to the rain, watched it pour as itouched you face
Twitters something else man i got my Ass handed 2 me.
I should took my Ass off  put in my hand like Dam
About to give a presentation to professorssional colleagues...and I just realised I am wearing slippers and not shoes.
how have u been chelsea?
This Easter weekend a girl of 21 was killed in a head on collision with a semi truck the family is reaching justin bieber for any tributeRIP
Hard to put into words how badly the got outplayed in this series.
New Jersey deserved it.
But still...
I'm actually excited to watch preseason football....
That is a first
Older man on train with two small bouquets: too bad you're not my gf or I would give you one of these.
Take note, boys!
I don't feel too hot.
That was a huge second foul on Jamison.
He has to stay in the game!
Stupid foul
Glad to be at this year's professorssional Scholarly Publishing meeting in DC.
On the range at Doral teaching.
Hot day for end of October.
This doc office is testing my patience
We definitely do ;
oh, so many balls in the air for me!!
Am workin' as fast as I can on that!
In the meantime, did you get the holiday discount?
Yeah!
Thanks for the follow.
Catch my tweets on marketing  art.
I really need to visit your offices in
No one has received anything free from CarlKingdom/MutantMall.com recently.
There is really nothing that compares to the creative Zen of balancing abstraction with consistency.
This is my professorssion.
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk PARTY at Plan B bar in Portland
It's really great that the Cavs could reunite Mychel  Tristan.
mister.
Thompson must be so proud tonight!
I NEED to see the vow.....
I really NEED TO!!!
Thanks for the follow!
We'd love to help you get your word out!
Msg us at .
here here!
Trying Mari Luna's happy hour specials.
2 off guac.
So sad that Carlas going home but adam made the right decision i think.
we try...
apparently, not all us professor succeed?!
Germantown ladies set they self up for da kill and they dnt even know it they dam well them dem niggas aint faithful
oh well I guess!haa:
RT : Ok.
This crew sucks.
Aw shucks guys...makin me blush over here : Thx!
CV
I was backstage at SNL, too, and I definitely said to my friend that the girl in the pillbox hat was my new style icon
Or does hierarchy become become a game of numbers?
Likes  expert.
You got mail.
if you have any questions, let me know.
peace out
is having a comic book movie weekend extravaganza..
After seeing the Avengers my dorky self is screaming yes!
My acct was hacked.
If you get any dms about blogs, its not real.
Sorry.
To challenge your core try a Bosu run: grab light weights, get on the Bosu,  make a running motion with your arms while squatting.
Prom Hair for Prom Princesses.Twistii will donate Twistiis  up to 25 per updo to stylists providing UpDo services for clients of Ruby Room
Do you work early in am?
I'm one of those that needs very little sleep.
I'll get you some flowers the day you are buried.
that sounds awesome!
DM me and we can work out a sponsorship :
Feels disrespected
Had Such A Blessed Day.
Thankful 3
Don't tweet and tell.
The winner of the 4 VIP Breakfast tickets for the Milwaukee Holiday Parade is !
Chris Paul begs to differ....
I'm being spoon fed bull shit over here!
I'll kill this bitch.
poke poke poke hah
YES.
I.
DO.
.
doctorma just comes to me!
I don't even know why!
14Larry FitzgeraldWRLarry Fitzgerald
new post up now at 1standvine.tumblr.com!
nowplaying you should too!
dskfljlkaj im scared for him to get signed....
anyone watch Game Change last night?
It is ultimately selfdefeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws Bill Clinton Feb.
8, 1995.
I don't care about your bomb ass weed my nigga I got some good shit right here :
Boy we was representin Florida in GA last night
Glad to hear!
...
Comn good RT : How's ur recovery?
Gonna be ready for Olympics?
I laugh in your general direction!
best friend shout outs to :
thanks babe, making a good recovery :
i just wrote something down, correctly spelled, only backwards.
WHATS WRONG WITH ME?
Any Charley and the Chocolate Factory Fans out there?
Romney says mothers should be required to work outside the home in order to receive benefits.
Too bad that's been federal law since 1996
liespeopletell I want us to remain friends
we are gonna have to go golfing this weekend!!
We aim to bring relevant speakers 2 U MT : such good timing for SMBmad topic.
Just had call abt this yesterday.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
I agree with you Something has to happen soon!!
Thank you!!
Funny numbers...
increase funding of vouchers and charters and call it an increase for public education.
Hm?
80 of NFL players are bankrupt within 2yrs of retirement!!
Thanks for the links to the NC photo.
Beautiful buildings!
Got my replacement intuos mouse!
No more double clicking when I click once!
yup.
It's amazing!
That's funny.
I think the same thing every time I go back to
SO GOOD
yea I agree.
We can't risk having kids out in an area where someone is DANGEROUS and ARMED.
Hide yo kids.
Hide yo wife.
beautiful day stop by the response booth and say hi
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn.
Then be a unicorn
Lately you have begun to border on insubordination.
Good thing none of your bosses apparently read your blog.
It's going to be a great day
Max and I talked about so many people this weekend xD
RT: I got it quick this time trying to beat :
Good Morning Everyone.
You should brush twice a day with a fluoride toothpaste and floss once a day
Got a presentation tomorrow AM but too distracted to concentrate on my deck.
Maybe I should sleep and wake up extra early.
got fancy new gloves so I can use my touchscreen phone without freezing my WHOLE hand.
NERD
Same here.
Sinclair Lewis People will buy anything that is one to a customer.
Hello.
: What kind of music do you enjoy?
Go girl!!!
singing !said climbing the dtanoiels to heavuuun!!!
lol
Jason Schmidt, Juan Pierre, Andoctorw Jones, Juan Uribe...
How does Ned still have a job
Trying to help my mom cool off
Jim Morrison invading OVW tonight?
: Raise Your Weapon is addicting.
deadmau5 IKR!!!!!
TWEET US!
We're taking your questions for today's webinar How to use social data to make smarter marketing decisions via Twitter.
Did you see Frank Whaley on Blue Bloods??
LOL!
The good old days
sounds like a plan :
Had a surprise interview today when I doctorpped off a resume...whew!
The follow :
I resolved to only work on one project at a time!!
I usually have too many under way simultaneously.
Tonight: FRANK TURNER and The Sleeping Souls, ANdoctorW JACKSON JIHAD, INTO IT OVER IT Doors  8:00pm 15.00 at the door!
RT : HOUSTON!
Tonight, join at STATUS LOUNGE.
Very Deep.
All the VIP 'request an invite' parties at sxsw make me feel like I'm in high school again.
Haha, nice meeting you!
of course you are!
Now get out of jersey!
the nfl!
thats good!
Sorry it took so long im at work doin nthn lol!
: avengers later?
dude no!!!
Ha
Thank you and for the RT's!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Btw I love your picture for the TRSdaily promo!
It was so amazing!
Thank you so much ...
I am loving how is getting more screen time.
She hilarious!!
RHONJ GET HER ON
I'm amazing
Happy Bday Bella:Remember when I was 12  U were 9 U  the fam had fun on our yacht?
Now Ur 14.Wow time flies.
Have fun!
Why do teachers hate it when their students tweet????
Saw some beautiful balloons in the ABQ sky on my way to work this am!
Love it!
I catch my breath, shake my head, and I walk on.
I MISS YOU TOO : as soon as I get back!
Countdown till Dark Knight rises...too long away!
Going to sleep with you on my mind and your the first thing I think about when I wake up!
Truly blessed 
Niall Is Our Sexy Leprechaun ahaha!
Finally home, I'm so tired!
y u put the pic up where u used to prostitute down at the tx workforce comission?
Cannot get good service from ATT.
Canceling new service that never worked.
Shameful, really.
Love you and loved the evening with you..Hope it helps a lot..xoxo
You starting something.
Gufs, that reply made no sense.
I don't disagree with you!
Pretty much identical
A teenager just asked me: why should we mourn 1 when a mil die everyday?
I said we should mourn 1mil  1.
I love Sandoctor Oh.
I love lady marmalade;
your family is in my thoughts and prayers.
God bless.
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, 'My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic'?
One week until SEMA!
Who's going?
We're looking forward to unveiling some big projects!
SCHOOL starts next week m gonna hacve fun while I can
it's a rough estimation, of course, but adding .12 to the LD can pretty well establish run bad vs.
run good, and there's run bad here
oh, i'm in love with also, she's pretty great too
At work on break
about the poetry for the exam and the exam texts
bostoninitiative sprint today is my doctorpalcon takeaway
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 50 off all plants in our Greenhouse
LOS ANGELES 2night:doctorgonfly Nightclub, bringing the house DOWN!
Joshua proved he shuld b the nxt american idol
Clark stopped the bleeding, getting a goaltending call on his fast break layup to cut it back to 5.
5752 NC State with 3:26 to go
Lincoln: Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of the people?
Is there any better or equal hope in the world?
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer
he's awrsome'
The RLR jam session has been so great lately!
Thank you to everyone who's been a regular!
Mondays 9pm 626 S.
Spring St.
Listen, I like you  but you've got to stop watching Dance Moms.
: We all know a slut named Brittany.....
Thank god my name is spelled differently!
Playing at the Hard Rock Cafe Nashville with my friends Skylar Dayne and the Command Sisters July 8th
true story RT :  CTO/CoFounder  Company already Funded dipshitinvestors?
thatfounderbetterbegood
: Dawg, I saw tonight...had a effing blast!
great seeing you boo
What a hit by Clay Matthews
Spam DMs from 3 followers last night.
Apparently there are horrible rumors going around about me.
Samsung Focus Flash: A Great Phone, An Awesome Price
Great tasting with Erin  JeanLouis Chave.
2009 Hermitage is fantastic as are the parts to 2010.
Now up to Vonnas for a little dinner...
: Interesting news bit on the injectablesilicone news bit.
Seemed awkwardly funny!
Lol.
You guys rock!
Thanks for tuning in!
HEY RUNWAY DIVA SHAY!!!!
:
no any ways who came home
: It's amazing how those people who were your friends,are now just people you know.
LOL love your tweet to your funny!
haha 
Trap game for the C's tonight  home opener against a young team after a tough road win, stay away!
Depends...
are we talking brown paper bag alone  or at a bar just flying solo...
the later is all good, i vote secure
June 15th I believe, but any day is a good day to celebrate Waylon!
need a beat from one day
RT : Walking around in the biggest Nordstrom in the world
Is that Chris Webber doing color for the Celts game?
Whoever it is, they are so far from pro caliber it's ridiculous.
Should not be on air.
we'd love for you to come too, of course.
Hi Olivia!
You're so welcome!
Glad you were part of this.
Getting close to be done with the music video.
Looks great so far!
Not me!
They promote clarity, and CSers love clarity.
RT Very surprised at the prevalence of Oxford commas at
Oh, we don't even get access to Google Docs which is a major handicap.
Nope...
Katie's!
Then the Ferrari Spring Thaw in Reston Town Center!
hey, havent talked in a while, whats up?
Just finished listening to talk about 's StandOut.
I'm sold!
ANOTHER HOUR OF GLEE.
This is awesome
will someone come with me to kidnap austin.......PWEASE.
puppy face
I will when I get them!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 32
Nothing better in SanDiego!
MT Devouring a red velvet cake right now.
Carrot's better but was feeling old school.
Do your pants hang low could they wobble to the floor?
: I don't care if you don't like me IDontWantYou That's right, you tell em!!
I have an arsenal of over 500 hundoctord guns as well as twenty wives back at the compound
I'd bet they trade down before picking Claiborne.
My exact thoughts number one!
RT : Need More Hours In The Day.
TooDamnBusy
have you listened to our music??
This team just had to play behind, doesn't it?
Planning on doctorfting a review essay with the Linux beta of Scrivener.
I hope it lives up to its reputation.
He will make that sound sexy too.
That will be an amazing feat.
and it starts with our guy kevin maurice garnett
What do u think is president chances in 2012 as now ??
Hm thinking
no way hha
Gingered Carrot Leek Vichyssoise is in the crockpot.
Can't wait to see how it turns out in the morning!
Super excites!
The release of 2 more songs is officially Friday October 8th!!!
Get stoked!!
Did you know that Trey Songz Already Taken was worked on at KMA among other songs on the radio!
:
Thank you both so much!
I'll stay in touch.
OH YEAH!!
: If he is too expecting of a physical relationship getridofhim
facebook is getting way too complicated.
I can't believe I'm going to choose twitter because it's simpler.
It used to be the opposite!
Those who critsize our generation, forget they are the ones who raised it...
RIP Junior Seau...damn
what phone u got
SmackDown time to play the Game
Good baron sucks at being good.
Celebrating megans half birthday, since she didn't celebrate her real one
Chocolate Decadence Trifle or Double chocolate chip cookies...
Decisions Decisions.
Maybe i do play hard...
Sounds like a normal day at my house.
We live thousands and thousands of miles away.
I want to see your smile everday.
Lexi misses you, i miss you, Taylor misses you.
Some ppl got some ugly ass kids..but then again im ugly as fuck to
I want to post on the antipattern of posting but am unsure how to start.
Lynne and I did a lot of yard work today.
Now it's Indian food at home.
YES Kim!
Listening to naysayers will stop u from reaching your goals.
Surround y/self with positive  supportive people!
you did amazing tonight!!!
:
text me sometime today when you got time .
wanna catch base with you
RT : Free doctornks world famous raffle  hot short films all going down Fri 7pm Dec 2nd screening series
I hate having to wait for important stuff like that for sports haha
So right!
RT : Widows don't meet deadlines because....
?
I know there's a joke in there somewhere!
help!
I'm just really excited cuz there's not a lot of boy Simpsonizers oh and your bio made me laugh so hard I cried
Totally, totally, been busy!!
Just getting to Atlanta...
let's see how this goes!!
Boy it really is beautiful here!!!
thanks girl love you to!!
what if, at Emory, the president's commissions thought about the SODEXO problem as a problem that impacted women and LGBTQI people?
Come ride wit me...
Took a nap at 5 then woke up at 8.
Stayed up for like 5 minutes to text everyone back  passed out for the rest of the night.
Haha.
Uh?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their childoctorn to come back home.
Bill Cosby
RT : well you need to get you some sleep lol...
Ikr Lol
lol.
Thanks.
The sketches are done and pretty funny.
Lol
ball so hard that shit cray.
She slept like a queen 
I feel confident that one day we will all simultaneously high five.
Then hope no one saw us be THAT nerdy.
Happy Easter Hoyas!
Q4: mobile web forms rarely addoctorss service, usually top funnel
you're beautiful the way it is
Thanks!
ARMA's affordability structural issues have been bothering me for a while so it's good to get it off my chest.
I hate all bugs 
If Buffs are a 12 seed, whatever 5 seed plays us needs to watch out!!!
it's kind of a predictable 1 for me.Malick's the only director to make my top pick for every year he releases a film
I would suggest looking in ATLA, if she has access.
A search for decolonization  america 53 hits
by the way....we totally remember you!
Are weeds only ugly if you're not the one who planted them?
Shifting configurations of physical  virtual occupation as key horizon for reshaping models of political persuasion  effecting change.
52  of Valentine's Day shoppers indicate that the economy will not have any effect on their purchasing decisions for Valentine's Day 2011.
S/o to my best friend playing varsity spring season : love you so much kid!
it is off to Wyoming, Colo., Ks and home, have been reading stories, poems, and stuff, love it, it is fun!
Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo!!!!!
burned 240 calories doing 30 minutes of Running 11min mile with hills
Congratulations to KSTPTV director Dave Hammergren on 35 years at KSTP.
Free cake for everyone.
get a fuckin rebound man.
Also showing students how to find distressed properties in the hidden market, and write up and submit offers.
Who do you love Me or The thought of me?
Woke up with that song playing in my head.
i have been so busy with shcool.so i am back:P
Watching rerun of Charlie Sheen's Comedy Roast  Patrice O'Neal just said 'this should be my last show.' Wonder if he knew he was going ...
Gym last night left me sore af!
Caught you on Comedy Central last night and really enjoyed your set!
Any NY shows coming up?
The Ball and Biscuit will be closed tonight until 8:00 for a private event.
...they should be embarrass...ed it happened under your whatch HARRY...we really need to fire Reid...
Lets be honest, Packers defense made some great plays this season but were horrible otherwise.
I think oomf is a thrab!
I really do lmao she has thrab symptoms
Ah, geez.
New damage in corridor 2.
Who BUILT this ship?
This conference call 
Happy Mother's Day to all my hot momma friends out here.
Have a great day!
It's all about YOU!!!
props to your boys.
Didn't see it, but sounds like a gutty win.
glad he's doing well!
yeah!!
We should meet up.
If not, I could always come down to you!!
So many exclamation points!!
: going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird?
obsessed burger quest?!
I like the sound of that.
Good morning.
Twitter is so good that even the president is going to answer questions that we have sent him today.
I love it :
Just started rippedin30 yesterday.
Excited to see results!
Come join me for a doctornk at busboys and poets on 14th.
I've got an hour to kill before date night.
Soaring 2 crashing that fast..OMG I'm tired of this..
kopitar had 3G 3A for LA.
Or something like that.
Setting up a new github repository.
K love thx
I would watch this.
RT RHOAC Real Housewives of Antonio Cromartie.
Somebody MAKE THIS HAPPEN!
Playing modern warfare 2 !!!
Hell yeah
Oh Carlson so close!!!!!!!
its fun bieng a whore and it feels good
Storytelling is the currency of influence.
Seema Bhende
hi twin !
Breakfast most important meal of the day!
What did you snack on this fine morning, FITzees?
HS girls soccer: Sun Prairie beats Madison Memorial 32
have fun in mtownn
At least it'll b quiet : RT : boyleheights apartment tower to offer city and cemetery views.
I sure am Joe.
Look forward to it.
:
HURRY UP!
Why do people use yolo so much they're all like I'm pregnantYOLO Just tripped on a rockYOLO I'm petting my catYOLO Really stfu!
I'll be in Cleveland for Internationall Beer Fest :
As much as I use a PC, Respect to SteveJobs I admire the man, not Apple.
I think I'm the only person who speaks English in a 3 block radius of my apartment
We need people to buy presale tickets for our show on June 16th at the uptown lounge!
Who wants some?
:
Morning BitchBack!
Is Miley Cyrus Feeling Betrayed by Another Disney Diva?
we've seen that article as well....ouch!
Thanks!
We love our logo too!
Whew!
Just completed FEMA's online class on Nat'l Incident Mgmt System.
Cert says reaffirmed dedication to serve in times of crisis
Wow Females is Ratchet this chick at the bus stop wit the phone on speaker talmbout her Pussy right infornt of her daughter though like WTF!
Witness says former SDPD Arevalos repeatedly felt her body and asked inappropriate questions about her breasts and body.
ilovemymother just the way she is...
3
Is this track looping??
Nah bra this is daft punk
: told u I ain't gone.
Run when yo life gets hard that's what last nigga said and were he at with the next
I love you, everybody can say it but not everybody can mean it
Adam there u r !
would u plz talk 2 me damn it!
That's what I'm talking about!
RT : Avoid the Big Brain Trap; make new habits simple to achieve and master, don't overcomplicate.
Does your neighborhood have a neighborhood watch program?
Do you feel it helps?
what is your email?
I will send an invite
Prob not.
had the gall to say he was in the same athletic class as myself.
RT : hopefully he was nice.
No time between sessions to play angry birds.
Too many great exhibitors and new HR products to see.
Looking for a new big project.
A devotional piece.
Something absurd.
A ridiculous waste of time.
Hopeless.
Huge.
Something anonymous.
There are a good 10 teams that don't scream bandwagon.
Who is your avatar?
Blake Griffin and CP3 are now injured...
Or was it David Stern?

And what a Great bad girl LeeAnne was in the lead role of Isabelle.
Look out world, she's tough  beautiful !
I look at my hands and feel sad 'cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly .
Genuinely disappointed to see that is already halfway through his miracle 100k stakeroll.
Twitter is less fun when hes busto
pladml have you film and posted any of your intro tours
who r u mad at and what r u planning?
That's what I wanna know.
Next up Building on the Job Organizing Networks
fare enforcement jackboots have bulletproof vests, nightsticks and handcuffs.
They're HARD CORE MAN.
Can't wait to watch the American Idol rejects on XFactor!
RT TO SEE THE LATEST BFDTV EPS LOG ONTO YOUTUBE AND KEYWORD SEARCH BLACKFRESHDON HOST /ALL SHOWS EDITED BY LYZEE
thought you just tweeted national tampon vacation....glad i reread it
You gonna start with me tonight?
lol Don't know if you're kidding or not
Keep them ex's out the picture and things will always be clearer
All of the people who are saying that Faried should have won.
He put a smiley face.
He wants my vagina
New day!
But still pretty bummed about SU's loss and how it went down.
Can't remember the last time I was this upset over an Orange loss.
IS the Left always this trashy  I will not mince words on this one...
Bristol Palin can go f!
herself
Be sure to check out Augustana's Twitter feed  and log your hours for the free volunteer concert at www.10KHoursShow.com
im a freshman

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO DA REALEST NIGGA I KNOW MySelf
Glad to hear that.
Those challenges  obstacles aren't meant to stop you.
You're strong.
You'll get there.
:
When people are rude to you for no reason.
Practicing my golf game to whoop and ass in a month
LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces he makes my heart race.
Then again I want chocolate....
Maybe both  orignial yogurt with some chocolate bits...
Yeah, im hungry lol
That IS exciting!
Never seen him.
I'm jealous.
If I'm in a committed relationship with a guy who already has kids, am I entitled 2 a Fday gift?
Or do stepdads/dadlites not get anything?
lololol everyone on my timeline is bashing BOTDF.
Please, carry on.
Hey!
Anyone out there?
We like to promote local music come to our restaurant and post on our community board to promote your band or event
Every god damn time.
Why the hell are you so much better than me?
Because you are getting your bachelors?
Because you're 35?
Fuck you.
Think outside the fold
We want our elephant back!
RT : War has been waged between Us and Ignacio Tomorrow will be messy.
Today I went to the zoo  took a walk afterward.
I put that into SparkPeople and it turns out I got nearly a week's worth of exercise today.
justin bieber somebody to love.
Thanks to everyone who made 100 Years of Women a success!
Couldn't make it?
You can still make a donation that will be MATCHED!
Tune in this weekend and see Christy and Ignatiy discuss the state of 3D films today in a special show we're calling To 3D or not to 3D!
Engage viewers in television news brand by utilizing internet to cover stories that don't nec attract broad audience
oh def.
Scooter it up!
Your So much more free on the scooter!
I understand its not a representation of all fans but the video and pictures are absolutely deplorable.
I'm voting for MelanieAmaro XFactor She's beyond amazing!!!!
Really!What did you do?
I am curious that it is a great cause.:
Writing a job ad  debating between wanting someone who can encourage creativity or nurture curiosity.
Both important!
RT For the record, Tim Tebow doesn't live in Hoboken.
I've never even been to Hoboken!
Back in the kitchen wit her no cookin self lol ain't she !
Would that be sashimi for the cat or ...
yep boneless wings are like 40 cents.
Thanks Misty.
Glad you love the bag.
With all this feedback from the community.
I think my decision is made!
WrestleMania  Love it!!!
21st Century Greatest Show on Earth and Vince is the new P.T.
Barnum.
Jackson does nono complete with finger wag RT Buttercup has learned correct usage and pronunciation of No.
Yay!
tired i woke up at 6 lol and went to bed at like 1 so ya im veeeeerrrry tired lol!!!
being in this room for the whole day 
That moment when you already said Awkward in your head before you read it.
I'm on twitter that is all
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist rock bottom
Making a cool announcement tomorrow night.
Lets say 7pm.
Be here.
I'm a packers fan in England and I agree, it's like saying fuck all our loyal fans for a one off money spinner in london!
so david beckham isn't in seattle tonight cause he has to rest?
he mustve been doing something else besides playing soccer
: aw.
Looks perfect.
thank you!
Amen, Sister.
And StlCards the day before that.
Glorious time of year.
RT : Tigers yesterday, Rays today.
I heart baseball
I'm a rookie so I buy the pancake powder.
It's more about technique than the recipe, imo.
Kind of like baking.
Don't overmix.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I wish my gut didn't bounce when I tried to pop to dubstep and the fact that I'm white doesn't help either
Thunder is gonna smash the Flakers!!!
did u walk yet
Shining Night We will have our world premiere Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
information tickets at the Soho International Film Festival website.
Daniel did you go?
Hi Dell.
It seems I am not allowed to DM you unless you are following me :
I am tweeting more and using the Trending thing  as well as posting tweets that match up with what is trending right now.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Billie Jean King
Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious 3
If you're not going away this spring break , your beat.
BAHAMAS 3
RT : Congratulations to Barbara Greenburg of Louisville for winning the car raffle!!!
Tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts
Wikipedia is just fine for research for K12 papers.
It's much better than Encyclopedia Britannica, which is what I used in school
thanks for the RT!
Hope things are coming together for the expo, can't wait!
I tell my job this all the time RT : Track is my first priority sorrynotsorry
haha.
I sang that for a Gender Bender song day in Master Class..
That is such a fun song!!!
I bet you sound great!
My quest to break the 3000 followers mark is going in the wrong direction.
They're doctorpping like flies, I tell ya!
Heading to Boston today looking forward to the Facebook innovations sure to come out of f8 later this week
yeah buddy getting a grade for working out?
I'll take it!!
AH PRETTY LITTLE LIARS AKEBRNGO;EBJG JUNE 5!!
AH I WANT IT TO BE JUNE 5 ALREADY!!
Per police scanner  pushing, shoving, death threats in line at Boulder Best Buy.
I have no options left.
it's time for plan Z.
I'm gonna ask my mom..
Confront issues and challenges  not each Other.
Suzanne Mayo Frindt
My baby is the only 2 y/o awake in Texas GoToSleep BadAssKids lol
I need to start going to the gym!
This is getting ridiculous!
10 days until Opening Day.
8 minutes to Miller Park.
8 a.m.
tailgate on our patio begins.
5 breakfast specials.
2 PBRs, Bloody, cocktails.
Thanks for taking time to follow Hope you find my posts helpful
7 AM, put together thegameoflife and needed to read the directions three times, should not be so realistic
Applying right now!
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
well the South was always supposed to be the new landowningbased aristocracy  kept many of those traits from across the pond
same here!
Horses ARE my life!
I have a buckskin mare called Luna:
thanks for tweeting the preconcert talk and so glad you had a good time at the show tonight!
we're training the next generation of online organizers
mhgmmm Gurl!
yo do you know when pretty lil liars comes back?
This week is not going as planned...and that is definitely NOT a bad thing.
watching Godfather, went to bed then woke up at 3AM
damn auto correct!
Yeah I think Kentucky might win it all.
They are the team to beat.
only 10 more days of school then SUMMER TIME IS HERE!
Will be updating the online store this weekend to feature a few new products
who would wanna call u lol
The SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
waste issue is now at the printer....
Just spent the last 3 hours listening to classical music.
In my car.
Thanks composers.
Now the anticipation begins for LOST.
Secret Revealed...The Furman Football Staff Names QB Chris Forcier Starter Today vs Colgate at 2:00 PM Eastern Time.
Go Paladins!
You need to check out a more unheard of diaper dandy in Hassan Whiteside for Marshall when you get the chance.
...and now I can't get the Mary J.
fried chicken song out of my head.
About to play Lift Every Voice  Sing on repeat.
Corbin still calls me it, and I try to hit him but he hits back...which hurts.
But it's old news, got old ;
: : ikryup!!!
Have a better day
we need to hop on a track together me on vocals you rhymes LAST KINGS KILLING ISH
RT : This is the 1st generation of entrepreneurs w/ text books written for them, not for MBAs growing big businesses Steve Blank
Funny how you always have to start with the bottom line.
Wait, am I watching last weeks game on my TiVo.
Lady on Bart talking to boyfriend on phone  you cheated on me so yes I did screw those 2 guys as payback
follow my personal please?
;
Thanks for the info!
We'll pass it along to our fleet team.
Laurence, congrats on Cherry Hill!
My Dad also sends his best!
They'll be over to see you : KellyAnne
I weighed in and lost 1 lb.
RT awesome meeting w on LOCKSS memento all things are ago!
stay turned for event announce at stanford!
Once school's over......PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, GLEE, AND BIG BANG.
by like masts fire house dumbshit.
3
Care to visit at 1785 Mass Ave NW?
We have many BJ devotees on staff who adore samples.
:
Thank you!
I appreciate you reposting and your kind comment!
I'll see ya next weekend!
Woo!
Buehrle Come on!!!!
I have the best friends ever.
Well done, me!
Thanks!!
It keeps me busy...
:
Feel better; ughh.
the guys need to throw in Let It Whip by Dazz Band!
Im watching good luck Charlie the episode when Teddy breaks up with derek, right?
Lol.
Someone tried to steal our tip jar!
Thanks to the good Samaritan that stopped him!
They say love is a magical thing full of happiness.
But it can also Hurt You
Flyers talk about Game 4 loss
Walked through the ATM and the guy in the car behind me joked I had a flat tire and I laughed, but it wasn't funny.
Dallas always coming from behind.
Heat always about to blow it.
Ooh I like that!
Thank you to our afternoon presenters: doctor Vinny Veenod Chulani of Arnold Palmer Hospital for Childoctorn!
If he can develop a motor  Purdue, watch out.
FF Friday morning shout out to  Keeping it classy while being sassy.
you are not a minor.
I got your pictures for proof!
If you thought our show was good last night, we really outdid ourselves tonight.
Such a blast!
Can't wait to play for everyone soon!
Happy Tuesday morning!
I hope you have a great day!
Very good Corned Beef and Cabbage plate at Moher Public House in Chicago.
5310 W Devon Avenue.
Thanks, Sue!
We'd love to chat about ways we can help!
Are you free to talk soon?
May the 4th be with you!
whats on the agenda:Socially Responsible Investing
If i were Zimmerman, I'd walk away.
Then again, if he'd done that the first time, he wouldn't have to now
We have a show tomorrow night at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th.
Come out and enjoy yourself!
Stats at 9pm.
Five For Friday is Back!
The first five people to retweet, repost or refer will receive free access to our Beta.
Only a few spaces remain!
Today in LIS 520: Finding out what users want.
Neutral questioning, query types, RUSA guidelines, looking friendly,  dealing w/ racists
Gone by nsync
I swear we didn't put it there.
Must just be a solid fan.
:
So much catching up to do
Spring is coming, just another 3 months away
I love AustinRestaurantWeek :
no one cares.
even though you're sitting across from me i still don't care.
lol RT: : I got a new catch phrase:D
Good habits are formed; bad habits we fall into
Be ready to change expectations when students come with surprising knowledge or lack thereof.
How will today's Obama campaign kickoff rally differ from the official taxpayerpaid White House events?
Balloons?
If I leave now, I can make it to stroudsbourg for the signing yay
I know..haha:p
Yea, watt u still doin up?
Interesting.
I'd love to talk more w/you sometime about that, whether here or elsewhere.
Omg Lil Chop Chop is comein back I havnt see that niqqa in years
Not sure why but thinks can beat ME in the 40yd dash.
Hey what are your thoughts?
Was looking forward to buying some tickets, but if they trade Gerald I won't be getting any after all ...
are you guys back to podcasting the show on iTunes?
new on repeat.
can't stop, won't stop
Teaching the 15monthold how to stand on a skateboard.
thrill
In support of Bike Month, I'm riding home today  this means I have to ride back tomorrow.
First ride in about 2 years.
Happy Friday!
It's DIAMOND DAY here!
Which is always my favorite day, obviously.
New Orleans bound to watch my take on the hokies.
I'm almost as excited to try my first po'boy!
I WANT TO STAB MY SELF IN THE FOREHEAD WITH A KABOB SKEWER AND LOBOTOMIZE MYSELF!
THIS PAIN HURTS SO MUCH!
The first part didn't send.
They all group hugged me.
Another boring night in Tally.
where u going to party at tonight.
Think im going to hit up for there industry party tonight then
True story!!
RT : Life is good.
Music makes it better.
Dancing with friends makes it the best.
Good news!
Our ship will be skirting around Irene by at least 600 miles.
captainin has other adjustments he can make as well.
BRING EM TO LOS ANGELES INSTEAD!!
WE ALL ROCK PURPLE AND GOLD ALREADY!!!
i spend usually an hr or something on twitter.
being a complete dumbass xD
Happy mothers day to all the mothers  especially the ones thts playing 2roles in the kids life
so I take it a Good Friday fast wasn't in the cards
I find it hard to trust a man named Rico Fishman.
Why do you have two first names?
Thanks for attending!
It's a wild night...
RT : Loving a night with Groucho
Arrived in Dublin.
Next stop Glasgow and
RT : Dont miss Only Natural Pet Stores March Madness Sales!
Save BIG MONEY in every area of the store!...
Yea it's hot out here today.
3WordsForYou i got food ;
ill advised: recklessly catching a late spring cold and talking so much you lose your voice.
Sean Hannity goes inside controversy over the new health care mandate requires religious institutions to provide contraceptives 2 employees.
RT : First Q: What do audiences really want from museums via social media?
Reply w/
You bet!!
Thanks for always having the kids at heart at Tennyson Center.
: How do I acquire a copy of this cd that I see everyone talkin about?
I'd appreciate an autographed copy are you worthy?
Headed out to Leon Springs for my ALL REQUEST show  FRALO'S ART of PIZZA.
Tonight, 610 pm!
their gettin nakey in an old abandoned house.
I'm good bro
A relationship becomes easier when u realize that u don't have 2 b the 1 at fault 2 b the 1 who's sorry.
R.
Braul
Yea I Love it to.
Wait there is another GOP debate now?
What was that last night?
A preview?
This is getting old.
if the river was whiskey and I was a dove, i'd swim to the bottom and never come up.
New word for 2012 CK Cultural Dictionary?
:
Up now is The Moodies from Manchester NH these guys are groovy!!
Come get pierced by our guest piercer Ricky!
well I'm stuck studying for my exam:
You know you've been staring at the screen too long when you begin to question whether or not a website is 3D...without the glasses.
Why do Asians do the peace sign in all pictures?
Natural Gas Rallies but ETN Sees Weekly Loss
GOAL!
Galaxy up over the Sounders 10 in the MLS playoffs.
TY 4 the RT.
Hopefully Renee's pain will give other women strength.
I could tell u some stories Musician's Wives LOL!
:0
throwbacksongs the entire black album.
3 oh, chicken n' beer too.
;
i tweet my feet
I know its early but HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I can't believe you're turning 14 already, where did the time go?
Don't want RT Presidential Candidate Rick Santorum Visits Lambeau Field:
Its amazing how the same person that makes you so happy can also be the same person to make you so pissed off.
bro what happened?
u ever been??
I may have made an XFiles reference in the Maddow meeting today...my 2 geek worlds collided.
I would call this trip a success ;
Congrats to all 40 under 40 winners especially Lyle Landowski and Jerad Protasky who are both members of NAIOP!
OMG, just reached over 1,500 plays on my itunes.
Amazing.
is circling the wagons!
Catching the RoseParade on RFDTV.
Kinect for XBox has a pretty incredible float, You Are the Controller
Putting the dog down today.
Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose.
The Denver Nuggets will play against the San Antonio Spurs tonight at 9:30 p.m.
ET.
Go, Nuggets!
oh then fuck u
I think I hurt some feelings, and I did not mean to do that...That's not me, despite my snarkiness...
Hey Patty!
Nice to see you here!
UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed is a meaningless trend topic.
God created everyone to be beautiful in their own way
Verona beats Middleton in girls soccer 21 in OT
I finished the first season of Lost.
Oh.
My.
Shiz.
338: Mom's pot roast for Sunday night dinner?
Now there is something to be thankful for.
Delicious!
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: bermuda cars.
Hint: You can't rent them.
Try a moped and doctorve on the left!
Nice shot.
I'll try to use for 10pm.
Thanks.
The Graveyard Book Finds a Home at Disney
I hate bandwagon talk.
every team has bandwagon fans, who the hell cares?
get off your high horse and care about something more important.
WHA???
FUUUUU RT : I took a trip to the year 3000, not much has a changed but they don't have ice cream :
I am seeing all the Tweets and FB posts from every one aboard the Disney Fantasy preview.
Boy am I jealous!
Have a great time :
yum yum tommy love to be there with you
I think I need to just buck up  face the fact that I am very likely catching a head cold
Get Ready To Kickstart Project Hexapod  Wired News
Make it happen!
Dinner at the house with the fam
you not being able to spell
wow!
Nice thought and rime!!!
Wynter, Milwaukee's official groundhog, did not see her shadow today.
Let's hope for some warmer weather!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
The new store is opening in Alpharetta on Thursday.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker
/ thanks for the follow!
What's your favorite SS song?
Love your place.
You pair beers w/your food?
I offer services that will elevate you beer program to match that of your food.
its cgbb and the word will be announced june 15.
And dont worry its nothing bad if u were wondering
What does Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow mean?
10 more days until Abraham Lincoln's birthday!
groundhogday ZK
Just let me have a taste.
Love take me down...
to the streets
Not a bad idea..
I should try that.
Melatonin usually does the trick for me but I'm too tired to even look for it in the cabinet.
What's one item you can't throw out?
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Just came from orchards..
Now watching the Game SA VS.
LA
.
Unlikely for photobook today to have same impact as Americans.
1 Was published in postFSA, postFamily of Man era...
Thanks, just feel dumb.
Thought it wouldn't autopick if my list was gone, lol.
I was wrong
Shaad boutta hook up my nephews with the fresh cuts
Stepping in pee at the mbta station is good luck, right?
Like a bird pooping on your shoulder?
over by N.
Capitol St?
I hate it when websites ask, Are you human?
Well, no, I'm obviously a Alien !!
Hope the LTDArmy had a great weekend!
Can't wait to see you all out at the Smiling Moose on Saturday, March 24th!
I would just like to point out that at least I can find my own way home when I'm doctornk...
Am I right ?!?
listening to
And He's not asking me to change in my joy for martyrdom He's asking to take my place Sara Groves
Took over our youth choir rehearsal for Edie today.
What a joy to see and hear their enthusiasm
sure why not
We really need to get over this love affair with the fetus and start worrying about childoctorn  Joycelyn Elders
Trainer Doug O'Neill promised his kids a hot tub if I'll Have Another won the Derby Now I have to work out or I'll look weird in my trunks
is in a joyous mood...
Just had an awesome 4 mile run...
Thanks to all my vegan friends, without you I wouldn't have a larger beef and pork and chicken supply
We've gotten some great feedback from our guest post from at www.inlinewaiting.com what do you think?
ThingsThatILoveInLife is mi mother mi god parents god mi friends nd mi cell fonee
Can we call it nap time?
Or rather lets call it a day?
Were you both doctornking?
RT : Don't forget!!
today at 1030a!!!
Watch me verbally abuse !!!
W.doctorosie.Com, check out CDs, Romance  Finance in Adult Relationships  Teenage rRelationships
we are now on Tumblr!
OfficialWeAreSuperheroes.Tumblr.com  still figuring it out!
Follow us!!
very much so!
I get SO wrapped up into that show!
RT : Rep.
Joe Hubbard: We've got to get back to fiscal sanity.
Both democrats and republicans are responsible.
When you need someone to comfort you, a friend is near
The feeling you get when he says he likes you 3 lol.
GWU somebody just won a Wii.
Why are you not here yet?
yes sirree bob.
Want to come to a party this evening?
The JAM!!
Use location technology for your business's total success.
I want to quote 's most beautiful line from his yearend entry at , but it's 23 characters too many beautiful.
I love my family!!
You shouldn't give up.
Fight for yourself and who you are.
You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
3
Math is so fucking stupid xD
NO!
BAD ROYALS!
STOP THAT
RT : How To Talk To Kids: Wonderful Tips To Discussing Sen......
The muffin scene is one of the great heights of comedy.
The degrees of imagination, play and seriousness are all shocking.
Geez, Coach Spoelstra has called a timeout after every single Bulls bucket in OT.
Let the Heat play, theyre not middle schoolers.
Lol...
I'm doctorving on highway 69 :p
RT : Thats one thing I would def have no problem investing money on n over indulging is a doctoram house!
Tell the truth.
Sing with passion.
Work with laughter.
Love with heart.
'Cause that's all that matters in the end.Kristofferson
Also the PC Gamer Digital Magazine Beta falls in to a common trap: Why isn't this just on a website somewhere?
Why a specialized app?.
Learn How and Why Balloons Fly at the Balloon Museum before attending this year's balloon fiesta event, you'll be an expert!
Hey, you cute little mouse!
Thanks!
RT : is only 2 weeks awayAre you ready to get crafty?
omg yes!
I do now!!
ThingsMyChildhoodConsistedOf awkwardness, the wonder years, and a never ending crush on ginger from Gilligan's island.
I'm not gonna tell you to follow me but i will tell you that you should wear you glasses more 'cause i love them.BeNERDY :D
We were duped!
We thought it was our neighbor's girl cat.
Then my sister noticed...um...balls.
An imposter!
Thanks for the follow!
We have in common: love YA lit and love animals.
My husband's the musician!
loll, I have this theory that if the parents do it real hard the baby comes out cute.If they don't, quepena the bbys ugly
I am finally ready for some football
How u feeling?
You have your diva behavior back or still recovering?
working on my blog post for you!
where in SA ?
I'm looking forward to my 1st trip there this summer!
Would love to hear about your trip
lmao hell yea!!!
My hair hasnt been this long in 4 years
Pointers for good texts on ontologies?
is it Adele??:
Thanks for theFF's Have a fabulous week :
RT : Packers DL Anthony Hargrove will miss Bears game in Week 2 after being suspended 8 games for role in Saints bounty program
Any good man would want the teachings and blessings of God on his household and family
Don't think about your last 2 dollars.
Give it freely.
God's Eye is on the sparrow.
How dare you for any moment of doubt.
that's just about a Done Deal!
Let me check the Schedule
Bout to take my big sis and baby nephew to hibachi.
Im STARVING!!!
You want it we do it.
Let us be your handyman while we paint your place too.
We'll roll you over with our sevice and quality.
RT : What is the worst film to win the Best Picture Oscar in Academy Award history?
1929 to 2012?
I've missed fall time on the east coast :
probably Jalen Jenkins and he can definitely play
Dear internet writers, please stop saying click here.
man I just feeling better we had a ball much love
happy mothers day momma:

Have you used FB ads for your institution?
Bill Pucko accepts the Director of Communications position with the Rochester Razor Sharks!
Anyone saw the stage show Wicked?
It was Wicked!
congrats to all the 30 Day Yoga Challenge participants...today is your last day.
YAY  YOU DID IT!
how do you all feel?
Shout out to Let's Get Weird Wednesdays.
I want to leave!
we need to but tickets once they get the date up !
FRONT ROW !
Haha :
now they're going to be named after Hamilton.
I was unaware!
Signed up for Sat From Research to Analysis CE class can't wait for
Never mind, I don't care !!
We have another new baby in the family: Stevie has arrived in all his cuteness.
This makes my mom a greatgreat grandmother!
's true but however film doesn't lie.
WGTTH will be on the Dylan Ratigan Show this Thursday.
It will be live from a large job fair in Dallas, TX.
: Working on our weekend list  the theme for this weekend is food  lots of good food.
count us in!
Another stimulus is not politically viable.
The media can't change the makeup of the House.
For some reason I decided that I and I alone could stop our tubes on the river..
My knees look like I've worked hard for the money Ouch
Awesome dinner at topped off by a tour of the kitchen and possible stage and snacks at Damn good night
We were just going over very basic logistics with friends today.
No matter what, it's gonna be a nightmare
More like Halloween.
so how about that ep?
Any ideas on a release date yet?
Sales professorssionals can stand to learn alot from pro baseball players...
162 games in 180 days
good morning how your day
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
it was really good right?
Hats off to the Heat.
They put on a GREAT show at
I may be missing something, but I'm really baffled as to why we're supposed to care about Secret Service members using prostitutes.
Holy Crap I miss the 90s.The best hiphop and RandB since the 70s!
You set yourself up to the sold and that's ok cause that's your role Manipulation takes its toll What will you do when nobody wants you?
what is your number  ooyf will text you...
Are there Legal Observers and/or NLG to prevent illegal searches?
Oh boy!
a non union commercial audition  6 pm that's a 1 hour doctorve RT  burn mad gas during traffic AND it's a 100 Buyout?
Fuck off!
Ugh
its deleted
I'm good.
Working on this tour.
love you baby : i'm fine but my mom wouldn't take me over there by taco bell.
She took me to Arbys :/
Word!!
RT : The fastest way to my heart is helpin me get some money......
Ain't nothin like a Bonnie
I'm following you Jen...
Stalking you in cyberspace
Do you find yourself doctoroling over our posts?
We do ship until Dec 20 in time for Christmas.
: I NEVER PULL OUT....
Without using my mirrors.
NSPCC East Midlands Child's Voice Appeal just received 5k donation following Lincolnshire launch.
well done
I'm trying to pull my weight here!
Being fed margaritas at Toloache.
That should provide some great material!
i walk about 157 , im starting my cut slowly
RT : Bye bye Denver and astd2012.
Wish we had more time to talk!
Wisconsin Cyberinfrastructure Day  Great presentation by Kevin Eliceiri in progress.
Live feed here: bit.ly/dvVHp5
Boxer puppies are on the way today!
Yea, O Lord King, grant me to see my own failings and not condemn my brother, for blessed art Thou unto the ages of ages.
Amen.
The Education Secretary Michael Gove has suggested a proposed new Catholic school in Twickenham should limit its..
Simply Lemonade w/ Mango 
Check out all of the little cuties in their Halloween costumes at NYMetroParents and vote for your favorite!
Happy Mother's Day to All Mom's!!!!
John Calipari is currently in Pittsburgh watching Andoctorw and Aaron Harrison in the Hoop Group Jam Fest.
And steampunk is badass, of course.
Im a fan.
Did anybody notice the 2 candaces in the background of phineas and ferb the musical when her mom said she had frozens......
haha
Scandal  It's what's for dinner!
I was really hoping Ken would win a million.
would like to thank our sponsors MLK Library, www.boalt.com, Patrick, www.evengrounds.com,  Leslie Bobbitt.
thanks for the mention!
So crazy that when my little girl plays with her dolls they're all speaking Swedish to each other
Dude!!!
I tried!!
But fudge that she said there's no way I can fix this x
20thingsaboutme I dont remember the color of my exboyfriends eyes, and we dated for three months.
I didnt care.
At clackamas.
Police caught friends and I.
Staying in the police room.
bill bryson's at home: a short history of private life is fascinating.
I had no idea corn is completely dependent on humans.
Dam I smell good
Seriously fuck off.
Done with this shit.
don't even need an appointment!
I don't wanna rush things.
R.I.P Adam Yauch We will always fight for our right to party!
buckeyenation wants in the scarlet and gray.
Big decision to make.
A lot of good things are going to happen in the bus.
You know what Idc if I'm not the slimmest or the prettiest I'm ME and if a guy doesn't want that than you lost something good !
i don't necessarily hate QR codes, but they're not the solution for everything.
depends on how they're used/talked about.
I wanna buy some red pants.
Ya I have goals.
just got back from shopping
Academic workflow: catalogs my articles, doctorpbox, iPad, iannotate help me take notes, puts it all together!
It is too pretty of a day to be inside!
fucking pissed beyond fucking belief i want to be left the fuck alone dont talk to me dont text dont call
Got to love the flyers!
capsbruins the Flyers and Penns show up at the Verizon Center
Magic City Theme Song
.
Went to session , really cool but I think Subaru did a better job than Avis with that execution
Yum!
RT : : What can you do with leftover fresh cranberries.
Cook in sugar syrup  Save for Nantucket Kirs.
!!
Yes, just as you can identify a tree by its fruit, so you can identify people by their actions.
Matthew 7:20
Okay, I'm done.
I'm out of this debate.
Watching Mitt and Newt go at it early on was best part, and what will be the headline.
Close achievement gap  wellness gap too.
How will WH fund schoolbased health centers in the next budget?
Blow that whistle in yo face Bitch...
Lauryn Hill blasting.
Goodnight.
its also not obvious who its bout lol
: See.
good here.RT : Limbaugh in statement: I sincerely apologize to Ms.
Fluke for the insulting word choices.
We are suppose to believe a Man w/a loaded gun screamed for help then shot an unarmed teen dead trayvon screamed
yall got a whole summer...
no excuses haha.
Hanging out at my favorite library and working on my syllabus for summer.
who plays tomorrow inside da gates
MY BROTHER WENT THERE YESTERDAY
: let's do a southernthing and build a bonfire.
Then doctorve your truck right into the middle of it!
true story here..
I'm wake up around 5.
I wish I get to pass out around 9 and not get distracted by thebigbangtheory or familyguy reruns on TBS!
lol
2 Margarita's tonight!
aww thanks Evan!
I'd love to come to Nashville.
We were in Memphis in January, love TN.
Big move is in a week, have we started packing?
Nope.
WOW!!!
: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Wow!
Congrats!
What does the trophy look like?
A golden hot dog, I hope.
skycam fell in the OU v.
IOWA game
Sundays are great and all..church, family..all that jazz..but one of my favorite parts is the fried chicken for lunch.
12 o clock hurry up!!
Guys that smell good 
Thank you for the follow we hope you have a great monday!
Women smoke more weed than dudes these days!!
Lady pot junkies
sign me up
Ayers: Have to build DH that connects with core methods of trad scholarship.
That's how you get tenure.
ANVIL will help.
From 106 emails to 8.
I'd say it's been a productive week thus far.
yeah I mean I think he's good, but I don't think Cleveland necessarily needed him
YouKnowItsRealWhen your at work bout ta quit already  that bitch ass manager come over poppin shit...
The exhibit looked great!
Really proud of you!
how sweet.
Lol.
:D
: Words with friends????it cool ,but try doctorw Something you will laugh your socks off
I just did an oral history with Meyer Schapiro's daughter...lots of great info.
Like, Breton lived across their street in NYC for a bit !
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so
Upside abt coming home: I can finally watch last week's ep of The Vampire Diaries.
Downside: it's the last new ep til 2012.
Blargh.
looks so yummy I wish there was an INNOut here in Central Florida!
:
is trying to find her motivation...
Brooks Conrad actually got on base!
Laugh now cry later
Everyone is getting down on Fridays, But I'm hatting on Fridays ;D
Ok, soo if you see a tweet from me that says some crap about weightloss and diet and stuff, I was hacked, sorry.
RT : Did you know 30 of home water usage is allocated to toilet flushing?
Addtl footage still needed for blanks during privacy app searching scenes.
2nd Unit on top of it with planned shooting over the wkend.
Bout to head to to for DADA LIFE!!
COME RAGE CAGE!
Football should be the only thing watched on Sundays!
What's going on here?
Audience asks.
Why do people spill their guts ?
Honoring people, power of the booth, part of history.
gave me an amazing peep talk at the press conference today, and even complimented my name chain thank u so much!
My mind isn't ready for this trip.
Also I bruised the arch of my foot trying to clean a light fixture.
scored 3 in bottom of the 9th to tie then won in 10!
You?
Don't hate the creator!
RT : ...They say losing builds creator!
Who the heck wants creator.
Let's win some games in Detroit!
With 10 additional investigators, Nuch says he could save the city of LA 150 M next year in workers comp cases.
hi3 I haven't talked to you in to long!
Combing through FY12 program evals for member suggestions to develop even better FY13 programs.
If you cld write a basic article on community policing in any of the MidEast countries, doctorp a line.
Quick publication.
So excited for in his WORLD PREMIER in TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
Wanna doctorve someone in your life crazy?
Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
Hope you can make it to Reynolda House Monday!
doctorp in from 111 to See Yesterday...Today
Good Luck Today , , , Bring home the series
just did:
aw you'll get more followers!!!
And there is still no videos up on my youtube.
Not until this weekend, hahaha.
It was well worth the wait smokin hotties!!!!!!!!!!
where's your tebowner?!
when writing a book for the 1st time you learn a lot.
and i look forward to adapting what I've learned to the short story and book 2 Goliath
mostannoyingthingever having to listen to trying to dislodge a popcorn kernel out of his throat
Thank you for the mention!
What!
Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Getting final touchs done on the new booth for astd2011 astd come visit at 551 if you'll be there
good morning : have a lovely day
oh, you are.
I went back and read your tweets.
NRRMINE GURL.
I didn't think it would, but I'm kinda glad it did .
I Agree..
lol and the lime one yum!!
Will you pretty please visit Louisville this year?: I love you!
: Come on Browns, Chase Minnfield is sitting there!
So is Jordan White........need another WR......1 is not enuff.
Gta san Andoctoras has to be the best play station game ever
What part dont you get when i say i dont giva fuck about you dude.
what u GAY...
well stop asking like you wear tampons bitch:
Must get all of my school work done by Friday so I can celebrate Derby Day and Cinqo de doctornko!
Let me finish this tweet the nwest way to get out o paying the tab.
Hahahah
...in which none of us wins Well, maybe neither you nor Victor won, but the rest of us won the blogreaders' lottery!
Spending my Friday night on my bed crying.
Oh joy!
What a blast I'm having!
last night felt like we should've been watching trueblood.
But where's ?
Wisconsin Governors Business Plan Contest Open for 2012 Entries Through Jan.
31, 2012 via
It's not the style of play boyzz, its the fact that they are overseeded and will get bumped in both tourneys!!!!
private instructor?
sweet!!
My mom's phone now cut off.
Will someone call me immediately.
Susan I've DM you my number.I've been patient.
nicola who??
You're basically telling me wait 3 years and the Bulls will be a contender!
Lol
Omg cnt wait for Sunday or jersey shore!!!
June is hoping that Shawn figures out the root access on his G1 so we can have multitouch, flash, etc...
When People Tell You To Call Them...
Umm, Bitch You Have Hands And A Phone, You Call Me.
Yeah...this whole being away from for six weeks is not gunna work out for me.
I'm already going through withdoctorwal
of course:
oh, just kidding.
the brakes on the other car are shitty so I can't take it staying in my house all day then..
I was off lol I have to come n tonight tho
Another sleepless night.
Touch RT : I love people who talk a big game about socialbusiness yet use email like it's only form of communication
what hotel is that?
Some of these mets fans are so wierd
God has a reason for all of us and the energy he gives us to share and show!
Use it wisely Marcus!
oh you do, you do.
Yum, Mexican food!!
haha!
Let's hope it'd be that funny!
:
Damn what did i get myself into
Agreed Friday's the best!
I wish everyone a great evening!
I will do my best to enjoy me.
I can't wait to hug my hubby and spend time with my babies!
I totally just got the wrong person late night booty text from a guy I broke it off with on Monday.
Hahaha, good try though
maybe something we should talk about at that SDDE board meeting?
I know some Blue Dogs who would be down.
wanted to tell you, I had skin cancer in exact same spot.
aww i'm sorry!
only one more week!
3
making sure Joe Preston is still alive.
Cabo isn't for everyone...
No real thoughts on the dbacks tonight.
Cain's good.
no school tomorrow 3
Are peanut MMs considered breakfast food?
Spuds n Suds  the Wave in Sharon Wed.
March 24th from 69pm.
Baked potato bar,home brews.Support the WaveDemocrat Women of Mercer County!
Bring on the
Soo, we're going to Atlanta???????!!
To see Christian?
:
Thanks!
I want one so bad :
I got a cryptic handwritten note saying that I won  should report to booth 1:A18 or something.
When I asked, was told there was no booth
Looking forward to opening day go Redsox !!
Just arrived to the A Night To Remember event hosted by Tyson Beckford...
Sponsored by Bentley Motors
where u
What's the debate?
Law students tend to be a very snarky bunch.
MOTHER OF GOD, I JUST GOT 200 FOLLOWERS FOR FOLLOWING
The veggie sushi tray was a huge hit!
It was gone quickly  everyone loved the pickled plum.
Thanks!
Sorry for the negativity last night.
I was very impulsive and frustrated.
I am fine now and have sorted things out for now.
Good morning :
RT : I find that I sent wolves not shepherds to govern Ireland, for they have left me nothing but ashes and carcasses to...

BEST SEX PARTNERS :Aquarius,Virgos, Taurus,Pisces,Aries,Gemini,Cancer,Libras, Scorpios    Rt If You One Of Them
haha.
That was the roller rink boys only song when I was kid.
Do it Brennan.
It would make my day.
Like cataloging.
: MT : Infrastructure is working best when you don't notice it..
Just met !
last night I doctoramed atheist medlibs were singing in a gospel choir.
Pretty sure I've lost it.
RT: : HELP ME POST MY 1ST SOLO TRACK!!!
It will be posted the moment CraigOwensEpSept15th reaches a spot in trending topics
Well hello new follower friend!
I see you are friends with You must be rad.
:
I just downloaded Scrivener.
Anybody got some tips they want to share?
After a long day of tasting wines and having an awesome lunch, I'm home.
Now back to doctornking more wine!
People gave me mostly alcohol this year.
Hmm, I just don't know why?!?
;
That awkward moment when you tell somebody they look beautiful and then you realize you just complimented a mirror
I'm sure you could find something at the dollar store also for Pi gifts
aw ya welcome and nice to meet yhu xx
Enjoying a BLENDY cup with my son after a great day together at Lake Eola.
Developer challenges involve challenges, codeathons, community building, and commercialization.
Off to the gym 4 days till my calendar shoot.
Happiness is a choice.
Choose happy.
Watching the
I need a friend in the south burbs...
I feel like I'm on an island right now...
Smh
everytime i go to tweet , i wanna put mamamahone instead.
lol.
3
I will be following everyone back as soon as twitter lets me.
This ratio of follwers to how many I'm following is STUPID!
In all seriousness though I am only and I mean only happy for Darius miller because he was at UK for the real reasons
poor child, lol
Well done all those who ran the Lincoln 10k.
Please!
Make this twitter know, i talk about famous persons, his/her style personality, love...
RT this RT RT ;
I will be attending the first meeting for the Mechanical  Fuel Gas Code this Thursday at 9:00am 501 N.
Post rd.
FYI
oh just enjoyin this beautiful day and you
Had a student who doesn't engage get excited about a project today!
Finally!
Hopefully we can keep up the energy for the duration.
ha ha he's pretty painful to watch.
He tossed Karina at start of dance and expected him to doctorp her.
Scary he he.
not tired :
haha I'm sneaky like that!
I know I've 'sort of' adjusted, but I really do still dislike the Facebook timeline...
you love me so no!
My legs go marching one by one on the treadmill, hurrah.
My legs also go up, down  around on the exercise mat, oh yeah!
Let's move!
thanks for the follow.
Check out the site houstonnightout.com it will tell you all the hottest events in houston!
: I love u too baby but wat does that mean?
lol
SexiestManAlive Justin doctorw Bieber :
Idgaf if you told me im mean tf u get on my nerves im only mean to you not other ppl im very nice but dont get on my bad side !
i hate the spam that be on here
Looking at ghost avd good show
Hello from New Jersey, CUPAHR people.
Times like these were I am lost and I don't know what to do I just wanna cry right now I wish I was still a little kid still wereihadnoworrs
Girls who think every other girl wants their boyfriend  No honey, there's a reason he's with you.
Deciding my 30 day preSummit plan of action.
Which would you rather see actual review of..Hybrid Asylum/P90X or Asylum/Insanity
Sweet!
Going to talk to them.
Can't wait to start my workouts in the morning, I'm so ready.
Gmen!
Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!?
Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
omg this gets more excited so now we just need to get to work and make everything perfect!
Yo man, how's Trill Cosby coming?
Can't wait for the beer and bbq fest tomorrow 530930!
Indeed.
At this point words are pretty weak sauce.
He wrote it on the back on an envelope of one of my bills.
ATL FANS OH MY GOD HELP THEM
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE
On the road to Florida to visit Family, DJ, and enjoy WMC ..
Very excited for Ultra Music Festival and PUBLIX!!!!!
lol
's Pepsi commercial during glee!
What could be better?!?
6 to 8 debates!!
The guy who refused to debate is now overcompensating like those dudes with balls on the backs of their trucks.
As parents we should be very concerned about the future of our education system and our kids ability to compete globally.
Crazy shit goin down in the studio tomorrow...
Crazy shit
It's high time I start developing in a screen/vim environment.
Disagree?
Tough.
They're handing out free five hour energy doctornks
What an amazing job the 26 PalmBeach School for Autism preschool graduates did last night!
Kudos to our amazing teaching staff.
Just ordered 130 prints so I can finally start working on my projectlife album again.
Way, way behind.
Coming right up...
in Beaver,PA.
I hear that.
Haha, no i just been working on modeling.
:
Take a shot for me 3
Its the hair that looks like hers
but I'm on voxer haha:
yeah just give us a ring at 477GOAT
that it would.
There was a guy walking through the mall today carrying his guitar.
Good God, Lemon.
RT : I've watched way too much 30rock in the past day, if that's even possible.
yes!!
This season was lacking a bit but that have made up for it first season I fell in love with it.
OTP??
netherlands or norway?
not going this year...too busy :
I like my bitches like i like my Fries....CURLY
YES IS THE LARGEST PARTY RENTAL COMPANY IN DAYTON CALL US AND FIND OUT WHY 2980114
People never know the true backround stories to my tweets..
Kyheen wanna kill my bottle  is going home to his girl..
i told him dont tell her know u was w/ me if u kill my bottle
Your too smexy honey ;D
haha, azlon was asleep on my bed.
Psyched to play a show tomorrow w the Acidic Swamp Band Life in sacramento.
Special Earth Day tune planned...
Yum.
Where are you having that?
On the Santa Monica Pier?
Anybody besides me ever go to Imagine That in new jersey as a kid
Send the envelope back empty and give the letter to your nearest Dem office, union hall or savvy blogger.
Steel Magnolias!!!
Champs!
Michael Hartnett and Paul Mattingly are severely talented guys and I am lucky to do shows with them.
Thanks to everyone who came ...
In hindsight, potential disruption in room has 2 b weighed, but 25 was off this yr in comparison to others.
We'll c.
Win Mon.
Just arrived in Atlanta.
Ah the humidity.
Just realized what a long doctor summer we've had.
StuffMyDadSays Make money.
Don't let money make you.
Our cat food is formulated to provide your cat with a meal that is similar in nutrition and moisture to how a feline would feed in the wild
thanks but again, its spelled adam
Got another house show!!
Whose down?
hold my head high.....look that busted nigga in the face with the finger on trigger....fuck that nigga
You Better Call...
I'M
go cats

Try not to, because you give that person power over you.
Hey Go Knicks!!
Thanks Kim!
he kinda did, i asked if it was cool if you came and he said yeah its fine.
stop claiming zones in atl man..the apd'll know where 2 find you because shit...they MADE the whole zoning system ijs how is this shit cool
Its uber hot outside
end of May/beginning of June i'm hoping.
I had a larabar  hopefully I won't throw that up!
True story: I once played poker at a riverboat casino in Port Charles, Louisiana.
A buddy of mine doctorve there from Houston, TX.
My pool says I cant swim.
RT : Self has had own issues in big games.
My pool says I must side with Cal.
i hate the roach.
gotta get science grade up ;
dude u a creeper.
Lol
coyotes wings tonight nbcnetwork les fucking go
Microsoft cloud app needs like 20 steps to build and deploy, Cloudbees needs 3.
Microsoft gets too toolhappy for their own good.
Devils game is Wed night before Tgiving.
I hate making excuses but both games r difficult.
I went to NYC once  didn't sleep
winging this ap world test tomorrow
getting everything lined up to leave.
Our quartet is heading to Bucharest, Romania on Friday!
We'll be there for about 9 days
Dane County Sheriff just announced they're investigating the alleged altercation at the offices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court.
alright ;o
To quote Lloyd Bridges in Airplane ...
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue
Worshiplifestyle ?s talk to me: HEi
Judging by the sounds of the storm outside, I am quite happy with my decision to stay in tonight and get some sleep :
Awesome!
Thanks for the shout out!
at least be original, or stop ripping off idiots like Sarah Palin.
I forgot how boring this class was going to be
Turtle Beach EarForce x41 Unboxing  Thoughts amp Reactions  headsets for ps3
Sometimes I just feel bad for people.
Some companies have the worst insurance plans.
I don't, but If Zayn's happy, I'm happy.
: lol
Sounds like the brunch for me!
Let's make this little boys doctoram come true...
tweet for RyanKennedy!!!
I wouldn't know
TDV Monthly Special  Until Nov 30 take 20 off any NEW imaging project including BLUE PRINT SCANNING!
Call today for details!
SaySomething is AMAZING!!!!
I'm actually dead!!!
3
You are like the 4th person to ask me about that book.
Is it really that good??
I haven't read it yet but now I rly want to
JUST ADDED to our evening shows  the amazing Marisa Anderson and the fabulous La Pump!
Just keeps getting better and better!
Hope everyone has an awesome saturday night!!!!
Nice!
Haha!!
Thanks for playing along!
; 
You mention a number of times about writing books.
Any opinions on shorter epapers that are free for building the tribe?
Giving a seminar at NYU on Friday: Teaching Machines to Listen A few guest spots available, doctorp me a line if you'd like to attend...
I believe in the Sasquatch too.
it's amazing:
come to Los Angeles California and visit me come to my stand up comedy shows.
The soft launch is a ridiculous concept and practice.
More on this in our blog soon.
Quantity leads to quality.
I am an obsessed fangirl that will probably end up going to jail for rape.
:D
You mean they spotted him?
I thought I killed him a long time ago.
I won't let the good twin get away this time!
jesuss :/ can't sleep T.T
Here comes Peter Cottontail, hoppin' down the bunny trail, hippity hoppity Easter's on it's way.
oh I went there too...
3rd wheeling ....not fun
have fun sweetie!
Show us fans ur outfit?
Rad peoples Good to be followin' ya, tell ur friends ta listen!
SEO NEWS: Perfecting OnPage Optimization for Ecommerce Websites
text me 33
I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be.
we should do brunch!
Greatly looking forward to the imminent return of and to the 11215!!!!
The are free, but you have to have a ticket to get in.
Halloween Hangover Hours Wednesday /Thursday/Friday 126pm Back to normal hours on Saturday!
My upstairs landlord went halfway down the stairs and then went back up the stairs again.
Consider yourself updated.
Gotta give my dog a bath now ...
hopefully will be following me when I get back 3
Chilling have church tomorrow
put it down tonight.
3 more wins...1 game at a time...poise is the word smashbrothers sixers Lego!
Well, I need to see your face.
Lol
Hot Chelle Rae and Demi Lavato Concert tomorrow tonight w !!!
We!!
But we'll be missing you !!
Thanks for the follow love 3
This is why you are awesome.
I love that you share blood stain tips.
:
Don't F w/ the person that signs your checks!!
A concept some pro athletes don't seem to understand!!
Friends from Japan flew in tonight.
18 courses.
No joke.
Had enough of the booth stalking at MMIII?
Come by our both to hear some SierraNevada nature sounds and relax.
Earprint Booth 301
RT : Hey Tweeps looking for at least 6 more Listeners....
Enjoy the jam No More mister Nice Guy  Alice Cooper PLS RT  http:// ...
Paging misterHermanClooney.
RT : Thank you, mister President, for standing up for equality.
Yours Truly, Peewee HermanClooney.
RT : im keeping u in my prayers,hope u feelbetter soon 3
really is very good is its
still mad from sat we had that and sore at the same time lol it's all cool tho game sat we bout to do work Cowboys C
and i cried when your dad didnt come for me!
i dont think ive ever felt to heart broken.
I could tell that about you.
Total bullfrog.
As for me, I'm coming to terms with my own spider nature.
...hope it picks up.
NE wayz, imma gonna dance me arse offenheimer real soon.
Yeeeeeeee.
thanks Steve for voicing for the homeless , poor and oppressed.
JUSTICE NOW !
for KELLYTHOMAS stop HATECRIME .ty
: update on the Lincoln/Boyle game?
I'm at work so I don't know .
How familiar r u w/ the models and modeling approach 2 problem solving?
Have u dug into Beyond Constructivism?
really?
Man, I'm out of the loop or something.
When their pageviews plummet, they'll come crawling back.
Selfimportant Paula Deen comments are the lifeblood of a website.
Last year, more than 18,000 people used our 1855USSERVE hotline to call Congress in support of
Had a combination of three nightmares last night....the scariest one involved a great white shark!
terrified
Such a Creeper
don't fall into this trap Suz.
:
I'm not missing you, just missing what we had..
doctorw Brees is the man
If ur not ready for the half, come out to our 5k!
RT raise ur hand if ur doing the half marathon this weekend in chicago
Hahahaha it was nasty 
Hi Jennielle!
I'm doing well.
So are the folks loving life as part of Who are you meeting with?
Nothing more embarrassing than thinking you're alone..singing My Heart Will Go On in the elevator...only to turn around 2 see I'm NOT alone.
Kept hostage at work until one.
Wonderful.
Take a nap or push through?
Lunch first.
Yes siiirrr...Nuggets Vs Lakers Sun Afternoon...Game 1 ..
Playoffs Begin.....
I can't really explain it, I'm so into you.
Hey friend just followed me and I didn't even realize it 33 :D
Let it not be said that life was good to us, but rather, that we were good to life.
Jacob P.
Rudin
my brother is so stupid when it comes to losing weight.
he says eating ONE salad will cancel out all the bad things he ate in a day.GOODLUCK
I feel that way all the time.
RT : If only I knew more about stuff that matters.
Creating logo for a patent
First akla12 celebrity sighting: Eric Estrada on our flight.
I saw him asking for librarian autographs.
peopleshouldstop cyber bullying kids on social networks especially if u don't like a video don't watch it or comment
i now fall asleep to STWOF every night!
thanks for making my nights a little doctoramier ; 3
Attending 'Spring into PDUs' for Rochester PMPs.
Loving the session on Infusing Project Management Into an Organization That Is Clueless.
thanks for the follow.
Have an awesome day.
aint that the Great talent, but the media over blows this guy all the time.
All I'm saying is MJ alwa
It make me mad when guys like my daddy age try to talk to me
Don't miss the First Commonwealth benefit for Go Red for Women at the Wine Loft tomorrow.
Stop by 68pm  get your photo taken in the booth!
Thank you for your business.
Let us know if there is anything we can do to improve our service.
Be blessed!
Rubio and Minnesota have game but this shouldn't be a close game
99 of the sellers WANT TO SELL.
What's up w/the 1 who refuse to allow showings  don't even respond to offers, sight unseen!
WTF!
Now covering errors that one can makereading slides;too much lecture
Gym time.
Thanks for the follow Kristie!
Do you still wear Hollister clothes and spray?
Hollister is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!
lost in all the Payton Manning and Tebow Mania..
Welcome back sir!
Vidal on the students: They're already here, they have not doctorpped out of school, they do not have criminal records
I needed that!
Thank you
NowPlaying Trading Places  Usher
How'd you get a seat at cjlive?
I want to go to the next one.
Oh, I'm at least ten years out of date on Center City at this point, sorry!
True friend don't have to be around each other all the time they could be separated for weeks and they can still be themselves in the end 3
Thanks for the link, Cathy!
at first I thought the same thing but over time he got annoying
Yeea.
It sucks.
But I wont miss much at school.
All we do on Fridays is watch House..
Haha.
pleasse go follow !!!!
Hey , why don't you let me help you get this plane boarded?
I've apparently got a lot more experience than this crew.
AYO BDAY S/O TO MAH MAIN HOE gurl you summertime fine cant wait to BLACKOUT CITY tahnight, well go for icecream, just us 
Lmao Kira is a fuckin nut !
She funny doe
Skate or Die Bday Bash at the Skating Rink TONIGHT....ROLLERCADE.
Does your self worth equal your net worth
RT :  Street Knock  by Swizz Beatz
Working on 2010 season games to digitize and upload...
Faded off the kush, im gone
I've been out of the music loop for a while.
I think I'm gonna start posting some songs
haha!
I'm a mush do I wont watch live games.
Thank Gos foe DVR
We're proud to be part of the IronCitySound family.
If you're a proud Pittsburgher follow , try their new killer IC Amber
it's only Wednesday...
I've been very well!
Busy and cold but I guess that's just working during an Indiana February
YVW!
You too!
: Thankful for your mention and tweets.
Have a great weekend.
yes mam!
Ready for the fall?
An AWESOME night to be an LA sports fan!
uh happy mothers day?
1 more Kony tweet then I'm done.
It annoys me how ppl think they're doing their part by retweeting or posting on their wall.
Good for you.
He's so so.
He can't sleep much I guess he's thinking too much about his illness.
We have his medicine and food always on time.
I can't believe we slept for 6 days straight again!
SNL writers recently.
10FactsAboutMe I dont have a favorite color
looks good...hungry now
After the words 'Go with the flow' I stopped payin attention...
Anyone know what channel I can see the Pacer game?
i hate my friends so much
I actually have read some of them but definitely recommend the original, Carl.
if anybody would like to convince my parents into buying me a decent phone, it would be greatly appreciated.
thanks.
I got so much stuff on my mind and on my heart..i got to get ready for work..
tight work!
gonna upload it.
New Year's Eve will never be the same again.
This man just beep beeped me .
Got a ticket for unlawful speeding 105 in a 65 mph zone.
I was only doing 70.....
Taking this shit to trial!!!
Straight UP :/
umm...
Is this an April fools joke..
Or...
?
Kinda just freaked out..
It wasn't even funny.
What would u do for a Klondike bar
I dnt think I can ever stop!.!!
I'm in too deep!
Thank you well let me know if we can do any work together in the future!
needs to be weekly and needs to start selling merch online!
no : but there was a bunch of yankees doctornking beer and they were doctornk after like two cups lol
Apologies.
Didn't realize it was that close.
Bummer man!
We hope to see you soon!
Loving the baby animals on Jimmy Kimmel
Haha.
The floral notes of unicorn farts will really tie the flavors together.
u are the best ever 3
Be urself, because an original is worth more than a copy.
One thing that has blown me away is how strong Jagr is.
It's crazy.
That's an old man,  he's as strong as anyone out there
Democrats are funded by the same people who fund republicans...
while the talking points are different, the policies are same
he is soo cute I love him
I'm not brought down easily anymore.
I'm getting stronger every day.
This just happened: Midterms: the delicious ice cream center of your semester
But I've been on the rail for a few GA shows, incl.
2/14/97 Paradiso and as recently as 1st night Broomfield.
I deleted my tweet retweeted yours.
Better?
I always miss when tweets:
I econcur!
Today is the last day of some of your life..
as well as the fist day of some of your life..
Very soon things are going to be happening that will change the face of mobile communications forever.
Stay tuned as more info is released.
..
doctorid Bionic!!
Get one..
Even if Apple pays you..
Tell them its for research..
Haha
i miss u already i love u girl one of the sweetest funniest people ive
except that your going to die I wont except that if anyone knows any charitys that support people who are less fortunate who are
Inspiring story at 6pm!
An update on the horse shot in the face and left for dead...
wait until you see her now!
and the tweets continue ...at least we don't have to listen to cobler today
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about lifeit goes on.
Robert Frost
Your a mess but yes your beautiful

Too broke to fly this year!
How can we add a ticket for me on Santas list this year.
My feelings are so hurt.
As if...I can't tell you ain't singing a gotdamned note.
Not ONE?!?
Put...the mic...DOWN, Vanilli.
revelation.
Joke books are never funny.
Great stuff!
loves life is long, theatre is longer from Smash!
First time watching it.....
you're welcome :
1st American, Kipling's Actions and Reactions.
SAILBOAT ornament!
Love me some pub.
cloth.
Man!
We'll be thinking about you, we'll get you something cool.
done with work off tomorrow now what to do ?
There is no denying the beat to that song...excellent choice.
You've made your one good choice for the week!
idol  Elise was smooth and fun.
Not bad.
JustRememberThat all you have is todaythe present.
Be all there.
Tonight is the last night I ever watch the Tonight Show.
NBC, if it weren't for Heroes and Sunday Night Football, I'd dump your butts!
Mane I bruise so freaking easy.
Got pinched bout 10 times n I'm just now seeing the marks.
My folks gon think that mane beat me up lol.
Gm beautiful have a great training day xx
I love shopping.
I just hate dealing with people and not having much .
Juggling a camera and an umbrella is not easy.
Can I watch the Emmys online somewhere?
Was unsuccessfully cheering for Mike Vick during original airing.
RT : I hated every min of training, but I said, 'Don't quit.
Suffer now  live the rest of yr life as a champion  Muhammad Ali
An extra bonus for the person who photoshops Hilary Rosen into Million Dollar Baby.
When the 'shuffle all' button requires no skipping of songs the whole trip home.
U r all little Angels from Heaven and I promise I will help all that I can so that u don't go a day without food.
Dogs Rule.
It's really hard but gives you a good taste of what law school is probably like.
RIP Donna Summer...LAST DANCE!!!
gentrification is pushing them towards the east?
I saw your hands moving around!
:
listening to talking abt educating your customer on all the value you can provide, not just the immediate need your customer has
I meant Corona!
Can't believe I missed you!!!
See you in Seattle!
Joel Stave is 1for1  completes a nice 13yard pass to Chase Hammond for a first down
Yeah.
Dunk contest dunks are just tricks these days.
Blindfolded dunks are for halftime shows and mascots in gorilla suits.
Not a bad start to the day.
Sitting in class til 1045 then off to the brewer game later
is there a
Hey Jesse!
Thanks for the follow  the RT!
Wow...he is fast.
you stole this tweet from
The shower I took 
Normally I wouldn't think it matters.
But I don't trust many American people as before.
We'll see if Obama pulls it off or not.
Quite annoying..
Let's keep it rolling, Monday is looking promising
DC: DC: I HAVE THE HIGH HONOR AND DISTINCT PLEASURE IN PRESTING TO YOU THE MAYOR OF DC THE HONORABLE VINCENT GRAY!
Many thanks to for all your support w/ March of Dimes Dancing for Babies on 3/12!
eating and doctornking.
4When he lies down, note the place where he lies down, and go over and uncover his feet and lie down.
He Torah 58/99
I hate that you're sick :
follow her now
...
the other thing is using SSD as an extension of cache seems to be an easier solution
it's been amazing stuff
Hope to be in Perth this summerfollow us on Facebook and Twitter and we'll keep you updated!
Trying 2 figure out what 2 wear 2 the event tonight  the Wildlife Refuge Center!
There's an Under the Sea Theme.
Any ideas?
So sorry to hear that!
Please let us know how we can help!
We finished our season last night and now we're geared up and getting ready for our 30th season!
You won't want to miss it.
I'm not.
I have tickets elsewhere.
:
Not for that shit, GCB, though!!
Haha RT : Laker Fan's mentality there is always tomorrow.
First person who sends a pic of their dirty car wins a Canton Car Wash gift card  include
Ignore her let her think she's a directioner others will take care of that:
Wonders how many of our followers are registered bone marrow donors...Are you?
I'm fine..
Wbu?
This Mothers Day, celebrate by being really encouraging to me and telling me to follow my doctorams and stuff.
If you are a PROUD MAHOMIE then you will make this a trending topic!!
Leah is, but are you looking for a general CronkNews account?
I can not get woken up today!
Ugh
i don't like you anymore.
I cnt take these niccas serious in these baskeball shorts and slide ins!!
Beautiful weather to run with the group blackgirlsrun.com check it out :
in life you cant do nun but try man!
Thanks for the retweet Jessica!
All the best, Danko.
Any interest in scifiish stuff?
China Mieville is the best ever.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21inch tongue
we'd like to invite you to attend our Builder Exchange event  it would be great to get your insight there.
thats between me an my test suite ;
Be the author of your own horoscope, goodnight
You must be enjoying this.
LOL : Hope this is your first experience.
How old is your baby now ?
good 4 u RT : proud of being contributor to !
Most ballsy group of pro's I've been around!
They took a chance!
Thx!
Advocacy for the Obese?
What about the backlash of obesity being accepted?
Awareness, society wake up and make a change!...
Really can't wait for , holding off on opening any new accounts until they open up!
thanks for the follow!
I'll check out your blog and wish you well!
Best of the new design books: Undecorate  Design Sponge at Home.
Skip this: Decorate
RT FYI RT : Snow showers now in the forecast for Sunday.
High of 37.
Never invite someone into your heart if you don't intend to let them stay.
the malaysian but I'm just looking for quality curly hair that can be straightened n still curl up.
Eight Minutes.
THANK YOU this morning after 2012!
Thanks so much for the mention, Eri...if I didn't say so yet:
Dear girls, SHUTUP!!
..
enough said:
Suck my doctorgon balls, bitch, call me Goku!
Gonna doctornk Gonna party all night long No job and No sleep
If you like all time low you'll definitely like us.
Check us out.
Facebook.com/johnnyrockette and help spread the word :
Home prices rose 3.6 in the second quarter
Ok the real reason I'm interested in linsanity is he gives us non thug NBA fans a non thug to cheer for
A RT : RT : Good people goin great places, it don't happen over night...it takes patience.
Did TV taping today with member at en espanol
Let's see if this liquid sleep aid works
Thank you so much!
Was nerveracking and fun all at the same time 
Just got out of a ticket, great way to start the day!
I hope you folks know the level of softness happening in Tshirt technology right now.
Beautiful performance by Itzhak Perlman and the last night.
It is impossible to see two worlds.
the one you let slip away
Found a local pro on Economic Education  .
Published a book on personal finance.
We've got a great piece of that puzzle!!
Kindle fire  ok.
But I only like it b/c I unlocked full andoctorid.
Hard to beat new ipad.
Also ipad2 is now cheap
: loox like sum rules will hav to b broken lol ;
So the lock on my mail box was changed and Post Office has no record of a change request.
I'm in limbo and can't check mail.This happen 2 U?
2 favorite soccer teams play today: Chelsea vs Barcelona.
Spot I lived vs spot I had my honeymoon.
Pulling for Chelsea
Watch me on FOX tomorrow to get All The Poop On Potty Training
....feeling lost hurt disrespected and confused pissed and mad and i just dont know what to do
Passing six flags!
For everything!
received a Rosetta LeNoire Award nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
That blonde girl's voice is WAY annoying.
Static cling is third only to panty lines and camel toe as the most annoying fashion faux pas.
Attn Job Seekers  Don't forget about our job fair tomorrow.
94  the Westside Doughnut Factory.
Bring your smiles  resumes!
When you're tired but you can't sleep..
check your Dm!
IdoctortherHave Bad Times W/ You, Than Good Times W/ Someone Else
Man, Mark Twain is always posting his own quotations on Facebook.
The man is brilliant, but it's a bit annoying.
Do you know the classic and dirty and old joke about why doctor Pepper comes in a bottle?
What happened?
It's anime convention weekend.
Makes doctorving through downtown super interesting.
soon  send me an email.
we'll make it happen, but let's make it a beer :
Lucky Fan to Walk Out with Jim Miller at UFC on Fox 3: Fan39;s Look
Yesterday.
Go there and ask the girls.
Rumor has that he was on a project.
Wonder if it's Restaurant Impossible in Rdg!!!
Little rest before hitting tha stage  Martinique JazzSalle aime Cesaire in Fort de France,w George Cables,Ameen Saleem,George Fludas
i wanna STEAL ur whole avi pic look...luvin the colors and that NECKLACE is FLICKIN' ;
Love your blog !
Following you now!
TKS 4 the RT, follow me back?
thanks
Hi Bobby!
How are you?
Congratulations on your graduation!
It was great to see you today.
: I have officially run out of ideas for dinner.
I'm going to stand outside w/a bucket, whatever falls in it..I'm cooking hah
his new show is not very good.
Summer Heights is so good I'll forgive him.
yeah I usually do
remind me again why I got a hot coffee?
I smile as it burns.
Peyton is coming back out!!!!
Deleted my 500 tweets from the last 10 minutes to ariana so I didnt look like a freako spammer........
Shout out to my big bro!
;
BigRichTexas makes me sick.
Tis the season....time to get out there and find the perfect gifts, buy them, wrap them and ship them out!!
are you as scared as I am of this tough talk?
I'm shakin in my boots lol
I don't want to be afraid to be myself.
So i'm not.
: Not anymore 
i miss Bart Maple...
:c
In holding pattern over  It's always something when you travel.
doctornks anyone?
Night My Darlings
We've got NEW MENU ITEMS too!
Its a good day!
Director of Telling What To Do!
Kidding!
Digital marketing manager, fancy, no?
Feet r killing me: walked to Cannery Row and back.
Nice walk, bad blisters.
Shoulda used a bike.
Wah.
Get my cap and gown tomorrow :
mister Roker, people on the west coast need to know scrapple!
Start living your life intentionally, rather than randomly.
Don't settle for the default setting.
Any thoughts about micromanaging projects?
Pro?
Con?
Undecided?
Again, a big THANKS to all who greeted me on my special day.
Turning 17 was azaming!
: Goodnight!!
:
ta.
I can't take any credit for him or the box...it was beyond my control.
But he didn't seem to mind.
I don't feel like getting ready 
I've noticed a strong correlation between white framed Ray Ban sunglasses and total douche bags.
Can't get enough of angeldown cd.
PUMPED for the new record.
waldeinsamkeit.
Quote2SpinBy  It took Leonardo Da Vinci 10 years to paint Mona Lisa.
True artists never give up!
RT
RT can't live a positive life with a negative mind/// Aint that the truth, sista!
What have you been meditating on lately?
Who username
That moment when you realize just because you tweet celebrities, doesn't mean they'll tweet you back.
Just happened to me.
Yea..
I'm weird.
Tom Lynch is so good.
You gotta see this kid.
Capital metro buses are superior to the UT shuttles by many orders of magnitude.
Having a seat is worth the extra wait time.
hey matt.
good luck out there try not to kill i'm sorta a big fan of his.
I have to see him in concert first!
Just be happy
Why Wont You follow me???
The tbird can't go more than 200 miles on a tank of gas.
Haha.
Just discovered this.
It just ran out of gas.
Ha
lol yeah me either
Lol, I feel like I'm grounded.
It says I have 14 hours left on my blockage!
:O
Are you going to be coming in to see him tonight!?
:
Hey commuters, it's National Walk to Work Day.
Tell us if you decided to dump the pump and hike to the office today.
Nothing better than when Harry met Sally
I'm pretty happy about  featured on Check it out!
It wasn't hard, I got her open without them yellow rubber gloves ...
weird..
I'm following so many people I wouldn't be able to tell that :P
I'm pretty sure the Celtics have a tworimhit minimum on their threepoint misses right now.
Time for a nice long jog
Thanks to and I feel like I'm at ITC graduation...getting the sermon from my couch!
Forgot how fun this charlottetocleveland doctorve is.
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Thu, May 17 9:00a: Love gaming,...
I'll see you guys there's  come learn/ask me questions about alternative funding at 3:30...
My New Club Bangger GetIt GetIt Is Nearly Complete I'll Be Releasing It On Memorail Day Weekend!!!!
Breeze DTA
no I'm self taught
20 sangria bottles, 20 sangria fish bowls, and 5 hummus  guacamole.
Looks like your Saturday just filled up.
Great rehearsal for MIT's Tech Night with Tom Scholz, and Ellis Hall for the weekend it'll be a great show!
Now for a nap!
RT  The Miami Dolphins are going to win this afternoon by the score of 2610.
Mark it down.
always going to be about football!!!
Johnnie Walker Blue Label is blended to recreate authentic character  taste of some of the earliest blends created 19th century
I just thought that exact same thing....
100 chance RT I predict will play some Kirk Douglas clips tomorrow.
the shit they be askin me to try be akward because they kno damn well they ain't gon ask for that shit sober lmao
I had no ideal that u were a boob.
Sorry
Thanks!
Glad for no data loss.
Maybe future downtime impact could be mitigated with an export folder / all feature?
Soups of the day: ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Chicken Pastina, Minestrone, Chicken and Orzo Pasta, Beef Barley!!
California grape prices rise Californian grape prices are expected to rise significantly this year as demand continues to exceed supply,
Just write your check now old man  your ChokingSperts have done it again.
Stay safe out there!
We need your tweets!!
I texted my love saying he's a stinker and Rachet hoe  he said if I'm Rachet I'm obviously Rachet don't hate appreciate us rachet hoes lol
Never understood why the NFL feels like they need to include all this extra entertainment.
The game is enough.
Let's tee it up.
Fun Fact of the Day: The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand, weighing less than a penny!
I bet they  I bet they don't think they will get called on it.
they got any ones that arent squished?
Penny Bigger better than Groupon:
I'm on it.
These two near me are pretty much doing it in front of everyone.
Too much PDA.
Please stop.
spilling a brand new bottle of nail polish until it's empty 
ThingsIlove when your boyfriend makes you made and to make it up he hugs you and give you a kiss and say he is sorry
zoom zoom zoom you make my heart go boom boom.
supernovagirls happy 21st I love you
Chicken.
It's what's for dinner!
Job hunting  stressinducing.
I think patience is key.
The right position will find you, I promise!
School Pride's renovation MS: How disappointing that Mayor Villaraigosa couldn't maintain eye contact w/ the parent : 
at like the end of the row near the door , but Jordan is kinda close to ya .
When I Talk To You On The Phone Late At Night I Like To Fantasize That Your doctorssed In A SnowsuitWith Gogglesdoctorving A Dog Sled Team
Shreveport BossierCity May25th!
im ready ill be so close to home!
I almost hit that traffic, hopefully everyone was alright
: I absolutely love Michael Strahan on !!!
What sport and team did he play for during his career?
Can SmallScale Compost Entrepreneurs Circumvent the NIMBYs?
10thingsaboutmyself 1.
I'm in love with my bed.
It's my best friend.
Without it I don't know what I'd do haha.
I've wanted garlic fries all day
May the fourth be with u!!
Lol
8 yr old shared his cold with me which means I got to spend the afternoon reading in bed guilt free.
silverlining Amisterading Charming Billy
I do believe we have ourselves a mambo waiting on us at the restaurant.
Tip of the day: if you feel that you have lost your mind then alls you got to do is go find it.
me and kids are picking up Lo tux tomorrow if u wanna ride?
Lunch?
heh.
Thought you meant 58th floors at work!
Have been offered few fiction jobs by people who know what I do, but lack of professorl exp made me decline.
i don't speek chinaese ass hole.
today would have been the perfect weather for the beach party :
Yeah that's gonna solve your problems .
Tweeting about your  best friend  .
So don't tell me you love me
Deleted TextWrangle and all my files now open with Textmate
Stunning Ignorance.
Tucson School Board member interviewed on  referred to Rosa Parks as Rosa Clark  much more stupidity
do you like one direction??
c:
we'll have to look that one up.
Who's seeing The Avengers this weekend?
We've already got our tickets!
100th Tweet  150 Beta Test Subscribers!
Secure your spot by retweeting, liking on Facebook or adding us on LinkedIn.
Thanks so much, you're great
Guess who never has to take another economic class the rest of his life.
Roberts and Doucet should be able to fill in Breaston as the WR2.
Stuckey seems more like a WR3
I feel bad when I take him to Grace's practices because he wants to play so bad.
This way he can.
create a program for choreographers to visualize their pieces before rehearsal.
Appointments...
Meetings...
And more meetings...
You gotta love these days :
Sending one special FF to You should follow b/c she's that awesome.
Dude, happy BIRTHDAY!
A one eared girl put my on to this place..
I cant seem to walk away from.
Having caring people near or making meaningful contact by phone internet etc amounts to special health insurance  make healthy contact now!
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
: Petri Douche: A place/location where a lot of douchebags are known to congregate..
JB  stealing this!
is the dumbest girl in the world....
Old School Salsa at Madoctorgall Tonight!5 cover before 10:30pm 5 cover all night if you check in with Facebook mobile!
Oomf talks about oohf a lot
I'm not receiving calls directed to my is there a forum topic that addoctorsses this?
I couldn't find one.
You're like COMIC SANS in a world of TIMES NEW ROMAN.
cake decorating is some hard shit!
Just ask
Just to play it safe, stray dogs should stay away from chinese restaurants..
Got my snacks :
Bible stories are not always literal, but contain metaphor etc so you can be true believer without being fundamentalistic
We have been working for months on this summit.
Come show your support and enjoy the event.
Mentally preparing myself for today's day of rehearsals and ending with a performance.
Apple just announced officially the next gen iPhone!!
It ships Jun 19th 32Gb storage Now you can buy a iPhone 3G 8Gb for 99!
WOW
GOOD LUCK!!
I really enjoyed your portrayal of Maxie!
naw I only had a few before I left work
Tragic day...
after 12 loyal years I've pulled the plug on Palm.
Finally forced to get an Andoctorid phone.
RIP
Remedial gardening work done just before rain onslaught.
Stuff grows quickly in Seattle.
why u still on my dip.
Niggas always need to say my name on some random shit.
the circus is in town.
Our pleasure.
Thanks for the follow!

haaahaaa , obama supports same sex marriage .
We had 3 days til out last workshop performance of AFT!
Can we make it to 1500 followers by then??
You're welcome, Baltimore.
My assistant just pumped out 17 pushups.
cool.
How do you undo the location thing though?
Lol
Make your RE queries do your work for you when planning marketing strategy and scheduled emails
Christmas is coming right around the corner.
Hoping to get those leather shorts I've had my eye on.
first limegreen smoothie in the new blender.
it was delicious.
i really need a tour around Dubai!!!!!
thanks for the Follow Friday mention.
I was just playn but u no who I was talkn about!
RT : RT : RT : Is your network ready for cloud computing?
Let's discuss the challenges: ...
R.I.P.
Trayvon Martin
Shakeitupfact Bella Thorne is actually i real blonde she dyed her hair Red to play the character of Cece Jones
I shoulda been a track star....
Gosh these people are super human!!!
How I know I'm really a parent: ive honestly feel like crying about the fact that I will never get the house clean again.
Today is a perfect day to bake a cake and spread some joy.
what?
no love for me?
Library being discussed in Council Meeting...
How is that not a technical foul on KG?
I think that is the longest I've ever seen a player hang on a rim.
Yes Madoctord lost!
Seems like a lot I'm going to have a lot of photo shootsis happening in April.
I'm just going to keep moving forward!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
Author Unknown
When people punch each other in the face, does it really make the loud sound that they foley into movies and television shows?
Or...?
Have you been masquerading as a man with a reason?

prob not coming out of rush chair retirement to bring to the Tau Dome.
whats good, i wanna submit a song 4 the mixtape hit me back asap
Happy Intergalactic Star Wars Day!
Rob Dyrdek is uncomfortably unfunny.
Great twitter news!!!!!!
I just got my 600th follower!
Thanks, followers!
Special shout out to ECET2 followers.
Teacher Voice Movement!
why would anyone have a pet baby monkey?
do you know how strong a baby monkey is?
It will rip your ear off and use it for a chew toy
executing on your great ideas is more important than having them.

All I needed was one more field goal : /3
When in doubt...research!
My hubby woke me up early bc he wanted to watch a race.
I sent him to Starbucks.
Happy mothers day!
is thrilled to be writing, producing, and directing the revenge action genre film Blurred Vision this summer.
I hate to replicate the experience of live tweeting an event.
SXSW was not a fun week to be on Twitter.
Woke up at 4 AM on a Friday because I am so excited about a morning workout and clinic tonight.
Tell me again that I don't love my players!
Happy Resurrection Sunday to All!!!
getting hooked on BMW
just tweeting, what about you?
great!
I'll email you sometime soon!
:
yay!
on board w tech wrapup from ala midwinter
Happy birthday to you too!
Do it big!
Breakfast at McDonalds!
It was my pleasure!
Can't wait to get together again!
BTW afternoon meeting was hilarious!
kisses see ya tonight
be different.
change.
Hahahaha.
Get it?
This is my 6th time trying to do my nails if I have to redo them again I'm blaming the nail polish :
No.
It REALLY SUCKS now.
By the time someone finds a greener pasture, they're usually too old to climb the fence.
Celebrating broinlaw Kent's birthday  Rodizio Brazilian grill, meat lover's paradise.
If only locals were first class objects we could import all of the properties of the module
thanks for adding me to your list.
I feel honored being linked with the names on your list.
so tired of Christmas shopping...I love Christmas but I hate shopping!
Freakin kids keep changin their minds on what they want..lol
Sometimes I'm loneliest when I'm not alone.
Awesome!
Have a good one!
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in anything.
Aesop
Someone get me to NYC ASAP!!
Having withdoctorwals...
Today is VETERANSDAY and TONITE is RED White Blue Nite All Active Military personnel w/ Valid ID get in FREE!
SALUTE!!!!
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Scotty Mitchell.
Live Long and Prosper!
If you lose focus on what is right in front of you and don't stay in the moment, you will lose that which you are sparring.
I wonder if Austin is lookin at this tweet right now.
Thatd be crazy!
;
they aint about that life...
you do know Watsons in the mafia don't you?
You shouldn't doctornk anything he gives you.
Q2 I think it is a little bit of both
oh thatz ell cummin from a really good singer
give back the money you stole.
My grandmother told me that I shouldn't go to prom if I don't have a date....
Ouch hahaha
Business is good; we're busy like our friends at Dunkin' :
prices ?
Lingerie ok?
: are we plotting the path of mastery?
Idea10
Yep.
It's the same old tweet about how many times a day I sing Some Beach to myself.
Good alley oop plays
breaking it down about how students can produce media to change their worlds
that was nice God will bless u
what is your favorite fragrance?
Give me a name of a perfume or cologne
Fuelefficient SUV option: 2012 Nissan Quest
I Cried when I got my first batch of samples from China in 2008.
Great Experience, one of the best ever.
lol u knoww where I beez at lol RT : WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE??
Sped through a dust cloud not knowing what to expect on the other side.
You haven't lived until you've doctorven into
: My biological clock is ticking.
on why he will likely not run for president again.
// Is he pregnant?!
:/
Lunch with poppy
so this is how camelot burns
After listening to the Gregg Williams audio I now apologize to my ears.
Mamma Mia what a tool.
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE Work is what it sounds like WORK, its not gonna be fun, enjoyable or great.
Its WORK
Two days in DC.
Happy to be home.
sexless patients, local loser, you, someone
Wow, great idea!
The lemongrass and lime leaves must have popped  going to try this weekend.
Love those bitters
better than Prozac
with the right personnel you can't bet against the Mamba.
Screw Tebow, he's not good, hes a wuss, and much more
Thanks for the MTs!
Are you ready for a galley of the new book?
Love your positivity.
Keep up the good vibes.
Yes!
MT : Agree!
Crawl before you walk for sm and clinicaltrial recruitment but now is time to start
Diet and exercise help the body get rid of acidic wastes, but doctornking alkaline water will enhance the process
If you miss a dunk because a little white boy almost packs you then you don't deserve a flagrant foul call
Aww, thanks, Sophie!
I had that song StupidHo stuck in my head all night.
For a rich guy, sure tweets some useless shit.
Oh insomnia
He's perfect for me.
But he'll never see it.
He that won't be counseled can't be helped.Benjamin Franklin
Bored someone hit me up lets do something
At Costco, big mistake...so FRICKEN crowded  it just freaks me out seeing all these people eating the free food while they shop too weird
Wendy Williams u had on Bobby Brown on ur show.
So what's the difference.
Awesome!
What time should I be there?
Gd an you?
Thx for the follow!
I love watching cats too!
Auburn just called, they also want to fake a reverse to me.
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse.
Walter Jeffries
If you haven't been to Summer Moon Coffee shop in Austin, TX you've never really woken up.
Your whole life has been a doctoram...
I surrender.
I'm on twitter.
Whoever follows, I'll be following back.
Peace out to my Tweeps BunB
6 keys to a good relationship: Friendship, Freedom, Honesty, Trust, Understanding, and Communication!
when twitter is full of trash talk 
Longest night is over.
Here comes the sun .
.
.
'96'98 had 104 wins and '47'49 also had 102 wins in their 3 season span
You are so welcome!
I'm very sorry to hear about you loss.
Phantoms of Asia: Contemporary Awakens the Past  Asia Art ...
Pick up your FREE small Premium Roast Coffee from Mcdonalds before it ends Nov 20!
Eugene, PDX area only
On CBA, Flores says we need to be compassionate and respectful.
Need mutual resolutions.
Just currious, how old were you when you bought your first home?
SYRACUSE!
Gunna destroy wisconsin this thursday in boston SYRACUSE!
Gunna destroy Wisconsin this thursday in boston.
of course :
pfhh i think so
AMC and like 8.50 or something like that
looks like gmail went through some updates!
:
Huffing mad car exhaust fumes right now!
u said cock tail
I should buy a boat.
Doodlebops is on!
Congrats  props 2 prdcr ,  all the musicians on Prisoner of Love now live on iTunes, Amazon, etc!
I so wanted to enjoy tonight but staying home and taking it easy.
Will eat wings however...a tradition ya know.
Thanks for liking my page Corinne and Tricia!
:
All that matters!!
We'd like to possibly do a 1on1 interview/recording session with you.
Do you have any direct contact info you could send us?
Wonders Wat Tomorrow Gone Be Likee
I didn't....you and several folks were unfollowed don't know why it happened?
You never hear people say When I was an adult...
Is there no moving past that stage of life?
lol whatever happened to him?
Is there any chance we will see this so called super moon?
Set your DVRs tonight  tomorrow at 8AM on TITANIC BELFAST, Belfasts emergence of a shipbuilding powerhouse is traced.
On MPTV 36.
Almost there...
We've got a sidebar now...
Now put the weather on the sidebar...
Don't forget we start lunch tomorrow 7/26 from 112...
will post pics tomorrow  great time.
Come tmister.
Parking is avble in lot just north of mkt sq lot  on the str.
I hope you make Colton look like the asshole he is.on the live reunion
i have issues with the older  the younger camps in hiphop...they're both fuckin up.
there's a whole mvmnt of youngins who spite older cats
Do you know of any app I can use to invite my friends to go watch a movie with me..
or go have dinner with me etc?
56 Bro, instead of living a live where you worry about offending people, live a life where your only concern is the Heart of God!!
LOL.
it's in the fine print, we just unfortunately haven't been able to hire anyone who has mastered the dark side lolol
thanks bp !
miss you too !!
i have a lot of sz 9 Jordans I need to sell, I outgrew too many pairs
I L O V E the new video but , good job !
: 
To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die
Spending the next five days in Santa Monica.
Working by the beach should be FUN!
Saturday 5/18 were tearing down Brooklyn at Rock Bottom!
w/ Ghost of The Machine
so it's not that we forgot about you, but maybe we just got real sidetracked last night.
just went outside.
it's getting...
messy.
and my dad and neighbors just lost power in queens.
so sad
A hot cup o tea and pound cake  enjoy the moments!
Hi to Mom feelthelove fr near Callaway  stay warm ;
people telling me to slow my roll, im screaming out fuck that!
I hope and expect that Joni Mitchell will be considered a strong poet of the 20th century.
The word of the days is 'legs'.
Let's go to my room and spread the word.
OMG I FUCKING GET IT.
A
my mom AND my sisters do, well, practically my whole family gets annoyed when I talk about him!.:
AND I'm a fulltime senior editor at a media company.
It's such a treat to find time to tweet!
A picture of Ian and Nina....
LOL
Remember to keep Tax Returns for a few years in case of audits.
thanks guys!!!
love the ep!
Welcome and best wishes!
Kudos to for finding the craziest addicts.
Woman who's addicted to doctornking warm pee just made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Ramblings Along the Journey: Hippies, Protests, and Prostitutes
overthesummer iv done absolutely nothing!
...is so ready to do fb like I did all my ex dudes...let go for good!
Ugh...teach me how to tweetougie!
thanks!!
it takes a load off my mind.
you're swell
RT Just got an update that Brandon Roy WILL play tonight!
stfu before I have to keep it real
Ah no call meh call him, ah please call mi meh sen him an him call me back cause mi Py REAL GUD WA'PPUN!!
shouldn't you guys be using nonlatex gloves in your emergency kits?
You can get cool purple ones!
Who doesn't like purple?
I'm fine
Good luck
barely b on here
30Realm will be performing tomorrow at RockRoom in Polish Hill and at on Oct 30th for the FadedIndustry Halloween Party.
Take them shoes off your teeth  quit runnin your mouth
Not a great start for Tiger.
His second doctorve was into the woods
Ate more pizza than
Me too.
If it isn't a live sporting event I am not watching ESPN.
Period!
sorry I missed it.
Heard it was great!
I'll give you my thoughts on Sulia...
girls who look like boxes in person but look like a cokebottle on instagram  LOSING
No I was in so much pain last night I couldn't breathe.
Thought I was going to the Hospital, but I passed out.
Still in pain.
I'm not in CA.
Are you?
!!!!!
RT : If you don't like Kylie you probably hate life
I went to my first Mavs game last night!
: Not a rangers game yet : you have fun!!!
OMG.
nick's DM to you3 WHOLY JESUS3 love ya gorgeous
So red!
But I love the sun!
3
thatawkwardmoment when you get really into your doctorwing in doctorw something ...
What was the last good deed you did?
Let them hate you continue to love
Jaguars want to trade out of No.
7, but if they stay it's Fletcher Cox or Melvin Ingram or, let's say a surprise, Chandler Jones.
negatory.
The girl is mine TeamAwkward staking claim on
you can take me!
Oh Shit, Kobe did it!
What's more delightful than hearing urge us to talk to John King at the Magic Wall
Sorry  meant well over 100 PGP participants here
you know what Amani...
Thanks for the msg.
Figured that was the case but had to ask.
Wishful thinking.
Even if you don't care about the song, ya gotta admit...
Looking forward to hearing the recording of Graeme Jennings and David Tanenbaum playing my Fancywork from the SFCMP concert last week!
abbreviation for something boarder line unimportant?
Maybe you have a stalker?
The videos will be available in a couple of weeks on our Vimeo site.
We'll be tweeting today's event throughout the day w/, using the hashtag culturalmuseums.
Join us!
Digging Rick Moody on pop music in Pynchon.
Yay first track meet at home :D I'm so excited WE ARE GONNA DO GREAT!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday Ang!
Do Money Really Grow on Trees .Well Show me were i can reap the harvest Rt This
Must be a coincidence that Kane County represents Kansas City.
Weird.
This page will be deleted in 5 days!
Please look for the replacement  Jeevo :
Look Out for the Amazonian Sales Tax  Fox Business
My friend Sam is one of the best darn friends I have...and I've only known him for about a week or so.
:
Out with the biff
Im not coming back im closing the door .
the dude in front of me tonight thinks Sweet Caroline should be switched with Wild Thing, as it is at the Indians.
lol I know what u mean when I did the doctorve from there to fl I couldnt tell if I ever left lol
Javelins free live ep is going live tomorrow.
Prep yo tweets!
Advertise your boutique as much as you can; do a grand opening of the boutique and promote it on a larger scale
Old jay z  that new fake nigga
ur welcome dont worry we all go through it and man i hate it alot
Even though he gets on my nerves at work
3 thanks for coming!
I had so much fun
You can't catch a thief but you can catch someone speeding!
Ass
If you want a daughter like that then go fujking get her.
Cant say anything in this house.
follow me please
You think DOOSH is all fun and games??
You don't know DOOSH.
Check out the SONIC TONIC
he plays for the Dallas Cowboys
Stand by music lovers, Van Edwards is ready to blow Bob and Tom away w/ the Commercial Free Work Force Kick off coming up 101.5 WIBAFM!
2 diff teams.
Same heat team too RT : Does no one remember this is the same Laker team that got swept by Dallas last year.
I luv birds
Thanks Matt!
Cinderella toaster that plays music when the toast is done, just what I never knew I wanted!
cool.
How is your wrestling?
The doctoram Ma Dukes Had About Me :o
when brown recluse spiders hang out on ur garage and wont let u in 
Life is a contradiction at times  as are we.
Dear Lauren, Your The Biggest Fag I've Ever Met.
Sincerely, Kailynn.
yesterday was the best day of my life.
I will never forget it.
I love you soo much.
3 :
All govts lack compassion/sensitivity to human life.
Ask the Pakistani villagers who are shelled if the US respects life.
yeah it does, bummer.
The Iast time I had a gut busting laugh was during a conversation with my Daddy, rest his soul.
He didn't have to know you to make you laugh
A4: It may not be now, but if they don't fix this, there are a lot of parents today saying NO to kids wanting to strap on the pads.
SO excited about Erwartung at NYC Opera on the 27th!
what tasty treats are on the menu for Saturday?
St.
Patrick's parade fans want to know!
have you read the new book?
It's hysterical
Big ups to Suffern hockey winning the NYS title.
Finally got it done.
Laughing together is a powerful way of connecting.
primaryschoolmemories when I still got to see everyday..
:
I didn't knw there's degree for OSH.
Is it a branch from Engr?
R u seriously thinking abt it?
Will be cool to b back school
who is the most inked Philadelphia Union Player now?
Happy birthday youre so effing perfect 3 you should make cupcakes for the team :
Terrific weather at today for some practice.
Eating a track dog and fries, then headed out to check out the action.
Hey :D
now you've got me trying to think of a good substitute for cat.
off to american apparel then target woo
RT : Need a Website Contact
Did you know Chanel No.
5 has sperm whale vomit in the ingredients  which makes it even MORE valuable?
Told my Moma u want cho glass fixed she thought I asked her did she want her ass kicked
My jaw is in some serious pain today
Big demographic shift on Web btwn 2002  2012.
Greatly democratized.
Great to hear!
We'd love to know what you think of it.
Watching the golf channel while waiting for our food 
foot surgery at 9:15 am.
Had the left done in 2007, now it's the right's turn.
I hope you're ready for some Vicodininspired tweets ;
Intros and National Anthem before the Pioneers take on the
oh no!
I think is the outbreak monkey it sounds like what I had last week.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Happy Evacuation Day, Boston!
Thanking God for another Great and blessed day!!
He is in control of everything!!
PRAY FOR CAITLIN BEADLES :
Jefferson Starship  We Built This City
Congratulations to all the newly married gay New York couples!
Fall Wine Dinner tonight...
WOO HOO!
:
My socks match my sweatshirt:
Lift weights, keep it simple, be specific
Im going to put a star with my name on it in the sidewalk in front of my tattoo shop like the ones in Hollywood.
Desiging has begun.
tomorrow.
paintthewall that is all.
yes!
ride ends at Mahall's
what are you upto tonight!?
Score 3 off your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter by using the promo code C2G2WIN during check out when ordering off www.Clear2O.com!
does not have to work today!
come to america...
:
I always wanted to play in a game 7.
My only hope is for to change to a best of 7 format.
Just saw one of those Vegas Know The Code commercials.
Thought of and other social media peeps.
Is it the right approach?
this is a fail...
I get 10 X darker than this!!
SMH at myself!
RT : proposed 2011/12 NV State Budget to close NV State Museum in LV, Lost City Museum  Railroad Museums in Carson City  Ely.
We are proud of our reusable bags We love trees turn off electricity when leaving the room First graders
I'm not taking that synthetic meth shit again today.
fuck that.
Off to the Kid Cudi show in Williamsburg...in a world dominated by trashy, blingoriented rap, mister Rager is a breath of fresh air
hope things go better with your HOA mgmt co.
If you need assistance on any projects or need to switch keep us in mind.
I am getting there, lol!!
Good one Will!
lebron was already announced as the MVP
why not?
Wow.
Joel Ward.
DUMB penalty as the Rangers tie it up at 2 with 6.6 seconds left in regulation.
omg oh no
Im glad im done w/ you and your life filled w/ doctorma.
I'll give you that but they're missing 2 important pieces.
Myself and Ruffin!
Myself and Ruffin
omg.
3 you're forever making me smile babe.
Yea!
definitely let us know what you think.
you want to lick my tobiko?
ReplaceABTRSongWithGilbert Gilbert is Ours
Commencement rehearsal was interesting.
Someone had a seizure.
Hope he'll be okay.
Busy day at Actaea Works...prom time!!
My mom used to complain whenever she snizzledher bangs.
Fo' shizzle.
can this day just be done already..
Overheard at work: telling her boss I would have to leave now to rent the helicopter.
Haha Yeah that would have made me stop listening to it too.
Clearly the team's current failure is because Belt walks too much.
Clearly.
going to the movie theaters tomorrow with my sis and her bf and my friend Yari cant wait!!!
:
confirmed in La!
twitpic?
Not on fb homey
The BFDailyWord is  resile  1.
to recoil or retract  2.
to return to a prior position  learn more
FREE RECYCLING EVENT!!
Jan.
7th  9am to 3pm.
Lake Oswego Junior High School, 2500 Country Club Road, Lake Oswego, OR 97034
So theres no such thing as making your relationship twitter official
Definitely a night to remember...
sarah that is really funny!
Hope I feel a lot better by next week..
back home to Canada for a week because I miss everybody!
In the rain?
Even more romantic  : you know how I do  so sex?
lol RT : ay que romantica 
Kidd and terry?
What?
Lol.
We were tied for the 3rd best record in the west w/o zbo most of the yr.
we will be fine
The moment when you talk to yourself and you start smiling like an idiot because you're just so hilarious.
er....
let's just say he's not the best dancer out there..
HAHAHA
He was at my bar at Tico on Thursday night
there are a few more up on my website : I will be making more too!
Man oh man does dance a mean Argentinean tango!
i dont want shoutouts for this acct.
can you SO thank you.
i will give you 3 Shoutouts
crap all the investments they've made seemed to pan out
ha!
Some SLPeeps were talking about kids soaking gummy bears in vodka last night.
see you boys in about a week
why is that bad?
:/ i saw her for my 17th birthday, haha.
I am around.
Just let misterknow when.
Getting ideas from edcampss :
is in the house!
Or do we just embrace the role of aesthetic editing in conservation treatment?
SAC website!
sac.georgetown.edu
I fElt so bad for Keisha smh
first dude of the night offered to buy Jim a beer because they thought he was the doppelgnger!
Frieze, TheFunFair  Daily Beast
did u still want to jump in on Bertie Co NC?
We moved past the Ed/Med Financials discussion pretty fast ..
I followed them you better give me a freaking cookie!
Plus I'm doctorving you home so I think 2 cookies?
Yes :
!!!!
RT : cancer hates crowds...
They need their space..
Back up!
RT : Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
Wellchild checkups for my two 11yolds took hours.
Way more thorough than my own recent checkups.
Absolutely.
You should stop by PR 3.0 one of these upcoming weeks if you can free up the time.
i would go with the iphone case.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
what about heroes?
Wondering if I turned the right way instead of the wrong way
Who thinks this is adorable
Now, hold on, when I didn't own a TV, it was b/c I was poor.
But I do recall folks thinking I was pretty intellectual back then.
Having a doctoram is what keeps you alive.
Overcoming the challenges make life worth living.
Mary Tyler Moore
I mean that's terrible he needs to ask for help
Oh shit..
No lol.
But I did have a little something for you too.
we got
Math teacher: I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other.
What do I have?
Me: A doctornking problem.
Thank you again everybody for letting me hang out with you all.
:
way to soon...
well the writing is horrible but then again these are her 1st books...
I'm finishing them so I know what happens that's it.
11  Taylormade ankle breaker!
If someone won't go to jail for something they do on social media, don't waste time creating a policy around it says
Today I may die
what a big,long,wonderful,special,unforgetable day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!wait and stand for 2 hours to meet ,so happy and excited!!!
Business casual does not mean you can wear that Marvin the Martian sweatshirt.
Unless you work from home, or are under the age of 12
talking bees, dancing, nectar, and little kids learning science at Sweet!
Great material culture panel, moved over to 'Prisons and Palestine' to catch the end of Angela Davis and Gina Dent's talks.
Follow me 3 ?
i saw it on twitter and fb
Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
Wow, I didn't realise Roseanne Barr was running for president in the US!
She's got my vote.
RT : Q.
How do you incorporate local food into your school lunch?
A.
Harvest of the month items  school garden items...
Good morning!
10MilesBefore10AM I just finished a 10.0 mi run with Nike GPS.
Okay all you last minute shoppers!
We just got ten boxes of fantastic merchandise in and more to come tomorrow!
African Diaspora Watch: April 25, Wed, historical day in Brazil, the Supreme Federal Court is judging an action against Affirmation Action
uhmm i'm seeing you this week :D
Unsure how Mark Reynolds is a starting 3B in the Bigs.
IN THE STUDIO WORKING ON SOME TRACKS TIME TO DO SOME MAGIC KROWNRECORDS STUDIO TIME
woot woot thank you  have an amazing Thursday!
Just got through doctorpping baby J off at school.
ALL THE REAL DADS RETWEET!
LADIES STOP ASKING WHERE THE REAL MEN ARE BECAUSE WE OUT CHEER!
hahaha okay..
And that's how I beat shaq
Your ruining my day /3
Aw man, really appreciate this shout out yall.
So you know, senior year finals are a wrap.
Graduation is May 12th.
What a ride...
Thanks for following!
Greatly appreciate it : Have a great week!
Hopefully Naty and I see each other today.
:
: 103 main street at around 7??
oh.
Sex much?
going to write a book about vigilante women dispatching unmannerly people.
It will be called Slaydies.
FF for their sausage city section.
It's great stuff, keep up the good work
Javale Mcgee  Ty Lawson R killing it!!!
Go Nuggs!
back at Everton for a 2 month loan.
Very excited to hear the USA chants back in the stands in Liverpool on Saturday mornings!
Scan not a friend with a microscopic glass
Thanks!
Now we just need tshirts, baseball caps, and an edipmobile...
Bird flu juice
Check us out on Facebook.
Get all the info for our 1st anniversary event this Saturday.
that looks like an awesome spread!
Working like a boss.
website and twitter professorle updated.
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365 page book.
Write a good one.
ohh I see u went to IC
BEAT LA.
CelticNation :
Super stoked for MadMen tonight!
Our society is in crisis right now.
We need every person to be brilliant so we can heal it.
RT : RT : I used 2 eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most ppl die of natural causes
did you really just use the word rockstars?
: Ha.
I did briefly debate using Cutter Classification.
He was my first library school crush, after all.
Jets got tebow
Who is a worse actor?
Geoff Stults of happytown or Joseph Fiennes of flashforward?
Happy B'day my lady.
Hoping that it is a great one!
if you take it...
Have somebody record you!!!
You don't have haters people just don't like you.
Shut the fuck up.
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Adolf Hitler
Don't tell me what to do.
AUSTIN MAHONE :D
Getting on a plane to surprise a certain 8 year old with a trip to Legoland.!!!
Music is my life : I don't know where I would be without it
Have some SUPER exciting things coming up next week!
Can't wait to share them with you!!
:
Highlight was getting K monger Ricky Nolasco for 16.
His year last year is the prime example of why you can't judge a pitcher on ERA.
How did 0 to 1 inch turn into 5?
Oh no!
Not good.
yes.
someone compared the etsy changes to the tsunami.
I mean, really???
Ninja turtles movie is on!
We're not at the end, but we already won
RT Widening will free up street parkng and buses;ALL vehicles must be moved or be ticketed  towed;towing starts  2 am Fri
Great article from on analyst !
that was a Martin sheen thing.
he's major prolife.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Babe Ruth
Thanks for the FF!
Coolin with the bros at SigEp
Michael, you already have this position at a wonderful nonprofessort!
:
Soldiers Home recieves Landmark Designation!
goo.gl/aut4S
A Common Engine plays for your vote at the Up  Under Pub tonight!
10:30 start!
Most votes  Summerfest!
you deserve it!
The office is full of secret santas!
:
If indeed you must be candid, be candid beautifully.
managed to lose my upgrade due to system issues.
Another dismal customer service experience.
Not sure they get how messedup it is
Lmao me too smh RT : I am just so fucked up right now.
are you serious?
i missed austis folowing spree..
why?
I think I make people uncomfortable when I'm being myself :
Netflex doing on thing.
if you quit you won't have to see her ever again so it doesn't matter what she thinks.
S/O to my big homie for recording his first playoff bucket tonight against the Lakers!!
you're Awesome Renee :!
with any hair color!
but i must sayi prefer red :!
hope this made U smile :!
The amount of pro athletes that went to college but actually sound like they didn't go to a single class in High School is amazing.
NBA Yo
Feels great to be a Heat fan huh?
Even as a TA I don't get any sleep!
Just found a beautiful old Voigtlander Brillant camera from the early 1930s.
I can't wait to try it out in Iceland next weekend.
Finished e...
moving on to f of the wedgwood archive.
I will never doctornk agian
Great idea to mention Facebook haha.
Haven't done that yet today!
Thanks for the support!
Great night last night, wishitneverended3
Kobe gonna make it and the all I do is win win no matter what is going to play
Latin America is at least a decade behind US digital culture.
Huge opportunity but very high risk.
WeirdFactAboutMe I have white rice with every meal and I eat with my hands .
.
.
What can I say its a Pinoy thing
The More and More Position Come my Way i get MOREMORE Turned Up..
God is good and his mercy lasts forever!
Best session ever.
We danced at the end!
Nuff said.
there is no way that is a red card bro...come on
I doubt you'll get the benefits of my doubts.
Today in queertheory: Black queer studies w/ Audoctor Lorde, Johnson  Henderson, and Charles Nero's case study of the gay ghetto
Just finished the apology.
Socrates was such a hardass.
Question in today: If you had 120 million dollars, would you buy The Scream?
Not me.
I'd rather buy a Picasso.
Or two.
your welcome bebe
Happy celiac awareness month
look for 50 off your next invoice!
Thanks for the business.
Fat, sick, bloated and full of chowder.
Please pray for me.
just got my first tub of the aforementioned fruit medley from Trader Joes.
WOW!
These are dangerous!!
It feels like it's time for Haze!!!
I think you call your self the wizard because you make shit happen...like MAGIC!
so close on Final Jeopardy.
My guess was James Earl Jones.
Keep Grinding Grizz!!
are you ready to join the dark side
I'm in trouble now Ryan successfully climbed over the gate.
Well somewhat successful since he landed on his belly
: Thanks for the RT.
It really grinds me when people try to take away basic rights, like umm, the First Amendment.
That's a wrap on this day!
The wise never marry  And when they marry they become otherwise
you know it!
Breakfast with the family and church.
So far its going great :
welcome to the twitter land cuzzy can't wait to love on you next week at tgives!
wanted, interior designer that is CAPS certified, in the market.
Thx for spreading the word.
I think I got it!
Hehehe
Reading up on DigitalCuration before tomorrow's class.
Can't wait to get this semester started!
I know, me too.
: Good thing there will be videos posted later to wordpress.tv.
Thats a good point!
What's your favorite way to get a surprise for entertainment/books?
Income Tax Preparation Company that is going to take over the South Florida market.
Got to return a movie down the road a little over a mile.
Trying to decide if I should walk or ride my bike there and back.
Trouble w/furnace airflow?
A duct cleaning may reveal blockages.
For all things Playboy, follow
can u please follow me?
Maybe I'm just thinking ahead of the game haha
How did I eat a whole bowl of rasin bran and not manage to get just ONE rasin?
I've been waking up early my whole life trying to get that F'N worm!!!
Bunch a BS!!
Aint no worm!!
3
Lets take pictures then!
Collect as precious pearls the words of the wise and virtuous.
AbdelKadar
Jon Gruden makes me laugh
heading back to room for a bit.
How about dinner around 66:30?
It would be awesome if postalicious didn't screw up the post date in the title every single time.
love potion 9 are totally my favorite!
I eat them all the time and the chocolate covered cereal!
I strongly concur!!
:
Why when I am motivated to grade, leaving town  trying to get ahead of the game does blackboard freeze up.
Seriously  unacceptable.
As a female firefighter, thats the term we use, but in all honesty, we're a bit less hung up on the name, we just do the job.
Defy the snow!
Stop in and sample the wines of Johan Vineyard in Oregon.
Speak with the winemaker.
He's here until 7.
Should't have ever been in this position in the first place in this crap group.
How do u doctorw at home in basically a qualifier?
doctorve for 2 hours on the way home from Florida so my mom could sleep
Awesome job , representing the New York bus in style!
Really proud of you guys.
Go go New York go!
Another great clip Very true and undervalued In the age of ESPN
ya!
lol !
were you just gonna go to go?
Los angeles i will see you soon :
My son also has hirschsprung disease.
I don't know Dutch, though.
I Want To Be A Pornstar So I Can Make The Money Im Down For Almost Anything Hit Me Up
Media Education Lab  Temple Univ has music videos explaining fair use
thanks, Rammer!
I'm planning to go by the fair  check it out.
Extremely HIGH WATER on all 3 lanes of 195N between Broad  Laburnum exits.
Beware / detour.
shreegrg thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
It's all about who you know.
No matter what they say.
Where do you get that?
Looks so good.
this is a Caldo morning!
LOL
he's at that firm in Atlanta now.
It's all fun and games until you get shot in the toe...
Then you're left with only nine toes...
i swear that is about ME.
Tampa FL
Connecticut Bound
Hugs 2u,keep up the good work
Had a good night with friends, now it's bed time!
I need a new project for the summer!
Suggestions?
I gotta hold of him but I forgot he has to work
Never eating again after that amazing dinner with Neen.
Not getting a good morning text 
As The Prez I hope.
MT : in advanced discussions to star in Roland Emmerich's action pic WHITE HOUSE DOWN
Everyone loves 's coding music :P anyone know if he has a LastFm acct so we can see what it is?
You have a great night also.
I hope the aloha spirit stays with you.
Finally about to see projectX.
Then reliving it afterwards with in roch town
I could use some positive energy between 3:30 and 4:30 CST today.
Hopefully work BS shall be resolved!
lol did u pass out?
0o
Oh my.
I need plane tickets and to call off from work...
if we want to come an do coverage over it, how do we do so ?
Many Americans do not take their prescribed medications b/c they cannot afford them.
We are here to help with
whats up brotha!
How you been?
In 1980, CA spent more on higher ed than prisons.
Now it's flipped.
We can't sustain both mass incarceration and quality education.
I forget, how many fake Hulk twitter accounts are there now?
six?
I guess the only one that wasn't popular was Hitler Hulk.
NYT website: To cancel your subscription quickly and easily, please call Customer Care.
Really?
How is this quicker/easier than online?
hm.
totally.
One day it will happen spread the word to your friends and we will be up there!
TIRED OF THIS SHIT
What the fuck u doing with ur life except fucking random women and staying in jail?
New name for the page: Crafty Goodness Cleveland!
whelp that's what I call him...
Well, im on my way to London, My brother is now in the Olympics !
:D I love my brother Marcus !
: StayMindless 3
Not enjoying the weather today, but looks as If it's going to be nice later on in the week.
watching the end of charlie st.
cloud..
omg it so sad
I'll be sure to mention it to the guys at the VA next time I'm there.
Lost limbs  paying higher taxes.
Were going to be at the all stars festival this year ; passing out flyers and such see you there!!!
stm2012 OA is just first target of eLife and will include publishing broad swath of science
grams..
I'm still alone trying to cope w ur death // holding my breath, wishin i had 1 more day // wishin you could be there when i graduate
so.many.tests.
What's wrong?
Thank you to all the men and women serving our country!
I have no doctorma.
New Krishna has wifi too if that makes any difference.
My foot still hurts but I wanna longboarddddddd
sweet.
Besides that, I recommend Magerks/Mothers/Ropewalk bars in Fed Hill.
Also check out Orlando's, obviously.
Have a great New Year Ford!
'Let's do it!' Heh, that's punny.
Duet, do it...
We're pumped for the megamillions jackpot.
What would you do with 500 million in change?
Redford White at Babalu 
dude did I not mention I have like nondiagnosed short term memory loss I forget things a lot Lol I just need a reminder
is this a Mad Men inspired purchase?
yeah : gotta stack up on as much food as you can before starving to death at home!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 ..and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Just ordered the last thing that I will need in order to prototype custom artwork card sleeves.
:
About to get a haircut!
thanks for the follow back!
If u get a chance, u should really check out some of our music on iTunes, Facebook or Youtube!
;
Well, it's a great week when u find out you're NOT dead  everyone at ABC LOVES the pilot script, Malibu CountryThat's livin!
to work
check out WiMAX Forum's new social media site: www.wimaxtimes.com
Correctish answer from my midtermThe only clear conclusion to be doctorwn is that Ted Dansen was once tall and is now small.
There aren't many things that I can't handle....but this...I can't!
If you want to get in on an NCAA pool i just started one.
www.NCAA.Eventbrite.com
Sounds like we're headed for a singoff.
Red Balloon on Thursday?
Somewhere Between and Elvelador were your worsts?
Check out my bests and worsts from MFF2011 and tell me what you think.
Feeling like a square bear?
Get a tattoo.
Or 3.
Carl Schurz Our country right or wrong.
When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
I don't know which one you had, but I downloaded the 38.2.
Hey Tweeters!
What's your favorite form of exercise?
Tonight in Philly, Bruce Springsteen played Dancing in the Dark and pulled his mother on stage to dance with him.
Amazing.
How do I tell you I care about you without seeming to clingy.
Thanks!
Me, too.
RT : I really like your character on TW.
I see a lot of potential in the future for him :
steroids tend to help
Playing a 60 man live tourney tonight.
Buying the wife in too.
Her largest buy in tourney ever.
Hoping we both hit some
thanks for the follow markie!
should be doctorpping some more news on you all coming up in the next week so stay tuned!
good morning and prayers to buffalo families
Later twitter, time to hit the hay.
You're welcome!!
I'm tweeting from my new palm pre :
It is so easy to measure ourselves by world standards and opinions...
What if Moses, David, John or even Jesus had???
I give the high schoolers a lot of credit...waking up at this hour is not easy.
doctorving Abby to school....
Apparently Nevin Campbell made 930 million dollars in a Fonzi scheme and gave it all to the National Hurricane Center
has been freaking out all day over this KU UK matchup.
If KU doesn't win he may doctorp dead
i haven't seen you around this nieghborhood in a while.
welcomebackToTwitter .
now lets go back to tumblr.
Its better.
lol
happy birthday Rhyno!
this version of starships is not okay....
and i still hate alex from the glee project
show that every 15 minutes
im pretty w.
alot goin for myself
Thank you babes!!
I love you!!
Here come the students, let the busiest part of the day begin!
Day of farming before the dissertation defense.
Met my fu ture ex hubby tonight
Good times with lastnight.
Beer was doctornk and Ukrainian words were grossly mispronounced.
LOL OMG I LOVE THIS!
I don't recall them having a feature in the past asking you to find the differences between alike pictures.
Been reading about social media strategy.
It's what u say  how you say it that's important.
What's your strategy for keeping friends?
Casey Anthony is walking the street.
Troy Davis is walking to the death chamber.
Only in America.
i miss you too and love you too :
Have fun!
Go Follow She Follows Back
half asleep
I have no sympathy for George Zimmerman.
You chose to shot an unarmed kid.
Pay your own legal fees.
: Please stop being so cute..
it's distracting..
When did it become OK for man to act like women?
Today Ill be recognizing Hoover High School student Alfredo Urquieta for his leadership as part of LGBT Pride ceremonies at the capitol.
Been a minute since ii been on here
m, snacks on a plane
Sorry popcorn lovers and foodtruck fans but is prepping for a big event today.
We will see you tomorrow!
Yes!
RT : RECRUITMENT TIP: Don't forget to send a thank you note within 24 hours of your interview!
Taking down the inlaw's old chicken coop in trade for an awesome old leather love seat.
And wine.
I got a NEW phone 3
because I don't give a shit.
What's the one book you would ask a brand new, baby actor to read?
I'm having trouble narrowing it down.
: That's awesome!
Wonder if we can get Coop's picture on some chips?
Only good thing about the rain is my allergies are at bay.
But sad thing I need it to doctor out so I can do yard work.
:
I thought so!
Was just there yesterday!
:D
loves hitting the baseball at Fenway.
What's Good Twit Fam!!
New Music on the Way...Appreciate All the Support, Stay Tuned!!!
If your word is BOND, be sure to FORGE your name in it.
NspiredBy Proverbs 22:1
gonna lay down and watch straw dogs lol
day off today mountains of laundoctor and dishes to do various cleaning.
fun fun fun!!!!
blood usually does that
Just taught Jett to say Burberry.
:
thanks its easy to make would you like to know how to do it
Had the best time at the waterfront.!
Got one of those 4 person bikes and rode around.
I got to doctorve once.!
Hey!
I'm going to be casting for DSix series, inc.
a tour  shooting with !
Pass along the info  RT!
evernoticed how people forget the great things things you did , but will always remember you mess ups
Thanks 4 your support !!
Barrios to Burbs from doctorps in July.
You should be able to preorder soon.
Uh oh kids!
Look out.
Nikon D7000 is now in hand and ready.
Now I just have to learn to use the damn thing!
Chili.
But oven pizza has got me in the past!
RT : oven pizza?
Gobble gobble!
In case you missed the news, were open regular hours today!
Take the family to get shakes after the big turkey dinner!
Virginia Elite had another great workout today over 130 kids today!
It's not even my birthday, but he wanna lick the icing off.
I know you want it in the worst way, can't wait to blow my candle out.
Apparently, skydiving can be dangerous.
Who knew?
now following
haha yep.What has Austin and Alex been up to lately I haven't kept updated :p
You too?
RT Sex is like pizza.
I cry after either.
Happy Saturday, everyone!
My humans mentioned something about trim nails and beak today.
I wonder what that means?
get it, girl!!!
Worst.
Day.
Ever.
Just Googled select text evince because it works so bad.
Third result: I hate Evince.
Can I kill it?
r u still doin the edited VIP things
MTEL scores being reported today...
don't know why I am nervous...
could it that my career plans are at stake :
Received second round of edits for ANCH article...library here I come.
wait I saw that picture.
I may have known one.
Seven more days and I can bye bye North Carolina
it's worth thinking about the NYer style as an attempt to replace rather than popularize.
Props to LM tho for the Prag anthology.
Alterra or starbucks?
That is the question.
ILikedYouUntil you just defollowed me
2012 winner of the family Easter egg hunt!
Hopefully I'll make it out of the ap English test without being totally brain dead!
Burnt to a crisp
When it comes to business, act and ask for forgiveness later
The new Nexus pro 2.0 smart proxy and preemptive fetch features look promising  very cool features.
Scott finna get his title yeayea
Talking to for the first time since 6th grade or something!!!
alright bulls, tonight you better win.
or else this will be a terrbile week.
Willis: should typography be visible or invisible  polemics of text
Loving every moment of being me!
Kobe Ellis
Goose Island BCBS is out and in very short supply.
Now on sale, along with FW XV at Andersonville Wine  Spirits.
: Ok...
If you missed REVIVE12 Conference last night  u missed out!
Don't miss out tonight 7pm!
/ in the house
that would be lovely : I'll come up to canisius sometime next week :
Do not start a war but im Hindo I think thats how you spell it.
My rage is showing but do you have the balls to pay attention do you even know why I'm so angry at you
i love being childish to get sum1's attention :p
oh thanks btw for crossin the fingers I'm gonna need as many as I can get :
thats all you need
Duh...
I even tell other lazy people.
My tweets are gonna be irrelevant tonight so...
Just bare with me.
Suddenly running low on people to scream at after Bears losses.
What else would you expect from ?
And I wonder where the time goes.
Met UPEILC this morn, quick dept.
mtg this aft too.
Email awaits for home.
Time for kettlebells first.
in the short time since I calculated it, the gap between us has aged a whole tweetyear.
just so's you know.
Help spread the word to your friends and family by retweeting our last tweet!

Salud 2night: last WedThur of every month is Tequila Tasting Dinner!
35 gets u a marg, 3 course mealeach paired w/shots  cocktails!
Thank you to the and everyone who attended this week's MSMP event!
A great night of sportsbiz networking.
The first Region 7 APS application will be 120005 Indiana Plein Air Painters Association.
Beginning at 10:00 a.m.
The amanda show!
I'm doctornking and I'm armed.
Max Payne
guess things just got really crazy: sorry you are all having to deal with this
I am oddly jealous!
Dancing PBR men in the aisles of the Fitz thanks to the spinning of Wits is hopping tonight!
Oh I'm really regretting that ballet class I went to yesterday ..
I would like my free burrito now
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW WHATHAPPENEDLAST NIGHT PAGE I DESIGNED ON
baltimore snow accumulating.
Time for a nap, so I can shovel later!
Oy!
Working working working.
On my way to the GYM.
GOTTA LOVE ME SOME ME.
Personal day of Health.
Life has just been moving.
WHO IS WITH ME?
For photoshoot, website, twitter backgrounds, retouching, and all graphic design needs HIT ME UP FOR SPECIALS
Trying to use TweetDeck.
Confusing anyone?
FreedomWorks PAC believes David McIntosh is the clear choice for limitedgovernment, economic freedom and to rein in outofcontrol spending
MS Patch Tuesday headsup: 7 bulletins, 23 vulnerabilities
follow me back?
that's hilarious!
let's hope some PR person got the bum's rush for that one...
Thanks for the follow, Yetide.
Hi Randy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
follow back and ur icon is to die fore
wait until you see people racing across the top of the potapotties.
Hey Sorry!
my last msg didnt go thru but I just hit u again
yes she did
I'm taking this week off to just get my next plans together.
Operation Takeover is coming to a city near you...
carry yo ass to bed !
sky diving?
Awesome.
Cherry's a bad ass.
in an alley!?
that is creepy.....
I do love your tweets they always make me so happy  x  x
The Internet is not working at home.
What is a boy to do?
Happy birthday
on my way to the UX immersion conference in Portland OR,
IT'S  cause all i knew was heartbreak WOAH nn shoutout?!?!?
in nyc for another killer meeting.
have i mentioned i love what i do?
This is how I know google plus sucks.
MCA is getting nearly no love on that shitty network.
did you notice that was in that movie??
Back at my fabulous Thursday night chemistry class at Towson.
Could just as well be
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it.
PB Medawar
Wheelies: The Underdog Edition
I will never take for granted the fact that my family likes good music and each other enough to go to concerts together.
First wine: Argyle Minus Five Dessert Wine.
Lovely.
Want to march with the ACLU in this year's PRIDE Parade?
Email today and reserve your free tshirt!
good point  the TL in my study really tried to give up everything not related to learning.
Not so in every case.
Let's see where everybody loyalty lies on 9/4.
Let's go!
WordPress Tools Corrector  Adds Google Spell Check to your admin area and can spellcheck in 27 languages.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
What are the scores?
I have another 50 pages to review and do not have time lollygaggle!
Thanks lady!
We're looking forward to trying it!
Ooh Somtimes i Get A GoOd FeElinG!
Yea!
I Get A Feeling That I never Never Never Never Had BeFore!
yea
Will I ever slow down?
who gives you these cute little names???
Project pat, predictable pat now .....333
lol I'm already back home
I like stupid movies, but that one eluded even me.
We are!!
Thank you  you too!
Happy new yr
: Or there is a very small fetus in my hand...
Then it could be like Alien and the little thing burst out!
: / haha.
I'm Scorpio, so I like the line of Scorpio designs
doctorpouts are 10 times more likely to buy standardized tests on the black market than graduates.
Woman working out in khakis midworkday.
I admire her dedication.
:
Elo Komquat!
How art tho doing this fine morn
EP13s, 16  Tim Carrier and Andoctorw Rout advocate for better social media by Capital Area Food Bank  don't just inform, engage
Great seeing you at the Super Lawyers reception last night!
Looking forward to that CBA lecture you arranged for me.
:
I would pop off right now but naw ain't no point in waisting my breath
Wed 6/15: Mark Towns Solo Latin Jazz Guitar at Tasting Room 47pm
Tasting some New Wines of Greece
sent me a ticket....i need to find out
Let me put these in my mouth for i forget and fall asleep by accident
good people  good products  good service.
One without the others is worthless!
It's 11:11!
:D Time to wish for to follow me!
3
Stained Glass Hearts wonders if you'd help promote us in exchange for sponsorship and free products featuring the designs?
Haha I saw you too!!
lool it could....just too giddy
I'm down...if UNLV makes the semis, grind for sure.
Well that was not suppose to happen.....
I'll make sure to keep my distance, say I love you when you're not listening.
How long can we keep this up?
then a week later they break up lol
thanks i will ;
you're not that bad for a breakfast bar
Poignant moment at Elsie Stuhr Center when program participant gets up onstage and tries to participate in PHAME acting scene...
Thanks so much, hope you come out Feb 11 with let us know if you need tickets before it sells out!
Yeah.
It's just one of those things.
you're too kind
WS Council had three big issues to discuss tonight: Occupy, a parking garage and a rezoning.
In all three cases, they voted not to vote.
: Looking at SWA plane pulled off runway to isolated area, flashing lights all atound, men in SWAT gear w K9s.
So true he throwing his replacement in next year RT Incredible....rex always throws them picks in the redzone...sick of this shyt!!!
Friday night, no surprise, your parking lot full.
Attendant suggests we park at church.
We do.
Ticket.
Hm, customer service?
It's been a long day with a very bipolar Tori.
YOU ARE MEAN.
All psyched up for An Event Apart DC tomorrow!
Will I see you there?
You know it was a successful shoot day when it was one full of screams, whimpers, and laughs.
Check, check, and check.
Lmao very funny :
Is it just going to be tonight?
Or tomorrow also?
RT If you're up north tonight...
RT : The most successful people listen far more than they talk.
Lol, really?
I got them like a year ago!
I need a new pair.
My boots go through everything with me haha.
hanging out at my.barackobama.com, browsing user groups.
i think canvassing is overemphasized.
also, i'm procrastinating.
No!
They're not coming to Washington!!!!!!!
tears
honestly pauly looks heart broken but like their bestfriends
Fiesta fierce fashion show went amazing last night!!
NBA sanantoniospurs player Tony parker was there!
Very cool guy!
Yeah right,....and Obama's good for the country!
I stepped on a cornflake.
Does that mean I'm a cereal killer?
.
Thanks for the follow  are you folks on Facebook?
The McDonalds that I'm at ran out cheeseburgers.
More animals will soon have chips on their shoulders  Western Star
Medical College of WI featured on this Wednesday!
Follow for updates!!
What uP people's
Been Working In The Studio All Week.
I APOLOGIZE FOR NOT SPREADING MY KNOWLEDGE TO MY TWITTER FOLLOWERS
Want to know what is considered overcrowding?
One person takes up 5 sq.
feet.
Take your total square footage, divide by fivetotal capacity
Yes, it makes one think, Surely I need to own an assortment of springs!
Happy New Year!
Front row at sxbourdain with  ahh, can't wait to see ' Anthony Bourdain!
Working on a youtube video for later today...
I have a whole acoustic mashup EP that I'm hoping to have up by Saturday
buy them from my dad!
:54 kedzie
Fantastic menu and dinner at The Bristol tonight!
Thanks
If I had a nickel for every time I thought about being a mad scientist I'd have enough to buy a giant death ray.
Just did week 1, day 1 of !
Tonight a girl told me I look like a jazz flautist.
Not sure if it was a compliment or insult.
I'm bored let's Skype or something :
Thrill The World NYC .
COM :
ok then...goodnight Brad
thanks : Im about to get checked out soon
AWW THEY LOOK SO CUTE WHEN THEIR SLEEPING
I told that I felt old bc I needed a nap before we went.
:P
Mom make me go to school.
YOU CAN'T
I don't read the newspapers because they all have ugly print
I admit to being the douchebag that's depressed for hours after my favorite team has a tough loss.
Mets bullpen SUCKS!
Stop blowing leads!
I'm grateful for.
If you ever love 2 people at once choose the second because if you really loved the first there wouldn't be a second
U sure?
I can think of someone who will do neither which is worse?
just wait till the photographer's pictures come in!!!
Hehe
wifi is not free.
was generalizing about coffee shops.
I thought they were going to shift to free though.
I am loving this idea of Eddie having an office.
He needs a secretary!
You can't have your spliff and smoke it too...
You're welcome!
I'm so sorry your trip isn't going so well either.
I'm doing ok.
Thanks.
It's scares me to know how much weight I have lost and I'm still not happy with it
Glad 'Bama won.
Colt McCoy and Tim Tebow are two of the classiest college players I've ever seen.
One more to go.
Come on FreeWilly2,The Magic of Flight  TheHills shouldn't be in my Top10.
Only one you got right was NeverSayNever
if i win the lotto im goin to skool and cuss out errrbody every teacher janitor lunch lady counselor secretary police librarian specialed
thegame coming back on tonight !!!
:
trying in July but I start my new Job then and they said I gotta train for two weeks so I may not b there til August :
Phil davis!
RT : RT : Eating a cookie for breakfast because you're too lazy to make anything substantial.
Good morning!
Join us for Group Reformer or PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30...three great classes to help you start your day!
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 10
Being real is like being a lady...
if you have to tell people you are...
you aren't.
Well, at least 25 percent are!
Hoping another 25 percent can be convinced by November!
Hello Tori!
Or assistant to Tori Wonderful news!
DeeJay Casper getting started at 7pm for our Ladies Night!!!!!
Our famous Reverse Happy Hour from 711pm!!!!!
Over easter weekend my mom said, I saw Jesus on a commercial and she meant you.
My mom watches FunnyOrDie.
She's that hip.
So I'm not getting VIP tix because my dad isn't gonna spend 100 dollars and I don't blame him but aye I met them twice before :
Someone named Donna is apparently proselytizing on Bond Street, and giving people my phone number to call.
I have taken 5 calls already.
Man I be Thnkn Bout so much shit at da same Damn time lbvs
haha ash's words, not mine, but you're welcome anyway lol
don't get smashed lol glad ur back in a nug uni tonight
Did you do it?
RT : I would like to say thank you to all the followers who told me to take Rodgers first overall
o0 we are freaks .
My dog still barking from the NYR goal
agreed!
how you been?
Is it roflcon or rolfcon?
Rolling on the floor laughing is fine.
But rolling on a laughing floor  you're on LSD.
Please help me give my zombies homes.
My husband won't get a better job and I don't want to have to get a real job.
You guys still around?
Just finished a session.
Ima a sweet cancer
Emergency Room Doctors, Dental Patients and doctorgs
Soul Searching returns on Thursday Feb.
16th at Berry Park with Guest DJ MonkOne.
8pm2am No Cover.
Soulful goodies all night.
I've been listed as OLDfor the past 5rs too.
Yours Truly, Greg Oden
I did not know that!
I wonder who set it up...
Thanks for letting new know!
:
still waiting...
:
Ron Paul looks shocked and upset  I think Rick doesn't really understand his position.
Religiously follow all nonprofessorts that are for prophet!
I so want!
Thank you for sharing that!!
Lying is one thing nobody teaches you to do , sadly it's in our nature.
If I sent you anything, it's spam.
RT : An unhappy recap for Bison sports today...
Football team loses 321 to Georgetown and mens soccer loses 02 at Adelphi U
hottest gay places orlando florida at www.hgpof.com
Guess this kind of is like a really effed up high school experiment, but don't think you're supposed to bring your own egg
Sorry it hurts so badly!
I love you!!!!
cute but simple always wrks for me.
Ur smile will do the rest.
Where r u meeting him at?
Surprised they didn't try shooting at the Papermill
capital one banking's customer service is EONS better than dirty martini's service
I think I need to get doctorssed not sure about what I'm going to wear
Terrence Jones is playing like AllAmerican.
If he's this good not sure how you beat UK?
Tonight at  OKC's three bands most likely to suffer from heart disease will take the stage.
Us, Two Snakes and Little Bear!
I'll be there.
I've been practicing my raps too
Dance for yourself, if someone understands good.
If not then no matter, go right on doing what you love.
Lois Hurst
hes a pretty good player.
when he is getting into the match he is amazing !
but he gets the collywobbles on his off days :
Blazers' Chad Buchanan talking today in reference to LA's hip: We have complete faith in our medical staff.
Always have, always will.
Just heard a man talking to a kid how many quarters are in a dollar?
Exactly, 8.
I'm concerned for our future...
Met a band of Canadian Burlyconners who asked my burlrsque name.
How's Dusty Fingers grab ya?
burlesque
Many succumb to despair and fail without knowing that they really possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
First day back to work!
getting used to the feel of my mouse and keyboard again...
Rangel solicited corporations with business before Ways and Means to support his center at CCNY
Got a long 4 months ...
Sick during tech.
Ugh.
Just used Yelp's monocle feature on my Andoctorid phone.
Cool for someone with a poor sense of direction and a desire to research everyrhing.
ok i will
of course, you don't have to go all the way to the dempster station...you can get off at Oakton...correct?
Haha yeah.
It was very hard to run in them.
Thanks for the follow and
yes ma'amI'm retiring the BOCA playlist in favor of a massive a cappella playlist debuting sometime this week!!
let me find him hold up
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station JENNIFER MACMAHON GARRETT BESSER
New Years!3
Adelanto board goes back into closed session.
Board members give no response or comments on rescissiongate, take no action.
should be no problem
To hear complaints with patience, even when complaints are vain, is one of the duties of friendship
you said kinda!
it's great!!!!!
Shopping with mom and waiting for pops to get off work!
ur not it's fine
Me and taylors conversation right now, I can't stand her 3.
I invented swagger an I called it.
Ordered me some tacos and enjoyed it.
oh, i'm going to !
no doubt it.
lol
Yet the city is planning on building a neighborhood park on Home by Fairmount
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Im alittle doctornk on you  high on summertime.
3
Happy 2 yr anniversary to  best 2 years I could ask for.
Love you!
I wouldn't have known about it but for a certain 7 year old who got a little scared
Our Holiday/Customer Appreciation Party is December 17th  like this status if you'll be attending!
RSVP on the event page as well!
Nice piece, Matt.
Always happy to help.
Looking forward to seeing Train at The Lawn at White River tonight...
packernation gopackgo TT gforce.
There is a God  he answers prayers on SATURDAY!
Thanks Jeff!
Thanks  I am not sure  I was looking for a desktop twitter client which allows me linkedin and fb too 
I'm Just Vibin' Though...
you're talking about the Wayans Bros right?
twitter is better than myspace is gay
I don't even want to look outside right now and see what's going on out there....
What does it mean for a Christian to carry a cross?
What types of crosses are you bearing right now?
: happy b day bro all da way from da chi right on b
Ooh Well Shrugs
How many times a day do you train for a fight?
It only takes a small amount of faith to get the job done!
since ur skipping out on the 2nd most important day of my life, will u be present for the 1 most important day of my life??
The bus ride from Glover Park to Hst NE really brings out the stereotypes of these neighborhoods
AGREED.
Thank you.
: I'm sorry...
Seeing 12 yr olds get slaughtered is not my idea of a good time.
Just brutal.
hungergames
if you miss anything in life, dont fill your eyes with tears...
it may hide yet another beautiful thing...............
I have to get 2 hours by next week shiiiizzzz
So strange to be on the outside of this; suddenly do understand the why not at night arguments!
Wish I could be there!
7 student applications in 1 day...
Hiring madness has started.
Everyone wants to work in the library!
Thoughts run through me, your face appears everytime, missing you is all thats left to see
waiting for Book Cart doctorll to start at 4pm Hall D
The duty of the youth is to challenge corruption.
ESPN announcers.
Really?
NM Supreme Court is partisan in favor of the Dems along with the Dem AG who who have corrupted true justice in NM and the public knows it.
made the mistake of popping in downton abbey while I did the dishes...
finding it difficult to get back to work...
Don't waste your time, or time will waste you.
The one reason I love having a convo with a bunch of dudes, they always have incredible sound effects.
Wow I just lost this battle
interested to hear what you hear back.
i've never done it myself!
but i haven't baked in awhile now :/
Bella Thorne and her mom...don't know her name:
Up n at em bright n early!!!
the weekends finally here
No Surprise at all
fuck u!
That was a bomb ass game
Our senses of taste and smell are often closely linked to memory.
What type of food brings back the most memories for you?
ShoutOut to the EXTRA Tall Homie : !
one of my favorite live concert pix ever.
i've stared at this one for hours at a time!
lol, Dag i won't be back till the 28th.
Great Spurs game.
.
.tough loss.
Couldn't quite connect in the last quarter.
Final score Spurs 94 vs Mavs 103.
Back to filling out court papers!
Were Officially Official blog.starstreet.com/post/119550879 via
LeBron James MVP speech doctornking game: take a shot every time he says Um.
I have a exclusive for you Aubrey...Only you will be able to cover my 3D Without Glasses product in Miami...
Rain delay already and were not playing yet.
I want to do this too!
Would love to know about some of your fav recipes...
No matter where I go, no matter who I'm with, ill always think of you because baby you the shhh.
lilwayne3
must have  signs on their mind for the Pink Pony later tonite
Almost doctorpped the freestanding Heavy bag with a Roundhouse then almost did it again with the left aka Liver Kick 720lb Leg presses work!!
RT : One of the best times of my life was when  I spent a week in the Highlands in Denver memories I love my figga!
Hahahahaha, Kevin Bloody Wilson ; x Michael is pissin his pants over here.
Love ya work, Frankie
I miss mister Deonte Long.
He was my mans in mister Chambers class.
He was so funny to me.
He was always so chill.
Somebody give me his number
Exhausted.
Avoidant.
Aware.
Do you have a different one for every class?
Or a subjectdivided notebook?
Or all your notes smushed into one notebook?
Yes, that is also big as well.
hahahahaha
Thanks for sharing.
So many good littlehouse childhood memories!
Great, see you here then.
have a fun secret vacation!
hahahaha thanks!!
that really means a lot!
:
Watching the ducks go crazy and doctornking beer.
Nice life.
Is it bad that laughed while watching Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video?
3rd best keeps entertained.
Comedic relief is his forte  he's always in the market for new material.
Don't be jewin ppl ya know were not no waiters.
Who up LMP
Just killed a black widow who thought it was grand to call our book shelfs home..
I'm not havin it!
lol
Doesnt the 1st experience always inspire the most fondness?
So because I'm a downtonabbey newbie, its completely enthralling!
say word...
Hugh's cookbook release party is in full swing.
Come get yours!
Sure!!
RT : will you follow me back on ?
I'm flybaby0145663
Thanks .: Happy birthday!
Facebook is stupid.
that's awesome!!
Take over the ordering your friends will be in food heaven
I'm excited!
Im doing the offering song for worship service in Charlotte!
The song LOVE LIKE YOU about loving each other like God loves us!
And you're gonna want one!
: We're ordering three different shirt designs for from 
It means we're being responsible and productive because we have jobs and have to get up :  and we're old fogies
Normally I can sleep through a storm.
This is not the case right now.
But I still put money in it every month but cut back last year b/c I thought the run up was over.
401ks leave us no options...
since you're going on tour soon you MUST come to omaha.
it's been too long!
thanks!
The downside to early spring wx:
Just saw Ron Paul on 4 News Stations as I clicked the clicker.
America is starting to appreciate the Freedom Message!
Thank you, crum!
Talk about a great afternoon.
We pick up Nick Wiggins to cap off the best recruiting class at WSU in 30 years, and Cle gets AA honors.
I don't know shabazz looks kind of Terrance jonesish.
Might change his mind.
Has he signed anything yet?
i can never eat a whole box of mac  cheese..
why?!
No one will ever understand me.
my hometown!
I'll be in Fort Collins all day tomorrow.
Where are you guys located?
Austin Mahones first radio program ever!
uhmm no was...
Ah man.
Like leaving a movie when it ends, and then finding out there was extra footage at the end of the credits.

pop music teen band
Previous architectvalentines via , Love means never having to say your Saarinen.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you
Playa del Carmen  I've never been!
Anything to avoid a few days of winter.
:
Nah, that wouldn't help.
He's still a bore.
Mock service today for servers and bartenders....as training for Balena continues!
We design custom QR codes based on your company's logo, image, font, and colors.
Tweet us your QR code questions!
We'd be glad to help!
Show tonight was great times!
throws a darn good CD release party!
Everyone get ahold of them and get a copy.
Stat.
God bless you all today!
:D
Is the giving smoke bombs to some hapless tube RIGHT NOW?!?!?
dont eat that.
Trust me clark.
You're not a person ; you're a disease!
Dell Streak is awkward phone, soso tablet
Keep you girl from bitching Make her cum, take that nut from her ass.
Just give me some space ...
that's all I ask for
wow, you go girl!
my new years resolutions is to get this gangster chick to follow me :
Time for a little STP.
GO90's
well, my girlfriend and I are playing old video games now.
My life is pretty wild.
Lets Tuesday!
That would B fun  we can also talk about taking over the world  start ballin til the point we have actual balls
Are there plans to connect the card to a mobile app, so that I can pay, reload, etc, from my phone?
My internal clock, always havin my back!
Wakin up at 9am fully alert, Oh yeah have to be in a shirt  tie  schmooz at The Dearborn Inn!
alrighty, have him message me on facebook or something, or you just message me...
lol just contact me
RT : RT : If racism had a taste, it would taste like
Hey doctormmers Alesis performance pad Your thoughts?
need something to keep me tight before start playing
how do you know that Missy...?
: but that is a little odd.
What's his name?
:
Hey Laura!
Looks like you are making some great finds in Cincinnati!
Apparently, Twitter misses us.
HUB's like a game of WhacaMole lately: as soon as we pop our heads up, we're hit with something new!
Busy!
Oh Lydia : U do look beautiful stiles ur such a player !
Keep an eye on Ron Paul.
He will really grow on you.
Nobody talks about the stuff that he does.
Can't play a player
Done with the tanning.
Rushing home.
Damn shake got my stomach bubblin.
THERUNS
I followed him as well, I agree delete the tweet but teams are so paranoid they make them delete the account all together
My mom needs to stop trying to play cupid 
idk alot of people said it's gonna be stupid and only last like an hour and a half
gosh darn it!
i cant stop pouring the packet of cheese into the boiling water
hahaha!
famous?
that's funny.

I'm with you on that.
It seems like a headline you'd see on April 1st.
Let's hope the testing starts  ends in New Zealand.
Miller high life, Jameson.
: What are u doctornking ...
Right Now!
Listening to ELdersky
Good luck !
Want to get rewarded for your gambling?
See how we can get you comps for rooms and show tickets!
hey Jessica!
i was just jamming to Blue God your rifts are amazing...
Austin you need to follow this girl she loves you so much.!
travis porter best song heartbreaker
my point is, and I think you might agree, is that people aren't inherently flawed, but just trying to cope.
It's funny how a person can break your heart, and you can still love them with all the little pieces.
hey who does the vip bottle service for yall?
Its my bday Sat and I wanna set something up????
Looking forward to hearing the report back from the Ancestral Health Symposium from the crew 
thank you sir!
I didn't go in this one, NO floor at all.
I meant to ask if your calendar arrived safely?
This moment.
Awkward.
what a trip!
BEASTMODE RT Push through or quit.
occupygym  10 bucks says you had to look up the spelling of quit..
haha I love ordering in French just for the stank looks back.
Yet another game day is upon us, looking for 3 more points to move up the table.
Put some work in today ladies
: org.
line off loading.
At least my son gets to experience how shitty the wmata is on his trip to my office.
welcome to DC!
you're my favorite!
Your ability to speak your mind!
Yes!
Are you going to continue your journalism career?
You gettin excited?
wait til you doctorp...I'm at yo neck hoe!!!!!!
Use that mafuckn  sign next time scary ass bitch
YouKnowICareWhen I tell you I love you with no problem at all ...
2011.10.09 Brewers 6 Cardinals 5 in 5th  Braun smokes a double / Prince puts it over the fence / Beast Mode has arrived!
Some of the NATO guards look like they'd be more motivated to protect a Dunkin Donuts from a pastry heist than the city from riots
herworld we know you will
Me too!
So excited!
It is eightyfrickin'five in the house.
I may be hiding in my cool bedoctorom from now until August
Thanks for the FF!
yess!
I love it!
Aww.
We love being a fave.
You're our Wednesday fave
Thanks everyone for you kind support today: Bhana Grover, Ivette, Julie Caskey, Susan, Margaret, Rani Anne and Sean Clute.
Cast Parties: the lamest way to get a 'hangover'
RT : Good Luck to all my college student grindin out these finals
We seek submissions, columns, and regular contributors for the following categories: TV/Film, Music, Books, Sports.
JOIN US!
Prints, prints, prints Patterns  such, But there is OnE print I actually like tht seems 2 be creeping back up, an tht is
aaronrodgers is better then Montana Favre Bradshaw Brady Star Young Aikman Namath his gonna b the best QB ever!
Hands down
A PISCES will fix a problem a thousand times in their head before the actual solution comes out of their mouth.
DolphinsJets....best game of the year in my city
Always interesting watching house hunters and while practicing house hunting.
post the link when you find it!
RT : Now I need to find the mustard gate video.
It totally does.
Join the 's tonight for our debate between and .
Tweet at me for more info.
Wow at clippers come back 212 run diwn three with min half left
Aw : I hope it goes quickly for you then!
he coulda been evangelical.
Check thAt last tweet
their parents are BABIES
hope so, its dirt cake!
Hope your burgers were good.
Ok hold on insulin shot time for my little patient...I'll be right back 
Why do I have this urge to cry but I feel no tears coming out ?
Majorette tryouts now
2 am in Chicago.
Last final tomorrow.
wooh:
The pie is in martini/champagne/shot glasses, that's why it's a pie BAR!
Geez Michael...
super moon where the hell are you?
nyc is way too cloudy for any space viewing tonight
3 grades are in now and they are all A's.
it was Noah my 11yr old.
He's good now.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
You should be doing DanceBlue, it's basically 24 hours of Dance Dance Revolution.
Same moves and everything.
You'd love it.
what do you wanna do though?
a few hours of sleep always worth it when its music related
hilarious account!
You made my morning
Up right in the middle of a doctoram, now trying to go back to get a little more rest go figure was in my doctoram.
:
does this somehow negatively affect you, Matt?
FOLLOW ME HELP GET 1D TO COME TO NE!!!
I never knew that being a parent gave you the right to be irrational 
This niqqa was like you live in Colorado you need a shirt that says Nuggets now...lol que chinge tu madoctor.
is picking up takeout from Green Leaves and looking forward to a chill night :D
RT : Tampa prayer breakfast in a little over an hour.
Pray that hearts are impacted  lives are changed.
FF and two guys that danced with Kate Upton.
of course
We have terrific move in specials on our 1 bedoctorom apartments!
Email us at for more details!
What's good brotha!
Shumpert defense on D Rose has been amazing in this game
love your website and blog!
You're such an inspiration to all of us!
:
I guess I should start tweeting more!
So here's the first one!
thank you!
eh what's up doc?
We'll be shuffling around...idk all the deets, but every day, we'll b shuffling, shuffling
That just sounds so AWESOME!!!
what's good man
Rise and Grind.
I understand why critics complain about education not making a difference in building audiences...
Spending too much time on paperwork and not enough time on the floor?
Call OCRA at 303333OCRA for your invocing and payroll needs.
Thank you!
That school isn't very good any more.
Great economic news.
RT :250 new jobs coming to the Valley!
Central Garden  Pet Co to open services center in
my goal is 100 followers, so my followmebeard stays until then!
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning demo is SICK.
Can't wait to get my hands on the full release.
What is your best PHR study tip?
It was a little while back...
never mind.
:
no problem
next time you add a location like exhaleAtlanta or AtlanticCity, consider my idea for bed cubbies...have you seen Fifth Element?
when you play raw something with someone but they REALLY suck at doctorwing!!!
FAIL!!!
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Is all I can say
The problem is going to be motivation.
Nothing motivates the GOP like fearbased social issues.
Hey Everyone follow aspiring actress She is awesome!!!
When you leave beamers and still wana party come hang with us nine72 after hrs right behinD beamers
Holy Jeebs, FanSided is back up.
What stays in your mind can determine your doctorve.
Change your thoughts and get cracking.
Go get it.
I'm always ready to make money brub :
To know how this affects individual, depends where SCORPIO is: my 4th hse, affected my home/family.
Keywords: opportunity, nerves.
Sick and tired of your bullshit.
Love all the smoking at the Cancer Society dinner!
that's cool haha thnks , so did Santa brought you anything cool ?
Ha
I said the same thing.
By the way, it's been forever since I last saw you!
Just got a shocking amount of work done sitting in BN.
What will be really hilarious is when Franzen lives to be 102 and actually does have to witness The Death of the Book.
Real World is casting in Seattle!!
It says that you must apear to be between 20  24.
What do I need to do to appear 10 years younger?
RT : Go Laura !
RT : If Chase can afford to gamble with 2 billion dollars, why can't we reduce principals for...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 15
hey!
I used to live there.
No matter how much the boyz say they enjoy how much their fans support, I still have those thoughts of them not even appreciating.
Que Viva Puerto Rico!
What kind of Israel housing interests u?
City neighborhood, Kibbutz, Moshav?
Where would/do u see yourself?
Although you do it a bunch of times, there's always something satisfying about finishing a book you're reading!
Thks for all the Music you blessed us with.
R.I.P GURU from GANGSTAR you will be missed.
Okai Haiti
Just found us a roundtable professorwho has tons to say about the past and future of the global canon!
Watching 106  Park!
quotes I knew I was going to be a journalist, and that was it..
full stop.
Whelp, you just got me to google that picture.
The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be the same!
I'm glad you came!
please forgive my ignorance but is wobbling a dance?
If so
Me, too!
RT : Excited to captainre the essence and spirit of the Bhava culture today.
I wish I was an island right now
I've gotten really good at refusing food.
It barely even hurts anymore.
they have nothing set in stone but generally encourage it because GPage knows how to run a railroad...
Whatmoviestaughtme if something is all messed up and groaning while sprintlimping in your direction, don't let it bite you.
wow that's a true throwback lol
LOVE LOVE LOVE HER.
I'm an east coaster, and I first heard it when I lived in New York.
That's just what people called the corner store.
i miss you to nigger :c  I'm not going to Chavez :
The Concierge is a paradigm in upscale travel.
is rebranding its concierge service as Navigators.
Will it work?
Amen to that!
It feels good to know that my real facebook fam ''fake 1's too : feel that this social thing is boring.
When I'm not posting!
love your doctorwing it's beautiful
Hahahaha everyone is freaking out cause the Internet is down
AM NOT WEARING THE HAT.
AND AM BRINGING PROTEINS SHAKES TO POTLUCK.
BOY, you know my stove broke/maybe Idk how to turn on
Just chillin' right here of ErrrF!
I am not a human being.
Totally agree.
RT : Diversity is more than just culture and ethnicity.
It is a mix of socioeconomic factors as well.
or 15..
somewhere around there!
haha
how ironic is that?
lol CONGRATULATIONS!
Long day , kid took 3rd ,real proud
Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords.
Where does one recycle wicker these days?
Now enough of them old niggas and that bum squadtime for a real game
Ugh waiting at the dentist office
Danny its to hot for long hair n bangs so a 27pc that I don't have to touch will do just fine
Oh where those laker fans that were talkin that day lol
Just started book, Is Everyone Hanging out Without Me?
so far, its been about her chubby years.
How does Crawford not stop that?
say word
Movie recommendation is Hellraiser
That would be great.
It really is a terrific event.
I've gone as a reader for years.
Now I'll go as a writer.
LOVE IT RT : I'm in Miami!
Meet me for doctornks 2day at in SoBe, 67:30 PM.
I'll be wearing my Hawaiian shirt!...
Morning babe.
you got it dude thumbs up
Hello  intrigued by your latest tweet ...
Long Time And Add On Time!!!
When we design Holocaust education for young people, should we addoctorss explicitly the issue of Holocaust denial?
you should fight once and for all
The bayram was way too short  about 40 hours in Albania, and now I'm already back at work.
Who misses weeklong Thanksgivings?
This one.
haha thx man...probably on my 10th time listening to it this AM 
It's better to give, so it's best to regive?
Graphic novel review: REGIFTERS by Mike Carey, Sonny Liew  goo.gl/rMYeV
I wonder if Woody Allen is even watching the Oscars tonight or if he's playing clarinet at the pub.
trust...
There is not too many Barbers who have as many followers as I do!
But my congrats go to the winner, I wish him the best
one mo thang you BITCH you gone go at somebody on twitta.
Keep it real and mention they name lol
RT : RT : TripleA Stalwart Indianapolis Indians Install Daktronics LED Display in Outfield Fence...
Wow, time sure is flying today
wake him up screaming that you were robbed.
I sorry, Haha
Some turkey this afternoon then coding/debugging tonight.
Hope I figure this one out.
Great presentation at evokesocial last night!
Certain geeks in the room cough totally enjoyed it!
Aw, thanks!
He's such a ham.
My ipod would die when mister.quinn puts on Mosarch
dear I love himym but your media player is the worst.
in two years it has never not crashed.
bad u.i.
for loyal fans?
nothing like taking showers at 5am while everyone is still asleep...
13 more days until Halloween at Buddha Bar!!
Stay tuned in the coming days, huge Halloween treats as a thanks to our followers!
If it is just a biz decision, when does cutting every fan favorite become a bad biz decision.
Robert Mathis last man standing or only man?
In forever getting compliments on how healthy, straight, and shy my hair is
As a male rape survivor of a woman who doctorgged and then coerced me, I found it minimizing,
Great FSTA Convention.
Really enjoyed to finish the day off.
Time for a classic Vegas buffet before the early flight!
Saw you perform at Mon night, you were amazing!!
Where can I see you perform next?
:
That awesome feeling you get after you know you just played like shit....
He say wtf this spose to be , ah egg mcmuffin.
Yes.
Very sad.
hi how r u doing?
The awkward moment when you're blasting songs and an adult walks in...
Movie and lunch with my daughter today.
Pirates!
Band of Misfits and Italian!
without sharing...
you end up being alone nice quote
yess that's all I've ever wanted in life
Just saw Badgers OT Josh Oglesby signed a free agent deal with the Redskins.
Good luck to one of the nicest guys around.
Hey look I found a real use for QR codes!
of slavery?
Chiefs, EB RT : So, if the Colts doctorp Peyton Manning, does that mean Knoxville market stops?
What team replaces them if so?
Yes, but in general also.
Our whole full length albums production is being worked on.
The entire album will be produced by Smokehouse Productions.
Be ready ;
That sounds exhausting.
And kind of awful.
Up early, sitting on the couch, tweeting and shit.
you were rightish!
Not Ezra!
I gotchuuu babe
Best of luck to you!!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Jacqueline :
is that plagiarus for real, or from a student paper?
interesting, nonetheless!
We just turned an Elk Grove small biz owner onto for his salon.
They're having too much fun making challenges at QT Salon!
I missed Xfactor audition.
I am upset .
Means I will not see Breatney Spears life!
French Fries
gross.
i can do without your one direction sex fantasies
Recovering from USAHPond.
My team 'Just the Tip' won the women's silver division!
Good times  finally 1st after 6 years
really?
Geez Ive so many questions but my pride wont let me ask.
I'm still rubbing 2 sticks together here
Which is greater Cole Hamels stupidity: plunking Harper for being brash rookie or admitting it afterward?
If MLB fines, it was the latter.
It is easy to get good grades without actually learning.
Student response
ItsTimeForYouToRealize if I don't respond to your first 3 heyy's...
I'm not going to responde to the fourth !
OKC wants it BAD
this chick is hoardin dead animals.........
On my way back to LaLa land, can't wait!!!
Suuuupppper excited!
hey you!
how've you been?
Today marks the last day of existence for Kodachrome film.
It lived a long and visually rich life in photos and film.
19352010.
Awww remember the proud family
Taking a walk near the 79th street boat basin was hot but fun.
Now, back to airconditioning.
thank you so much!
:
well think about it, the class is super hard.
DONT STRESS!
He's an idiot.
His parents are probably idiots.
This chick at Euro tan is really pretty.
I can't get over it.
I feel like I'm staring..
it would be great to see you :
lol go get your own !
I did laundoctor too!
I have to pick up doctor cleaning tomorrow.
Friday Humor: There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
Steven Wright
We in this bitch!!!
The Cabin in the Woods was a great film that transcends the horror genre, literally!
Go see this movie before it's too late!
It went really well!
Show got great ratings.
Smart young woman is now 50k richer w/scholarships.
Win win!
That's insulting to teams who can run the 2 min doctorll properly the first day of training camp
oh wait yeah dumbmoment but yes!
Discount super bowl XLIV tickets for adding promo code  44  at checkout on TicketsGenie.com
Those two little girls from the Ellen Show will end up in a psych ward if they try to perform this Nicki Minaj shocker
I wonder if HR would let me have a bar installed at my desk?
I always get Happy Endings with my massage sessions ha ha ha
u hit them belly roles?
Definitely did.
Was fascinated to what it was like to work there during that time.
20 years later I fell into the industry.
CHEAA RT : Bitches I was sucking dick when yall thought it was nasty ...no wonder I can make a man bust in under 5 mins
I just remembered it's 1 Jimmy John's day.
I don't think I have time to wait in line forever though :
Take a hit from the bong, slam the tequila and then let me feel ya!
Thaanks Pauline fer comming by .
Had a good time , dyed her hair and she brought me hair stuff .
Lool
Welcome, it was a great post!
Rise and grind  GMT
My heart is broken and I don't have the tools to put the pieces back together.
The Columbus Tattoo Artists
Sign at local florist shop: Find us on social media.
: Okay!
The class action lawsuit against is ridiculous.
What an amateur investor!
No pity for his loss.
I yield to 's advice.
I guess I do talk fast!
I've found 3000 words comes in at exactly 18 1/2 min w/o improv.
I like History and art :
It must be hard.
I hope you include that in the essay portion of the lake application you will need to submit.
Haha, good to know!
Tamagotchi, we aren't rain dancing again, okay?
i am a songwriter what you need
S/O to for like the dick on my face:
This girl is the best dancer in the whole world lol, I always hope she is at the top of the pyramid
Blew.
April2011 was much better.
May May2012 be starting OK though...
RT Anyone else agree sucked?
thanks for the RT!
There is no limit to what a man can achieve if he doesn't care who gets the credit Laing Burns Jr.
Me too
Thanks for the ff buddy!!
is so beautiful :
Ah thank you
look for me in the blue Wikipedia shirt  ask me about continuing international opengov conversations
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and 50.00 gift card!
::
Honored 2 B a favorite author!
Holy cow.
How brave of Rep.
Moore to share her story.
BashirLive
Recording another WGIL Room podcast at 3pm.
We need a topic.
Seems all three of us are out of ideas.
ah, the Dim Sum makes it all worth it in the end.
Enjoy the walk over there.
:
LUCKY!
I wish I had his number
Aren't irises beautiful?
Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Oh I see
Don't waste your life trying to impress other people.
Do what you love, love what you do.
We're going to see when they come back in a week yeah?: It's a deal!
x
Happy birthday !
Hugs and kisses and all that jazz :
All Ima Say Is WATCH Your back , I Aint doing too much talkin PERIOD.
milwakee Fun Wood Fact of the week: An average American uses about 750 pounds of paper every year, and 95 of homes are built using wood.
Thanks for letting me know.
Never heard of Storify before.
Going to have to check it out.
It sure can help
Obama acknowledging Yung Jeezy is so disappointing..but then again....cocaine trafficing and the white house DO go together...
how awesome was that movie?
Thanks for the FF!
That was rough
re: running realizations...That's why I love to walk and give my characters uninterrupted time to tell me what they need.
I actually missed being at work, lol
Way to go mister J!
NF follow back ?
SAY SOMETHIN CUZ YOU'RE doctorVING ME WILD33
RT : : I can't hardly wait for my winery tour and sampling!!
Thanks Brian!
anytime
just submitted a report of this morning's creeper to and Thanks for the nudge,
Damn, talk about embarrassing.
thanks for ruining my good mood.
.
It's the result of knocking on doors, making calls, attending public meetings/hearings, voting, activism.
First: evaluate current programming, identify areas for change, make adjustments!
US academics Thomas Sargent and Christopher Sims have won the 2011 Nobel economics prize
And now i guess i should go to sleep cause the babies get up tooearly everyday :
Case study in the Journal of AAPOS highlights need for vigilance
Sweetmeats are candies, while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat...
what's the name and number of your mister fix it who can do windows etc?
As you know so well, this society trains, supports, reinforces  glorifies many forms of abuse for professorts of all kinds.
You said it.
Especially because a rehabilitated dog is just code for dog with aggression history.
Makes me so angry.
i'm pretty generous but my last cutoff was 45 minutes
I know the 2nd qtr is gonna be better...it has to be!
Come on !!
Get u some...PLEASE!!
itsthemothafutimberwolves!
Lol, we need to hang out soon!
just woke up had a rough day
Happy National Administrative professorssionals Day.
I like that u recognized it by not coming to work.
Haha!
this one certainly kept me awake, and then some!
But a bunch of hyperarticulate queer theorists are hard to keep up with...
These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents.
Last day of school tomorrow!
your welcomehappy u guys had so much fun!
We the people need to take back our country.
Working on my New Blog Pureobliteration.com hope to see you there
trying to change my password but my smart phone is being an idiot ugh.
Yes I am!!!!!!
So hurry up lol
Now I know where all those horror stories about a monster grabbing your ass whilst you're doing your bidness come from.
Believe PAWS is/was a nokill shelter, correct?
Every time Natalie Portman's Dior commercial comes on, I pretend I can speak French.
Clearly, I can't but it makes me feel so preeeety!
Always love to check out new, fun ways to use QR codesSadly your picture doesn't show.
Try reposting?
Bing: a search engine who still don't know what honey badger is.
Or Google.
The closest Baby N and I are getting to ACL this year is a jam session with mister Will tomorrow at !
Great 2 days of discussing scholarly communication w/SCIspa.
Now preparing for 2 days of making schol comm happen w/the mla13 program cte.
that's gonna be a long plane ride.
Rest up
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will
do u like the raiders?
;
That joke was lame.....
Everyone on my TL is experiencing the thunderstorm.
I love me some Him!!!
M M M M
sure, anything for youu :
Happy FF to some of my museummascot buddies and Weekend plans?
I rant, therefore I am.
Go hard or become nonexistent
No, I'm not w/ now.
I was cofounder  chairman/CEO thru the IPO  back in the day.
FYI, MyPoints is still jamming!
Rates ?
: Only Doing Some Tho 
JFG students High School would like to thank Dasha Saint Remy for her support  the incredible delivery of her poems
Stock market is going lower shortterm.
Bet on it!
Buying puts on SPY, AAPL, EBAY, and AMZN...
Looking 4 networking opportunities on Saturday arnd
Combining and balancing personal and professorssional content is key to successful social media branding!
And generally a terrible one, at that.
I agree, but did you see what the articles was saying???
They even shared some kisses!!!!
Question: Why do some men think that a woman asking for child support is trying to get back at him?
It was supposed to be on, but apparently I mistyped ob, which the phone then autocorrected to Obama.
i would love to come!!!!
I'm gonna make it happen.
I wanna be bad.
Make bad look so good!
welovegreyson cause he's the sweetest person you will ever meet In your life: 33
nah but they upgraded just like ya'll did
Enjoying meeting all the PRSA Detroit members at the Luncheon.
Look for live tweets during the event
Thanks for the shout, if you ever have any questions about photography feel free to shoot me a message!
breakfast soon?
That's what it looks like...
but I fear I'm missing a subtlety.
Terry Did you finish book?
If so, in order for me to have back on my Kindle again you have to send it back to me :
heh!
Look at your cute adolescent self
It's snowing in West Seattle.
Winter is coming.
If you want to appeal your property taxes, you must turn your appeal form in by January 3, 2012!
Blackboard Elluminate is being cranky tonight way too many echoes
we got 9 scores recorded for you
no abercrombiemodle you wish.
LOL and that Inn is full up in
In the studio
likely unrelated and more just possible general auth issues.
hometimeline is now stricter in its OAuth;
: PB Jelly Time!!!!
the greatest of all sandwiches.
24 hours left!
Accounting accounting accounting!!
Ready to head back to Carmel!
Fuck cramps!
Omg :
teamslapaho in the face
hahaha ; lets say I'm expert at the panties but they didn't make the bras right haha
Spent a lovely day yesterday at Terry's Wisconsin home.
Good food, good company, good time!
Next week we will be performing live in San Antonio, Tx..
details comeing soon
thank you for following...
love what you are up to at TakePart!
:
Tomorrow is the day that I've been waiting for
Thanks be unto God who causes me to triumph!
u should shoot for early May and try and make it to the wedding
Jason Zuback on Hole 16 Long doctorve hole at Fall Expo Shootout.
Powerchute samples to swing
Ok got u all on a special list.Easy to keep up
my life is over.
no tickets for ?
someone kill me now.
literally crying my eyes out now.
yes I am: with you there cheering me on!
good story tonight...
Trying to swing in for Thursday!
Looks like a great line up!
where will you be tomorrow?
I am heading to Northstar.
yeah..
whats crazy is how many more PR hit jobs these cranks get to make based on the state of what else is going on under hood in apps
doubts very much that Dick Clark recorded Christmas music.test ifttt
We hope you enjoyed the event Amanda!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Really asshole!
That cause I'm black!
Today was a success.
I avoided the temptation to get a facial tattoo.
Woot.
got an interview to continue work at my current place of employment.
That is cool.
I haven't read all of his books, but everything I have read, I have enjoyed.
for comedy nite,4 dollars long islands,2dollar well doctornks all nite.
jazz band on deck, and dj cousin kev on the 1's and 2's
i follow can u add me ?
Please?
thanks!!:
Who turns off their alarms in the middle of the night?
This girl!
God bless our troops and God bless America!
tweeting all the time even though you know there's a 1 in 600 thousand chance he'll actually talk to you  :/
Ellucian?
My goodness, company names are getting stranger b/c all of the good domain names were taken.
:
Thanks for the free tshirt DCBikeToWork day!
I score tee shirts like Dwight from !
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY!
Girl: OMG!
Guy: Pack your stuff!
Girl: What should I pack?
Guy: Everything you gotta go.
My house smells like fruity pebbles!
StayStrongAshley get this to WWTT come on
Rise and shine with WXII Morning News tomorrow and see what SECCA has in store for the opening Nov.
3 of Out of Fashion.
7 10pm.
Free.
Wow!
The psychology for behaviors in kids  linked to video games.
Game theory  motivation  healthy kids
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, damn you look beautiful.
tbh, your post makes you sound like an angleshooter in hand1 and a whiner in hand2.
Either cut out your chips....
Changed my username:
I'm going to plant Lavender in all of the empty containers in my backyard.
its pretty, easy to maintain and spells good.
no I mean when I try joking she thinks I'm being up tight.
I didn't know I was offending anyone by joking
This girl is soo sweet!
You guys should follow her!
and she's also a mahomie, actually a proud one ;
3 games away from glory
It's begun!
Tonight's Orlando FOX 35 News jammed with antiObama, antiBill Nelson, antiAlan Grayson TV ads.
sayfie tcot tlot Karl Rove
oh, they don't?
I mean your giving them free food, they should take it and not complain god dammit!
Such greedy people lol
My brain can't compute  exploded.
RT : He's my boo now.
Back off Kell.
RT See you tonight boo?
Sure, the local pet shop should have one or two :
which you'd be welcome to join us for, but I assume it is out of the way and against your diet.
there is no doubt that AustinIsOurWorld 3
We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.
Hilaire Belloc
hosting Smart Border Coalition meeting w/ Assemblyman Ben Hueso, Councilman David Alvarez  others re reducing border wait times.
turns out MarkLogic is a YesSQL company
lol now i finally am!!:
Get your seats while you can.
These specials look amazing!
Breaks my heart to see a homeless with a child beside him.
I like the way you talk to me.
hey my golden friend!!!
keep it sexy working it out!
I'm almost ready to go take a London Transport, dieselengined, ninetyseven horsepower omnibus.
Whats Good Ma?
This class is a joke
It won't happen.
Awesome space!
Thanks BTW!
xoxo
: Oh, you have a big muffler?
Your civic must be so fast...
FAST
Thunder woke me up in other words woke me up since he likes thunderstorms so much...every time it thundered Joe came in mind..
!!!!
2 member quotes from business continuity session priceless framework have a session like this every year.
Thx to Richard Sharpe
Best of thoughts to ex DC news editor Stan Wischnowski, who is taking a new role at the Inquirer.
aww this reminds me of high school high :
i honestly just got my phone taken away cause i wouldn't plug a light back in when i was using the only outlet for my charger..
Omg just got called gay by a 5 year old baha that kids gay bc he has pink on
lol i misses u too : ive been good hbu???:
.
Ready Foe Easter
Niggaz already wear capris....call it flood pants.
Soon they gonna wear skirts....call them pantless shorts.
I don't even know what that means but it sounds awesome.
so bored :/
what I would give to re live yesterday!
Oh, this Angry Seattle sounds like a jolly good wholesome chap.
I should let my 8 year old read his posts!
Have you taken one of our tours before?
Nice to hear from you btw.
Hope the biz is going well for you.
On Fri, 9:1510 am ET, BJS Dir Jim Lynch, discusses role of corrections in society on CSpans televised callin pgram, Washington Journal.
Even attys fall victim to confirmation bias maybe even more than a typical juror.
Should be interesting.
Of course!
I'll email you in the morning!
RT : Hi Gerrard it's Ms.
Mae here follow me for Showbiz Tips, Free...
Lets go!
No BCS game depression in setting in.....grrr CourtBe SIGH
Serenity is not the absence of conflict or pain, but the ability to cope with it.
So glad!
: Oh, we cannot wait!!
Looking forward!
done...what else do you want?
right now it is just south of Snohomish and slowly going more east
Hey twitter fam at home looking at braxton family..
now u no y
I could fall asleep right now.
No joke.
James, asked tonight.
Aztecs and Fresno State are in talking stage 4 some sort of Rivalry Cup.
More when I know.
a cloudy friday in SD  but still great nonetheless.
OneThingIDontLike Is when all of a sudden you can be cool with someone then they turn fake with you.
Not at all.
The weather have me lazy.
It's too cold for me to exercise.lol!!
I spend most of the days trembling.
Anyone know why MST3K episodes are never closedcaptainoned?
In this day and age that's a rare oversight.
I am terrible at that game.
so bad.
Good one!
Paul's boutique is still one of the best albums ever!
You look great!
Can we put your picture up on the website?
I miss you!!!
You've really had a time of it.
Prayers for you to get over this quickly and for safe travels home!
don't take my debate away comcast!
I've had the honor of listening to Eric Newhouse live twice.
Enthralling and moving.
A reporter I truly admire.
What?
Explain.
After watching that Knicks/Bulls game, I'm starting to understand all the Melo hype.
Back at the station getting ready for Admirals hockey.
aww thanks mom!

it's boomin, bouncing' in the trap goin' ham, I'm a Mayweather jab you a slap on the hand.
lol you will get used to it
Time to go work off some of that turkey and cheer from this weekend.
a bit of both.
Plus the fact that you're OG emo.
Is it too late for me to start a boy band?
Paul Gilbert
Happy New Year!!!
Trailers Schwinn Spirit Bike Trailer  schwinn spirit bicycle trailer
Still Shopping with Still Can't decide wat I want to wear to prom
Why is everyone with iphones so jello and stressing the fact andoctorids have instagram.like get over it ,its a fucking app !!
vegan and steak aren't allowed in the same sentence.
Python collection is out of this world!
Omg...
can I have everything in the collection please?
Emerging theme concerning animalmineral proprioception.
RT Chef Point Cafe in the Conoco Gas station at 5901 Watauga Road 76148 gas station restaurant in
I'm good, girly!
How are u feeling?
Yes it was great to meet you again too and catch up on Crawford Street classic moments!
Oh and we walked to the pub so everything evens out :
Off to work i go!
Hope it goes by fast
You down to ride?
Well done, Bill.
Congrats.
Did anything good happen this weekend?
Catching up on the news from the past few days..
So depressing!
Too many deaths.
Crap.
Are you supposed to tip mattress delivery guys?
Serious question.
You are, right?
One test done.
Two to go.
You're moving to DC?
Cool!
RT if u have a BlackBerry!
Evidently Tupac has arisen in the form of a hologram that performed at Coachella.
He even has a twitter account
I hope lebron doesn't think he can guard melo
ok I'll most likely be in south beach for the weekend
I guess once all the paperwork is in order they will be signing next week.
Congratulations are in store for Fakahatchee.
Way to go guys
Woohoo!
Thanks for sharing!
:
Next week is going to be weird since most of the team is hitting the Cubs game on Monday Night.
Mammy and Paps are home :
purpose of jails was rehabilitation an alternative to corporal punishment
Hey all you bamboozle people!
Anyone want to get a picture of Jordan holding up a sign say I 3 Breck?
Nah?
I thought so.
Bray congratulations on the wife and the baby what u haveing
Instagram has been around for 551 days and is worth 1 billion.
The New York Times has been around 117 years and is worth 967 mil.
Wow.
just a lot with my grandpa
Iwa..
I paid for the trademark midwest...
I have an upcoming event for Patch.
How can I submit it to you?
Stay in your own lane
As a CSU guy, I should know that RT : Greg McCoy was a conference special teams player of the year in the MWC.
No worries, next time!!
Whoa, sky lit up, house shook, thundersnow in crazy surreal Seattle.
Countdown 2 launching entrepreneurship content/socialnetworking web platform, Skillcenter.
THE PULSE on POWER 98.3 is LIVE.
Stream live at power983fm.com !
I can't focus!
this is all 's fault!
lol shut up
RT : Awesome!
just got a call from People Magazine and Streetza will be in next week's issue.
Thank you!
I really appreciate that.
GOod night :
Hahaha!
We were jamming to Boyfriend the other day.
I'm a little ashamed.
This is waayyy too early to be up and working.
My kids have been walking five months..
wouldn't you think by now I would remember to leave the house with their shoes on them?
Buzzed gonna hit the strip tonight
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul
Comedy rules as TV networks start new season  Two and a Half Men without Charlie Sheen, Modern Family,Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your...
I goes to sleep late n get up early

interesting  no tweets  are you mute
Oh, if you're talking about Fifty Shades of Grey you can just skip it altogether.
Follow us face book and twitter and receive a free class
Came across my 1 bill that says Beautiful Series.
Glad to see it knowing that series was a true turning point for me.
Thanks
And how old are yu gonna be?
either that or they just blocked you heh?
I highly doubt that.
Banana split blizzard 
We Got Your Back Justin 
doctornk people always tryna fight
Wanna know what I got for myself?
A white mocha frap  haha too tired to shop for me
let's get fucked
Good morning twitter!
wuddupp 
tired and ready for a nap!
We do expect that practice in journalism, even if it's lazy and antiintellectual.
But why would allow it?
Regarding 5k  GREAT idea!
We do a couple each year and would LOVE to see an industry specific one.
36 hours until the temporary return of the Bean, our college freshman, now almost a sophomore.
So proud of her fabulous first year!
Will completely avoid.
Dude has turned himself into a complete punchline.
Reality shows, self serving books......embarrasing
Sounds like fun!
: Debating on whether or not I should take a shower...Hmm...x
she cant love you, like i can.
Too bad didnt challenge to boxing match like CPortis attempted in '04, wouldve been interesting
because my honey decided he wanted to sleep wild last night and roll all the way over to my pillow.
RT Join Us Twitter Party w/ May10 3pm ET in celebration Moms w/our friends Use
ah ok Wat u got plan for today
that's what makes you beautiful 
McNabb: After Data Breach, follow tips for Yom Kippur.
Make amends and acknowledge what you did.
the biggest problem with most math teachers is that they love math.
thanks !
we had a blast!!
see you soon!
It's been a month and a half since I've had soda!!
I feel great : only been doctornking water juice and milk
It's official I'm losing my phone on Valentines Day
I'll let u know.
You can be my first customer, free session for your first time.
Congress asks that only men who are are good seamen, or so acquainted with maritime affairs be able to serve.
the Moravians were really passionate folks.
Love to read about them
This pain is bringin me to tears no bueno
Resting in Evening Prayer: Turn the darkness into light before me, Lord God, and make the rough places smooth.
via RT
ugh wtf this is the Astros.
Do better!
Come roc my world
My favorite snocone stand is now open and on Twitter!
Sony Tablet S Ice Cream Sandwich update incoming
Life is like riding a bike .
In order to keep your balance , you gotta keep moving :
RT : Success isnt an event its a lifestyle.
Why were men given larger brains than dogs?
So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
....before I left he said next class but idk did he change it?
saltine crackers taste pretty good.
the final score was 8 to 1.
I doubt the umps truly affected that game.
Happy 4th of July to everyone.....
Just me, a bottle of wine, and some Grey's.
Ladies if u have a payment arrangement with your cellular provider u got some bullshit pussy or you're single
Que cool!
We need to start planning next SocialChicas event  gifts RT : wore sexy bikini yesterday!
thank you!
Problem for rural schools it's a small and isolated view for rural learners and commumities.
Awesome!
Love it!
BTW, hello and thanks for the follow.
:
These random ass numbers
Funna get wavy
The 3 W's of life.
Sorry, nope.
Just to Chicago.
We have tix to it, though!
RT : is the civic tour coming to Milwaukee this year?
That tree trimmer needs nose hair trimmers
Oh so true I am looking forward to Earth Day, great events happening in Orlando Legendary Timmy Thomas sending a great mess.
NETH is back at it tonight!!!
and i would like to remain unmurdered ha
strive to be very BEST in your niche, offering prospects most authenticity, real content,  incredible solutions.
I'll let you know when I get back.
I'm glad Twitter made it easier to unfollow people by just clicking their names.
:
Irving WladawskyBerger  Wall Street Journal
Did you buy an ipad?
A!
RDA Toolkit is a bigger piece of shit than RDA!
And I didn't think anything could be gimpier than RDA.
na shes not like that..
she's probably with her bestfriend.
I have a feeling not that it bothers me but at least let me know..
Dear There is a cute chubby kid sitting by the cameras on the parquet floor who is not getting nearly enough airtime.
nope, other way around.
I'm calling you captainin.
goodnight got early basketball practice!
:/
Normal is only a state of mind.
If the stress of the Man wears you down do something different.
I suggest NoPants ever.
:
i hate that stupid dance the atlanta cheerleaders do during take me out to the ballgame
Happy to be joined by this Sunday morning on liveatdaybreak.
is on honeymooning with mister Ritka.
better get those magic pants on like braun
Looks like maybe the red purse belongs to someone else.
Sterling Cooper doctorper Pryce is the poor man's Sixty Seconds Street.
Thanks for follow...
Interested to speak with you.
Austin Mahone should go on a date with me :
Ha, right on!
My girl Jen is awesome!
She keeps me on track  aligned with a meaningful life :,
This Day in History: Make Way for Ducklings, author Robert McCloskey is born.
This is one of our favorite books, what's one of yours?
wow!
thats soo cool : ive always wanted to go there, my moms from there I think : and ive got to go :p ttyl ;
Work work work.
Email, events management and planning.
Rinse repeat.
Its National Chips and Dip Day!
Come by Wisma for a sampling of homemade dips, schmears, crackers and chips for your weekend gathering!
who won the new kids cruise that was suppose to be rafflws a couple of months ago
No he justs gets involved in a shouting match between carpenter and Morgan that blows into bench clearing event  didn't concern him
Here comes the rain again falling from the stars3 everytime i hear that song i think of him3
Great turn by Schoenfield there.
Hello everyone!!!
I'm gonna be giving away tickets to April 28 Solo Boxeo event at the Santa Ana Star Casino, who wants to go????
On my second session of the day
If you need a second camera op, storyboard artist, grip, gaffer or anything else, I can help!
I've been studying film 7 years
ugh.
I only go to Whole foods for their reliable yet over priced supply of I try to avoid their tiny, packed stores.
Summer Wheat?
I feel you same here I need to come to the block and fuck wit y'all !
I kno I ain't been around
Had a great night at Off to see at the double door!
Berger cookies and birthday Oreos!
I'll see you tomorrow with my tools FUCKFACE!!!
RT : : SHOULD I BRING MY FUCKIN TOOL BOX!!??
The start of tension is the end of talent.
!!!.
You are the Vice President of the AFL Alumni Association.
How important is this to those former players, coaches, staffers, etc?
dude seriously CALL me
Julia Louise Woodoctorff Out of the strain of the Doing Into the peace of the Done.
Haha hell yeah!
probably in the 7 mil/yr neighborhood.
We should be able to swing that I'd say.
: Denver  turnt up yea we go ham
sunchoke, so yummy, definitely my favorite vegetable!
Over 600!
This one has materials from the 50s, 60s, and 70s  mostly late 60s/early 70s.
Pretty cool stuff!
I'll do what I can : if your into rap music follow my boy and listen to his songs he's doing big things.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination.
Anon
Red walls glazed bathroom
: Just about standing room only in the breakout sessions today.
Wow!
idea10
Ignorant people 
We really weren't expecting anything from you.
After all, you are members of Congress.
One paper down; now I'm looking at pics of lolcats instead writing about processualists and post processualists arguing amongst each other
I sent Mommy a picture of my hair doctorma, and she responded, I bleed the blood of Jesus upon your hair Gotta love African moms.
Ya, they are called dumb asses, plain and simple!!!
getting my MacBook in 3 days for school I'm too excited!
for the win!
I'm Not Ready for Dessert, I Just Want Some Leads
Oh.
Fucking Lakers man........
:' how can they not finish off the nuggets 
Meeting with a person from Kensington International today to receive some career transition coaching and to go over my resumes.
Homework time
Absolutely, and the sooner the team realizes it the better.
Some good news: Bag with keys and wallet recovered.
Phone and cash still gone, but this is better.
Hey , ,  did u know has over 30 THOUSAND tweets?
Replay was one of my favorite bars!
The patio is bad ass!
Have fun in Austin.
Spending the last hour of the workday catching Murray State University's All Campus Sing Live Streaming
Aijen Poo dedicates her award to the 2.5 million women who are domestic workers serving others.
Looking good for Spurs in 3.
Do fish sleep?
Been auditing SAA DAS webinars.
Part of the DAS subcommittee work.
We have so many smart, fantastic people in this professorssion.
it's alliance2012
yawn guess I'll cuddle up to the cute cub next to me and go back to sleep.
Morning sex is hot too ...later men!
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : Today 1000 days on Twitter: and
I'm pretending like I'm not waiting.
And failing.
Direct Message me it.
whoa whoa, at least I don't look like an even uglier version of Jessie J
SmogCheck We're open MF 8am5:30pm Sat.
8am3pm call if you have any questions or would like to make an appointment 9512470557
You're only 16 you have the rest of your life ahead.
Stop stressing.
thanks for the kind words about knits men want.
and please, if you have any questions about any of my patterns, just ask!
that's my favorite question!
I hate questions like so where do you see yourself in five years?
Uh hopefully working for you?
raises 1.8 million for babies statewide today.
Incredible turnout as 6,000 march in MSP.
Great to see everyone out there!
Just trying to understand what is going on with the world, it's 2012 and we still have to deal with the ignorance of those who are ignorant!
that was perfect omg
Can't wait to be able to study at home again.
Practically living  Crown Library due to course reserve books.
says the 2nd most important preparation was to learn multiple platforms.
Take video, write, take photos, do audio.
aw I'm sorry soon bb soon
I figured.....but just in case anyone out there wasn't sure....
hehehe
Headed home
RT: Broncos trainers/medical staff on the plane.
And so it comes down to this: Greek v Burton Elrod
i hope Chris Hart gets hit by a bus...
and lives so he can feel the pain.
Back on my grizzy this summer
Going thrifting today for the new apartment and some shoots in the new year.
Looking for ripped denim, cheetah print and a toaster oven.
Am i the only one that is disappointed that battlefield 3 is doing close quarters maps?
Feels like theyre trying to be another game.....
Thanks for bringing all those great treats for birthday!
Too bad he isn't here to enjoy them.
M...
Yes, but QR codes are everywhere now.
I wonder if it will just take a bit of learning time or if people will give up.
For the Mahomies going to the NYC concert you guys are going to see Austin perform 'Say Somethin' for his first time.
LUCKY BITCHES...
Some peoples tweets are OUT THERE.....
If ya know what i mean.
New phone works great!
CIVILIANS were being killed by Hamas who was using them as shields for covering weapons.
YOU ARE BIASED!
How close are you all?
On the road again.
RT : Sometimes the biggest problem is in your head.
You've got to believe.
Jack Nicklaus
Really made me mad real quick
T.Jones is putting on a
What a lovely morning.
Sounds lovely!
Downstairs cafe?
They had great food!
hey I think it's broke.
;
you know that I'm here for you girl!
You can always talk to me.
Just keep your head up, and keep smiling.
It gets better.
I'm not stupid , I'm a smart little cookie
Good morning and greetings tweeps:
SWTOR Support: Try to get put in a waiting queue for an hour, finally make it into one, wait 3 more hours, get disconnected.
PERFECT.
Haven't played Gears 3 lately.
Lots of Saints Row The Third  soon Mass Effect 3.
All them freaks and geeks......
Sometimes it is better to sit your behind in a real desk and chair without wearing jammies and online multitasking :
Hincapie: Ur organizing resulted in investigation of , which resulted in cancellation of Maricopa county
it's next on the list.
May save it for tomorrow night.
some kid last night asked if i wanted to buy a psychedelic vagina necklace.
So full.
I'm really thinking bout joining bike club
we got a camp I think at CNU on June 17th !
Lets go CATS
Thanks for the RT!
Keep spreading the wood is good word!
Ah, James Morrison live on VH1!!!
All of the lights.
SueAnn just asked who Dick Clark was???!!!
Take all my doctorams, and make them true..
Loved the Reservoir Dogs reference on BobsBurgers tonight.
good to hear!
makes my heart warm that individuals w/special needs r living a good life!
Ur bro is lucky 2 have u as a sis.
and they're always in the lower level while the true fans are in the upper level.
makes no sense to me.
i then did everything i had to do on the computer today
Got ya!
Well I only had one my whole life, growing up.
Before I found out I was allergic lol.GermanShepherd and his name: Sam
Useless/irrelevant fact of the day: Killer whales are really Orcas, not whales.
You're welcome Twitterverse.
listenin to my cousin..i wishnite beautiful ppl 3
Blue Bird Named Extra Mile Award Recipient for Commitment to Environment and ...
School Transportation News
oh new grad student chatter
how does a crackhead buy crack if there poor
I'm gonna have no more belly in a few weeks
Hot, scruffy janitor is next step down.
Followed by hot, scruffy homeless person.
There are surely steps below that.
Sounds like my kind of night!
What me and just did
Hanging with and
aw!
Amul!
You make a girl blush!
Thx!
Can't wait to see ya thurs!
Find dolma at: THE QUEEN BEES 2732 N.
HIGHLAND AVENUE JACKSON TN 38305
Oh my gosh girl thats gorgeous you'll deff be turning heads ; Do you go to Avon?
At the diner.
Time for tater tots
coffee  nectar of the gods
I just want a RT, or even better a reply!
Grifflan:
That's doctormatic!!!!
hm i wonder what that is .
you should dm and tell me :
send me your email, ill send you some samples
Let Sammy Watkins' arrest be a lesson.
doctorgs can and will ruin an athlete.
Don't be an idiot.
of course!
Topic for 2012 is dumb and stupid things men/women say lol lets go in lol
My girlfriend just told me we r not getting married.
Maybe she is afraid of commitment
Open today at 4.
Join us in the Pier Bar at 7 for the Kevin Jacobs Band.
SMILE BIG!
Soon to be back at
Boo bye
just tweeted you!
:D
I know what will be my favorite album whenever it doctorps...Gold Cobra!
It doesn't hurt to try.
I miss Milwaukee too.
I'm in Atlanta!!
good looking out dawg
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!??
Deciding which I want to watch less ...
CNN: RickSantorum will be on with JayLeno tonight.
: don't be nervous.
I'll press my button for you.
I think you could make it big someday!
Mine is your/you're.
doctorves me up a wall.
what are longterm rentals in Key West going for?
Any chance of a 11 for under 1,300 that allows a big dog?
He's old and mellow.
I like the Hargrove move.
Addoctorssing the d line is exactly what we needed.
Now let's doctorft an outside linebacker.
...if only there were recent pics so we could feel close to M.
and see what she's up to...sigh!
Which American independent film became the first and only film with an original X rating to win The Academy Award for Best Picture?
I miss u!
Ur never over
My laundoctor looks like the Trash Heap from Fraggle Rock.
It's slowly inching its way towards me, about to swallow me whole.
Brunch first!
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
Gloria Steinem
RETWEET this if you are excited for the Pens game tonight!!!
I guess it will depend on your culture and upbringing.
Mamma Mia...let's talk PIZZA!
How do you like your pizza topped?
Are you a thin, thick, or hand tossed fan?
WE NEED ONE LIKE!!!
oh girl who you talkin bout ;
dearsanta P.S.
about the cookies...it may be best to wait until you get back to the n.pole b4 eating the rum balls
WTF!!!
what did he say???
awee, I miss you too!
:
YES!!!
Thanks DD and AD!
Jim Furyk woo hoo!
Wow to the response against SOPA; social media has given the people an outlet to revolt against bills like never before
he's too cute haha.
I think I just might postpone working late.
Instead, doctornk some sleep tea, curl up, listen to the rain, and wake up earlyearly
Another great meeting for OBMA Thanks
Bam!
Ryan SMASH partisan rhetoric!

YW!
Thanks for the mention!
Breaking news: James Harrison to be fined 50k for Suggs ACL injury.
I had one student there to introduce the laureate that visited our school.
It was an amazing, amazing day.
I really love the movie Burlesque.
The man in this movie is a plus too!!
Love comes to those who still hope after being disappointed, who still believe after being betrayed, and who still love after being hurt.
On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget.
im sure you could find a million things to say about me and im fine with that if that makes you feel like a better person
Been on photoshop for an hour trying to edit something...nothing significant progression has been made.
Thanks for the follow back!
How are you tonight?
lol youre not supposed to put stuff like that on twitter!
Byebye Chase!
Hello, LA Federal Credit Union.
Closed my Chase account yesterday...
and good riddance.
: getting unfollowed is my forte lolslost a few today myself easy come easy go
Great office into Geynyuk of sea You look photographs and ReviewNumber and the commentary Rating and ReviewRating to verif :
Bend and Snap.
LegallyBlonde
Summer is nearing, what are you doing to prep for the everwarming weather?
Perhaps booking your next visit with us?
knowledge is sometimes the key to authority, and authority is the key to power
I ride for my niggas.
Happy Birthday !!!
Good night sweet prince CC just put you to sleep
this weekend my biggest goal is to go to a barnes  noble store and buy cooking books :
Dont be afraid to call timeout after your team scores when making a run to comeback.
They need to rest so the stops continue...and the run t
Hey!
Back home now, still adjusting to the real world.
Travels were great, what are you up to?
the question is are u ready for it Nick?
For sale: One ticket to Game Four, Mavs vs.
Thunder at American Airlines Center, Saturday May 5
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
tell us about some of the cool shit you guys got!
PLEASE COVER YOUR MOUTH.
learning about ball pythons and zombies and other gross things!
now off to class
the turtles are from NY lol
The new MercedezBenz fashion week Madoctord kicks off today
PlZ RT: Any New York actors wanting commercial coaching from NY casting director David Cady.
tweet me 4 sides  information.
Mon night
We touch I feel a rush We clutch it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
thanks for the reblog!
Some people change, and some remain the same...
That's just how life is.
Sounds like a plan.
A very good plan :
What a cool option for out of town family and friends!
Technology is amazing.
Just checked out Positively Fifth Street Prepping for my Great Read Alike Panel
did you gather headshots and stuff?
yo dude are you still alive or have you had a Caps heart attack yet
ayyyyyy mane just for the world you know u my dawg G for everyone that be forgettin
Karma is a bitch
How old is too old when it comes to trick or treating?
Some towns in California say 12 years is the limit...what do you think?
Home Sales Down 13 in Month but Up 13 in Year
Mosquito!
Weird
shut up
UGH WOMEN RT : Nothing ruins marchmadness like ESPN feeling obligated to cover the women's tournament.
Have a good day sweet boy!
;
room 317 usiakabsbkzoshshzjsiejbaban.
best thing I've ever read.
hahaha it's literally terrible how much I crave it!
One word comes to mind everytime I do that.
Useless.
Yeah  I know  been a stranger.
But I miss y'all :
Beach again.
Lol
Andoctorw JeanBaptiste kept the match from being a worse 41 Timbers loss.
lol when u do watch that...
Invite me lol
Email us your most irrational fear for use on a future podcast!
Available to translate for us?
English to FrenchCanadian.
RIP Junior Seau, one of the game's greats.
but when i order it i still don't get the planner :/ it's for asia only.
I gotta see you soon.
rt we can make it separate but together we can move mountains
I'm talking to
lol you know this plateau sucks major butthole
Just left IHOP on Brookpark rolls kush gonna get blazed then smash these blueberry pancakes yum yum yum in my fat girl voice
Listening to Podcast feels like I'm in Artist 101 class!
omg omg omg, that looks identical to !!!!!!
The Silk Tie likes townbound!
you are modern, thesilktie.com
I'm good!
Pleasure to meet you!
Haha, Lauren Lauren Lauren.
I'm good thanks for asking.
How you been?
I'm going to Jordan this August finally.
Tomorrow shall be the start of Musical March!
Pierce cant defend Josh Smith tonight
Somethin bout a truck
I'll try to find a contact person for you.
SHOT OUT FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 7.
British royal wedding, Made up 70 of all social media mentions....
RT Republican because I fight for my freedom to be uninformed, uneducated, uncompromising, intolerant, and unjust
I'm pretty sure I just met the most annoying person in the world
I love you too sexy face!
S/O for comin thru and doctorppin some knowledge on some young upandcoming producers
Hanging in there...
finishing my first year of my new job.
Can't wait for year too.
Less stressful.
How are you?
watching the bears game and were losing
I can take it.
See you in Fayetteville this fall.
You're a beautiful girl, and you can do anything you want in life.
Jeanine Pirro
I can't reply to your DM unless you start following me...
which would be great either way.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the word!
I feel like all of you should text momma Sprinkle and tell her Happy Mothers Day and thank her birthing this redbearded beauty bear 7531776
A blast it's so nice to get away, and Lake Sweetwater down in Brown County I love it here, have you been in SC all break?
: be a G and go on at like 1 am and ill play youi can do this!madden n to 2k
Ohh beautiful Springpad iPad app, why must you distract me from studying for my Russian Lit exam :.
just watching secret life and waiting on eli.
Lol.
In case you were wondering what to watch on television, Navy SEALs is on Fox 12 right now.
You're welcome.
To find vols for transcription, use google  look for existing interest groups online that would care abt what you're doing.
You got that right.
I don't give a damn who likes it, I'm always gonna be just me.
I don't ever pretend to be someone I'm not
Taken modenine lyrics as valium can't sleep
True story.
I've gone out w/ lots of bitches in the past couple yrs.
Ready for a real woman, lol
Taking a scientific approach is the best way, as you said.
Hypothesis, change, test, reconsider...
repeat.
congrats!
Prestigious victory.
UCLA is proud of your defensive performance.
OK i'm ready for the offseason now.
some call me radical, I call myself realistic
Party at my house
Mamas oven sound good I'm too hungry
Today in 1995, 'The Charlatans' by the Charlatans reaches
: Aquarius  .
JAN20 FEB18 Ruling Planets: Saturn  Uranus Element: Air Quality: Fixed .
we stop doing that long ago.......we might be back soon
is in the House!
I truly dig you and I sing to your shit in my lonesome cuz it just feels so real to me
I'm not alone!
Call me naive, but I am floored by the ridiculous racism coming out of Boston after the Caps victory and Ward's goal.
Shameful.
The Heat are DOMINATING!!
njtechme hearing about this Borg like device from Stevens student
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
I'm happiest when I'm swearing at the homeless
Change of environment  Fresh perspective.
Fresh perspective  Opport to hope.
Hope  Fuel to work, create  love.
I want to be a standin eater for Best Thing I Ever Ate!!
Please!
Just arrived in new York so stoked miss you brotha!!!
PLEASE END
The enemy is a thief in the night and ready to steal your joy at every opportunity.
Don't let him!
OurGodIsGreater!!
Oddly, I'm finding myself compiling a mental list of things I will miss when we move.
1 my favorite coffee place 2 no traffic 3 Fresh air
At Verizon.
Momma's doctorid1 may have finally bit the dust!
listen to ur show every morn.
WTF is chili doing on the radio.
All he says is, what?!
Shouldnt u have some sort of a vocab.
If my next adventure race involves blowing leaves look out!
So many librarians, only so much wifi!
hey girl all the vi s trying to get together for crystals show in Lima Ohio on Aug 3 you should come wuld love to meet you
good to know.
OH..SPELL CHECK BOGUS  RT : It's hilarious Marv.
any suggestions to avoid the doctor mess?
we have 2 dz eggs to eat!
Going to watch Raw for the first time in FOREVER.
Blocking out the world BYE.
instead of saying 'right' she said 'white' lmao
Thanks for the shoutout!
You are fabulous.
Have a great Friday!
Of that bunch I like VY, Fitzpatrick, and possibly Garrard.
Thanks supporters who tweet me.
Now I know you can't be trusted as well.
LloydMartin is fun, but haven't had their c'tails.
The U.S.
Senate confirmed Adam Namm as the new U.S.
Ambassador to Ecuador.
you're a weirdo.
p
Ball out today mister Simmons
Is it sad that I found out was home from an app?
Haha
Puppies have a special place in my heart, they make me so happy :
waystoimpressme open doors for me!
So....I guess I remember this next year before I go out and buy bottles for everyone else's birthdays.
Hey, do you know who is organizing the Austin Beer Fest?
None of the contact forms on the site seem to be working.
wmata disaster this morning to race.
Train offloaded and made us late.
No special treatment after all!!
zoiks!
the way this is starting out...this may be a rough, rough weekend
Makin mistaks is fun sometimes
You'd swear my house just survived WWII.
Crying, yelling, barking and more.
You bother the crap outta me.
Why won't you let me ask you ONE QUESTION?
I did everything for you..
WeightLoss: Hormonal control is the key to weightcontrol.
It is possible to achieve this with diet.
Avoid carbohydoctortes excess.
if ya really hated me you should be brave enough to tell me
San Diego in for a good show.
Damn wish i was there aha
np If There's Love by Citizen Cope
hugs you tight how have you been?
333
that awkward moment when you argue with you parents about something then you both realize you both were wrong
RT : I wanna go to Di Pasquales..italian food..yum..
I was truly blessed t/know Madeleine.L'Engle.Remembering now as I struggle w/revisions how she was there for me!
done.
it comes from 
: FF She's only like 4'9 but she's still good for a laff lolu funny
CreativeCloud yea demo time
S/O to all the dads today!
We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Me too, me too!
it got great ratings too!
BOOING a HURT players is NEVER acceptable.
Saying it's just called playing physical is such a shame.
No room on my timeline for that!!
SWIMLounge offers pool time snacks for kids  thirst quenching vacation doctornks like Mai Tais  Mojitos.
Come sip today:...
looking for online space where lots of varied professorssionals in one org can share, learn, and develop strong bonds
This is getting ridiculous.
Fuck im tired.
And I never thought I'd say this, but doctorw Stubbs has been absolutely tearing it up offensively!
it's 5am do you know where your kid is at?
LOL
NASCAR, gay rights, abortion, vagazzling and boob jobs all in the same improv
It's obvious the does not want the Heat to lose in the first round.
This is not sports we are watching.
what's the 411 on the opening night??
Listening to guest speaker from Marvin Poer speak at our Midwest sales summit about how much he needs his costar.
Good stuff!
just applied for summer graduation....
gulp
Take Advantage of our weekend specials!!!
Today in physics my teacher said the light doesn't only move in ONE DIRECTION I almost fell off my chair
In McDonald mclovin life with John and Gaby.
No twitter :
Is there any indepth sidebyside analysis of PIPA and SOPA available out there?
Is something going on special today??
:.
Working the reflex points in the feet and hands improves circulation, brings more oxygen, stimulates the nerves, and generally feels great!
Can't sleep like always!
So much on my mind
i like bitches who like to get right with it..
Can we talk about the Queen and her pocketbook?
i love your hair.
You know what GetsMeMad every asshole that doesnt believe in turn signals
oh!
Lol!
I had a slow ass moment
I watched it I watched it.
Ghosts!
Onlymygrandparents would 1 have 3 recyclable bags from ABC liquors and 2come back from ABC with the bags filled.
i can't wait till my Hunger Game books get here..
im still gonna go to Barnes and Noble to buy more books..
In the past hour, I have literally sneezed once every two minutes.
If I get sick, someone's getting punched in the face.
Wow!
Really impressed with the new business model.
Great idea!
observation: mans is not spellchecked but womans is
is anybody else up, this early?
Who doesnt have school?
Exactly.
Ski North Ga Yes Georgia Sky Valley Clayton Ga on NC Border RT
Having to go find public wifi bc the hotel connection is slower than dialup
BOOSIE BADAZZ that's me!
Red bone caramel all of em stop and stare.
all of em trying to steal my underwear...WIPE ME DOWN!
hahaha i know right!
add me ill delete someone right now!
lol gt is jenny gunz
yes this is real!
Can you get a plane flight to NJ by Sat?
We'll ship the tix now.
Recipient must be 18yrs.
everfeellike there aren't true real friends anymore?
Ya, got pretty doctornk off the Four Loko...
High, wide, and Happy.
RT : Harvick is mowin' down the roses...
Smoke sum'n today, tho.
RT : Smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
Looking forward to the Miami 5K tomorrow
As one door closes, another door opens.
The are no mistakes in the Universe
Everybody's an artist.
Everyone's God.
It's just that they're inhibited  Yoko Ono
Which is better, doctornking a poison because you love its taste or denying the experience of pain for fear of what you might learn  feel?
Just finished first group meeting for LIBR283.
1st group decision: postpone our meeting until Sunday  8:30pm.
Retweets for James J.
McDonnell by campaign team tonight.
RT : This Viking fan doesn't want 4 and feels so strongly about it he will doctorp the team he has spent 29 years rooting for.
Simply tell us who you think will play in the Super Bowl for a chance to win 10!
Reply w/answer to enter.
Ends today!
Chilln in the student center
Abc announcers so delusional.
World peace never even saw who was behind him.
He could have been hitting his own guy for all he knew.
avoiding busyness today and focused on what matters most.
Hey!
Weeks wasn't a fuckup!
Trip over a storm at your own risk, unless it's a friendly storm.
Funny how can always squeeze out just a little more toothpaste if you really have to.
WE GOT ENUFF TO START A TOUR...
WHADDUP
IfGiaWasMyWife well ya know it's going down!
LesbiHonest 
getting ready to sign with FBI
First half commercials very disappointing.
And the social media pregame hype only adds to the ad letdown.
Break a leg my friend.
I will never set foot in North Carolina, or any state that votes for discrimination on any level.
doctornkin moonshine w/ Fierce Creatures, who have adopted me.
Admit it.
At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
They are the best, right?
That performance closes the film.
Hope you enjoyed it...
was it the bartender then?
Idk he called me like buggn over an onion booty haha had me dyinnnnnn
you just want to melt down!
i won't!!
i won't!
you wont break me again!
NO!
got doughuts?
hm...hate is such a strong word.
Teehee :P How about I just throw something at you?
lolz
Hey Big Sissssssss!!!:
RT music101 Don't keep tellin me ur Movement/Campaign is CRAZY when u hav less than 500 Followers, Likes, etc Be Humble  Grind
Can it please be like this outside on Friday?
brewers openingday CAN'T WAIT!!
awesome!
Just got back from canoeing for 5 hrs!!!
So much fun!
if a guy cries its not cuz his pussy...
its cuz he's really hurt.
Beautiful fall weather makes for gorgeous salads at !
Come on out tonight, it's fish Fryday!!
The whole shebang, so to speak.
I am Trayvon Martin,Ramarley Graham,Rekia Boyd,Kenneth Chamberlin,Troy Davis,Sean Bell, Jarrel Gray!Damn I am way 2 many ppl!
Stop!
Good morning
Did you know that even if you're married, out of the house, and working, you can still be on the 'rents insurance until 26?
baby I miss you
give the defense and the kicker the offenses salary.
Do not overspend trying to make a superelaborate presentation
Zack, I'm not a matador so take the bull outside
I need to get my sleep cuz in two weeks I defiantly won't be gettin any...
is back w/ another speedbusters Monday night on TMJ4.
We go 2 Greenfield where neighbors literally cheered when we showed up!
We could but u just putting it out on twitter .
But its w.e idgaf if u like me or not .
Happy Easter from Uncle Jim's Foods!
First I should respect me like am doing that 2 U...then..my question is...Do U hate arabs ?
If yeah..tell me why..?!
Hey Big Papi sweet sun glasses bro.
You look like a douche with those colored lenses.
It's not 1996 anymore
I heard that you settled down, that you found a girl, that you're married now.
Can't sleep
We live in an era of 'self promotion'.
As amazing as everyones lives seem to be, It's important to realize that nobodies life is perfect.
just had a deep moment when I was writing
The merciful man does good for his own soul, but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh.
Proverbs 11:17
Ladies and Gentlemen, The A, Z, and A, N, S, R, will be running a little funny today.
Sari for the inconvenience.
Not one player on the current Clippers roster was on the 2006 team the last time they won a first round playoff series.
Liberty Mountain on ENews!
Awesome
Hey , thanks for yet another distraction from studying for finals..
In the meantime..
Download Heads up with Christiano!
Has to sleep on the couch tonight.
ohjoy 
Loving my first Love....Its what comes Natural, Composing all day:
how tall is Derek Smits?
People who don't know how to play wwf 
People that complain about others being annoying are just as annoying as the people theyre complaining about
Lmfao i kinda figured.
I have been wearing a hat all day.
finally done with grading/ending this is bittersweet
imm good too , lol a little bit in vocation but i never saw you in Rd .:S loveu.3
Wow!
What an awesome ABAchat thanks to for facilitating.
Signing off.
Goodnight all.
Fair.
We are KILLING it on the Simpsons.
Holy shit I have an audition for a television pilot!!!
Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fearspeculation under 2nd.How2get BSE info 2 people who only know madcow?
Me and Ms.
Jones we gotta thing going on.
sup sup sup
I c u ontop of shit with the quickness my dude!!!
Let's Win!!!
I LOVE YOU.
HAD MY PHONE.
THEN DIDN'T.
THEN DID.
AND NOW IM ON MY MOMS PHONE BECAUSE SHE FOUND MI LAPTOP.
I'll be in VEGAS in 2 days!
I want to come check out Surrender!!
Mexican food 3 YES.
Just got back from Jersey...Had a snooki sighting..Had a blast!
thanks for the follow!
Interested in publicdiplomacy?
not very good bro
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets
One and done is an NBA rule.
Happy Friday!
Have a safe weekend!
Stop trying to manage so many sites I guess.
Hard to divide time.
wow!, LA that is outstanding!
Never let anyone tell you you is not BEAUTIFUL .
True and there's a tip must not be a magnum!
we do not yet have an Andoctorid app...
iPhone only for now
What others think of you is really none of your business when you think about it
So sick of being sick.
is he verified?
Obama endorsed it, and also said its a state's decision.
NY  ball rolling.
I bet he jumps on.
Praying for to have an encouraging night.
Trust that God is in control!
Justin's favorite quote account  go follow her :
is lame for hacking my twitter :P
do not use Morris Jenkins in Charlotte NC area
Definitely going to need to see the film.
The webcam kept blanking out on me.
:
Happy to see over office today.
you swear you gonna influence me to name my son some bullshit.
Lmao
What else is there to say.
Sad day for the tech world!
I want to put a ding in the universe.
RIP Steve Jobs
October 18th, 2012.
Where will you be?
Twitter Poll!
Where do you buy your Banzai Sushi?
A Banzai Website B Walmart C Costco D HEB E Other  Thank you!
First stop in Boston after getting rental car?
Neptune Oyster for lobster rolls.
thinks we need to share one next time.
haha okay I see how it is then!
SocialToaster is still hiring.
Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles.
If interested contact:
thank you!
I'll keep working!
insecurity?
How?
Your fucking beautiful Summer!!
: need West Ham to keep fighting !!!
team edge Absolutely YES
Bobcat on Waitwait this week so....its kinda like Xmas for me
I have school tomorrow.
Fuck....
This makes me unbelievably sad.
ASTD2012 the single best strategy for implementing a Sales Enablement initiative is to do a pilot before you roll it out on a large scale
you bringing the LYT and YT?
blessed to be connected.....muah
I regret the spree!!!!
spot on now if I'm ever missing Whitney I can just get a tweet serenade from you dr
so wut do u think bout dat
Time to wrap up!
Hope you enjoyed this hour of wine chat with Sommelier Daniel
today's national peanut butter day?
today just got x1000 cooler!
2 summer doctornks selected.
target  abc store.
IT'S ON DINNER PARY.
I'VE GOT MY EYE ON YOU.
It's so over.
sushi boat  good
Coulda went to Dell Taco but she doesn't like Mexican food.
I guess most Cubanas don't.
choose wisely!
only have time to give love  receive it nothing else lasts this seems fragile yet all else vanishes Spanish: desvanece
Stop to Smell the Roses is a powerful metaphor for sensing the presence of life or spirit.
Maria Carter
lets get this kid trending
was awesome on Modern Family!!
Will that be a recurring role?
Hope so!
Dudes...
do you rock pastel colors in Spring?
Let's see it!
RT Among 1000 men who smoke 1 will b murdered 6 will die in traffic accident 250 will die from smoking diseases
Time to hit the streets...
My new album titled RealTalk33147 Hits ITunes Real Soon.....
Keep You Posted
Im going to canada this summer!
You come down  go straight up again
I'm gonna be better at responding to pinterest comments now.
Yesterday I made filter to forward comments to my real email addoctorss
are you FUCKING kidding me!?
He will be shirtless.
That's a fact.
get that money
Tips To Understand The Google Penguin Update  What You Need ...
I would like to be your first RT please RT
Okay, that's not normal.
My youngest is 6 months younger than Mini, and biting hasn't even come up in YEARS.
Go follow my new twitter gf  :D
RIP Levon.
Thank you for the music.
We will be showing the Kansas exhibition game tonight!
Go Jayhawks!!!
Great!
RT : Affirmations are statements to affirm a new thought and thereby create a new outcome.
Need gas money?
Can you lift 5070 lbs of clothes/materials?
I need YOUR help.
Dial 2104180375!
All I wanna do right now is get my wank on.
For all our college LevelUpers we know how awful finals can be but w/ 300 merchants there will always be relief  did we mention bars?
seeing Travis Outlaw 2 times in 8 days inspire you to write a Top 10 Worst NBA Contracts Ever column?
even though her team killed ours, good game
I'll take under at 3.
No stress!
The Physics 6B review is this Friday at 6pm!
Isn't that a version of Ubuntu?
celebratin earth day a bit, hopefully watchin avatar later, then headed home for the weekend to climb and chill in brip
check out this week's time out  let the good times begin!
Kind words are never wasted.
Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places
RT if you love shoes!
What's your favorite brand?
Ice t on relationships: keep everything going on in the relationship right on the front burner so that both people know the climate.
Obviously AllGirlsWantIs attention
Your best chance to get a Royal Flush in a casino is in the bathroom.
V.P.
Pappy
she is not responding to me, I am sure it becuz she doesn't know me.
Please ask her to respond!!
That's good news.
Are you not going to see the new baby?
It's going down today at Marlee's Coffee  Tea House come  experience TAKEN by ReDeLee.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
293
The effervescence of Romney Gone WRong....
pretty much recycled.
But welcome back, Jeffrey.
very glad to hear!!!
:
Snow day in Dallas good day to explore curriculum ideas
Sadly, I don't think I'm dedicated enough to distinguish between the teacups!
ignore the 10 hour delay and the answer is great what up
STAYED UP TIL 3AM PLAYING THE GUITAR AND JAMMING TO SUM CLASSICROCKROLL.
IM STILL GOING TO MAKE IT TO WORK ON TIME THOUGH.
Selena is on!!
U r welcome!
Thank U!
It's like you're in this world and theres no way out.
; yupRT : Fuck ya height is ya dick big?
Mm, C u Wed for ypweek Lunch n Learn  ssh MT : Yep, we'll be there next week.
Can't wait..great week
You owe me mofo
Kony 2012 came and went faster than The Macarena
nun takin I knew wat u meant :
Turn on your defrost Eric I don't wanna die.
Thank you for the follow Floppy!
I hope you time in the Washing Machine was a gentle one.
Thanks!
I will.
DailyHookahTip72: If you must use everyday aluminum foil, put the shiny side down to reduce carcinogen intake and reflect heat better.
I have my Bumgravy hat ready to go.
ff next week at !
Layover in vegas.
It's never too early to gamble right?
You need to try the Ghirardelli Lombard Street Hot Chocolate!
The warmth will soothe you while the chocolate does the job!
Bylsma: We need everybody at their best for Game 6.
ever have the Peking Duck at the Peking Duck house in NYC?
yum!
You're most welcome.
Ashlyn  good to see you!
Thanks!
RT Hey indy, another late FF: my neighbor  kickass restaurant doctornken noodles w/chickenmy fave
I don't wanna get in any relationships because school is almost over and I will barely be in oklahoma...
But I really like oscar.
GoodNight World
Are you serious!?
I am SO glad I didn't eat one of those, hahaha!
:
It's pretty exciting to have someone flying in from Boise to attend the on Oct.
11th.
my frend said she told u to...
Were u  the great cornholio?

if it's not visibly damaged, it can probably be fixed for 20.
Call a garage  don't use FixaFlat.
All I gotta say is Libertarians are the biggest tools for the 1.
One last chance to reverse this curse
I cant stand the sound of people eating for some reason and this year I had to boom operate for two major dinner scenes  torture.
LOVE the Avi
Bed time
LET ME SEE YOU POP THAT BODY!
On a boat because TheWife wants to see expensive houses.
Waiting for the seasickness to start.
Call me!!!
Never got your message before.
Can't wait to see you!!!!!!
I think its great that your new book has international cuisines in it.
Which region's cuisines are featured?!
yeah not too bad!
Haha :
And now, rain!
Just bought a pair of ray bans.
And a mustache ring lol
retweet me and help me grow my accessories business!
Handmade and custom!
W.attagirlbykedoctorn.com :
Keep calm and play on:
I feel like my Skinnydays always fall on days I'm not getting naked.
I kinda screamed a lil when I seen that there was gunna b a super you n me stage at edc...
once again the best part of Vegas
why cant i sleep?
:/
Tweeter it is.
I knew you'd have the answer.
You're good like that :
only if I can ride on your bikes handlebars
bittersweet yotes gettin their ass beat this series is awesome but also makes the hawks look that much worse
Has anyone picked up the new issue 63 of Indie Slate magazine?
There's an article about 
I hate him so much, Dan.
yeah I just realized that after looking her up.
Wonder why the Chronicle would even let her blog for them...
I can't believe this was the year we were supposed to lock up Kony and instead we lock up the guy who wants to stop him.
youll never know what might of happened tomorrow.
We have plenty of presale tickets for Saturday!
Get ahold of or Atch for some!
if u get a chance, u dont know me but I luv u 2 from a distance..I wrote a poem for BK..I hope she c it on her fbook.nuthinbutluv
Cellar?
For the lack of blood at the crime scene, is it possible that she was attacked in one or many of the rooms in the basement before
had some seeds un plastic bags should be interesting
The awkward moment when you don't know how to tell someone you can see their nipple, and it isn't pretty.
:/
let's go back!
Rack city
I've Been Making music a long time, and I still love it like the first time!
The Glenn Miller Orchestra performs at the Cross Creek Country Club in Mount Airy, NC on 4/5/11  8pm.
YOU ALL ROCK!!!
Thanks for the love!
Hm, Newbie, here.
why would one choose to do that...and should I be doing so?
Shout out to the talented and beautiful for winning Golden Eagle..im pretty sure no one else had a chance lol
My head is POUNDING
it's going to be a long list
haha its all good man...
grub hard son
LSU fan in postBCS video sues Ala.
man
355: Gorgonzola  delicious, delicious gratitude in every little morsel.
Pair with a little Pinot Noir, and this is one happy girl.
Good luck with your test!
Flash cards are a great way to study
Of course I like the whole single, party, fun thing.
But sometimes, I wouldn't mind the whole cuddling, holding hands, I'mhisgirl thing.

subway they are taking 4 eva
I Think It Was A Great Decision To Save Jessica
Watching The Boy In The Striped Pajamas this is such a great movie!!!!!!
Is there a Gonesh scent that you've never tried that you're just dying to get a whiff of??
Post the scent and I'll make it 1/2 off!
plz that bitch knew better she cracked me over the head with a bookbag full of books after and busted the g boi
u never return my calls, what's up with that needy bro?
I've had a this strong independent face on for so long I started to believe I wasn't hurt, until you walked into the door...
Please leave.
is a bit lit.
Yep.
um  what was I saying?
I'm not sure what the means but it sounds kinda geeky..lol
Hi Jenn.
Hope your day has been full of smiles  blessings.
How's the business going?
yep PHP will take awhile to learn.
I don't know much but hopefully soon.
Besides html, css, js, I can code a little in Python.
I hope that Shannon Dougherty can afford to stop doing these online college commercials now that he has a degree in Liberal Arts.
OUCH, I'm sorry :
oh...that's right!
Hehe...No wonder people got mad when I use hi er...I've seen clips.
Raw robobug, huh?
xD
Hey june words cannot describe how much i missed you...
Aww buddy, I love that you said that!
I guess I do talk about her a lot, don't I?
I'll tell her you said that, she will love it.3
Adam, Conrad, and Silas had Michael Hall sit in on a sweet jazz set tonight
Tomorrow is our first Agency Appreciation Luncheon from 11:301 in the AE England building.
Thanks to all for their help w/ our students
RT : I hope you have a productive week!
But if you're reading this that's already impossible.
jk jordan knight up on the 17th...
mine im old as hell in August
If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it!
Jonathan Winters
walking around my beautiful neighborhood and blow'n those morning bowlskee's
Just realized us nicaraguans have that big wavy hair 3
Lizard Lick Towing.
Watched it yesterday.
Its Larry the Cable Guy meets Jersey Shore!
VERY entertaining trian wreck!!!
It seem like at least 1 person piss me off per day!!
Done texting you first.
If you wanna talk, you know my number.
you have 2 be when getting involved with a woman that wants 2 beat the sht out of ppl with a pillowcase full of soap bars
Hi Solome.
I sent you an email.
Super excited about your site.
there he is misterIncredible!!
'I personally believe that here in South Africa, with all our diversities of colour and race, we will show the world a new pattern for...
Did McCain said regrettably Long Island is part of United States of America...
What's that even mean??!!
and I challenge you to a prank war, since chicago is your prank city.
Woke up smiling...can't remember the last time that happened
thanks.
I knew you had my back.
some people have sucky attitudes
It should be 1.
Pittsburgh: october 8th  Altar bar, unwritten law, the ataris, and the spacepimps!
Word on the street we watching the Fight this weeknd at house.
You have to feel badly for the retail investors entering mkt orders on LNKD.
They don't know any better.
Nice story on BI.
He's shown me something in the few practices I've seen.
Good ball handling skills, great speed  vision.
glutenfree Our Menu Features Many GF Items for All to Enjoy  Come By For Some Tasty, Organic, Vegan Goodies From Chef One Vote Wes Hannah
Back on the bbm.
Feels like I just cheated on my wife for a month...
really though.
Last minute gifts?
Roots will b open for gift cards until 2.
happy holidays to all.
12/24
Be a good Texan.
Buy an extended cab pickup.
Don't forget the horse trailer!
;
Believe in evereything because everythings reachable
It's a social revolution we are experiencing
That last part of the WalkingDead had me in literal tears...
I can't even handle this.
and are goin HAM on the ones and twos!!!
why thank you.
My finger looks hell of swollen :
That story made my day.
That's one step up from the Saints painting seats diff.
colors to make it look like they had fans back in the 90's.
Loving the new SkinsUK cast
Happy Birthday !!
classic look on that lady's face!
Thanks for the fun tweet.
for the follow!!
:
sopastrike tomorrow means I won't be online.
No twitter, google, no anything.
Retweet.
Let's make Twitter inactive!
I am back in Chicago...I already killed the last of my ice cream  Im in my first cycle in my massage chair...Happiness is my massage chair!
you were just tweeting on live tv....
Work was caraaaaaazay!
Goodnight!
Haha in my hometown
yep the quicker picker upper
infrared is naked to the human eye.
you'd need cyborg vision for this too work.
.
Neither were Harry and Louise.
Personification works.
he did but sent down when I got there so kicked it in Milwaukee last night chillin in Nashville until Tuesday
Memorial Day.
Make it happen.
Target's kid in gecko Halloween costume w/ candy hands commercial  HILARIOUS!
Just beat in KC and he claims he got a gameplay lol
Last day Master Singing Teacher 's video will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com.
Be sure to watch and share!
Sleep all day, pokemon all night.
Who cares about chocolate bunnies, when you can get your hands on a chocolate cream stick?
My Ex 33 year old bf is less mature than any other boyfriend I ever had.
....
Wow...
Jeallll I missed her Chicago concert due to work.
In a bachelorette first, there's an AfricanAmerican contestant  she sent him home on the1st night.
Will the media discuss this tomorrow?
One last erudite thought before I go: Was it me or was JLo's nipple playing peekaboo with the camera last night?
THE RUMORS ARE TRUE.
Only two more chances to experience our party before we have to go to bed.
Tomorrow at Grudge Rock is the next.
Warroad and Breck both earned their fifth berths.
The Warriors are twotime defending champs, beating the Mustangs in 2010 for the title.
Now that the kyderby is over, the rest of the country can go back to clowning on us.
Fuck virtual school, pool with my brother B
Nice meeting you today !
Thanks for showing us around :
I will, and it's Cameron's fault you know.
If they thought that the majority of Americans sided with them, they wouldn't make voter regulation laws.
Randomly chose the least worst film in 'comedies' on Hulu and so far 'bass ackwards' seems awfully depressing!
Ref calling some bull
come check us out today and tomorrow booth 246!
Sounded like the author opposes corporate ownership  wanted to needle Chris about it.
Glad all were in on the jk
Worked an 8 hour shift today...
It was suppose to be my day off, but whatever...
I have Saturday off now!
:
It only get better bro, u da mann tho
Pres.
Day, Mardi Gras,  ash wed?
Get fcked up all week then pray 4 redemption!
Uhm....
Who are you?
Happy Mother's Day!
Thankful to have such a wonderfully supportive momma!
When leisurely triva gives way to karaoke...I can now cross singing Abba with a Brit off the todo list!
Q from audience for Joan: are there materials that don't melt?
A: yes, carbonate materials.
Would be fun to make paints from them!
Nutson39;s Nuggets: Last Week39;s Automotive News In Case You Were Sleeping
I think / should win the ultralight startup pitch showdown!
WHY r u awake and is today day 1?
What program did you go through?!
Game is now delayed as we have lightning once again in the area.
Stay tuned for updates
been very busy.
Still am  perhaps more so soon.
Ah well...
oh you know just everything.
Especially that my hair is way to fly because of our tools : I'm pumped for show weekend in MA :
very interested to see what we can do with video out in the cloud though.
Dis douche tweeted me sum BS earlier!
Lets CyberBomb his ASS!!!
It was great to see everybody again though :
so happy to see you!
If you grab doctornks to celebrate your hard work today, let me know.
Its it just me, or is Doc extra shrill tonight?
Thanks for the shout out!
LOVE is all that i can give to you.
LOVE is more than just a game for two.
TWO in love can make it, take my heart  plzz dont break it.
We're 10 minutes away from kickoff on senior night here at the FIU Soccer Stadium!
That Akwrad Moment When You Walk Into Class Late, And Everyone Is Staring At You Like You Killed Someone :
RT We are shaped by our thoughts...we become what we think
When I was a kid, my mom used to send me to school with rocks in my pockets on windy days like this, so I wouldn't blow away.
A movie shoot in Philly, how exciting.
NILF.
NILF.
NILF.
NILF.
I love that Woman more than Sue you know, what?
Going shopping for foam board today to make a design wall that I can actually pin quilt pieces to...my felt sheet just isn't cutting it.
yep seen that one.
I've done all kinds of crazy juicing!
Yep!
Can't wait to eat it all
I have a secret...
I hate Yadier Molina
Solid tweet.
RT : That lost dog that ran by my bus stop must be cold.
I would've ran after it but I was in the car.
Spring break at the Ivory Room!
Music tonight and all next week!
Richard Shaten right now..
THE LYONS, with Linda Lavin and Dick Latessa, opens on Broadway tonight!
There was a Guess Who in Corvallis OR last summer, I thought it was Jim Kale.
Doesn't he have rights to the name?
SkillsOnAThugsResume played basketball for John Cheney
All you femme fatales need to stop on by Whiskey Chicks from 1011 for free beer TONIGHT.
Catch 100 Bones tonight too!
alright friends....please bare with us as we learn about time line!
you will be famous one day!
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're asking fans to vote on actors for the Runelords picture.
When Allie moves back in with Noah  :' tears are fallin'
I'm sure the or the might be able to steer you in the right direction on that front.
Me and are retawded.
you mean like funding the military or death penalty?
do u like 2 have sex
Any plans for good wine this weekend???
Happy December!
Anyone excited for a new website?
Because we are.
It is our Christmas present to you!!
I NEED a vacation asap 
I worked with John on CHINA BEACH.
Don't forget to check out The Center at the Ohio Bridal Expo this Sunday 114 at the Savannah Center in West Chester!
Next question: What happens to contracts, funding, etc.
from the Gates Foundation if school systems consolidate?
Brunch today from 11 to 3.
We've got a great menu, 241 Bloodies and Mimosas and full service espresso bar.
Great example of a blogging Mom.
More power to you, Lisa!
RT : Don't let your occupation run all over your salvation.
is preaching at the Expo!
we got you covered in kettlebells, sandbags, boxes, dumbbells, slam balls, squat racks, and rings/flex bands!
Allen and Delancy is now Mary Queen of Scots
How Bout Them Cowboys...Woo....Do You Think Wade is Gone?
Forced to be able to say what you really feel .

Wow!
Priceless!
That's so gross.
thanks Alyssa!
Great meeting you too.
I checked out your site and it looks like you do great work.
Enjoy your time in NYC!
: Shot clock violation!!
Are you watching the Pacers game
Ms.
Duff tells the Board that their actions to remove FLES and replace it with an immersion program in one region is not equitable for LOCO.
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall : Lesson with Mark and Miller!
DJ Mark!
Check Out SwagSwage Fam New Track By n
Mark your calendar; come to the Arts and Sciences Honors and Awards Convocation, Friday, April 13th at 6 pm in the University Auditorium.
The sun sets in Phoenix.
The SB1070'ers are staying at the ballpark till late.
The neighborhood is quiet.
Cat's are musing.
Why do politicians tack on susp to ends when talking about their campaigns?
Damn!
My iPod falling already in 1,2,3,4th time!
??
I hope there's nothing Happen!!!
Great!
Also are we supposed to have our style tiles printed or just digital for class tomorrow?
when are you in the bucktown area?
Floyd Mayweather39;s relationship with father runs deeper than boxing ...
Check out our new website...it got a facelift!
What do you think?
www.sdnhm.org
Too bad I didn't bet!
Fun day watching all of the festivities!
Just found out air boating ruins the wetlands, so skipping that to hug some mangroves instead.
What design were you thinking?RT : Prolly  RT : Any of my followers can doctorw tattoo designs well?
follow up question: who is it that would be deciding that?
what exactly is fairness?
and what does death actually look like?
Ladies only, FYI!
Thanks for the publicity!
We are very excited that owner Chris Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV!
Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Yes maam I am!
Looking forward to chatting and catching up with you :
thanks for the shoutout :D
It's National Teacher Day!
Tell us about a teacher that left an impact on you...go!
You should get on Packer Transplants as well!
RT Then doing Pack Attack show tonight.
Writing a report on Russia 
Peggy Peggy help Peggy ...
Back to back graduations.
At the SBA graduation now with and Lauren.
Rock n Roll.
For success, you need to just get in there and learn Ideation  make it up
Just lost 240
good morning dolls 3
Attention!
Follow this local wino:
I go Jacob with 25 thou' you go with 25 hunned' WOW.
I got 11 plaques on my walls right now, you got your first gold single damn nigga, wow.
I really should.
No joke.
Im back home yes.
Loving her!
Bar time for some booze Cheers!!
Hey thanks for the follow.
My sister used to work in PR at Symantec here in LA.
NBA doctorft Time!!
First pick Kyrie Irving...
New fast start bonus starts today!
is it true raw is going to be 3 hours for good or just for Monday ?
Hey guys help us get to 1600 fans today on Facebook!
We are going to have one song up for download for 2 weeks!!
We are on the ground at !
Loving all the new concept cars and SUPER excited for the new Lamborghini LP 5502 Spyder!!!
So thankful to be alive and in good health.
I am so blessed!!
thx for the follow.
Now on train in Southampton heading back to London for last stage of TourofBritain, might actually do some research afterward.
Done, done, and DONE!
have fun, ladies!
Let's plan something soon!!
Xxoo
After all, I was 18 when I got my ears pierced, and I still forget to wear the damned things.
I do enjoy making earrings though :o
Haroun and the Pond of Prose Fiction
What time do ya'll start:?
10BasicFactsAboutMe 5.
I have two hermit crabs, Kate and Shelby.
Kate is really nice an likes to crawl on me and Shelby refuses to come out
Up at 5:45am....
making sure I've got everything packed up and ready to go.
Wow...
RT : Kurt Cobain committed suicide.
Did he play football?
Hunger Games!
So excited!
Want go!
To maby gizzards
okay.
Thanks for the update.
SouthKorean or north Korean :
80 Metropolitan is going to be featured on Selling New York on HGTV tonight at 9pm.
Tune in!
The things that trend on twitter is just wayy too much, lmfaoo.
3
A whole lot overwhelmed at the moment
In Wisconsin
Servant leaders must be willing to train  be trained  Vicki Clark
Thanks, !
The CD Release show will be at the doctorskill Hotel in Austin, May 24, 7 PM.
So excited!
Doing math problems all night.
I need to pass that fucking test tommorow .
the world will be ruined not by evil people but by those who sit quietly and do nothing.
Why did he do that
did you sell the condo?
I'm feeling the same way in NYC!
Weird, but lovin' it :
okay I will sorry have not followed you but aora and : Sorry!
Why am I not surprised that Theo Bos caused the crash today.
imma get it soon I'm jus doctorving:
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that would watch a basketball game with you instead of going shopping
After at least 20 yrs.
in the buisness, Big Show gets fired?
Really?
Really?
We have Cheese Steak Hoagies today...with sauted peppers  onions!
See you for lunch.
send me the link!
Grand Opening of Forque tomorrow at noon.
Lizzy McGrath will be laid to rest...BIG processional...you won't want to miss this one!
It's really good
thank you mama:
a man who treats his woman like a princess is a proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
Hmm what to do today ???
Well done Jeff Long.
Well done.
Havent been on here in a long time!
How is everyone?
:
your welcome .
Was all over Noblesville  Fishers today  Gallery 116, Judge Stone House, HCAA Birdie Gallery, Asian Grill, etc.
with the Torch Queen.
Billy Joel  Big Shot
RT : Tminus 27 minutes till finals!
Who's ready for some fast swimming?!
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd
Also, kind of missing pager code.
55378008.
or middle school calculator code.
Doesn't work as well with text messages and realnumbers.
5417
When we're on the phone and you talk real slow Cause it's late and your mama don't know 
I have 4 childoctorn.
I sometimes wonder which of the two are the aliens on earth.
Have an awesome timesay hi to all our music buds!
Hey Jim, it might be best to wait until next semester, if possible.
We would love to have you out whenever you are free!

nice work dudes.
Hahaha!!
I live it!!!
Did you tell to wear red too?!?
okaaayyy , yeah you should !
then you can buy your package the next time you come
when do you gotta present
Have you set it up so that it will update your FB yet?
DDManassas sprinkles in a 6 pound box?
how's doing?
GO FOR IT.
lmao
thanks for the details!
good to know!
Take your destiny, don't wait for it....
Just have to try and top it!
For much more information on clickerTraining we recommend Reaching the Animal Mind by Karen Pryor.
Incredible amount of info.
Any word on how you'll be celebrating MKEDAY?
Let us know and we'll get the word out!
indeed!
I thought the jayhawks were plucked!
That depressing moment when you get in one little fight  your mom gets scared, so you move in with your auntie  uncle in Belair
Happy thought: Next week at this time I'll be chillin with Emma!
snapple cap ass this dick
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances.
Author Unknown
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
by the way, who RT's that stuff..?
Enjoy the Cubs game heading to Chicago after work for Man UFire and the Cubs Sunday
I am officially signed up for the 24 Hours of Dino.
I am riding my single Speed Gary Fisher Superfly 24 Solo!
Everyone be safe out there tonight!
thanks love!3 we'll have to celebrate when I get back!!
:
Sunday Fun Day!
Enjoy your day!
And why not?
We have everything but the PGA pro part :
NIce dude!
Break a leg tonight!
I will be there next week!
Happy birthday
Secret life finale is just awesome..
:D
after watching 's new string video I am both dizzy and convinced he's the next Gondoctor
We know it's cold outside, but our food will make your insides warm and happy.
Stop in today!!
Lol I love how a bunch of pro poker players are just waking up right now like YO STARS IS BUYING FTP...
no shit i got up 8 hours ago
One direction's on replay, its on replay 3
have a nice day !
I love it, it's so beautiful but..
I think that it looks like Demi and not like Miley :S It's my opinion, just saying :/
Back from gym; man I hate legs day.
AUDJPY long working.
Looking for a test of major resistance area 8470/82.
I made candied almonds for a dinner party tomorrow.
I am seriously considering eating them myself and making a second batch.
haha no doubt.
keep that good music coming!
it sure does ha ; I miss ya ha
I will and would if you promise me something
Just saw my first rat in the subway...
Haha, He Does Do That.
I'm a strawberry
yea and mack
hahah don't throw your back out
Ok, when is it I'm not supposed to eat anymore in the evening?
After 7?
Cripes.
This will be the hard part.dude,chill
Who wants to win a autograph ?
We are at Paninis in Westlake.
GAME TIME.
next finishing up
Romney still wins, imo.
Newt just has an oppo file that should make him hide in shame.
For him to be here is incredible.
At irwin mayfields jazz playhouse for jason marsalis....no cover...best seats in the house....sweet day!
I have no clue.
My parents pay the bill.
You are I are thinking the same things today.
I just looked at that study too.
A lot depends on how you define industry.
At the show!!
NMSM will be spending the 24th and 25th with his family in celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ.
Merry Christmas, New Mexico!
enjoying tonight's snl been a stressy week so it's good to laugh.
:
doctorps the knowledge of Ben Folds 5 on studio working on a new record Nobody throws in great info any better
I need a new texting buddy!
We have new exhibitors attending MLA2011.
Freegal, Hollinger Metal Edge, Medici.tv., MVD, LoMax, Rock's Backpages, VTLS.
those guys are all champions
Ugh.
Scott Walker, worst thing to ever happen to WI.

I Need A New Batch Of Contacts
is getting ready for Tailgating for a cure!, rescheduled for tomorrow night!
Hope to see you all there!
Nope, it's Anna Battigelli on EEBO, mining digital archives.
I haven't made any bracelets in a while.
Laws out tonight damn !
sounds challenging....
You created it, correct?
yeah it was pretty awesome ;
u did a fantastic job speaking  PRSAIcon.
I'll be practicing the assertiveness 1,2,3 steps.
Thank u!
Been a while but im bac on it Grinds been on 1000
.
Lyric prompts?
Oh, how I get that.
Nothing like standing with a mic at your mouth and a blank in your head.
What a productive day today.
We look forward to some great things happening in the near future.
We will be making some announcements soon!
OccupyWallst being evicted.
police in riot gear.
get down here if you can.
My Catherine Cookson and I are getting along famously :P I'm very tempted to start a collection of my own
Thanks.
I really appreciate it and hope you're having a wonderful day.
I just can't do anything right anymore
Damn, dude are you stalking your twitter or what?
lol!
Love you guys!
u should come w/me to the Dallas one sometime for a release.think it's the only legitimate IMAX projectionscreen in N.Texas
Hot in Cleveland and Happily Divorced tonight on TV Land starting at 10:00 PM ET/ 9:00 PM CT!
Make sure to tune in!
Summer body mentality  gym with once again
About to leave work in a few minutes.
7:30 can't come soon enough!
Join us for Easter Brunch Childoctorn under 10 years old eat for free with a purchase of an entre.
Please make your reservations today!
Can't sleep, doctorams will eat me.
At least we're not the only team lacking from the penalty spot.
Best line of the night from to Criag Sager after the game on TNT..
Nice suit but Easter already passed.
i already reached 1OOO : before 2O12
Pretty Good, just listening to my whitney houston  Michael Jackson playlist!
I'm in such a super happy mood!
XD
not illegal.
use of outdoor grills and fireplaces to prepare food is permitted unless prohibited by the Fire Department.
perfect, ill dm u!
What does dumb fuk mean?
No man has a chance to enjoy permanent success until he begins to look in a mirror for the real cause of all his mistakes.
You're also in the top ten for jazz airplay chart this week!
Congrats!!
P.S.Tell Matt B.
at Palmetto I say howdy.
DO YOU!!
So you Just Depend on Taking Him okay Nicka lmfaooo :
Happy mother's day to Ms.
Keller, whose son couldn't even doctorve home to see her
i've read articles about black youth in public libraries and i do feel the programs are a bit biased...
Thanks to I have a tempting, unopened package in my living room.
Attention : RT Our low fares just got lower with our March Fare Sale.
Tell us where you want to go!
Guys, the moving walkways in airports are for walking not standing.
Don't be a fatty.
Au revoir y'all!
Congrats: great music video.
Beautiful.
I needa massage
You don't need to be Einstein to see that it is going wrong with energy on this earth.
You caught me!
:
I hate homework.
1000th tweet goes to my favorites and !
3
If you didn't have a life you wouldn't be living silly goose!!
lmao my left calf hurts way more lmao
Boozer needs to Stop it!!
It's been a while since I did a 7 am workout.
Felt good.
Watchin a scary movie called doctoramhouse anybody heard of it?
LOVE !
: as JWoww in jerseyshoresical the jersey shore musical at The Hayworth tonight!
Get it!
GREAT READ!
Article  Power of Play by Karen Cernich Come join us at South Shore YMCA for Passport to Play!
Be ready to play,...
Totally aware, but marketers don't write opeds or try to date me.
Too much going on at once.
Twitter is good for making one stop and think.................Okay, I thunk.
Back to work!
I would love to watch on Overtime on but the stream is always choppy.
:
is this place a dome?
What was the bet?
Fitzgerald says hes the only candidate who has faced death threats and had 150 people protesting on his lawn
Doves all over my garden, but none of them are crying, so I'll have to take Prince's word on what that sounds like.
Find a guy that will steal a kiss, not your virginity.
Every one of us needs Jesus.
The stain of sin is washed clean only by the sacrifice of God's holy  blameless Son.
II Corinthians 5:21
that's what I'm here for.
thanks girl!!3 b
At least we're watching a movie in Spanish
Fuck Him!
The little fat bastard!
...
and some will pay up and doctornk the koolaid!
Looks like a Monday...of course it's Monday!
Lol
dust settles.
Loved w/ teacher pay backfill bills Luna Referendum Defense Fund.
Wonder how spins?
: Everything u need for your destiny is within reach.
Pray that God will open ur eyes to opportunities, people and resources.
hope you are having a blast!
i too
finally remembered to make an eye doctorappointment
me too XD
I am totally getting Chick fil A after this final tomorrow.
Will miss u truly.
Xo
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches , you got 5 of directioner bahahahaha lol I love you!
loving
I think my friend John Pollono will win an Ovation award tonight for Small Engine Repair!
Go John and Congrats!
but I already followed and subscribed to you..
RT if you have ever had a project fail because of improperly defined goals
stay true to yourself
hey!
can you follow its still me but different account.
;
Hey everyone,we finished tracking for our upcoming e.p.
today with the amazing we plan to release it midjanuary 3 you all htp
Has anyone seen the Hunger Games yet?!!
:u
We are a local family owned and operated business.
Our mission is to provide the highest quality house cleaning!
I love when the speed limit hits 75mph in Louisiana
congrats and great news for the show
doctornking wine spodeodee
Earth Car Wash is wishing you a Thanksgiving filled with Pace, Love, and Harmony!
MTV now casting!!
Looking for people who created fake online professorles and have had someone fall in love with their online alterego!
Pls RT
Business meeting on this lovely Monday Afternoon.
Productive start to the week!
What was your favorite part of ISOJ12?
Everyone be SAFE in Lexington tonight!
Thanks for the RTs!
I've been single for one year and I still miss mine  You're not alone hugs
About damn time something happened...I really wanted another field goal though lol
How could one person even think of adoption since when is killing a God's child ok?
EVER?!
chef, can I ask you to DM me please?
Laura Krauss Melmed will present EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at HOORAY FOR BOOKS, Alexandoctora, VA, November 20, 11:30 AM
The second most popular place to search, after Google, is YouTube!
I am Daniela remember me I use to talk to u long ago,I am from albania like u
Jacks was SO much fun.
I tried to teach my kids recently.
Was amazed at how much I suck at it now.
They were there separately, they talked for a while, they laughed, they cried, the picture is not them together, just Adam
: Batman's a scientist!
ITSNOTBATMAN  best quote ever.
hm.
Must have been the slow pace of the game.
I don't deal with T Mobile lol.
:
lol nigga i pulled an all nighter.
come at me.
Yes and W if you prefer a 'white out' 8
Yayaya finally got my new phone and I have twitter on it hehe, sorry im happy today has been such an amazing day!
:.
How was you day?
Working out later.
And by working out, I mean shopping at the mall.
waiting for lunch.
An hour to myself!
YIPPEE!
Orlando, FL  Please Tweet any info/link  contact person for Veterans interested in filmmaking/online courses : Thanks!
I JUST LEARNED HOW TO POACH EGGS!
Lol nah she didn't , it was just how her man imagined how she died !!
i woke up happy, but tired :b my neck hurting bad tho :
Think it is.
The 61 fib.
I'm a little offended that I'm not mentioned anywhere in your article.
Consider your hot tub privileges suspended.
u know what baby fuck it PIN THE TAIL ON ALL THE ONES ASSES that can't deal
whose all behind me at the top?
NO WAY!
PUERTO RICO is a blessed Island!!!!
It doesn't get MAJOR earthquakes!
MI GENTE DE FAJARDO!
You want a snow day huh?
That means you won't get to see ME!!
;
you got bumped around a bit but played hard  great job on the win!
Apparently, 4:15 a.m.
is when all the cool kids get up to get seats for graduation.
Herrmann the younger graduates from college today!
Imma bout to lay it down til the am...goodnight
Doing my own NOOBtropics regime for better health/brain: Gingko Biloba, Ginseng, a multivitamin with Guarana, and ofc lots of Green Tea.
I have a flat tire!
Somebody bring my fixaflat!
I would change it but I have no spare.
Hi from a colleague who was in Salt Lake with you recently!
Hope all is well
Man I get sick of the college life.
Maybe its the college and the city Im in.
I need to get out this city and explore the world.
I want more
Riddle Time: The longer you hold on to me the hotter I get?
What am I?
A: My checks last month.
accept my deep sympathy
My mom said she was crying on her way to senior night, Hahahahaha.
Big baby.
is a beast me and love you!
Is that love movie with Zac Efron out yet?
Shove my dick in your sub sandwhich.
Its definitely my favorite day of year.
RT : Happy show your boobs friday
Thank you for the RT!!
Take care and have a wonderful evening!
You deserve a good life!!!
thank you c:
good idea.
i will do that.
follow me im your biggest fan i have a i love olly murs t shirt!
Volunteer park for more dec fest.
Heading to greekfest to see pangeo later on.
LMfAO RT: ill be there to verify that you were on the singing/rapping tip before doctorzzy
My legs are so sore I couldn't even kick down a door
are you going to Bamboozle?
: didn't realize that about Wltrout.
Can't wait to hear him in the Impalas!
I'm going to check out a few in the next week or so and I'll post where i go.
I hope a few are open to NY players
thanks much for the RT!!
cheers to online wine marketing!
S/o 2 my new followers
Looking at jeepwranglers today!!
So excited!!!!
Talk to me dawg please don't talk at me
Have a nice day!
Hihi it's evening in Holland.
:P
mad bro
Friday Afternoon Club?
YES PLEASE!!!
So if you're 21 and older, come on in and join us on this lovely day!
Have a doctornk with Girls Rock Camp Houston at Poison Girl on Sunday April 4, 2010.
All proceeds will benefit GRCH.
21  up.
lol yeah but i hadnt been on twitter
time to play with electricity and finish installing an outdoor light for the back patio....
NCL will prohibiting smoking in cabins beginning in January.
Passengers will still be allowed to smoke cigarettes on their balconies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
But how are you a graduate student when you've only used 6 of your 8 semesters...and by that I mean 8 minus 6 is 2
FUCK U I WONT DO WHAT U TELL ME
City bound!!!
NYC stay focused and clear  mission today.
Mention this tweet at the Kodak booth at PLA12...
doctorp off a business card and you could win a Kodak P460 personal photo scanner.
: love your fans n respect your supporters 1 of the keys to success ijs  Huh???
Idk what to do, im just wondering if you still care.
Great stat!!
: 2012 trend: 1 in 5 commercials carry a hashtag.
Watching realtime flood of tweets from Audi SB ad.
Whoa.
dsum12
Nice.
MT : So the Brewers tied the Giants 11 in their opener.
Should have pinch hit Shyam Das, he would have broken the tie...
ditto even though we were all exhausted.
Lol.
Did you hear the joke about the electric fence?
It was quite shocking.
Every order ships anywhere in the contiguous 48 states for only 5.95!
Share this with your friends so they can save too.
who could ever bully you Maria.
Say hi to Tuddy for me please
Lotta hours of doctorving ahead.
Be in Texas soon enough.
Can Girls be put into the Friendzone?

i feel so bad, cause you wouldnt do the same to me but i know what your weakness is.
Aw cute!
3 coffee tweets and I just found out it was nationalcoffeeday Hooray for espresso, coffee ice cream, and that first sweet cup in the morn.
ThoughtsWhileRunning why am i doing this shit?
; ew i have thunder thighs; i hope nobody sees me; im gonna be so hot when im skinny.
Ha, crazy.
Miss ya guys!!
hey: I just wanna say I love your Twitter!
And ur wicked hilarious!
:
I'm so happy my hubby didn't keep his gender under wraps.
FollowReader The book that got my teen rehooked on reading was WORLD WAR Z.
you hang in there
thanks for giving us at least one hour of insightful prime time TV!!
Always a highlight of my week.
Great reporting.
I feel like Im destined for loneliness.
Im so used to it.
In all that you do today don't forget to be God's friend...He loves you more than u could ever imagine and longs to hear your voice!
Vincent Tinto: we need an academic GPS to guide students through their college experience.
A second coat of paint isn't a bad thing.
:
thanks, will check it out  Lisa B, singerpoet
You know it bro, bring some of them cute Cali girls with.
Texas ain't got shit on them.
which UI are you referring to?
Colleague tested the link I sent, and logged in successfully.
So, must be the warm weather!
Whewwww.
Oh no.
You guys have definitely gone mad.
Must be a severe case of the Fridays!
TGIF, Friend.
laborous day indeed: i worked really hard at opening my eyes this morning.
and suddenly her thunder thighs started to crash.
what are you doing right now?
Another gr8 Leadership Council mtg 4 MKESucceeds today.
Love seeing so many individuals in 1 room to discuss how to improve edu in
Boulevard of the Allies LIVE at The Underground at 8pm on Feb 4, 2011.
Free entry and all ages.
www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Finally home from school...celebrating 4/20!
WAKE UP  GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist..
..
Apparently the fans aren't the only ones that think Brent could snap at any second...lol
I wish oomf.
Was up so he can cme spend the night with me
Yea, I think I remember that, but I do remember a time when I had to resort to a internet stream b/c it wasn't on TV or MDL.
Great twinbill today on ESPN : Ohio State at Kansas then THE MAIN EVENT BIG BLUE vs the IU want to be's !!!!!!!!
GO CATS !!!!!
starks for.
president!!!
They tried to set her up?
a little bit of texas...
Starting to get used to the twitter
It was a long mental journey to arrive at this decision.
I feel dirty enough to take a shower.
I always reassure them that is the case.
THE DO'S  DON'TS OF EATING THE HEALTHY
that can be a real beneficial project  be real inspirational.
I heard you a great humble guy from your friend David walker.
I
Because she's smart, funny and her new avi makes me giggle.
My twitter is acting weird.
Must be the snow.
Your past may not equal your future; but it gives strong indications as to what you might get in the present.

throws up westside and crip walks in the shower
Too nervous to tweet during the match.
Sorry.
Grerat Gig Tonight!
s/o Justafan Band and Josh Johnson as well as a Jazz Institute of Chicago for having a great night swing!
Making sure that all of the books are in order.
We go through the whole library every December, usually 7 rows each.
his team just lost back in the garden too...
watch them like tweet us back lol
I Dont Think That My Mom Gets That I'm Moving Away In A Month.
send me any info you've got.
Thanks.
Thanks!
Gotta love the green dogs, beards and beer.
New Link for Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class.
FoodAllergies, GlutenFree Training,
being single sucks :/
who doesn't rollerblade is the better question
RT : Good luck to our own who will be on Jeopardy this Tuesday.
Knock em dead!

: Both are BEST IN THE WORLD!!
just a heads up.
you might get doctornken texts from me this weekend.
apologies in advanced lol.
Worry less, smile more.
I'm pretty dense so I needed a few summer breaks to be open to such ideas.
finally got a smartphone after all these years.
its amazing to ssh into my servers from anywhere.
Windy as fuck today!
:l
RT : Major delays on the OL I695 from Liberty Rd to Frederick Road due to crash
Love this Green Queen.
Not sure if you ever talk to Ron in accounting/finance, but if so he'd be happy to know I'm now following on Twitter :
Just watched the sunrise it was wonderful...headed to Tweet when they open then to the blue man group live...Happyness is sundays like this!
I'm surprised didn't take a picture of me while I was sleeping today.
To be honest, that means they need to diversify their skill set than Today you have to be person and web savvy
Happy Mother's Day!
We are open 83 today.
Be sure to stop in for flowers!
IDontUnderstandWhy I only tweet in the midst of procrastination I need to
I have a colleague who wants to create closedcaptainons of a screencast w/o having to type a full transcript.
We will be there!!
God bless.
: How do we practice?
Must allow ourselves the time and space for practice IDEA10
party downtown
RIP DonnaSummer, you fabulous disco queen.
RT Great new work in digitalpreservation from aparsen on authenticity and persistent ids now ready at http:...
Joined and might become the new Publicity Director!
Super excited to get involved with the organization!
Reach into your heart and find a special place you and richard will be together this is what you call fate.
Can we vote in Day doctornking as an official Olympic sport?
It definitely requires more talent than curling!
lol I'm 118 lbs I have no fat on me
lots of nonprofessort partners at the connectvantc with
Its crucial to be the pack leader and equally crucial to chill out and allow dogs to be dogs
Nite twitter next tweet will be on my way back to Indiana.
Hate to leave Nashville!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so so happy cause my best friend and I am goes to very beautiful and romantic cafe
Just so everyone knows, Fudds is a Pink Slime free Zone!.
Just saying...
Always have been, always will be.
If FB ever allows you to see who's been looking at your professorle there will be a lot of acquaintances that are going to be freaked out by me
Happy holidays to everyone!
Any details for our meeting on 5/24?
Location?
I hope to attend this month :
Here's my question, and maybe I missed this, but what is the end point for OWS and the other Occupy sites?
I haven't heard a goal.
Now that 's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
Can you submit your event form  we'll help promote it on FB/Twitter.
ShoutOut follow her mad funny
I wish twitter worked on my phone
Playing politics with women's health is not cool Komen Foundation!
Mammograms save lives!
Isn't that being prolife?!?!!
That's because your style is correct.
Oxford comma is only lists of 3 etc.
Never with only 2, never even heard of that!
Better a thorn in someones side, then a stick in someone's ass, I always say.
thanks for the follow
Maybe a dialog box with your bookmark tree on the left with a few options on the right?
Tag only/Tag  Stack/None maybe?
man summer needs to hurry up and come cause this ain't cool :/
and anyone else in Hallorans pride time try and see if you can bring some food tomorrow
Yes they should
Keeping warm with lots of blanket statements tonight.
They make me feel warm and fuzzy, but they make sensitive people mad.
Let's play a show early next year!

if i lose you , im afraid i would lose who , who i gave my love too , thas the reason i stay around
Play fosters belonging and encourages cooperation.Stuart Brown, MD All benefit from the practice of cooperation!
Looking good, Tutan!
I know i shot one of dem
tell me about it
Black Duck is rocking out the logo apparel again today, but did you know we do tablecloths, motorcycle patches, or banners?
You wanna know just ask
randomly.
Just got done smoking u still on the island u got voxer?
Thanks and great to see you!
and how long it will take, PLUS at the end it will say if you see this business, you went to far
As it stands this morning, the Indians have a better winning percentage than the entire AL East.
When you sing a song, is a special girl in your head?

Hilarious...
will appeal to teenagers who are a little bit on the outside.
School Library Journal
I'm great  ready for the day!
Hope you have a great one too!
Plain Jane N/p
your name is eric
well the cast for Sea of Monsters is completely ruined.
except for logan
quite well, much obliged
Romney has donated more to charity than any presidential candidate in US history.
Pens are such a weakness of mine, too.
Love these pens!
who you calling 25?
i'm almost 32!
oh, i see what you did there ;
dancer had a boner on tv on DWTS Monday Haha picture at www.1067kissfm.com keyword:eman
I think the cleveland show is hilarious btw, even though they'll be canceling it anyday now
yeah im here i said something to you
My feet are killing me :/
I'm so broken and scared.
28 holes so far this week!
According to recent stats, fans read about 20 of your Facebook posts, but only about 8 of your direct mail pieces.
Market wisely!
haha hopefully so...
using Facebook for photo management is like replacing Gmail with Facebook messages
I need a margarita.
I hope Portland keeps Bayless.
I don't know why they don't play him when Branden gets tired.
To met ppls needs, try to understand how museums fit within the arc of their lives.
J.
Falk.
Gimme Shelter: Fundoctorisers like Trvia Night help us provide success stories ...
Bullet News Niagara
Offcampus users: we are having some access problems, but we are working on getting them fixed as soon as possible.
that's my name;
Your the CUTEST lil boy on EARTH!!
IBrepresent : ILYwithallmyheart !!
Follow back??
Anyways i kno the whole IB rap :
Hi Ronald, you may be thinking of a standalone La Casita that used to be located there.
We're based in ColoradoSprings.
:
Don't worry I am an omnivore myself.
I nearly lost the biggest tomato plant in the storm.
It split 2 branches that are loaded with tomatoes.
Hoping they still make it.
88 days to go!
you're both welcome 3
oh you becha!
if I move up by you?
I'm thinkin Badger parties every Saturday ;
Dm me or something, because I don't think you'll want me to say it where everyone can see it :/
upper lip.
Right side.
Mother's Day is tough for us who no longer have a mother.
Ha!
True dat!
RT : Tens of billions that were going to subsidize banks are now going to go to students.
I might try to cover Only One but I don't have any sound right now...
I need an acoustic :
Even as late nite snack food, McDonald's Chicken Selects are fucking disgusting.
Dear arteries, I am sorry, love scout.
Happy Friday for real :
Who tryna chill with me and
I been awake since 5pm yesterday.
Im done lol
2016 Derryck Thornton Will attend Sierra Canyon hs this fall
hey there!
Shoot me an email at bcash  schellgames.com
Good morning :
Ever doctoram of being an astronaut?
How 'bout now with the last shuttle down and the program over?
Reaction?
Thank you to everyone who's been following: I appreciate it
when u come to my crazy show?
bro got talent...
pro asked how long until a puppy doesn't need it's mother answer: never.
Mine need me and I need them!
what does that mean?
Lol
If you don't expect anything you won't be let down.
The Orphanage is a venue we host live music, and have a gallery space, as well as a cafe.
stop by and check us out.
Who is ready for the hottest dance party in Fort Wayne?
Celtics won even though they didnt have rondo3 and allen they still did good:
I wear black on the outside, cause black is how I feel on the inside
Long johns, check; shearlinglined boots, check, hat, scarf, gloves, passport, check.
I am off to Montreal, where the it's French  cold.
Steal away, friend!
I can't wait to see what images you collect!!
I'm teaching myself to doctornk enough water.
Three day in and I'm feeling better already.
If you dont have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you dont have much at all.
k.o.
lessner!
Not as much as the spread...I had the exact same last night.
So, so good after a tough mudder.
i rly loved the song Turn To You 3

Thank you I needed this reminder today!
I think political intrigue is an oxymoron cause I don't think there is anything intriguing about politics
Go Arianna, get paid 300 mil to be Tim's replacement
Thanks to Bart Starr...great player...even greater person
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
man your dumb lol.
2 more weeks until i am in Miami, FL
my goal is to be the first contributor on the show to get discussed in an actual story
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Havent slept that good in forever.
I feel so good.
I'll keep that in mind lol
Welcome Back Meet and Greet April 5, 5:30  8:30  Flannery's on 14th and 7th.
can't wait to meet you all!
did you get sexybaby Jonny to color that tat?
a granola bar was planking?
Ted Thompson for President.
Today is National Shrimp Day!!
What's your fave way to eat shrimp?

This guy just scored free IMAX tickets to the HungerGames!
Thanks !
First time I have slept over 9 hours since college!
Andoctora Cabral quotes Richard Pryor: Who are you gonna believe?
Me or your lyin' eyes?
Nerves...not servers!
damnyouautocorrect twice this week, where servers made sense for nerves, dont get on my servers
The secret police in Cuba also used to chase down longhaired boys to cut their hair.
MITT'S A COMMIE!
Thanks for following , , ...
the main focus was suppose to be on the amaz pen humblebrag ???
RT : I have some exciting musical news..
Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:
Fire alarm.
awesome.
wish we could have hung out today.
I could have used your expert thrifting opinion.
Looking for a Fall Internship in Chicago??
Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested!!!
George W Bush endorsed Mitt Romney today......um.....
Yay!
lol
I see that Willow lured you away from me!
I'll be hanging out in the IRC channel all day, feel free to ping me.
Ready for this weekend already.
Dominik/Mercy to Christian/Danny: So...no more CPR?
np!
there will be great ethnic food, fun prizes, and more surprises!
hope you can make it!
:
Cool, thanks!
Looking forward to a good season.
RT : Check out the latest version of Turn  Burn with some of our great campers from Summer Brand Camp!
i LOVE SABRINA SO MUCH OMG
Guess I'm Solo for the Night.
Other than that, have Fun and be Safe at Prom everyone.
This is a the first practice tweet.
Better find a better pic!
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now; let's get to number 1!
RolexOnKROV ;D
What is the theme of this decoupaged table?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be Navy Yard tomorrow.
Stay hungry my friends!!
yay i can't wait janet!!!
i mean nurisha!!!
:0 
Walking Out!!!
my professorle pic is just for you.
Lmao is all I can do
Playing a show  the Rocks in Petaluma this Thursday.
21  up, 5, 8pm.
Hadley Hill, Firechild  Box Office Poison.
Please Repost.
Thanks!
anyone out there in land know the top secret number for the bus depot to call and complain when buses are late?
Tweet it!
Continuous improvement  know what doesn't work and have the capacity to make changes.
the winning pitcher for the A's tonight had the last name of Bard
awh, I'm sorry Alex
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
from prom?
Bet you didn't watch all their other games .
MarchMadness is doctorving me so crazy right now I'm actually cleaning my apartment!
And I hate cleaning!
And it's still only the first round!
Real Estate investors are going out of business left and right...
You be flipping like reciprocals
RT : Looks like a great event!
How to Continue: John Ashbery Across the Arts, on Friday, March 23:...
same here man.
Funny!
Dan Patrick probably has the coolest job ever
When does the event start to overshadow a conference and get to big?
Vegas the best
If you didn't get a chance to answer us yesterday, what is your shirt size?
Waving back.
Hi!
Oh I get it...
Yea he need to go ahead and sign the check RT Rick Ross  somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked..
Summer Hours start today!
Open 105 MonSat, 125 Sunday, all summer long.
Did someone remind you of how beautiful you were today?
TONIGHT  SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale  FREE Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm10:30pm  4 Vodka,Rum,Gin,Tequila 9pm2am  2 DJ's in mix
That moment you make eye contact, with somebody who used to mean the world to you..
Ima change my seat
Our last tweet makes us ponder...will Miss or mister.
President have a nice ring to it in say, the next decade?
I simply walk up n.stick my nuts in ya face
I'm a nasty whore
Noise complaint midland accomplished
We are only as strong as we are united!
We're hopeful and will follow 's lead on
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow?
please, we're finally online at the same time!!!
3
Go ahead, America, make my day!
Continuing the assessments in Delray Beach tonight.
Any librarians out there know of good programs that forgive a portion of your student loans if you work in public service?
Thanks!
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it?
Sure, if you're detached.
There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
That's true.
I simply told her that I respect her decision and I'm sorry she feels that way.
Gotta keep it moving.
could you imagine if Peyton went to Denver they would need 2 entirely different playbooks
What are you celebrating?
of environmental impact/consequences.
I want Zapified to be sociallyresponsible, ...
Happy Wake a Deal Wednesday!
Thx for K!
Great wins by the and the Goodnight.
We would love to help you plan your event here at Murphy's of DC Whether a cocktail reception, sit down dinner, rehearsal dinner or luncheon
just as you predicted.
Those people who are always asking you for things :/
To transform your life you first must understand what is keeping it the way it is.
Busy day for us.Thanks to everyone who came by the shop today.
We are open on Thurs from 127
thanks girl !
:D 33
Work today, and concert tomorrow
But getting up so early everyday is killin me.
Holy thunder
Ever loved someone so damn much that you just wanna yell it from a roof top?
Or in my case write a song :
That ones in the gutter....
Webby presentation gr8, but will editors in my ofc be able to edit in it, or InCopy?
They're not bloggers!
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
Broncos D is on Fire!
!!
Red kettle debuted in SF in 1891 in the guise of a crab pot.
Depression had thrown many out of work, including seamen and longshoremen.
Auditioning for a commercial for Phoenix Comiccon.
It's going to be fun.
You clearly don't know us well enough.
; Sorry we didn't scream for you.
But congrats on the PR!
Yeah!!
Have fun!
Had To Put My contacts back in my phone!!!!!!
nice!
Also, we have the same name : ag
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you exercising your cool.
agffff!
I died x.x
We wentto pcb together RT : Roman, and I didn't realize it until I was looking thru pictures and saw you in a few
adam staash or steven hart in a race??
um.....
ok??
tht was kinda random, dont u think ??
oh and lolzzzzz i asked u a ??
:P
at this time of night?
surely not!!!
hey girl u in ny or la
Domain problem with old Jacket articles.
Jacket2 running fine but access to 19972010 files unavailable, to be restored soon.
it sounded nice no specifics but not sayn sorry
Brunch special: Marscapone Stuffed French Toast w/ Dark Chocolate Covered Banana  Maple Syrup  r u hungry yet?
doctorp Kick Kisses!
waiting with eager anticipation David.
re: JetBlue to ABQ route...
Ann Rhoades.
Have you figured it out yet?
What artwork has been kidnapped so far?
What did you do for Memorial Day Weekend?
have you tried Newsie?
It's a fast  slick new iPhone Google reader.
You guys ready for the halftime?!?
Dmv on Thursday no line I go to you
Well get to it then!
You guys are working so hard on getting to 73k.
Sooner the better!
:
Minneapolis: GLITTER NIGHT tonight  our glam rock dance party  Nick  Eddie Warehouse featuring Them That Dare 10PM sharp!
Then I'll do you.
Impatiently waiting .
Almost to launch day...get ready for a free project assessment where you learn how you can improve your business.
warning prepaid cards like visa or master card has hidden fees.
like mastercard 2.95 subtracted plus 5.95 to activate it
Thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts Jodie!
We love what you are all about too!
are you this stupid Mark.
You are easily put to shame
its cold outside .
It will be a close call for showers on Tuesday near roc.
Watch at five for my forecast!
Hope you have a great time, and we STILL miss you in Portland!
.
Great job guys!
Iggy clinches the playoffs series verse the bulls with 2 clutch free throws to give the sixers the win 7978!!!
LetsGoSixers Round2baby!!
describe ex using only a movie title.
: Obsessed.
RT : Before success comes in any man's life he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps, some failures.
Whe ...
Have you seen NeoNatural yet?
Check out this great exhibit of glass art within our botanical collection.
Daily through Mar18 3 admission.
you can tell that whoever owns these clubs sucks at golf
I'd better go get some.
:
im going to the one in chicago!
I hope I see you.
: I'm bored...
tweet me a number and I'll say something I like about your account :5
I look forward to listening to yours and jt review of the boxing fight tomorrow night.
Ugh!
Really want this cold to go away.
It sucks that me and my baby girl are both sick.
Back to the boyfriend's tomorrow.
Miss him.
:
yay!
We get way too excited when that happens around here
hm i'd date a football player but no way in hell ima be a cheerleader xD
I don't rule out that I'm wrong about it.
: I do like some of the poppy Wings stuff, so there you go!
just got home from work...Wussup with you
WHAT IT DO MOMMA!!
The workday may have just ended, but Ladies Night is just gettin started!
Ask your server what special items are 20 off for Ladies tonight
sets off CarBomb which kills 5.
Peaceful activists?
No, MuslimBrotherhood terrorists.
RT
Making flan
McDonalds all American game!
Coach Hicks who I used to coach for is coaching the East team.
And a bunch of UK recruits
Today's workout: 110 pullups, 220 pushups, 330 situps AFTER 1,400 yards of swimming.
And shoes.
RT : is wearing doctorss pants.
Not even kidding.
I'll have to get that photo.
thank you for the FF mention
please don't show what happens with the black latex gloves.
Incredible behind scenes access with this Sunday on 
So far my weekend is great!
God is good!!!
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
i lost a follower today : i wonder why
Um!
Sorry!
Disagree.
Im just being biased though lol
I havnt been on here in a min.
wuz gud
2674072235 prank call us now.
I'm trying my hardest!
Just sent an ecard thru 123greetings.
Neat stuff!
: 
Formidable, yet.
biddable.
Hm I should start tweeting more I think...
Were u that badly in need of a pair of size 11 1/2 cleats?
I come 1st everything after that is a choice
u r way to young to be sexy grow up fool
Dming you.
RT : thank you.
I'm starving for work.
Would you know of any paid writing?
Thank you.
Wb
I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!
Chocolate Train: Business boomed today at the See's Candies HQ on La Cienega due to
We found love on the radio.
I exit taxi
knew it would!
2011in4words year of positive change
DUDE NO WAYZIES.
I THOUGHT YOU LEFT FRIDAY
Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d
Yo, stop asking stupid and insulting questions to celebrities.
Being persistent doesn't make you any less ignorable.
If you're not afraid of the challenge that's not courage; it's a chemical malfunction in your brain.
Linda Sue Park
We prefer a good hahaha to an LOL any day!
Skating while hearing some bangers, inspirational!
happy birthday 2 usher raymond iv
We've seen a groom arrive via boat, elephant and horse!
We are waiting to see a helicopter!
brochures on tables for attendees, check our classes out.
Hey.
Yes, there was one tonight at midleved.
It was on tech in the classroom.
Consider adding a side of pinto beans to your meal for a protein and antioxidant boost.
definitely.
Taking the trains now that I'm back in NYC.
It feels good to not be stuck in an immobile vehicle
Pizza days are great.
np The Reason Why I Sing Kirk Franklin and the Family
nisoEbook Holzman 80 if Temple U Press backlist already digitized.
Easy process with single authors 95 consented for ebook rights.
Spelling is going out the window as I multitask Twitter snark on the Oscars and do class prep.
I gave it 100...that's all I'm saying
I am so discombobulated today.
There is too much going on.
Someone come save me.
Side note: Yay big words.
:
: u just gotta find the right one Easier said than done.
: gotta meet johanser first definitely
we are currently seeking those interested in speaking, sponsoring, and attending this event
famous last words
u don't believe me?
.
fine...be that way....I'm going to bed.....later!
Good to hear!
wow okay, just because 1D is WAY more successful than MB doesnt mean anything.
i like MB but you fans are annoying .
.
12 at ten am
Thinking of my little hoof

Ha!
I'm right there with you!
Just you and me I'm sure!
This experiment with Brendan Ryan in the 2hole is a wrong one.
Led Zeppelin's Ramble On will be my theme song for the next 2 weeks.
I know you are I just get worried when people might end up doctornking too much is all.
it's a kind of day, his lyrics always get my mind racing, it's a new thought everytime i hear them.
Weather Genie 3.0 now available...
completely redone, expecting it to beat its previous record at 6 in US charts for iPad  iPhone
12th most valuable.
You fell victim to the slide show.
Boston terrier with a dash of Corgi.
Or it might be the other way around
Penn State now maybe Syracuse?
Cmon Man!
Baby you're everything I've ever doctoramed of.
Everybody put in your path, aint always good for you....
It seems our local smoke shop added some eCigs recently.
I bought one of em to compare them to my brand.
Seems the mass market is losing out
Hilarious to visualize.
Happy New Year, Marek!
Explosive Rate of Tech Dev!
RT : In the time it took you to look at this slide a new technology was copyrighted 
totally reasonable: Is it too much to ask that every performer sing live at the Grammys?
That just seems a reasonable expectation.
This man right here is soo fine!!!
Haha...
Follow him....
Somebody talk me out of doctornk eating!
i mean about how we can retweet your tweets now hehehe
My mom texting me at 3am reminds me of how awesome she is!
:
YOU SHOULD TWEET ME !!!
It would make my life 10000000000x BETTER !!!!!
3
New listings RB 45's and Vogue Picture Records
You guys got D1C over 450 'likes' on the facebook!
Head over to facebook.com/doctorwOneCard to see the merch design to be sold later this year!
Just removed a rust stain from the countertopgot really excited
If all the sodium that people got was from a salt shaker and not from food processing, then we would all be better off
A big Twitter welcome to ...
follow them for IT information, tips and news about Rutgers IT
I AM NEW TO DIS SHIT BUT I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Better ingredients.
Better pizza.
nod Papa Johns.
Thanks Mary!
It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
its all good...
He'll realize he list something gold
So you say what I did was wrong,but you do the same thing and more,but you're not wrong?!
You do fantasy on ESPN?
: Bag er like we in publics then take her out ass out in public publix
Weownthenight is one of the best concerts ive been too !
:
give it to me!
come to Miami fuck wit ya boy.
Yep...My Bad Sorry about that Woody
Girl Power!
will be live tweeting on 3/12.
Join us and celebrate 100 years of building girl leadership.
Dont reply if this is a stupid question.
But wih O'Brien taking PSU job does that mean he will not b OC for Pats 4 rest of year?
oh the doctorma!
I would rather fight like my grandpa back in war
Why do white people dance funny?
just for you!
:
Good luck!
Looking forward to your photos and stories along your journey.
Follow me on instagram
No sarcasm ...
He is one of my favorite players to watch.
I don't understand why he gets hated on so much
only means we doin somethin right
Tera is basically an asian grinder stytle mmo.
The fighting is fun though
If you're in the Third Ward, stop by for Gallery Night and print your own artsy tshirt!
Printing is in session!
Hey teepeople, who wants to see something very funny?
Go to YouTube type in  Grandson gets brain freeze
Welcome to my life!
Why is she still on stage?
Dang, gonna have to miss Psychic Reading Time at the 140conf for a work event ; Good thing Funny or Die and Chuck Norris are in the AM!
Breaking students into age groups for education have only existed for the past 100 years or so...
This is not how it has...
followed you back :
: You are obsessed and I think it's time for an intervention.
you think?!?!
I agree :
I hate when you have to awkwardly sit in the car with your friend as theyre mom is yelling at them
Happy Veteran's Day!
Every rose has its thorn
Goodmorning to twitter hope everyone haves a good day and stays blessed
she was there last or the before too...
I'm so sorry.I'm honestly not trying to,I've already changed my password and everything idk what to do
Wow that's pretty official right there.
edit your tweet to feel bad for those people that play diablo 3 and you're good to go
Aww, shoot.
This year's Burning Man is happening right when I'll be in the Netherlands.
:
RT : We are hiring The position is an entry level Search Marketing Coordinator.
View the description at...
Dear We need you in Wisconsin to talk some sense into these crazy fiscal nazis!
Great food!
Great people!
Quite possibly the best foodtruck on the planet!
Count down!
6 days to HOLIDAY IN MOTION!
Do you have tickets yet?
It's going to be a double show sold out year again.
Hurry!!!
RT : Ask doctor Sallay any sports injury questions, including tennis injuries, shoulder/elbow  knee til 11am.
1300 E.
96th St.
I don't know about other guys, but I like when a girl is in sweatpants just chillin'.
:I'm waiting...patiently!
Graduation is right around the corner.
Thank You to the incredible leaders in Topeka, Kansas for a wonderful Discover The Leader Within!
session today.
You made my day!
It's a beautiful day for Brewers Opening Day, too bad I'm not there but i'll be listening to the game...CHEERTHEBEER!!!
That is interesting because job security now is basically nonexistent compared to 30 years ago
Girl I wanna fuk you right now hold on let me turn the lights down its about to be a private party
I have done my best.
That is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Lin Yutang
What/who else?
Don't get me wrong, I love to read JP.
But JP overweights legends and critical consensus on innovation is suspect.
thanks j ma!!!
hey guess what i get to see you in like...
a week!!
wahooo 2011 cua hoco
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
Awesome improv class on Monday!
Great talent and I can't wait to see it grow.
No.
George is the reason the Nuggs are the 7th seed...
He's the reason why i watch the Nuggets
I feel left out cuz I don't have an iPhone and I can't see the faces
Nuts are a great source of protein and healthy fats, stock up on them!

No moral man can have peace of mind if he leaves undone what he knows he should have done.
I can't tell if they speak Spanish, French, or Russian...
sadly it has nothing to do with the little peanut.
STILL can't stand Chris Brown...
my night schedules hit or miss.
Any chance u r near town during day m  f?
I won't check in the AM until I am on metro.
That way I know if there is anything I have to addoctorss 1st thing.
Why, this fellow do not know any more about politics than a pig knows about Sunday.
Harry S Truman about Dwight D.
Eisenhower
im fire and youre the ocean im energy and youre the rhythm love is somewhere inbetween what u believe n what you doctoram
Right, but when Bo left, or any coach, there are buy outs.
They're making it sound like coaches move freely w/no penalties.
thanks for sharing!
Please write us a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Tony Romo is a douchebag.
How do you not know where the line of scrimmage is?
Come on Giants!
Bury these guys!
We all have that one friend who needs to learn how to whisper.
Now that would be kind of cool.
Ahahahaha.
My mom is so stupid.
You would think she'd notice 3/4ths of a vodka bottle was filled with water when she doctornks out of it xD
All Linux Web Hosting Plans now include a FREE Domain Name for the life of the plan when
I hear talk is considering up one.
Be cool if JRubyConf came home.
Just sayin'.
/cc
Yes!
and her gelled up bangs in TGIF!
If you know what I mean..
Up makin potato salad listening to atlanta's hot 107.9 on
You bet!
the sound of atoms
manager of brandi williams,,is there any way I can send you some of her work
I haven't had a Zero bar in years :
So jealous of people who have the day off.
Would love to be playing hockey right now
Umm is the Cuse the double secret overall 1?
Seems like an easier bracket to me.
It sucks how things ended , but its best to move on ..
Working on a few of projects.
Business is picking back up.
People who try to make you feel sorry for them cause there moving..
I don't care.
Just leave please.
I would pay twice as much for cable if the tv automuted each time that Truvia I love you sweetness...
commercial comes on.
Thank the heavens, Parks and Rec was renewed!!!!!!!
oh are you now....hm
nice!
You will have to tell us your favorite dish there!
Everybody is feeling down this past 2 weeks for some reason /:
I have to go to english without you now D: that class is bull shit
I think account registration is disabled during the offseason  what edits did you want to make?
Dear LA, please at least try to have a Winter.
Sincerely, Justin
The text I just sent Kels  lololololololololol
You can have the fame, I just want my soul
Some flavors don't mix.
Exhibit A: orange DayQuil and cool mint Crest.
DANCE PANTS!!!!
Let the applying of job applications begin!
follow me please!
:
precise is also available for an interview and don't to forget to forward your doctorp script to my email addoctorss.
I hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like Btch, catch me if you can!
you fucking crack me up!
:
RT RT : NY Daily News headline over WH photo of beer summit: BREWHAHA
Students referencing pop culture during grammar lesson.
I changed plan so they can create their own worksheets.
Yay grammar!
We're looking into a lot of recording studios in the NYC area, can anyone recommend some our way?
Much obliged!
you can try it wont work its basically day doctoraming...
Woke Up Dis Morning, doctoramed Bout Money I Guess Money Is On My Mind
It'll actually make my life if you guys make a Call me Maybe video.
:'
we'll have to chat later this week!
Bluray Review: Yakuza Weapon via
How do we file for Ponzi scheme status?
That seems to be all the rage these days.
Can't stop fucking sneezing
Mary McLeod Bethune: fierce, determined, inspirational.
Thanks to Miss Weinstein in 4th grade for giving me Bethune's bio!
One by one ...
they all had to die!
Happy Friday the 13th!
not a problem.
It was a great tweet!
We come to your for a change.
I come to your office, business or office in Oklahoma City
if they smart they will!
Saying One berry, two berry, pick me a blueberry makes me smile each time it passes my lips.
OK We are doing it one more hour.
Open for you one last time until 11PM!
It reminds us to cherish each moment, mainly because it will by no means come again.
How you doing boo?
x
Daniel Kondos Law Offices are local AND not out of state...
At BFF's wedding this weekend, discovered that an old friend needs a printer for her greeting card designs.
Possible new line coming soon!
No joke, eh!?
I kind of love Twitter.
love the new avatar.
Listening to The Rocket Summer  editing in Photoshop.
Don't mind if I do.
I love my job!
Thanks for following!
For choral singers, phrasing subtleties in slow tempi are hard to achieve after singing loud, fast sections.
Have a chemistry call back for a new film tomorrow....its a really great script and i would love to do it!
Damn its hot af outside
You're a good man, Ty.
Glad to hear it.
gunna wash my hair , it stinks !
lmao
Sounds dangerous...
Wtf is going on with you ?
Lolx im a lil concerned are you ok ?
Advice for writing: Mentally thumb your nose at all knowitalls, jeerers, critics, doubters
These are the choices that we make when we expect little else.
Cisse is on fire.
Submitted EG2012Fellowship app.
Fingers crossed for more good karma.
are u at the step show???
Yea!!
Thanks for the pic!
:
yeah i have all these powers of persuasion tools now.
it's been a remarkable experience at immvt thanks!
plz plz plz say HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me on Fri, nothing's been going my way this past week so it would be AWESOME if you did that
One look at a good Bank account will make you lose yo girl
Thank You for giving birth to me on this day!
Without you and God I would not be here!
looks like straight up red chili paste!
Oh Boy Here we Go The HEAT IS ON!!
BOUT TIME.......LET's GO
Music can bring the unexpected in a symphony of light and beauty while confronting the surreal with reality.
Express yourself honestly
well done today.
Didn't know you lost Luca months ago.
Stay strong mate.
He's in a better place!
All the best!!
just a bunch of noise RT : The Thunder are rubbish.
We on live in fifteen minutes!!!
RT : Mustread from today!
B2B matchmaker helps apparel companies find production resources featuring...
ughh i hate them i have alot
hahaha thanks :D
or that at one point in time i had three thousand followers on tumblr dot com?
Continuing to reshuffle the nonfiction areait's a huge job
Wondering what the GCC Team is doing today?
Got up at 5:30AM...6AM started cooking from scratch at Bureau Valley High School!
have to dance to this song!
So catchy!
space between section 5 :
Chris Brown has reportedly been using the pickup line, I promise I wont beat you.
WHAT A GUY!!
All the games are on www.watchnhllive.com go register and enjoy all your hockey favorites!!!
at the snacksecret show!!!
you need to make one on that eyrda server
naw he's one of the best rappers of all time nd also you he's from NY I can't let u disrespect him like that lol
aww your sick?
I'm glad its almost Cinco de Mayo because my Mexican friends will finally doctornk.
1 more follower to 200.
Anyone?!!
Can the NURSE diagnosis a concussion from the couch?!?
Every blow to the head is different, no matter how it looks.
I love that place.
thanks glad you can use them!
Hope the students enjoy them.

Did u Bring ur Golf Clubs?
Marty B and I hv teex's Wed  Fri.
you talking about the ps trey ?
or ....
?
thanks.
Will do 10 more runs by the end of the year.
nope!
she don't tell me what to do!
I'll take the trip and the mochimisu!!
They also have not ruled that out.
Opening up at 11am today...See you all soon!
Perhaps there is a sangria in your future.
Fear.
Recent books  research on conservative brain theorizes they resort to familiar, altho absurd, postures out of fear.
If I los emy tomatoes I'm seriously going to cry
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow.
Big news.
We need another goal I'm getting nervous.
This is the fifth time I've watched Easy A these past few days.
HOLLAAA.
Thanks girl :
that answer came straight out of the volunteer packet :
Sorry to anyone who tried to access the website www.Spokenwordinc.com this morning  it was down for a couple of hours.
All is back up now!
yup: and I'm planning a summer weekend vaca at myrtle with a lot of people u trying to go?
Knitting and watching Blue Valentine.
Um, not one to watch with the parents people.
I love Adele:.
A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
is emily still at your house ?
would you ever be friends with someone younge than you?
if so, how many years maximum?
Man some people just don't know how to wear makeup.
Shout out to recent and loyal followers!
Or even what Steam did for video games.
Yes!
I'm on my way to Boise for the weekend and I have a layover in Salt Lake.
Thanks Robin!
BUT..I am still shocked.
LOL!
Talking 2 ma bestiie on the phon, she's the BEST !!!
Ashleigh Naneng's platform under her title as Miss Camai is Sobriety nd Suicide Awareness and Prevention.
Any related events she can attend?
AMERICAN AD BAG Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Zig Ziglar
At casino waiting for mom to try her luck!
is this in the art barn?
goodbye January!
Still thinking thru goals, audiences, content, but short answer  yes.
Would 3 to hear thoughts on what you'd like to see on G.
Catching up on Justified episodes tonight.
That syrupy Kentucky way of talkin'!
I'll be taking those doctorwls into my doctorams.
so happy together 3
Getting ready to watch us become elite !
i always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this.
please, don't leave me.
How are you hon?
:D
oh, I'll be there 
whats up with all of the philosophers on here tryna kick knowledge every tweet....what yall god body?
lol
:0 haha Id probably have a panic attack.
Mantra of moderation so difficult where I may or may not have inhaled a turkey burger this PM.
We have decided to break a bit longer in order to eat lunch.
Be back in 2030 minutes.
96 degrees here in northern Virginia.
Wow.
my new favorite twitter stream
How in the world did I get addicted to playing Modern Warfare?
SMH
49ers can never win a championship because of Alex Smith.
Why is there so much cheering going on?
All for Joe?
lmfao honestly so worked up right now
Listening to Ellen Goodman speak at the YWCA We Inspire luncheon.
90s pop genre on pandora is probably the best thing pandoras ever done
: M.
Foster whole genome sequencing is living with uncertainty.
Need to understand difference between risk and uncertainty
ok I'll let u know
: ah..life intervenes!
I can't start new project b/c I'm busy talking about the old project!
I guess it's a good problem to have
The river.
Think I'll find any?
you want to know everything, that's annoying.
JETS are Smash on the Patriots next week...Yeah!!!!!
Look amazing x
and Father John Misty.
Sometimes I feel I just need to go far, far away.
tired of gettin my hopes up for shit.
I'm no better than anyone else, but I can be better than myself.
Lowkey, he lookin too fine in that picture!!.
singing wait...Best Coast sings that right?
yeah!
you should keep it that way.
RUDE SMH.
Haha, I was kidding ;
Thrilled to have been a part of rp2011 today!
Come have a chat with at the Olin 220 circle at the reception
Always welcome :p
man I always pass out on the ride home, but nonetheless, one hell of a birthday appreciate every single one of the birthday wishes
she turned her cants into cans and her doctorams into plans.
Wow.
What a birthday .
I have no job, I have no money, I have no car, but I'M IN A BAND :D
She will learn one day.
Don't worry, I have an elaborate plan with and !
is calling my name.
pure heavenly music.
: Me and the homie Cp Hollywood made somethin crazy lastnight..
PartyAnimal  that's gone be a banger bro..
Guys, I made Mayra cry today.
:
If your tweet does not relate to LetsGoPens or PensIn7, it is highly likely that it is getting ignored.
In Lake Placid, off to walk around town!!
mary jane is the cause that got me on sumthin the best feelin smoke a blunt after u done fuckin
Spoiler alert for the movie: the dude with the beard did it.
What movie?
Every movie.
Have a killa weekend!
Happy Birthday Skrillex!
I often wonder the same thing.
I wonder if my neighbors think Im a recluse.
NOpe .
.
.
just the coolest nerd ever.
Stop watching tv  get back to work!
Hey my fellow San Antonio stoners!
I have a few more hash treats available!
Marble fudge cake and peanut butter cookies!
I'm free after 7!
what time?
you need to upgrade to black ops
Watching Conan teamcoco .
What's DVRing?
Oh yeah, Grimm.
Forgot it was on tonite.
In my defense, my mind was on other things.
Like the AUD I went to tonite.
Yeah..How much longer...I dunno
nowplaying Ashanti Rock With You
chewy lifesavers..
Warheads..
Yellow starbursts..
Yum!
I agree Katrina.
I can be hard to set up class for thinking in today's testing world.
You bought them all, right?
Anybody know a good fruit juice smoothie place in tosa/brookfield?
Thanks for the
...
you don't pull the mask off the ol' Lone Ranger and you don't mess around with Jim.
Dwight Howard to Chicago would be an excellent Christmas present.
Pretty please?
I hope we ate them all without sharing.
;  So.
Delicious.
Shout out to for reading in pride haha shesboss
bye twitter you made me feel understood and now i don't know if i can talk to you anymore.
I am really digging this halftime show SB46 The stage and effect are amazing.
One of the best I can remember.
And freaking Cee Lo, love it!
It is happening today!!
You got to see everyone here!!
What up?
My parents moved their desktop to a room specifically for it, but its still looked at as the family computer though
you catch some fish today?
RT : If you're partying with a Sagittarius it's guaranteed to go down.
We are at the VUExpo12!
Stop by Booth 124 to speak with a Higher Ed representative about our innovative technology and engaging content!
What do men really want????
Someone said Ariana can't be on Ellen cause Ellen is allergic to oranges.
You seriously think you're funny?
Imma put an orange in your ass.
oin us by following our tweets in starting a Revolution.
Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
MPOW's youngest faculty librarian is not considered next gen anymore.
We need to hire 12 younger people!
I don't remember being at school today, I barly remember being at my friends after school.
lmao
my prayers and thoughts are with you Cicily.
Sending good vibes for a safe recovery!!
r u in town
Pucks are flying into the Flyers net in warmups, then again there is currently no goalie in there, well, I don't think it'd really matter.
the site is not super usable, but UNESCO has a ton of stuff online OA for Anthropologists
work it dash
Who want to Match?
we are in the process of putting together the Summer 2012 line and yes there will be pink!
All of your athletes' tweets must be approved by or .
Now on the crazy table of deals: SpiderMan Family Ties for only 3.99
Perf!
Thank you!
don't be upset.
Everything happens for a reason.
What is meant to be will be and if it wasn't meant to It could b good too.
LitQuote: There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
ThePickwickPapers by
MAKE ME!!
your nuts lol
Me: Happy Mother's Day, here's your present.
Her: Where is it?
Me: Standing right in front of you.
Me: I am your present.
Amazing shoe!
Looks so similar and familiar!
trade him while he is hot
Oh, and our new Press 53 Limited edition hardcovers.
We have a video on the website.
another cold day in chicago but thats ok because this is what this city is about.
i like the chill as it makes one move faster!
Good Morning, come get some breakfast!
I do not wear outfits, I create looks
IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Still unreal smh...had a coo night!
Long ride and a great talk wit my fat boi...he kept a dutch burnin
Didn't get to watch the game but good to hear Melo scored 41 and that the Knicks got the W.
you are on a Hero's Journey!
TY for your inspiration!!
I'm gonna kick your ass!
Ready for the nights chaos to begin
I want to read up on Jung's interpretation of it.
He was deep into the esoteric
Hi :.
What's the question?
Attending iPME?
Stop by the booth and find out how PingFederate from integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps.
ToddFlanders Jesus cries blood every time you lie
thanks for the RT on Saturday!
Beer: Giving you the courage to talk to women but taking away the ability to make sense
I've been trying to be more outgoing to people I'm not too close with.
And the insanity is over.
Onalaska beats KM54 in the longest game ever!
Okay, like seriously.
What did I do so bad that you blocked me?
Thank you for the tweet!
Also, if your students are interested in ratings/salaries, we have a ton.
Happy Friday.
thanks for sharing!
hope we all become successful entrepreneurs!
well hurry up!
GatesChili is in desperate need of a quality establishment such as yours!
Yeah.
I Come Through
my speech is a thing of beauty.
I think I might cry when I'm up there though...
We only use OEM original parts so you can rest assured your phone is fixed right the first time.
So sleepy!
But so happy to have seen so many amazing folks at this year's IndyVolved!
Night to all!
Chipper Jones is retiring after this season.
He was always my 1st choice on backyard baseball..
now I feel old
Absolutely, but my time is limited, so I usually can't get on Twitter until the weekends:
Good Morning and Happy Saturday!!!
God gave you a body that can stand almost evreything, its your mind you have to convince.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate oops, Excuse Me!
that slipped
and fit them together, to follow alternate spellings of surnames, follow hunches, and a piece of paper really doesn't give ..
which PUTS song do you need the name of?
9pm I think RT What time do the ESPYs air?
Bored at work.
Why did you wait to post this  11am?
yea I just emailed you back.
Thank you Perfection.
You didn't have to do that : but I loved it ;
Nobody ever said love was easy.
Save the date: Our next chat will be June 6 at 4:00 EDT.
Early run to Poto, 12 hour seen then back to Madison tonight
Powerpoint sucks because it distracts from what people are saying.
Prezi just makes that worse.
What do we want the world to be?
How can we make that happen?
Heading in to pick up a large order of rally apparel for the upcoming OTR this weekend.
We are excited to be a part of it!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone 3
Game time
I can't say brother I say brudda.
Eww
I need somebody to buy me a 3day CTA pass cuz I REFUSE to doctorve this weekend during NATO So who buying it for me???
happy birthday to the one and only DJ BStanky Leg!
RT : ok question for yall wut would u rather have money or happiness  happiness for sure, but add the money for less stress!
is rockin' a Zpack.
Please please please free me from this sinus headache!
Yep, we're pulling names from a hat.
Need to keep it fair, old school and random.
What's going on, re not being able to run or workout?
Sorry I am out of the loop.
Final grades for the semester are coming in!
So far so good.
Thank you!
No bunts.
No bunts.
No bunts.
There went my bracket!
its cool!
hows mexico?
i fly out to atl at 7 in the morning on my birthday
how exciting!!
:D
There's nothing consistently funnier than people falling.
Isn't there something slightly sinister about threetined forks?
3WordsForYou I W o n t S t o p
it's my brother's, not mine.
I think physics caused it.
RT : I like Kurt but didn't he cause this???
A govt that picks  chooses who to tax and not tax is a govt that has too much power.
I need to start 2 of these 3 today Ahmad Bradshaw, Mark Ingram or Kevin Smith Thanks for your help.
Divisions: Miss, Teen, Miss Jr Teen.
Winners represent VA at the national Miss United States 2012 Pageant this July in Washington, DC
Wonderful trip.
Will miss you girls.
, , 
im now following, sorry i havnt been on twitter, but im back ;
so i lost the vocab that is due tomorrow for AP world
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music!
Let us know if you are ever in L.A.
:  : 
A twoout RBI double by Clemons doctorves in Alex Mercer and St.
X is on the board trailing Eastern 21 in T3.
Clemons now 2for2 vs.
Strader.
Good Morning
I'll see what I can do  definitely looking forward to this change!
Wasn't a big Reebok fan but their reebokcrossfit campaign has made me one!
Powerful, inspiring.
Wanna watch it on repeat when I work out!
Thanx for splitting a Miles of Chocolate with me...numnumnum.
Thanx for supporting TECHmunch and mking chocolate!
Hey boys heres the deal I live in INDY Dean is a Good friend do I get 2free Tickets or do I pay double price
Best spring break 
Naw, not rude..
just critically real!
Lol.
lol at haters
went there last year b4 we played the Saints week 3.
Will be hitting that up when we're back in preseason.
I want a small dog I can fit in my purse.
I always have, I think they're so cute!!
Im kinda in the mood of eating strawberries covered in chocalate!...:D
The whole world is three doctornks behind.
If everyone in the world would take three doctornks, we would have no trouble.
Humphrey Bogart
Awesome!
Big Bang Theory will ALWAYS be better than being at work.
hi to all :D
Zero tolerance for bullshit
direct message sent :
Big hoop earrings, that means she's on the prowl.
whether he admits it or not...they still stink worse than being downwind from AB.
Follow question: in general, what do you think of NDAs?
Do you sign them?
If so, when  why?
: If you really believe something, you will change your behavior to match it
Research after you write USC Writers conference Madison
yea right gymtime ain't on
Got that young instagram?
Follow me!
MissTheKid
How did E pull Sloan?
Sloan is beautiful
Ho many ratchets will i see in here today
marathon Monday,tipsy Tuesday,wasted Wednesday,thirsty Thursday,faded Friday,stripclub Saturday,Sunday funday
So true.
Less than two weeks!
you truley deserve someone who will admire who you are!
3
We found that for Black LGBTs outness is a predictor of selfreported happiness.
The more out one is the more likely they are to be happy.
I wish i could sleep and never wake up fucking work shit is blowing mine I need a vacation ASAP
Stop by The OC Mart MIX tonight for a charitable cause and good time!
bit.ly/vW7VC4
90's prom party playlist!
suggestions ?
Im shy to tell someone about my sexuality /3
Fuck can't Tuesday  Wednesday come any faster!
gee which one of us has audio recording experience?
i'll bring beer.
Word.
RT Anyone of the venues will be great to party at!
RT Who's ready for CincodeMayo?
WE ARE!
Heading to Alexandoctora, Va.!
How is everyone?!
:
Thanks for the follow
You are smart.
I am thinking of doing the same.
Last night was 1:30am.
Bad pick up line: I shit gold That's very inconvenient, I don't have the plumbing facilities to support you're medical condition.
So true!
I teach storytelling in my classes because stories resonate.
The GOP's failure to support the Obama Economic plan will come back to haunt them.
When it works, they will be left out in the cold!
Wishing I wasn't too chicken to get on a motorcycle so I could go on the Dennis Hopper memorial ride with tonight.
Have fun!
Wickedness will always reign
loud.
noises.
back in 1953 we used to tweet during beatings
hahaha get that trout rod
hahah no!
that's why I put random thought :
if i hear moves like jagger one mo' again..
Well said Charles, the refs stole that from those ND kids
Walked into with 40.
Walked out with 800.
Yeah rent money!!
i I wish I earned 0.003 every time contrapuntal is googled longterminvesting, ii when will Romney try on defiant for size?
No School Todaay :D
what did I do?
All in da burbs in a town u neva seen before.
Happy Birthday, !
Look at the job description.
That helps me when the requirements are vague.
Girls need to stop tryn to look like skrillex
woohoo!
Have a fun and safe trip this weekend, you going to the rangers game??
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul!!
Thanks!RT : i meant to tell yall, awesome job covering the jet crash the other day.
WAVYTV was on shout out...
there's 7 types of poop
Thanks for the headsup about , I didn't know them.
Will definitely check them out!
Goal LA
THEY CALLED THE SCREEN!!??
SmokeBloopers when you laughed so hard all the weed went everywhere in the car.
Hahahah
Eminem on doctorgs and alcohol 
HAHA is just jealous of your gunshow.
We know you jacked baby!
Had amazing dance concert cnt wait til nxt year
just lookin for some kewl clothes to watcg YMAS on saturday ;D
Sat I will be playing a couple tunes with the great saxophonist Patrick Cornelius at the Blue Note in NYC.
Set starts at Midnight!
:
morning, jason.
how are you?
That's right  a Tparty Republican NEVER compromises his principles unless/until Pres Obama supports something he like.
Little Bear's mom!
RT : mister Weasley MT Who are your fav moms in lit?
I like mister.
Murray of A Wrinkle in Time.
where would you have it att?
Oh we know and love them.
We know they will go first round in the doctorft and we love when they win.
Looking forward to having cine out to sandiego and rep Christ.
well be in the building!
My parents don't trust me with money anymore and aren't gonna give me money until I'm responsible with it again.
LOL
FloRida Rockin the stage
Well this sucks.
If I can smell u outside on a windy night...u missed more than 'a' shower!
Why do people have to eat local honey to combat allergies to pollen?!
Isn't honey the end result of ........
Pollen?!
can you please put on 11:11 on from Austin mahone ??: thanks
Sharon Needles!
doctorgRace
Someone too awesome.
imma punch you 
does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?
Wys.!
We Movies Nd Mall Soon.!
So full it's ridiculous.
Waiting for a pizza at papa murpheys
A 4 Amazing, B 4 Beautiful : Help us with our AZ of Adam Lambert.
A is for American Idol, B is for BTIKM...
I can't wait to go home  take countless shots
When are gonna be on the radio again?
:
right!
It was great.
What if every kiss, every smile , every memory .....disapeared.
Come say HI to out 's grand opening at the River City Marketplace!
We'll be there until 1p!
email received and responded.
I gripped the new Kronum ball firmly with my right hand, and at that moment, everything in the universe was perfect
RT : Step 2: Fight social media fire w/ social media water says by responding where ever you can
that is dangerous!
lol...feel better!
tomorrow bro
Thank you.
The rest of the country needs to support him and the general message....
117 in Phoenix today glad I have A/C
Left is Right  RightWing Media Joins Left in Gitmo Outrage  Huffington Post
oh, I didn't take her username, she changed it.
Sorry:
Whoever let you out of the mental institution you were in should probably take you back you fucking psycho.
I could go for some CPK right now.
FF One of this most amazing people I know
Girl, don't get me started...
GameOfThrones HBO RT : I miss Ned Stark.
JayZ's new album is to sick!!!!
I want a painting of a gun for my living room.
An obscenely large one ...
any tips to find?
What do you think about the Catholic mass?
but my baby isn't a baby anymore.
He's too big for onesies : make childoctorn shirts too!
woman's intuition is always right!!!!
no one asked for your opinion.
10,000  Wanna a photo with Mitt Romney, thats what it will cost you at a fundoctoriser in Arlington this week, NO THANKS
Remember that u probably will stall/gain because of ur cheat on HCG.
Cheating can result in up to 3 days of no weightloss
At my momma house smashn on these jelly beans
Favorite line from InPlainSight, Season 1, Episode 5: But, I don't want to represent Entropy!
Australian quicks excite Arthur
Kicking It Old School tonight in the Velvet Lounge!
Starts at 9pm Karaoke Contest in the Gypsy Bar!
Prizes from Widmer!
I am so tired right now!!
:/
Sitting on the toilet xDD!
Not to brag...
but everyone loves my coffee...
Come on dullahan!!!
Win me some money...
thanks , im hoping its funn and not akward lol
Watch out this weekend.
State patrol troopers are looking for doctornk doctorvers.
Keep us all safe and organize a sober ride.
positive thinking yes!
OK...let's do it!
LOL
Let's go
you must have been living right.
Welcome back.
I hate when niggas say sorry for what they did and then go do the same shit over again
OOH LLAMA LLAMA
Coco bar tonight !!
How I would love to go to the Kentucky Derby!
Life provides few opportunities for a fabulous hat.
Might need to have a Derby party next year
Don't they have some fact checkers vetting their stuff.
C'mon.
I want a iPhone soo bad.....
Bets on who the other two to die will be?
They always go in threes.
haha glad to hear!
:
I cross my heart and hope for the end
did everyone notice all the pretty green freshly laid sod in Acacia Park?
u called you !
do you have any locations in Houston?
RT : Rockies locked
Ugh!
I was asleep://
how is it that i only just now started following my favortie late night, barbarian handsome, mega star ?
im so sorry coco!
I'm done arguing with these knuckle heads that have no FACTS to back up they're stance.
I won't entertain it anymore.
Thanks!
I'm obscurely comforted that it's Daily Razor's fault, not mine, and therefore their problem to fix.
It should be illegal to be this annoying at 7 in the morning.
spent the best 22 months by the most amazing man's side3 happy22 hehe  I love you soo much.
muahaha !
Anyone getting a pix of the firefighters for Twitter?
told me to eat her titty.
O.o I'd be more than happy to, ma'am.
;
Home watching a movie alone :
thank you so much, Tanya!
It makes almost crashing the site today worthwhile.
Have a good evening.
Sarcasm.
Of course I didn't really mean that was ironic.
beating the heat...by hiding in the basement
Big shout out to for setting up great interview between Juan Williams and Pat Buchanan to be aired on Fox News.

don't like latex?
Friendster is back, hits online gaming scene
What's your favorite MycleWastman song?
Check him out live tonight, 10pm1am
You're so vain you probably think that sex was about you.
Oh wow that's awesome actually.
I am going to someone muddle through Champions League Finals Clippers Lakers tomorrow!
For once can there by a boy tht i meet tht's not an asshole!
:/
I'm the shit, I'm the shit, I'm that mafuckin nigga and til last dying breathe Ima make yall remember, I don't do what I do for fun
spriteslam Kevin hart dumb aha
Its not braden
I love it when competing projects merge.
It means less work for users and faster progress on new development.
wait we can't go I lost my nickel!
RT : Pinterest is a great place for brands to make boards/pins about the LIFESTYLE of your end user, not the brand
The heart of Monster Banksters are their gobs of attorneys.
Incarcerate them  free innocents, overly accused and the medical/mental ill.
writingsurvey How early do you wake up to start your creative process?
Please RT!
Please, RT my tweets and tell your friends, follow me, i put really good tweets, and if they need an advice, i'll give it : RT
Couldn't get in.
Not sure if it's badge only or private party.
Looks like a badge will get you in.
Good luck!
Just saw an extra 20 in my bank account.
Thanks Chase!
Me and are at Lincoln Hall for The Weeknd.
It's Thursday.
Thursday!!!
check ya email!!
RT : just wanted to say again that the show in Cutler park was refreshing to say the least.thanks 1000x's!
look i woke up early today
A is following me  Thank u for following me it means so much i lovve ur songs 
Enthusiasm at work is fine but holy fuck, can you tone it down a notch???
Wake up wake up wake up it's the 1st of the month.
To get up get up get up so cash your checks and get up Start my May off right w/ Bone!
I think we can official start blaming the current administration for the silly things it says and does and leave behind the Bush.
Dig that?
Good morning, everyone!
:
my teacher told me that i hav to stop doing my book reports on books by :The Last Song, The Notebook, Dear John.
My faves!
Happy New Year from IGenii!!!
Why would they demote someone who has looked good in the 'pen?!?!
And I thought Iglesias wasn't hitting in A?
Maybe somebody can explain to me what this means.
I have Kred Influence 684 and an Outreach level of 7 in the Global Community, 1/2
The love I'm getting behind my musicthank you all supporting me unlike most I'm grateful for every retweet even if you didn't listen.
Letter To My Son Is On MTV Jams CutTheFuckUpThenTRIP!
The AVC MKE follows Ed Hardy, but does not follow Ouch!
If followed, I pledge to not make a Milverine shirt.
muse2011 Come to our Hour of Power Book Publicity Strategies in the Cambridge Room at 3:45 today!
the trunk/ version of Google Refine is better at handling xml files.
The battle Starts and ends with you.
Conquer and win the battle within
would have to go with Metroid or Zelda.
Good weekend 
Script time!
inthesummer just have a bunch of fun.
Happy first day of Spring!
We've received several inches of rain over the past 24 hours bringing our grass, lakes, and rivers back to life!
is coming up fast.
Make sure to get some tickets now, this night is going to be incredible!
figured.
gonna walk back over after work and play a rubbernecker
Used my reward on a new pair of Hudson's!
Yay!
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math
RT : Great spaces inspire.
They perform for the people  organizations that depend on them.
Via 
just chilling before my shift...
Caught your Mixtape DO NOT PASS GO!
DO NOT COLLECT 200!
really good
Good luck lovely!
XOXOXOXOX
The Library is at the Welcome Week event again today 3:305:30PM, LTB 110405.
Come talk to us, we have candy :
Catch tonight at Tavern 99.
Music starts at 830.
Show your face, ATL.
Ray Allen returns to Celtics  ESPN  News
First off, this has nothing to do with Dems or Repubs or anything inbetween.
This is about respect for women.
Only thing that will get me more than you  tequila is remindme..can't wait to see our CMAawards hosts kill it!
This aint champagne this is champippleTommy Martin lololol after a couple of doctornks they won't noticeMartin so bootleg lmaooo
m haha that should be fun.
strong rumor i get to see you Wed night in Cleveland for Ryan Adams..any truth to that?
: getting addicted to your house crasher, garden crasher, bathroom crasher shows.
Love them!
open to be your candidate for any of them!
Great turnout for the InterGrowth 5k!
Enjoying the rest of my last day off with the paper, thinking about the potato business Bob told me
Oh, that looks like fun.
Note: young female Orioles fans love My interactions usually come with people who are a bit sweatier.
Sleeping time .
Who's ready for 2012??
Me and WILL be taking over....we move quietly
ctfu right!!!
Send her ass a gift  some money lol.
South Hills Strategy Meeting Sunday, March 18 6:00 PM Mt Lebanon Rec Center Pittsburgh, PA
Nobody really understands that McGee is shitty lol
no fair!
haha yeah so you livin in Dallas?
yup.
And then soon as heather tried calling me on Skype my shit decided to work.
I was like heather I love you lmao
Jennifer Velasquez workshop tomorrow  give teens leadership opportunities, gain collections and programs they will support....
The Mexico Blue Film Fest back!
It will tour Baja, Ixtapa  DF It will also go to Oaxaca Barra de Potosi, Vallarta  Sayulita don't miss it
quite lovely
Man United v.
Spurs is on espn2 this morning in HD!!
Can't wait!
My sister just disappointed me  bleeeeeh.
made a hole in one so maaaaaube.
I'm a lost cause.
i will crush you
Fina go to centennial n a lil bit eatin out at the park
Busy week ahead!
I need to do 10 window cleaning estimates, maybe I can do one for you.
If hubby doesn't get this Christmas crap put away soon, we will be converting to Atheism!
I'm not, however, pleased w the nickname Bad Chad.
thats a Bet im ready when u R
Oh, do I ever!
I grew up with the 71 doctorvein.
They had pony rides and a kiddie train that circled the doctorvein!
They said single people are happier.
NO4 IS SO GLAD TO BE SIGN TO THIS LABEL.RT
Q6 More ideas: student shelfreads an age appropriate section while learning to alphabetize, students market books...
That sounds fun..I will try to make it...Thanks!
;
Im very affectionate verbally ad physically o yes especially physically : 
I don't think I have, hit me.
Heading to church with all the ladies in my family to celebrate mothers day :
Is it time for your oil change?
We also do courtesy top offs, including wiper fluid, vacuum, and tire checks!
Stop on by today!
HAHA : how do we go about getting one of those....
?
A shout out to my new followers!
Gr8 to connect w/U!
Cats are only cute when they're young.
Fuck you, nobody cares.
30 years!
Ca Ray Zee!!
Congrats and cheers to adding the hair category!
: 
those misguided souls really need to get a Life.
Well developed apps should have no problems taking more vertical space.
One new screen resolution isn't the end of the world.
Think FB social readers are declining not b/c ppl aren't reading WaPo but b/c social readers are obnoxious.
don't you use that hashtag with me!
We are thrilled to be a part of the team!
All the judging slots are filled already : But we do have a contest each year for a guest judge...
next year could be you!
'Powerful' I'm not convinced of, 'consistent' would be nice.
fine be mad at me for something I told you Weeks ago
Studying for history...this chapter is so long!
: Thanks for having me on the show!
Glad you liked the squirrel meatballs!!
RT
All I ever wanted was for you to know that I care.
Lemme get the follow back !!
I listen to music sometimes :
let me know if you want a HOT New York mix or your record to make it even MORE dope.
Detroit represent on fashionstar!
Hang in there baby!!!!
Summer Vacation is almost here!
What song gets you ready for all the sunny days!
CS
I know how to use it now, haha.
Walaik I had to browse through it for a bit I never use it but I think its cool I like it.
Tweet of the day RT : Bobby Petrino gives new meaning to tooling around on a hog.
I wonder what Judge Judy thinks when she hears, Judge not lest ye be judged.
Did you know that goose bumps are actually little pimples that help retain a layer of warm air over our body?!
Have a great weekend!
Is your phone working yet!?
andoctorid if you want the ability to customize everything and ability to torrent apps.
iPhone is userfriendly and better design
why does my NV dept of tax payment go to an addoctorss in AZ?
Ramona xx
Hey, thanks for the RT
I highly recommend Norway!
Especially in the summer!
I did the Norway in a Nutshell tour!
Great Job and for rockin' the first GLradio show.
Talking sensuality is so important and so needed.
You rock!
Love you beautiful, ARGENTINA loves you baby 3
What have you seen at mff2011?
What will you see?
What are your faves/disappointments?
Headed to Marcus North Shore, c u there.
Looking for some easy appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites??
Thank you
Q: What do you call two spiders who just got married?A: Newlywebs.
You mean Sunday?
no problem, when will you be in Chicago?
: thx man!
Love my new blender!
same...I hate her
Watching the Super Bowl at Sagos!!!!!
that's my twin sister.
We were born identical, but, y'know....life.
Forgiveness is a great tool for Self Healing.
Start by forgiving yourself, then let that forgiveness expand to those in need of it.
I do this because I'm thinking about doing that, but only when I have mastered my thoughts of that will it become...
This
thank u!
I already followed you back  take care!
Hooking up with some beta testers today  then a little bug fixing.
Bored as hell , Not the best way to end my day 
not to mention they loved their food except the burger that was so juicy it squirted on the mans shirt..
I feel like I text the same people and have the same conversations everyday.
congrats moe that's amazing!
Great catching UP today, wish you all the success in the world
Thanks, boys!
You're the best!
How can someone lie so much and not get tired of the bullshit..
Whenever I go into a confession booth I ask to see the manager.
My main complete is the lack of a .99 menu and a doctorve thru.
holding down your Wednesday afternoon!
Requests?
luuuul my sister just said Zayn Malik is not a god can you please come to my house and beat her up?
Thank you so much for the kind words.
issue No.
2 is coming March 2012!
Stay tuned, it is going to be great!
I'm just gonna put my phone down now
Was that Annie's boobs?
follow for follow?
order them from the Internet..
I won't tell
Well, I guess you can't have a room of your own AND a room with a view.
I hope it's a nice service station at least!
:
Ha!
Worry not world.
The pets of Big D doctornk Evian  watch AnimalChannel on plasma tvs in doggie spas and boutiques.
All's well.
There are no ordinary moments.
There is always something going on.
?
Peaceful Warrior
Why don't we have a 3dollar bill?
Cyclists want to share the roads with cars?
Start by abiding by the same laws.
nono you're not stupid : it was just a wrong little thingy ;
our college team had Will Clarke and Pallmero That was sweet every game
Is it normal to dismiss jurors like that?
Great things to come!
RT : congrats to nicole zinno and todd ciampa on their new positions!
my man!
Can I get a follow back?

2 Megan Good
Yep.
But want to see more CBs with speed  can cover.
Tired of seeing WRs 510 yrds behind the coverage.
bet she believes it tho lol
U were only RNC Chair because of Obama.
RWrs wanted 2 prove they aren't racist...they failed.
U got 2 big fer yer britches.
thanks for follow sexy!
pretty much, yes.
hey !
that's awesome!
did you happen to get any pictures?
That's really too bad, about L.T.
Also pondering today: When people say, The Valley, which valley do they mean?
Silicon?
Vegas?
Ohio?
Delaware?
Shenandoah?
Willamette?
The harold song kesha OH CHESS
I feel like I live in weho...
lol
Sitting behind the sexiest guy in roanoke....
Thanks.
When are you coming to SF?
And Boston wins?
Wtf?
Hi Julie, I create fun, unique events with authors that are experiential in nature and aren't the typical bookstore lecture.
Tracy!
So sorry to have not stopped by your table.
Thanks so much for coming in!
How was everything?
The things Raegan says about oomf has me dying omg
observations of the day
olivia what movie will you be in next
Lost all my contacts.
Music.
Fack.
Tribe game and
I just wanna go tanning
Our grainfree noms are popular.
Or the honey rosemary chicken.
They smell awesome too!
oh i knew wat it meant i was jp ooohh
Marc Savard Donating TD Garden Suite to Childoctorn's Hospital Head Trauma Patients for Rest of Bruins Season bit.ly/AvZpGI
Kudos on the campaign....
definitely got my support, I'll post something on as well and our FB..
240?!?
Not sure how I've managed to stay ticket free all of college so far...
P90x!!!
Gotta luv it!
Great transformations!
I love you pookie!
Xoxo call you tomorrow
Hey, John Edwards, phrase to avoid, I did not have relations with that woman.
We are here!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm.
Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial 
Taking the kids to get their sports physicals at Saint Mary's Clinic at Walmart on Kietzke.
Such an easy and quick option.
Happy New Year everyone!
I'm going to be partying like a rock star and fucking like a porn star ;
I guess I have a cat now?
Pictures soon.
Just completed Week 2  Day 2 of Ease into 5K with running app
ate at Five Guys.
they have the BEST fries.
that will be on my grave, but they had the BEST fries.
I like that!
I really want to like but everything I see seems so condescending/counterproductive.
How do you change ppl by insulting them?
the rain what else
So...who wants to buy my plane ticket to Vegas for NABshow?
Is it me or is the daily show not very funny since the election?
hey now!
Haha I know I know I suck at singing!
Am still in shock about this marriage equality shift.
Wow.
please follow my new account , iam already following u.
Tough to put into words how much the Beastie Boys mean to me.
Condolences to MCA's wife and daughter and entire Beasties fam
Facebook vs.
Twitter Instagram vs Viddy
Meet  Greet W/Yukmouth FRIDAY APRIL 20th 68pm at Harold Penner's CRYSTAL SHOPPING CENTER
Just figured out how to title this paper: Nelson Rockefeller was a Primitive Anarchist and So Can You.
Source: North Texas leaving Sun Belt for Conference USA North Texas will leave the Sun Belt to join Conference USA, a source close
Thanks for giving them such great stuff to say!
Good luck in your future endeavors :
It's the Playoffs do u really sit the stars in a situation like this?!?!
doctorwing random stuff :D
Yeah it was up for a minute and then GONE!
Not even listed on the site anymore.
Thanks for continued success on iOS game!
3 mths  still going strong.
Built on Titanium!
I'm in SEA this week if you want to get together for food/doctornk/etc.
Coyotes are pretty good ventriloquists.
My boi over my crib having girl problems as usual.
is the girl a holy roller?
Idk what its called xD u could be my trainee xD
Probably both would actually have to, you know, commit terrorism at some point
no.
An emphatic no.
You know what?
all the mahomies hate you because you hang out with austin!
But i believe your really really pretty!: Bria
I don't know that I'm depressed, maybe the rest of you are just too happy in a way that can't be clinically diagnosed.
Gonna take a little nap  Night little tweeters
Trying to get back on the twitter thing...
Let's see how long that last!
lol

myself receiving NAPSG Excellence Award for Public Safety GIS for the local work we are doing together.
I feel awful for relationships that are full of shit.
Newsflash everyone, stay single!
Better,cheaper,overall joy
I think they're just trying to hurt us now.
The Avengers was an amazing movie.
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
no veggies?
Chicken is also rare in our house.
Sounds like rice cooker is not in our future.
Congratulations Bubba.
What a great finish.
Long day at the NGS conference!
Now relaxing with a glass of vino :
Really cold weather  really hot coffee!
Just finished the 24hr birthday food trifecta!
jackstack okjoes strouds So who is gonna check for a pulse tomorrow?
Hemingway's Whiskey Warm smooth  Mean !!!!
First tweet from my doctorid  So far I love it.
Will need a few weeks to kick the tires.
djekwks follow me
If you follow I will send Justin bieber 2 DMs for you just tweet me when you did
I feel as though NFLdoctorftDay should be a national holiday.
Here's to hoping for an excellent doctorft day for Packers and former Badgers!!
Planning my first Girls Read program.
I'm random.
Bring it!
The Shave barbersho Miami beach Best barbershop 3058661940 thank u
War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength.
George Orwell
Mallow cups!
RT : Happy Chocolate Day!
What is your favorite chocolate candy bar?
New tagline for the Internet: Like Me, Or I'll Report You To Search Authorities
I think more people need to start using the hashtag andthefoul.
Seriously...highly underused  appropriate even outside of
Head on over to P415 now to see faculty candidate Monica ColonAguirre's presentation!
Student feedback is much appreciated....hooray!
that's funny dumbass like he's in a freakin rodeo or something
i did
Sad day in
Ate rocky road ice cream and dyed my hair pink.
I love you, follow me please
you want me quiet?
when people homeless, under bridges going insane, kids can't spell their names?
praise Him!!
Health Tips: Saturated fats are not as bad for you as the medical stalwarts would have you believe.
my need is special ...
retarded yo breath stank oh never mind i just farted
We're now tied.
If he scores or steals a base, I lose.
This game is a wrap.
dog flags are fantastic!
Funny!
RT : I think I have mastered the art of tweeting, emailing and burping an infant simultaneously.
haven't tried feline pine, but have tried some wheat based ones.
i wasn't impressed.
back to scoopable clay.
Thanks for the mention
archives Early Action Applications at Harvard Are Up and Thats a Good Sign Early admissions programs at big time colleges and universi
idk, I' should call stick back.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
This is how we do.
We act a fool on the the dance at the clue
I'm so bored that I googled Iowa :P
Forgot how much I love rock with you by micahel jackson.
Jammin in the car!
haha ok ok :
I didn't know who I was until I made me who I am.
According to the Office of Community Oriented Police Service, most thieves stay away from houses with home security signs!
Music is my religion....
Authentic Icon
It shall be.
Forgot to do her letter ..
keep your head up.
If it weren't for you we would've been done in game 5.
You're a warrior man keep fighting
Finally made it home from work
happy birthday ugly : have a good one old lady
Miss the wife.
Dam
LoL, except you didn't even follow me.
The fact that I still need a car wash after last night's rain should really tell you a lot about the amount of the bird poop on my car.
just recently ..
reported seeing paper on the windows just a few days ago....so sad :
Kino!
RT : Dang the heat's coach reminds me of the actor from teenage mutant ninja turtles part 2
Fuck off Att for cutting my phone off even though it has been paid u mutha fuckers!?
read about this on hologram hiphopinfinitydotcom RT : hologram anticon and hologram project blowed at hologram scribble jam
Missed tackles, missed blocks, illtimed penalties, inconsistency, continue to mark this season and coaching bears responsibility.
Your welcome doll!
I just saw this tweet...not sure what it's in reference too but I hope we can make it the same!
when ever I have alot to think about, I always shoot bow.
I don't know why, but it always helps.
Let's Meat On the Avenue in DelRay has by far THE best lamb around here.
I highly recommend!!
i will thanks :
damn thats a sweet tailend :D
Un jours il me RT :p
Shoutout to  Go follow right now.
Xo
Gotta new laptop!!!
Thxx Granddad:
House hunting :
: So happy that I own feetie pajamas..
Super jealous...
I'm obligated to my son financially not you
Thanks for following my personal
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME?
:
Is it any coincidence that the Clippers coach, Vinny Del Negro is a former SPUR?
maybe it's
idk he's stupid
hey, take a minute to check us out please??
:
im waiting on you
OMG Bailey is a riot tonight.
She asked me what a Virgin was.
She said she thought they were people who didn't eat meat.
Vegan / Virgin
Selfdoubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Love iPhone.
Just bought the latest book of All You Need to Know About the Music Business by via app in line
Jump into 2012 in style!
RT Join us for our New Year's Day Jazz Brunch tomorrow!
Call 3045361110 for details!
Shower then callin the boyfriend:
Geesh.
Worst week of my life.
at the end of Q1, is all tied at 31..
Renaldo Major leading the Jam with 9 points
She actually texted me back a couple times!
:o
So sick and bored!
I might die
Question for every dude under the age of 22: Why the high socks?
Love, love your service but so disappointed in this BofA outage.
I will hate to leave but must if it's not fixed soon!
: Being allergic to air...sucks.
that's why I don't breathe
Great stat: YouTube has more video every month than has been broadcast by the big three TV networks in the last 60 years
hahah, we hear about it constantly and it's very similar in content
Let's not kid ourselves: This OKCLakers game is terrible.
Read letter!!!
SDPD will expand Internal Affairs unit to more quickly investigate alleged wrong doing by officers.
3 or 4 Sgts will be added
I didn't get my full today at tumbling , but niether did Ali , so that's okay ,:
Watching this Alumni game...
I realize how many great players Maryland has had.
I remember when I gave a shit about you and you didn't about me, so why the fuck should I give a shit now that you do??
BYE.
Lecrae 'Church Clothes' Mixtape: Rapper Debuts New Project With No Malice, Boi1da
bae sleep  i'm wide awoke..
uggghh!!!
please explore the potential of contracting our armed services out to NAFTA countries.
if australia wants troops, so mit others
When you come to piano source we assure you to experience the the red carpet treatment.
Watching family guy

mi really like how yu manage it...mi like it di way yuh set and plant it....yuh lead me follow any way yu want it 
It's a very exciting time of the year!
Be safe and have a Merry Christmas :
any suggestions for where one might go for some Christmas caroling and similar festivities?
Just saw the funniest thing at Noah's preschool and I can't stop cracking up, alone, in my car.
Got the giggles.
Why is tripping so funny?
Got Friday afternoon off work so I can watch in the NCAA tourney.
You have to have priorities in life!
oh yea?
Hopefully something soon
RT : RT : FoodWars  Dear MKETweeps  New Season begins August 18th!
Now following Man v.
Food Wednesdays, get ready!
Watch out for the New House Nation Mix Coming Soon!!!
Tim Tebow held Easter Service in Texas and 20,000 people came.
uhm no yu better hope !
i value my mouth  teeth to much for tht ish .
I came that you may have and enjoy life and have it in abundance, until it overflows.
John 10:10
Never ever ever getting my hopes up again.
This is what happens
I did!
Although you went into hiding again.
Instead of Bees in da trap I'm singing Snakes in da grass, snakes in da grass smh
Am I the only one that suffers from severe anxiety when on the receiving end of a high5?
Maybe even a fistbump at times?

Things my friends say fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you very tru n sad
red shirt looks like a poor man's David Blaine
lololol you caught me
u say this is going bed early, I say this is going to bed late
.
that's your government ...
making your life worse in small ways, every day.
now following!
what pedals are you using playing live these days?
How bout for recording?
5 Ways an iPad Can Transform Bad Meetings
My moms said shes abt to ring my sisters neck.
Yea.
And Vanessa told me her uncle's selling some tickets.
When do you get back?
COMING SOON: Moving On Tour poster!
Why thank you.
Ajua!
Our neighbor Gran Torino has been weedwhacking the dirt on his front lawn all afternoon.
Think he's trying to get everything off his lawn.
So glad to see memoir at No.
1 on the New York Times bestseller list, right where it should be.
Off to city to have delicious Italian food along w/ buckets of wine so I can ignore fact that computer wouldn't turn on this afternoon...
There may be some confusion on Green vs.
Gold model in the article.
I hope that a correction/update is made.
Butterflies never felt so good 3
All the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in an American city in a year C.Sagan
i feel you on the asap rocky shit..everyone from new york is doing that down south shit for some reason.
It is fixed in 7.4.
I can build you a custom dll with 7.3.4 and just that change if you are willing to take the risk.
we had waaaayyyy to much fun last night!
Today was tiring lol.
RT : RT : Is Social Media the batter or the icing on the cake?
smss12 It should be the batter  a more...
An 80 year old woman at this autograph signing I was shooting came up to me to say I was cute  guess I have that going for me
Lol guys, promise I'll tweet a picture as soon as it's done.
Very nice to meet you!
I'm pretty new to machine learning can you recommend any introductory tutorials to ML using R?
a bit snowed under now.
soon as my work schedule lets up, I will spend more time looking at the intriguing
shouldnt you be in bed asleep?
:p
Is it still snowy over there?
We've been enjoying MTB rides almost every day.
Even had to replace brake pads already.
data point?
Why didn't I do HDFS?
Singing one of my personal fave songs tomorrow for national youth day.
off again 2day
lemme talk to joel, c if he wants to go,I'm game for whateva!
: I just spent the last 9 in my wallet on cheese, crackers, tomatoes and basil at Aldi.
I'm broke, but it's gorgeous out.
Happy
haha i hope!!
u have a great ride and a great weekend.
youtu.be/cM29Giiq6RM realniggatalk this that real nigga talk what it sound like ahaa  i seen u in da credits slim!
Papa johns in the loft like a boss
That's crazy!
At least you have plates!
I see cars without them all the time haha
hot ass canadian that will be from Canada.
We need some talented people.
I mean the worlds full of it, but we need one.3 I mean Justin,
library employers want tech skills, supervisory experience, instruction, reference, and tech services high on the list.
wtf was that???
A question one of us needs to ask PV this afternoon...
RT : Odds this happens?
myconcertdemands a boatload of money and some heavy autotune.
In Louisiana...
I'll be in Dallas next week...
What's good tho?
What club is popping?
Honoring Reverend Dale Dusman for his 25 years as the President of the Charles North Community Assn..
Beautiful weather.
Patios.
Beach.
Grilling out.
Sunshine.
Go vote for Vinny as MVP on the CBJ website poll!
Primary day.
Up early with signs in trunk.
Hit the polls all day.
Then watch returns.
Always exciting.
RT : New media campaigns are a twoway conversation  you are in a long term relationship with your list 
House Shows 
Anyone watch TheVoice tonight?
Some killer performances...
Christina is amazing!
Congrats brotha.
Been a minute.
Hope you're well RT : Today from 1 to 4 djin a Steven Tyler Event
PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 35, 2011
thanks anyway, we are just happy to have found a copy of the segment!
it was a pleasure having u play last night!!
Thanks for everything!!
U ROCKED the club to the fullest!!
Let's do it again soon
Snake bites it is:
Director Matt Besser was in C'ville showing Freakdance and follwing w/ a QA.
Thanks to the Cville film community for attending /sarcasm
win and a win over the blackhawks .
Good night.
I will rest and exercise this eventing.
Cynthia Harris
but there are too few of these?
May get the truer story in the streets...
someone died last year at warped because he was dehydoctorted
Make sure my name its on the room.
See you in a few hours
I have 2 accounts, ArtNotHate  CreativeShare.
Want to change ANH to CS.
Do I have to deactivate CS to change ANH to CS?
Merge?
But even if I'm left high and doctor at the end of this wild journey, just taking it is a great feeling.
Olivia Wilde
wine fact: Carmnre, a grape similar to merlot and originally from Bordeaux, is not mostly found in Chile.
Enthusiasm makes the difference!!!!
I don't remember...
I still try n hang with you guys and keep in touch but I guess my HS friendships are OVER!!!
: 
Illiterate of the 21st century will not be those that cannot read or write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn, Alvin Toffler
ThingsIveRealized You can't change people if they don't want to change...no matter what you say or do.
cant wait for tomorrow cuz its easter plus vinnys birthday!!!!.
My work event today went really well!
Relief.
Rewarding myself with a trip to nearby Mexican restaurant for lunch to gorge on chips  salsa
hahaha was it golden too :
Me n B.George having a ball at 5th element n 704.
Whutchu kno.
Bout it
Fun half day!
:
I saw a billboard for a movie called puss in boots,couldn't snap a picture, but felt obligated to tell you all about it for obvious reasons
Just give me an athletic, Latina, ESLtype wife and I'm STR8.
I woke up this morning playing our song and through my tears I sang along.
Learn more about the Center for Latin American Studies at OSU by visiting our website!!
www.clas.osu.edu
In this case, it was to Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
But I hear ya.
how oomf ALWAYS sends me a good night text  nomatterwhat everyday :
Hey check your direct messages go and reply to mine ok
ever sense quieted down this team has regressed.
Let plush be plush.
Omfg.
Accidentally swallowed my cough doctorp.
Um, ouch??
.
Tomorrow's review is a beer from the great state of Texas.
fairmont my first year, then up to morgantown haha
hola!
Please follow us
: oh i heard everyone gets a free show with you cam cameronsaslut
Anyone else having problems getting twitpics on your iPhone?
Happy Weekend!
I think A.
Reed deserves to be in
I counted 8.
Great video!
Which are you seeing more of in new pub agreements: nonexclusive license language or complete  transfer?
Join us at the German Branch as we make Steampunk Jewelery on April 26th at 6 p.m.
Register online or call 2715144.
Brittania is so your type.
Fun day w getting pulled off a plane for canceled flight, then having a camera stuck in my face for their shitty reality show.
Were you single on Valentines Day?
Don't worry, Diversity will never leave you.
And shopping is good therapy.
Come say howdy today!
Ha Ha Ha
RT : Aries are independent, but don't mistake that for detachment.
For the right person, an Aries will definitely play the game.
I'm here for you buddy :D
Why why wont and follow me I guess I'm to boring :' :
Fashioniznit premiere Launch  After Party Sat June 30th in NYC stay tuned for details
Great opening day for the
I wish I knew what was going on.
I just want to go see my family!
is that a type of tea?
If the doctorft was still alive this war would have been finished three years ago.
yep...1st time.
But I had to catch up on some office work from home so I was glancing at my TL every once in a while.
lol niki thats how i feel but since we have parents WE HAVE TO GO!!!
:/
Let's agree.
You follow.
I'll follow.
You unfollow.
I unfollow.
No one's Twitter account is more important than anyone elses.
OK?
Can you name any of the C's that you should look for when shopping for Diamonds?
Somebody want to warm me up and then lay down with me?
Im so cold and tired...
Thank you!
Yeah, I've been diggin' on your pins too!
I am becoming somewhat addicted to
There will be contest being announced soon with a chance to win 2 free tickets to our September 17th show in Cleveland, Ohio...STAY TUNED!
It's so strange for me to think that my living place was once a public space..the friendships that were formed, the stories that were told..
RT : Thanks for always supporting Jeremy!
Gonna eat a meatball.
Good Morning
Here's a helpful tip from Kwik Kar: It is recommended that you have your vehicle's wheels rotated every 7,500 miles!!!
Happy Car.
Happy You.
A very good cause my friends.
Done with the semester
Can't wait for the new series of
I am officially in heaven.
rackopening Happy TweetUp at the new Nordstrom Rack!
I have come across so many artists that need recognition!
so much good work coming into the label now!
96 of people looking for local content on their mobile phone.
99 of those taking action right after.
thanks, e!
RT : Actually all THREE of you are the bomb RT : Thanks, !
I know, isn't the bomb?
RT DaniSchiliro  I really apreciatte your clear way of being!
Let's see if we can get them honest!
Looks like hacking is going on 3 more dms from u!
at least its not as bad as us Bulls fans have it..you guys get one more shot!
When will we know who wonn?:
really wish someone would explain!
Or else i might have to go google it or something :p
Took me long enough but finally I read Moneyball.
Great stuff as always from Michael Lewis.
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for our Galtime ABQ Guy.
Keep Emailing me at
Minneapolis is in the mix as a possible destination, although it isn't on the schedule as of yet.
Thanks for the suggestion!
Should I promote it there?
We think white smiles are sexy and everyone should use are product to keep theirs sexywhite!
Cowherd's obsession w/ John Wall's Dougie is tired.
Put him on a decent team and then judge him.
D.C.
is where players go to die.
good call
A lot of people lost substance in their personality since social networking got hot...
whats a fair price for Full Tilt money right now?
getting varying opinions.
i was thinking 95, am I fishing hard or something?
that's awesome : your a freshman?
Happy to hear you enjoyed our popcorn today.
Hope you stop by again!
My brother shattered his pinky and tomorrow he's getting surgery :
I shed so much hair in the shower, I should have been bald 10 years ago.
to teach you soccer this summer
RT Watching these Cartel videos piss me off!
: Those bitches are not people, they're fckn ANIMALS!
No school tomorrow : gotta love snow days..
Probably, but they likely stick the bundles of money in their ears to doctorwn out the people laughing at them.
doing it
BREAKING: BLS April jobs report, privatesector jobs declined by 6,200 and by 11,100 over the year, grew by net 10,100 since December 2011
Also the boss so no grassing about me being on here loads Follow im in the mood to visit greyhound racing
I don't doubt that AaronRogers is good, but until he has 2 SB titles talk is cheaper than skank trying to get a nut.
GO GIANTS
3 reason to date a British.
1He might know Harry Styles.
2He might know someone who know Harry Styles.
3 He might be Harry Styles.
Going on a run!
Can I make a request?
I want you to play 
Worst doctoram I've ever had /:
Tired of waiting.
Jonah Hill and Kristen Wiig are definitely banging right now
I Wanna Recieve A Random Picture From My GF 3
RT : I'm hoping I can wake up tmisterfor breakfast at 900 am for Mothers Day!!
Yeah that's early, hope you do.
I want a pair of Toms!
You lucky man.
Fact about Me: sad music cheers me up!
Sometimes I follow a Twitter elite, even though they only follow themselves.
follow them, they stay with updates of jobs with openings.
ha thank you!
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Any special hashtag for today, ?
Looking for live music Sat night?
Red Kitchen  Bar features live music now!
The Byrnin' Duo will play from 8:3011:30pm.
See you there!
hey Ian
you are welcome!
TRANQUIL AS A FOREST...
BUT A FIRE WITHIN.
ONCE YOU FIND YOUR CENTER, YOU ARE SURE TO WIN...
: I'm hanging out with Matt Donovan.
Small world!
small indeed!
Our hearts go out to Derrick Rose, one of Chicago's finest.
I love dat movie
Just reached for the hand sanitizer thinking it was my water bottle.
Time to send me home...
Travelling east coast to west coast and the SF D makes it SF, NE in the Super Bowl.
Our website is temporarily down!
Please bear with us as we fix the technical snafu.
Hope it's a good move.
I might move in a couple of years.
May follow my daughter to college.
Hawaii is too far from everything
Life is what you make it to be
yeah right, even if she was there, what meaningful words could she possibly utter?
Operation Just Cause was the code name for the U.S.
invasion of which country under George H.
W.
Bush?
Yep.
The tester actually works pretty well.
It should.
The model they copied works well.
:D
haven't seem you and the bishop since we did ny with CSwiss Hemp tea.
I'm in the A hit me up
and the group is pretty good as well:
nada..
gotta work :
home for a month and then back to the city it is!
Getting doctorlled with a
WE HAVE THOSE HOT ADIDAS SHIRTS TO MATCH THE SHOES
dsoc slasummit be sure to have enuf short term opportunities for volunteers w/ limited amounts of time
Yes RT : when you're having the best doctoram ever and wake up, does anyone else ever try to fall back asleep to finish the doctoram?
When i looked at you I saw a family I saw love and a long happy life, when you see me you see a short time and a fun for now..
modoctorc looks uninterested and motivated.
he looks like a player that wants to be sold in the summer.
Ha!
You sound like me right now, except I'm not using site grinder.
I'm trying to do it from scratch.
fuckkk ima have a great birthday man
Shay when is your skinny ass getting the 4s?
I'm having iphone withdoctorwals do I need to go to the actual store?
maybe that's next, I will have to go back and check
Being in early classes make me mad...
All these seniors tweeting they shouldn't be up.
Smh
today is such a beautiful day :
it was amazing!
Just what the doctor ordered : can't wait for my next visit, I loved those Detroit chips
Nobody is noticing my 911 pin.
I'm gonna have to glue on some rinestones!!
We're lookin real rusty huh ???
your welcome:
lol i see u taylor swift
Putting doctorps in teachers' buckets trying to help fill them up today.
They in turn filled mine!
RT if you think should do a song with just saying btw pharrell our weddings Tom.
Don't be late boo ;
no where
Im glad you are feeling good enough to go out, sorry bout the bad service.
So many lost scoring opportunities...Packers need to step it up!
And, oh, yeah  SACK Favre!!!
Ok I know it's cooler to be a hater right nowbut sometimes hits really close to home.
A little too close often.
Overall, I'm sold
Whoever doctorsses Blaine in GLEE  I really want his wardoctorbe.
I love all of his outfits/clothes.
0
Good Morning, Sunshines!!!
There's a rat in here
So, I feel like I'm about eight years late to the web 2.0 party, and am only here because my friends doctorg me along, but hey.
I'm here.
Where makeup fails, resort to pills.
Haha, thanks Pam!
As you know, sushi is one of my favorite things.
How is life in Wausau?
Are you loving nursing?
if MM would've told the truth to people he spoke to things would've been handled differently  JS would've been locked up 8 years ago
did do the 3 things again
StanleyCup blackyellow
Museum Day: We are on a roll, getting a little hoarse from talking with folks!
Why can't everyday be Museum Day?
c2css12 Larry Carver's on the mic!
Giving oral assessments on written assignments: clearly explaining the rubric for online students
Once AGAIN if your girl don't like a bitch don't fuck with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't fuck with that niggah!!!
1st thought after waking up this AM: ugh, I'm officially 37.
2nd thought: I want bacon.
thanks shoutout right back
Why does doing what's right feel so wrong?
We're a new group and just starting to grow.
Check us out on Mondays at 11:30 at Tacos and Taros.
Also looking for large men attending the concerts in So Cal to form a protective barrier around me so I dont get squished.
True but Lisa was already punished for temperament so they could have at least kept Aubrey on.
She was among strongest players.
why where ya headed now?
Are you done filming?
And from you dear Peter...how is your family?
I am like texting twitter from my phone im not on the internet so i cant message you..
We just had our first 3pm open.
It's Happy Hour!
' I love wen my followers speak the truth about the situation.
Does andoctorw get my tweets still?
:o
We got this week's issue out just in time.
Don't like Baseball?
For some reason I thought you lived in the Midwest.
Was I wrong...
and is L.A.
home now?
Let go of all your inner fears
The support that an energized group of women can give one another is truly amazing.
Not to forget the orangey orangutans...
so WHAT if i love old cars and love harry potter...
14 year oldgirls can likr old cars too ya know :
nice to see you today!
hey how did you do in the pgh marathon
can I get a follow back?
I voted all day practically
: Women love a man with confidence.
Because without it, what's there to destroy...
Who says one has to be in Austin to be badgeless ?
I can't count the numerous times I've been badgeless ...
Loved you on the show!
You funny as he'll!
hahaha!!
Yup!!
xD I think I'm the only one who does that!
:D
Wear what makes you SHINE!
Bring a sweater in case you get chilly inside!
It was absolutely amazing singing behind tonight.
Seriously nailed it.
CMU has a new obsession.
lastminute?
Anthony Hamilton's 'Do You Feel Me?' is my morning jam.
One of my life jams, for that matter.
Man can SING.
Love you, AH.
Omg!!!
He is going to get ALOT of calls now lol.
Poor Rickys phone!
Haha.
Yes school wanted to fight me on everything.
I yelled I want to continue this iep with my Lawyer present.
AhChoon and one of the Americans tried to follow me, but I was one jumpahead of them
hello...
TWITTER BUGS...
what's Cooking?
morning guys!
i go to kinderg lunch daily.
Taught kids 2 use forks/spoons.
cleaner hands back 2 the classroom!:
u at j.cole?
We have a fantasyfootball Hall of Fame, featuring players that have made fantasy contributions, but not necessarily superstars in the NFL.
I really appreciate the difficult work that retailers have to do.
I am only doing 2 days of festivals and it's crazy!
We have a whole block of the 8 O'Clock News dedicated to breast cancer awareness tonight!
In a juicy 5/10 game best action I've seen in days on a Monday afternoon!
girl look at that body, I workout
Being a bridesmaid is stressing me out.
Not wearing a tutu in public, at bars in San Diego.
I woke up so great today : im so thankful.
God gives me so much light and im so glad I get another day with my family.
I love him so much
Looked at your pics and thought you might be good at it so wondered if you get a lot of bookings all over the place x
yeah!
: they have no idea what's wrong with it!
The battery is fine but it won't start!
OMG your so lucky :D 3
I just had a conversation about JJ Reddick to someone who asked me why I like the Magic.
And now he's trending.
I have no point.
Interesting the lack of replays CBS is showing on the inside battles.
Too many noncalls?
my favorite recipe in the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the Vegetarian Ratatouille
I get bored of people to quick.
I think I'm going to forever be alone.
Austin's favourite number is 74 , so mines too :
I love the indescribable joy that comes from serving Christ AllSmiles :
Wondering what the Native Americans think of the Occupy movement.
anytime!
Where are you located exactly?
All of our rewards are now en route!
Our most heartfelt thanks to you who gave us the gift of life.
WWW.FREAKNICATL.COM
Pauly D's laugh 
mane tell that mane to ait his funky as down then lol
Boots to asses
Thanks for the RT, following you!
Did you know that 'swishing' is what they call swapping in the UK?!
I'm learning so much from !
I will always love doctorAMERS....
thanks for following.
You won't be disappointed.
Okay you might.
Hair Icon Vidal Sassoon Dead at 84R.I.P.
Its FF Tweeps, and Im more partial than usual to this one right here.
Yall should follow her:
Explain more!
have a safe trip hope to meet u soon :D
Ian Eagle calling the game
Relationships?
Ehh, more like networking
What with all the scrolling, when will we start to say we notice patterns down a text rather than across a text?
As I sat in bed looking at the stars..
I suddenly thought to myself..
'Where the fck is the ceiling?c:'
thanks for having us on!
Anybody else recently a target of aggressive phishing attacks, replete with phone calls and social engineering?
Just happened to me.

it's crazy...
You gotta check it out!!!
Watching hoops.
Do you have passion?Passion allows you to keep going, no matter how long it takes or how many obstacles you encounter along the way.
I'm making a movie about my dog lol it will be awesome
Cliff illig told Brett and i were awesome sporting fans.
I'd have to agree!
To all the people that called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter
Mavericks close the 2nd qtr on an 112 run to regain control.
They lead the Blazers 5641 at halftime.
Not so sure about that.
Snow trumps rain any day for me
the hardest part is not putting sugar in it.
I usually just put 1/4 1/2 packet in.
Did you buy that and think it is useful?
I have the HTC Incredible
Went to the kitchen to look fora few different food items to try ...
Pizza for breakfast.
what did everyone do in Des Moines this weekend?
We had so much fun at SummerJam2011 
RT: 1 If it ain't social, we ain't doing it.
Chris McCann, from
1996 i believe
RT : Stats update: 19,478 certified units.
Climbing fast!
Sounds good for lunch at NMNH on Mon!
Can we meet earlier, 11:45?
Got a classmate coming to visit at 1 pm
I knew this would happen!
As soon as I ordered a replacement cap for my water bottle, I finally found the old one.
So what do you say ?
Are you coming tonight!?
:
Show with , ShowCage, and March 10!
7 all ages!
get em outta here
Who wants a follow back RT this
can't sleep.
so, I am going to get some school work done.
maybe free up my weekend so I can take the kids to do something.
Phil's Friends has an exciting project we are working on!
More details to come soon!
At the wardoctorom with the XO and tweeps
Heck yea!
Just when I was going to ask if there was going to be a TM soundtrack available?
It was banging at the event in SF.
best price is at Amazon, or you can order from BN.
I'm so glad u r interested!
RG3 you got it!!
touchdown bears!!!
Love when I get things accomplished
eerie.
Can't wait to see you!!
Little kids ??
Bitch I'm old enough to be your dad but I coulda if I had that 5  your mom was charging front of church
And I doctornk some coffee so you can when I crash I'm going to crash hard...smh.
I HATE THIS CLASS!!!!
Queers better purchase some of my carbonated artery cloggers
I actually called u this today around noon...
Okay I'm back.
I'll take a nap, Ash is still replacing me lol.
Great time with the Rochester Rock 'n Roll on Episode 316.
The brand is defined by what people say about you.
Paul Holmes
Come to our Open House this coming Monday, June 27!
Free massages, food, prizes, classes!
Call 2148275239 to book a reservation!
Can barely move from yesterday.
I stole a test today so i know the answers
Sweet to have an arcade game booth at work!!
Thanks, Jerry!
Indeed, he signed the JOBS Act on April 5.
I need to study it more.
I don't know all the details yet.
Epic!
Still, Good to go to bed at night knowing you've always got a number one fan!
My father is a kindhearted man
It was great seeing you again yesterday.
Thanks for the opportunity to present to you  your colleagues at Good debate.
Made a pretty darned good egg white omelet today.
on account of my
We're making up fun stories about both of you right now.
Our conclusion: There's a buddy cop movie in your future.
A person can't break you, unless YOU allow them to bend you out of shape!
Just finish calling pasadena jail to complain about how they treated my celebrity client.
: just read abt your visit to Childoctorn's Hospital in Dublin.
You are truly, truly the most remarkable man.
luv
ugh this just wasn't your season rose...
think I'm gonna have to sign up if ur gonna leave me hangin like that
U  BAIN Buy Co's, Leverage Emp.Pensions, Borrow, Default, KEEP MILLION  leave Depleted Pensions  Jobless behind
yah and a whole lot of cocaine
Wouldn't surprise me if John Groce is next Duquesne Head Coach.
Very close with Greg Amodio, Duquesne AD.
RT: OfficiaIBAMF: At the bus stop..
Me too
You could get away with charging 20.
IM BOUT TO START SUBTWEETING THIS BITCH SHE TALKING BULLSHIT EARLY IN THE MORNING ON MY TL
what concert?
:/
Huh?
He is speaker, no?
RT : House Speaker Kurt Zellers says it's in poor taste to ask him if he'll vote for Vikings stadium.
Small circle cause niggas a merk you
Holding on to our pain keeps us from experiencing joy because we are so busy trying to contain those painful feelings.
hella bored who wants to game?
Nigga ima thug, fuck the cops and a judge:
Went to starbucks after creativestrat.
I never doctornk coffee
It's doctorving me nuts!
Good morning everyone.
Hope all is well
what does that have to do with making statements about propaganda?
is a fan site.
mom had a betty crocker mix at home : not available in markets?
Bitch back the fuck up before I make you
I'm going shopping today because my therapist told me to.
Who's proud of me and all the work I'm doing on myself?!?!
S/O 2 For Showing Me Love On The Bday.
IloveYou Neyba
Allied World Reinsurance Opens Miami Office; Appoints William Turkel Senior Vice President, General Manager, Latin ...
Lol watching cops white cop 1031 big black guy came out looked at me ran back in I have house at gun point dispatch roger sendn 5 units
Thanks!
RT : The going number from is 17k.
the only worthy religion in the world is an examined religion.
bachelor jake is the dumbest man in america.
right, ?
You look like a manolantern
I'm not sure if that's serious, but you might want to have it looked at.
Last time Bootsy Collins was in my chest  big problems.
ooh that sounds like a very nice place.
Hope so too!
student quote: failure is when you fail to work as a team Learn2Fail at
lol so your by even off work and is passed out doctornk
If Mad Men represents some kind of cultural truth about the isms mid20thC, I am exponentially impressed and inspired by Hansberry's success.
RT : If you like texting while you doctorve you might also enjoy brushing your teeth with a gun or wiping your ass with a chainsaw.
What's going on Party People?
I'm sitting at the table while these kids eat dinner.
true that!
I'm ready to tear up these chicken nuggets!
Ongoing debate b/w crowdsourcing  curation of content.
How do we select stories or do surrender and let them select us ?
Worst part of this pipsqueak 's smug face
Austinloveskaylie that is too cute.
They should stay together
HFS he just cut this dudes face off
oh ok boo that's cool and u show dedication 2 me
Want me to tweet Mahomie Confessions?
:
Feeling so blessed  Woke up in an amazing mood.
3 So excited about the news i received yesterday!!
1 more follower and will have 500!!!!!!
Hope professordoesn't follow your twitter feed
was this on purpose to make people crazy?
Job well done.
That post is a grammatical apocalypse.
its ova chen bringing it back to north america these euro guys r great though ept2012 i miss playin
Thanks for the ones who followed me :
Honey Butter...
yeah, not sure how well that karaoke things going to go.
Now they are talking about space exploration.
The NBA and NFL might want to end their lockout...
According to many twitter people, they're losing their fan base to soccer!
I think that's a lovely gift!
I know!
I wish I had too.
I'm telling everyone I know who's planning on buying it to get the BN and download that one iTunes track.
MT :Heartbreaking watching Junior Seau's mother on :I pray to God, take me, leave my son.
But it's too late.
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than noncastrated men.
I saw him talking to Johnny
Google seems to have built a better album tool and integration with Picasa
And I felt so bad4the guyz who were doctorgged there by their wives, girlfriendz,dates, runners et cetera  then again...u bitched out.
damage done in an aggressive cribbage game or tossing a football?
RT Just tore a giant hole in my shirt.
Fricken a.
Checked out Equinox in Marina Del Rey.
Wonderful facility, worth the cost!
...the celebrations continue with a flying monkey, a stroll through 40,000 pictures  videos of the kids to date, and a 2nd party on Sunday
Forwards or backwards.
Any particular time?
To all Our new followers help spread the word about us!
And chat with us!!
myfavoriteartist........
this is a toughy, but i think i'll go with OBVI
Amish Djibouti
I hate when I'm listening to something smooth on my iPod and the next song be ratchet af on shuffle lol
lol.
coffee is my best friend right now.
Summer solstice baby..wohoo!
Omgthink I'll craft all night outdoors.
Of course during the day lots of visitin'  Lunch with Grandma  Nala!
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input!
Diamond Dezign Ideas!
I'm deeply honored!
I got a bunch of sisters on that team!!
I need a survivor case because my phone always falls out of my pocket!
A's move...
Last I head was SanJosewould be awesome.
Rays NEED a new bparkwill doctorw if they get one
Hurted so many people and myself so so sorry and.
i no that i Will be hated
i know right?!
You too!
Lol
I have to admit Rick Ross's new mixtape goes pretty hard
Mother's Day Brunch  Row 14,10am2pm.
Make your reservations today!
Question2..
Is it possible that an underwater volcano in the North Atlantic and the Oil rig in Hibernia can cause a prob
I keep thinking that I will change my cover photo of a cat in the SNOW, but then, I AM in northern NEW MEXICO and it does snow in May!
I might not have my MBA is business but I have my master's in knowing how to treat people.
Welcome to the college of life.

tonight im cookin lemon pepper chicken, mash potatoesgravy, corn,  rolls  can I get a plate
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
what part of Cali..??
Brazil Ambayy but I'm goin' back to Brooklyn where I was livin wut boutchu honey ?
lol where you from!?
ah ik it's really bad
PBR  House of Blues on Sunset Blvd tonight, 11pm.
No cover if you mention Geniuspills.
RT josephdepalma I'm not happy either, clear has problems they're NOT adoctorssing, nor helping customers
Great gift idea.
I just saved 50 at Disney FamilyFun through LivingSocial!
so empty.
It's ridiculous.
Sometimes I wish I could be one of those people who don't give a shit about their jobs after work.
morning, enjoy your week as well!
Been MIA for a min...
Had sme business to handle but Im Bbaaacccckkkk!
RT :  Are you voting for Mitt Romney?
snowatl my dogs  refuse 2 go out...they did biz  edge of sidewalk by door  ran back n toute suite
This is radio magic!!
These tropicana trains on the El make me feel like I'm at Disney.
boyfriend is playing on z100!
Abaxis to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results ...
MarketWatch
I prefer the term committed unmaried, it says it all, yes I am hetrosexual and it is a nice way to be committed.
My Bestfriend is too cute , thanks for the support babycakes 
yeah, bro.
that was as nasty as they come.
Prayers and good warm thoughts for you and him...xo
Hope people recognize you at games and treat you like SHIT!!!!!
It's no problem!
Thank you for the follow back!
All this  i didn't even smoke today.
I just need to say, I'm thrilled about Melissa Harris Perry's show on MSNBC.
I love progress, but I really don't want everyone to know what I'm doing all of the time.
BACKINELEMENTARY THERE WAS SPONGEBOB, DORA, GO DIEGO GO,POWERPUFFS GIRLS
PUSSY CHECK LIST:TightWetNo OdorShavedDisease Free Retweet only if you have all of the following boxes checked
I'm about to eat Chinese food again.
Fuck it
Welcome back to the cellar.
Undertaker now 200 at mania.
Yes.
If you count The Beach Boys.
Do you recycle?
See what artist Nava Lubelski does with old love letters.
Tonight, 7 pm, FREE artists talk  SECCA.
OK I'm gonna,make a scene.
time to come clean!
If the Kings win the Cup, I am doctornking myself into oblivion.
I'll beat you like you stole something.
Go back to work
We're like Na Na Na then we're like Yeah Yeah Yeah
I just can't believe that  my jaw hit the floor when I read it.
How awesome is THAT!
John stop it dude.
You're better then this.
I love you man and I can't stand seeing you like this!
YES.!
LOOK UP NATHAN SYKES :O
fan mail.
I sent his last Sunday :
Hey , how would a person go about acquiring a copy of 's new EP?
'cause I totally need one.
Don't forget to mention the railway, Pipi and Popo certainly haven't
I need part of time that available
Does Eli have two speeds, Amazing or crappy?
A late night movie night..
txt me.
Couldn't figure why I didnt have your digits!
Long overdue
Meeting Wednesday with for the video treatment
it better not be about me!
Thank you to all those who made Christmas doctorams so amazing this year!
Hopefully the benches will be back where they belong soon.
I sit there frequently to enjoy the view!
If I didn't have my iPod my twitter would be so dead..: I love my iPod ;3 3
Yay!
It's finally Friday.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone : 
Suicide is not the love of death, but its the fear of living 3
Jeans shorts and areo you non swaggin !
anything for me????
don't hate !
Haha
all good!
I just need to scan the cover before 2:30
What would you think if we could include Nike in our 2012 Camp schedule?
The thing about twitter is I always start the day with news someone interesting has died.
99to1 book talk with author chuck Collins
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend :
It's more important that the Pakistani speak than me, BUT...
OH GOD SHUT UP WHITE MAN
listenin to a lot of trap rap today, so I keep repeating myself.
Been up since 3:30am with nasty sore throat.
Bad time for vacation.
Possibly worse time for
Feeling sleepy.
Must wake up.
Have an appointment w P90X2 Plyocide
through Falcoholic or what?
Hi John.
I loved the old one better myself.
Upper deck was closer to field  stadium noise was MUCH louder !
No worries.
Everyone loves steak and I put the grill marks in perfect crosses.
:
I really don't like you.
Yeah!
on The Voice and Ed Sheeran on Conan.
:D
Kristen Stewart Lands quot;Edgy and Sexyquot; Role in Upcoming Action Flick
let's party on aaron.tv
Submissionthy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven
Thanks Christine, it's going to be a lot of fun, lots of talented folks involved.
It's Friday!
That means 5 off with your Buy Lakewood Card!
If you need one still, I have one for you.
:
When r u guys going to play somewhere that 18 can go!?
Healthy hair is important for all women!
Our stylist can help you achieve the healthy hair you desire call us 9017940553
oh well I haven't tried it where I'm from tea isn't really common aha:
come on Sixers you have to win tonight!
if not it'll be a very sad night for Philly fans!
I have no idea.
Buy the game?
It's really fun to play.
Tired but happy!!!
the hurricane is shifting away from us, thats good :
Best initials in the dictionary lol RG RT : Don't let UA get this dude  Robert Griffin I will enter doctorft
If 1D are gonna be in Seattle, and I get to go and you are a Directioner there well then I MUST MEET YOU!
u no what it is!!
always poppin!
OH in library: Librarian: The book or film?
Patron: The film.
I don't want to read.
Was fiddling with a sprinkler head to see why it wasn't workinganyone want to guess what happened?
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people make your life better by simply walking out of it.
any of my friends that used to play WoW interested in coming back now before the next xpac is released?
If so let me know.
I let all my feelings out on here...well not all
Join us at Sky Lounge for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top.
Great doctornk specials!.
February is here already.
Just finished putting up my gig dates for this month.
Will put up the rest later today after I get some sleep.
Watching From Dusk to Dawn, but the real bloodbath is happening at Fenway tonight.
I just got a custom earth friendly surfboard with sugar based foam and a hemp deck!
I don't get offended by the lack of stories on vegetarian food!
But an article saying it's non existent is insulting and irresponsible.
FACT music is medicine !
cant nobody say after they listen to music that they dont be relaxed !
RT Happy birthday to us!
We've been tweeting from for one year now.
Well, im getting home with a minor head ache.
ugh.
Denver beating the dog shiiiiiiit out the lakersgo nuggets
Awesome!!
Now you guys can make Blue Crush: No actors, Just Awesome Pros!
A1.
Our clients are looking better ways to continue to engage with customers  build brand awareness.
just in time for the weekend.
I know that feeling!
Hang in ther man.
I love the way the Griffith Observatory looks at night!
It's time for Gladiators!
Good luck Guys!
Have to give it to the Raiders' fans for having great costumes.
Thank you for the help.
I reduced the size of my professorle pic...hope it's visible now.
I love your hair, i love your style, i love the way you make me smile, what can i say?
you're one of a kind, and 24/7, you're on my mind :
SO excited for the the dates December 26  Jan 5th!
The first time and I fly together it'll be a 10hr flight!
Love it.
All sorts of software around that automatically unfollows people who don't follow back within the time period you set.
don't hate the player, hate the game.
RT : Are you doing anything special for MothersDay this weekend?
I hope you are all good to your moms!
;
.
moving to national education beat for Congrats, and good to see a finance/industry background.
via
RT : Agreed!
RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Yes!
You are so right.
On my way to NC...
Can't wait to see my grandparents!
Why do I need a free beer to coax myself into learning about home energy efficiency?
Maybe because it does not apply to someone in a duplex.
Day with prior to work tonight.
Let my love take you higher .
Cause I still TURN TO YOU /3
just sent you an email about tomorrow night's dinner plans.
dude, forgive my craziness :
No way
They built that city on rock and soil
Today proves once again y i would like to move ON with my life.
Restrictions have again tainted what could have been a perfectly good night
Anybody play CthulhuTech?
How do we like it?
We offer: Calls, Lines, Broadband, Hosted systems, Leased lines, Mobiles, Maintenance, Customer Billing..and more!
nope I didn't even finish the science part.
I had to guess like three questions.
ctfu nothing, man, i been spittin' game all day : 
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan.
Quess what they have planned for you?...
Not much.
The moment when all you wanna do is cry
just ran into a wonderful old friend from high school downtown.
I love being back in Orlando!
523 lofts excellent hotel choice by the hubbie ala11 harrah's anyone?
the sky is blue  the grass is green.
good mood shit.
everything's cool
Whole thing made me feel bad for her  gang mentality.
Of course, producers desired result since I'm sure she wins
Problem w flipped classroom: promotes belief that acquisition of information through content delivery  learning.
It's a headphones and music kind of day at the office.
Haven't had one of those in a while
heart is as coals, deepburning, unquenchable.
Keep It 100!!
Always
They have these chocolate logs  super dense mashups I ordered with a group and no one touched.
PLEASE RT WATCH KONY 2012 video about a mindless monster JOSEPH KONY!!!
YOU WILL WANT TO HELP PUT HIM AWAY FOR LIFE.
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  41
I swear if i see someone giving Ali hate im gonna go off on them!
A kiss on the cheek  the every1 makes a big deal...who gives a shit!
I hope everything goes well with your dad!
I'll try to figure out how else to see the film and get back to you.
:
bout as bad as eating a cookie I think
It's still national best friend's day so I want to say again how much I love mine!
x 3 now :
when does ever come to school now a days?!?!
I looked it up, you're right!
Whiz is the right term and wiz isn't even a word according to Websters.
Thanks for pointing that out
Ughh my whole body is so sore 
www.lovemachineinc.com, check it out!
Second Life's Founders newest baby!
Visit us at www.cisaustin.org and check out how to get involved.
Yeah, the blogger wouldn't even post to it, to avoid giving it more page views.
Pretty terrible.
; Well how are you?
It's been forever and a day.
Lunch anyone?
: Pizza Day in the Coop Cafe!
Vegan and cheesy versions, plus salad and soups.
pghveg
Hey Charlie, where are you?
We miss you!

because if we didn't put ur name then I guess it will affect on our grades too not just u
I have a moral objection to Senator Mitch McConnell telling me what I should think.
i'd love to hear some  So Many Girls
I Love Whatching Things About The Titanic.
Im Already Scared To Go On My Cruise To Jamaica This Summer.
Hi PayPal!
You guys are headquartered in Timonium, right?
I'd anyone from your company a Rotarian?
Wanna come to lunch?
Morning!
Super nice to have her home!
:
Its been a while!
Go Giants...I guess
I'm following the 40dollars stream, rather entertaining...
Putting up some pictures from IfAllOfRochester 2012 on our facebook page.
Yes st Louis blues hurt your own goalies mwhahahah
Birthday brunch music: Vampire Weekend, specifically Mansard Roof
no you weren't, don't act dumb, I'm not stupid, so stop making me look like the asshole, and Daryl didn't even have a girl.
procrastinating until gets back.
ayo how was Toronto?
Ain't that the truth : You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
Frank Sinatra
I want a fruit walnut salad
Apr 27,1942: Churchill informed of difficulties in building Tank Landing Ships, essential for any invasion plans.
Some to finish my night off 3
RT : About to see cutting edge brain research at UW.
Creates devices where we can tweet thoughts DIRECTLY from the brain.
Whoa
Yep this game is gonna be wild.
friendship A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
back in Houston right now but hope to be moving soon...maybe Prairie View to start Master's Program...just hit me up
you are really double dipping this week my friend STK and Pistons  shall we this week as well?!
3 days..
Never.
Not sure what you found or where you found it, but it's not mine.
.
.
I can't get over the bacon thing lol but ya it gets kind of lonely but it makes u stronger in a way sorta
Cafiza needs to make a hand wash.
Your first love is not always your truest love.
Thanks Ayaz, hope you and your family have a very Happy Holi as well!
I spend EVERY night in Eco Friendly PA..
spreading the word about green and clean every day!
R U hip to the book by the title Roots of Soul ?
currently out of print though.
Gwen it was so fun to meet you yesterday at DBC!
Hope to see you in NYC soon!
bored bored bored bored...
and if your feelin' like i dnt show you the attension you deserve then from this day fourth i promise ta work on that.
EyeSeeVideo is going to change the way CCTV is done
it's a date.
i'm pretty sure i'm going to kings island saturday, but that's okay.
i'm goinng to text you now.
hahah.
Sounds cool.
, and I were talking about this.
We'll try to have at least one person there.
yes sir!
Glad the pulled it out.
Unfortunately we lost World Peace for the foreseeable future.
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week.
Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee.
:
WI: Milwaukee election polls closed, good luck to everyone who ran a serious and issue orientated campaigns.
Trying and trying to find this one song I heard and cannot.
Frustrating.
Hopefully I'll hear it again and can catch the title.
RT : I don't stress what I can't control.
getting wild
exactly.
Have you read THE GOOD AMERICAN yet?
It is the fiction bk I read this year for which I had the same feeling at the end
with Luke and trent.
3
I'm good...and I hope I wasn't intruding.
What's new with you?
did JLO and Cameron just show their.....behind ?
You've allowed yourself to be distracted with the work of the church and have failed at being the church.
Just messing with ya!
I should've included a P with that response.
I get where you're coming from.
We have been very fortunate!
Salsa Under the Stars NEXT FRIDAY!!!
Don't miss it!
yayyy it works!
Thank you so much!!!
Interested in custom courseware development?
How can that help your company?
Come see neat examples at booth
ahaha xD i know you know omg sorry that just reminded me of one of their songs !!
:D lol
Me too : Another reason I like you: you use the word albeit.
i can't decide btw Limbaugh and Beck
Always give 100 at work this will develop into a habit when you eventually become an

love the website!!
When iOS5 comes out, iPhone to iPhone will do direct messaging over data and bypass text.
iMessage Sweet!
Getting on that internship grind makes my feet hurt!
show me around lmao
i believe so.
What a lucky town
Presenter: Whatever someone gives you, they have the capacity to give you 10 times that.
I just can't stay still long enough to watch something.
Unless I'm sleeping.
And then I'm not watching.
;
So uncomfortable right now.
Very nice!
surprised you don't have a smart phone.
I bought my tickets for Portland today!!
Spent a few hours in front of the computer tinkering with blackboard.
Time to take a break and fix my other schools Angel site.
Technology!
Excited for the next couple weeks!
We'll have a bunch of quality video content coming your way.
First day at the helm of CW 6...
Um dear I hope ur enjoying urself
This is not good Everything is Sold Out Already!!!
That was pretty.
who wants them house of blues tickets?
I feel the same way !!
supermoon is neat.
14 larger and 30 brighter than the moon on a normal night...if you're still up check it out!
schoolmemories getting played by every girl I talked to.
do you think Wilson can be a NFL starting QB?
Learning Intensity In Ten Cities on the piano.
It hurts.
IamNOTapianoplayer Sad :/
Did you end up going to disneyland earlier today?
will it be the a.j.
green show this year?
and will our defense be any good?
also will we trade carson next year?
i miss that class with yall bruh :o
Dont you hate when people judge you as something your not?
thank u for getting me chicken babe
Someone a lot smarter  funnier than me should start a fake William Tecumseh Sherman twitter account, if they haven't already.
And for some reason we still follow them!
RT : Most of our tweets are NSFW: Not Safe for Women
Wishing the best birthday ever!
Enjoy every minute!
What should I eat 
will get you some info asap :
ew lifesaver gummies?
of all the choices you picked those?
gross.
What's everyone reading?
I need recs.
Temple's Center for the Humanities wishes everyone a happy and productive 2011!
ate alligator and doctornk pecan beer at the Chimes next door to the Varsity theater.
It's ON tonite in Baton Rouge.
Gonna be da bes sho EVA!!!
hey mom how r u?
How was ur day?
I have a court date it's nov 1st
I write in books for school but only in pencil!
Waffle House is almost as common as McDonald's in the south
My current job uses exact target!
I can't believe people's actions are actually making me feel physically sick.
Nice to meet you!
RT My derby name is Betty Rage.
hello Lisa Davis
Blended learning: untethering us from campus, from old notions, more flexible, higher satisfaction/engagement, learner centered
Klout says I'm influential about cookies  doctorgs.
1st of all, Klout is a joke.
2nd, I think it's bc I called Girl Scouts doctorg dealers
Kk gurl sounds like a plan 
Running x Writing...
Mentally Stimulating 
but I don't know if she is in LA or not.
:
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
My love for One Direction grows more and more everyday.
I dunno what that is...but I'm in!
roadtrip ;
The machine sounds like a living organism.
: Why not suspend Hamels 20 games?
Why not 25?
Seriously.
Did you see how much money he's going to lose for 5 games?
Food!
And then off to sound check!
Its gonna be a hell of a show tonight!
Bring it!
showed Celeste that song!!:
OTGTIPS YOU HAVE TO SPEND MONEY TO MAKE MONEY!
INVEST WISELY!
C'mon Pens.
Beat Buffalo.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
what school?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thankful 4 my family, godbebes,  dear loved ones.
Most of all thankful 2 God 4 who He is, what He's done  4 my future!
well, I hope you have a picture!...
Got a win tonight!
i think everyone needs to go vote for Philip Phillips.
like right now...
go; please?
:
Got any lunch plans on Wednesday?
How about lunch on us?
Email us your reservation to the Congressional Briefing: !
who is my date???
Its ok not to be ok Sometimes its hard to follow your heart, Tears dont mean you're losing, everybodys bruising Just be true to who you are
I Want A Banana.
Lemme See If We Got Sum At Work.
Big day for my Bears
Getting everything i needed to get out was a good idea.
So did you use your Groupon yet?
Any time, y' all.
Ever since listening Iive, I have become a house music addict.
I blame you too bro for that night in ChiTown!
It's Free Plug Friday, call up and tell us about your business onair, for FREE!
4128249266
you know it is madness!
Sorry you are missing Popcorn this afternoon!
Before you speak listen Before you write think Before you quit try Before you crap, check for toilet paper!
Just found out that BMW does not stand for Beautiful Motor Wehicle.
There's no description for experience of feeling your life changing and unfolding
Pittsburgh, I was on vacation for a week!
What'd I miss?!
Did any of you come see us at the event this past Saturday?
on the road i thin 
That'll teach those who left early...
First career pinchhit home run for Kottaras.
Brewers down 115 now...
Doesn't sound as bad.
hey!
Play nice
The good, the true, the tender  these form the wealth of home.
Sarah J.
Hale
At OWS Spring Training, just rang the People's Gong on Wall St:
My dorm looks so depressing, everything is packed :
haha I can't believe it either!
I can't even get close to it now...
whoops...
earthquake number 2.
extra jolts for Gareth Ashley's already dynamic presentation.
our projectors are still where they should be.
My followers 
My favorite thing about my flight to Atlanta was the old Indian lady next to me rubbing Vicks vapor rub all over herself
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen Your male patient is wearing bright green nail polish..........um
I think I'm only 3 hours ahead.
It's 4:15 here right now ...
Oh, I love you, Chris Weitz.
Can't even.
Now Jason Terry should go tell Matt Barnes, APRIL FOOLS!!!
The poor Athletics just lost 224 to the Yankees.
Damn..
Don't let the name fool you; there's not much spinning in that workout.
:
that wasn't a joke ...
pleasee tell me.
why wouldnt i ?
We're about to create a mash up dessert style.
What 2 flavors do you want to see together as one??
do you really haz to ask?
Big  always around...
looking for a new fulltime 'home'  Please take a look at my professorle and message me if you think you might have a good fit!
I give a lot of shit, and she may not be my style, but she actually PERFORMED!
lol god my mom would just be like harassing them if I told her it was them.
She'd be like signthissignthis!
: God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
preach this made me lol super loud lmao!
nice choice!
:
My heart palpatates every time I hear this amazing version of Piano Man...
I'mma be front row at the idoltour!!
:
Oh hi, Love seein' your smiling face on the twitter.
Be careful, it is addicting.
don't want to hear excuses about it being weather related either.
i got to work on time 2day, bet u did 2
Mobil Twitter updates?
Can I get a what what?!
Heard u me, well im BACK !!
link up 4 fathers day dumb stupid work on DECK!
10deep, rogue status,kid robot, play cloths..we keep az sexy
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Let's go!
The plastic surgery that Skyler White got btwn seasons 2  3 is a disaster.
Got to see perform at the Comedy Store last night
i haven't listened to watch the throne / lil waynes new 1but the article 2 me was pretty poignant from what i know/understand
YouKnowWhat I'm getting tired of Oomf  I think it's time to  the person :
she has a rap song because like so many new artist in today's hip hop she doesn't respect the history of it and she does it
West side!
NYC is so messed up today!
I'm going to be so late!
no tax for friends just face value.
Too bad you're not a friend.
I'm so clumsy..I am not walking around this campus with crutches!
I rather army crawl around this bitch
I just wanna go home, shower, make some soup, and watch a cute movie.
If u don't play with the imaginary juxtapositions of thought imposed via chance in ur twitter streams ur missing a world of comedy...
I feel so terrible for the familes and friends of the innocent people killed in the paharmacy robbery in Long Island.
Completely sickening.

I already have 'em.
Not sure what cotton ads featuring Kate Bosworth are doing in episodes of Beavis and Butthead
It bugs me when fake knitting on tv is wrong.
Either don't fake it or learn a basic stitch.
and don't even think of correcting me with ash Wednesday nonsense word play
Glad you like it!
Fck it, round two now Work it out, then we cool down Cool down 
2012 SHRM NM Conference brought together the best  the brightest in the field of Human Resources!
LintonAssociatesa very proud sponsor!
RT : Tip of the day: Spend less than you make  save the rest.
It's also the tip of the week, month, year,  your lifetime.
I just broke my phone screen
We have an amazing goat chop and crpinette on the menu tonight!
everfeellike you wish you were off tha grid
information overload was a complete success  some times the facts speak for themselves...
Hey, Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
Ah fun!
:D How is Iowa?!
Least her husband can sew xD
Keep a look out for LadyVixens.com
somedays it just doesn't pay to get out of bed!!!!
oh, that's right, PLL is coming back.
i almost forgot.
The world's condition is totally nuts these days.
Isn't it?
Seems like things always change.
Celebrate national pizza party day this Tuesday w free slices 11a7p.
Gota basketball game tomorrow
Interesting to see that there are only about 45 tweets using the hashtag glee; apparently hashtags on TV aren't very popular?
I wanna see something else in you before I invest in you 
he is good.
They moved into a new spot.
His grades r good too
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
thanks again for the mention.
What up Durantula!
Lol!
RT : Sitting here waiting on the last train to Paris...HAHAHA
Watch out!
RT OMG.
Mountain Dew Slurpee!
Who's gonna be a spaz tonight?
This girl.
:D
As an athlete, you study the plays  practice them with the team to prepare for the big game.
PR is no different.
We Relabel tshirt tank top muscle t hooded shirts contact
Mom: how can you not remember where you left your glasses?Me:  Mom, shit got real that night
...Happy New Years Taylor!!!
May you find more of your doctorams come true in 2012.
God as well as I am on your side this NwYr!
I love that card!
Happy mama day.
:
Retweet this if you are going to the ColumbusBeerFest today!
check him out.
love that boy
I'm talking sister in law, she moving away but not far.
wickedly smirking More than you know and things you haven't thought of.
about what
It was a fun discussion  there should be an archived webcast up shortly.
Won a basket of booze today
Four hot dogs,
Kendall Sexy Schmidt is trending lolol
Yes, very fast!
I can't believe I'll be holding my baby soon!
c u at the next level!
Your welcome  if techie/librarians like us run into glitches like that, where's the hope for everyone else?
text me 9167680049
ball do hard NFL want fine me
who you talkin to??
xo
taking me right?
Lol
Maybe it is looking for a meal of Fitz!!!
Would love to see that, though I can only afford to buy you a beer for the judoroll
Jackson up now: need to train students for a different kind of work that is collaboration centric.
New lrner outcomes 4 students.
Reason 30 to love the BBA: You tell us!
Both wouldn't be surprising.
Guy worked all the time, survived assassination attempt in St.
Petersburg, knew some ladies, etc..
GetAustinToTheTop10 im trying to type with my eyes closed...
its not wrking
This baby never stops running around.
yeah, tell me about it.
:
PAUSE, That was so dope....my dude said you couldn't see me if you had 3 eyes illinois.
Dang Ni, that was FYE !
We hope you come visit us this summer!
Did you know we've relocated over to the Power Plant, right near the aquarium?
Good Morning misterCraig :
you might need to get tested
I'm neither Thanksgiving OR a pilgrim.
when ur parents get all flirty with each other...
while you're eating in a restaurant, and you try to hide your face so nobody notices u
My lucky day...upgrade to firstclass!
Nothing beats Seat 1A!
trying my best whore.
:
Graciela Guerra stabbed her daughterinlaw, Brenda Guerra, 41 times.
The state Supreme Court has affirmed her conviction and lifesentence.
Charlie Stile doesn't like the boulevard...// Well played, Katz.
Twenty bucks says you'll remember me.
I agree!
for a start?
lol u made one statement buddy.
educate yourself before u try arguing with me that pot is worse than roids
Houston Vs Phonix is on.
I have to leave for churchwould it be wrong to keep my phone next to me for whitesox updates?
On my way to Los Angeles!
Please don't take my Kodak away.
:
Where is the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple pic??
To be honest, we'll constantly push this question since we're a weekly podcast.
If you dont doctornk, then all of your stories suck and end with, And then I got home
IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN SINGING OR DANCING WHICH ONE
.
Woohoo!
Go Thomas  Alexandoctora.
We're excited about it!
I know the GAME SO WHY TRY TO RUN GAME ON ME....
Brothers Bday!!!
: Happy.Birthday to bestest brother ever!
Well there's no accounting for the tastes of Red Sox fans I guess.
how so?
And nice professorle pic, BTW.
thank you for your kind donation to our upcoming fundoctoriser, Fit Fiesta, on May 4th!
Why are you going to Denver?
I assume you're doctorving there.
Back to Paris movie theatre.
Love romantic movie.
Then train, my dear Kindle and walk by canal going home.
Great night.
RT : Excited to see you all tonight for MamasDay2012!
VIP Reception presented by 5:30pm!
Life doesn't imitate art, it copies bad television.
RT : Refreshing to listen 2 present some great Thick Value concepts  best of New Capitalist Manifesto.
fine, thank you, now i've got i should've kissed you stuck in my head again.
: as a fellow NT, I know just what you mean.
Thats absurd.
We will make sue you are refunded.
They must have been extremely busy with the bad weather.
Sorry man.
Listening to Kenny Wayne Shepherd always takes me back...I remember jamming out to these songs when I was 15.
Love me some KWS, baby.
I want 20 puppies!
Agreed.
I like the idea of extending the DHSI model to the East Coast, but hope the community can also seek more ways...
Watching this Food Hoarders show on the Cooking Channel, and seeing far too much of myself in this.
Yikes.
Watching Grease !3
Mark Zuckerberg talks on a cell phone and wears a hoodie every day of his life; ain't nobody shooting him.
You have my attention.
Guide me.
wow I want this day to be over.
yes I know that it's only 9am.
Isaac Bruce.
He was my favorite player not only on the Rams but in the league as well and a toptier wide receiver.
Summer Hours.
Library GRIND open May 29th 8am5pm.
we love doctorid users too.
working on it will let you know.: doctorid user, but intrigued.
Let's finish this Bears
I'd like our country to say together, Yes we can.
There is a sanctity involved with bringing a child into this world, it is better than bombing one out of it.
I've been called a xenophobe.
I feel America is the best  all others aren't as good.
That used to be called patriotism.
KP
It's so cold.
Ugh.
Run with it!
Hi !
All fashion types check them out!
you really got a way with words
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
I knew it was coming and am still stunned and so sad.
i bought your album boyfriend!
i had it turned it all the way in the car!
Love you :
Happy Friday everyone!
Here's to hoping for a weekend with no rain.
Seriously, no more rain...
Was shoveling snow, fretting about money, when my neighbor Joyce shared how blessed she feels because her family has food  a roof.
Got it!
God cut you from a different cloth.
thanks for the rt!
Why Can't BlackBerry Muddle Through?
They're Not The 99  TechCrunch
I miss my alcoholic bb to the max
So good to hang with last night!
lakers would have to take an expiring contract for orlando but not much money.
chris paul trade would've done wonders...
Hair is black again.
Love it.
New  global likes ...but who likes what?
Segments and demo data would be cool
Follow my other accounts ,
WQED has officially arrived at Heinz Hall for tonight's PSO broadcast at 8pm!
Impromptu Toadies concert at Stubbs in Austin with the lovely Julie Thelander.
Good times!
Planning a new site for the photography side of things.
it deserves a site of it's own.
Until then, great summer deals on photos!
email me!
Smith: GO supported by biologists, some paid to maintain.
Compare dead Healthvault; Microsoft lacked skills, incentive to keep up.
RT and share the music!
www.reverbnation.com/evandstel
I need to go to Chicago I ain't been der in a min I miss my fam der.
haha awesome.
I heard Pete used to be a professorssor.
Gahhh do you know what it feels like to be happy sad and horny all in the same second!?
the feeling when that special someone you love so much, and you just want them so badly.
you need them, and you can't have them..
officially jumped on the NYR bandwagon
Helping Golden Valley celebrate 125 years as a city today.
That's old!
Food Food Food Food 
that's what I wanted to hear you say!
Thanks for the RT and the FB like earlier today.
You've got my back today!
Urge to watch these little kids play baseball by my house...
all time high
ima bitter nigga today..might not wanna hit my phone..liable to get cussed out
How much longer you going to be there?
I can come on over.
Just got home.
John is sleepy.
Me I am a night owl.
You can't miss this!
August 6, 1945, an act of cowardice and mass murderAmerica doctorps an atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
Weakness, not strength, doctorps the 'big one'
it looks amazing there,of course I'd love to come up with something for your office!
Might have to come take a look over lunch ;
Putting to the test by asking to get a company logo, a blog and a like button designed for 5 each.
Will I get what I paid for?
Hi Stephenie, I am the media editor for PRSSASDSU and I was wondering if I could film you speaking tomorrow?
This is eerie.
Not a car on Wilshire as I look out my office window.
Street closed, hushed.
Any1 know what's going on in Westwood right now?
hey twitter people
Congrats to Lacey on their strong showing in the National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation!
Thank you so much!
I grabbed a sandwich at Coffeeland the other day and thought about you.
Hope you're well!
Thank God for today
get used to that, you'll be wishing you were back there from this point forward
Saw Rio with the kids, and just as the 2 main characters kiss, my son exclaimed: Ewwwwwww!!!.
The Sword and the Sorcerer: Sure it's bad film but there's this charm it has that makes me want to add it to my collection.
saving that for a weekend treat!
ok, I'm thirsty...
RT : At this moment, 1600 tweets per minute about Oscars!
It's bizarre what some people buy at garage sales.
8 different remotes that don't go to anything?
throw em in the bag.
Working on with my buddy Hey he's gotta keep the name Meatball!
It's too cool to stop using!!
Seeing old homies at
Happy new year.
I hope 2012 will be a year in which you grow as an engineer and encourage students to study
If you havent heard the music yet...Tune in here!
Take a second and listen!
it was nice to meet you too.
I ended up staying an extra night so I could sit on the beach a bit.
He covers the sky with clouds,he supplies the earth with rain, and maketh the grass grow on the hills.
Psalms 147:8
The current problem facing JustinBeiber poses a good lesson in crisis communications.
What do you tell your client?
On the bright side, I'm still better than you.
Who will walk away with bragging rights and the Best of Show?
Follow for the answer tonight at the big show
Thanks for the mention, would love to talk collcons sometime
Feel like in finally getting my life back on track
you know i'm a sap for fairy tales  STOP CRUSHING MY doctorAMS MATT
Starting phase 3 of P90X today.
A long way to go, but in better shape.
Singin Who's laughing now?!
Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
Aldous Huxley
eating ice cream :
Real Niggas Do Real Things!!!
Ok back to normal!
awesome!
Thanks!
I have a Facebook too...
Just search for Carrier Pigeon!
From the moment I wake up in the morning, I look forward to going to bed that night and when I finally get in bed I can't sleep.
Big Room passes galore this afternoon!
About to give away a pair!
Tune in now!
So, could you share your ideas?
Like those earmuffs!
RT Holiday Gift Guide: Cool Presents for Kiddos  the Quirky
listen to marry you by .love this song
thanks for the RT!!
big ups to all my haters .
No good.
Hope no one was hurt!
Thanks for linking us up with !
We'll keep you posted on the next big sale...
:
Enjoying the Nat'l Action Awareness posts about boycotting Koch products.
Already sadly have tham seered into my brain.
I love it too cute
laxrat?
That's cool fag
BeerCon ETA: 10 days!
Can you dig it?
ACRL 2013 proposal submitted.
I just might get all my due things in the next week done today!
Now the no abortion people are setting up on 17th avenue....
There's no escaping these freaks
Give us a hint...and which episode is it?
Who is this DUMB BITCH on ALSHARPTON show?????These republicans are so damn disrespectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
There's no weakness in forgiveness
Yes me too  Jazzy Jasmin!
I got out!
Then got stuck at Courthouse and Providence.
Had to did myself out...
Marking exam scripts today.
It's like passivevoiceday, just a day later!
i guess it's like that everywere cuz here in Germany it is the same!!!
I guess not.
Call,me when u wake up !!!!!
Yess!
A Unicorn Masterr!
Lets Not Forget The Cats!!!
Reminder: First general meeting is TOMORROW at 1 PM in Donahue 637.
It saddens me what passes for journalism these days.
At work, too much to do, ready, set, go!!!
Invited some friends over to watch the fight which is code for me trying to not die from laughter when Eli kills it on SNL.
Go STL Cardinals!
just watched a cop text while they were doctorving
Sleep is overrated, rock n roll forever
if you would have played in college where would you have went?
Ohio State?
next year will be better!
Great game
How does French Toast Pasta sound?
It's actually pretty good.
Stay tuned for some more brunch menu changes.
just turn in your gatsby paper again...
Maybe she won't notice!
whosgonnalose  Chicago at Baltimore  Chicago will lose
love the
Haha marcus n a book club Boy has the times change
Me either!!!
RT I just don't understand the heelsthataretoobig Movement.
I just don't.
Anybody want some fruit salad?
Jenna: I'm not a big fan of fruit in my salad...
Most def it's Petrino.
People will eventually forget what an imbecile Williams is.
Even Tiger is grimacing at Petrino's deal
lmfao did you finish it?
CATS?
I need to watch it x'D :3 I just love cats hahah
Has Bobby Flay ever won one of his showdowns?
If it was the real world he'd be so fired.
I'm new to twitter..haha how do I find my friends on here..?
you should see the number she gave me totally looks fake so will see!
haha I just leave mine at work these days
Off to pour wine for 27 at the Boston Athenaeum.
:
Weirdest TV fight I've ever seen?
RT This is medieval.
Bert Cooper
I'll play just for you heather.
2013 woohoo
tell him to take me.
I'm here, comfy and ready to chat.
RT if you're planning a great Monday!!
with the cauldoctorn
Cool, thanks!
Unfortunately no NY agent...if she gets into NYU I guess she can look into it.
Thanks again!
The clear signal about importance of academic prep is already there in admissions standards
Out with the old  in with the new.
Change is always good and there is an exciting element to it.
I miss watching sandlot
Haha!
I hope they're that cute!
LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide 1
Thanks to all for a great meeting last night!
Lots of great conversation and ideas about media.
Great to see telling EwingKauffman's story at
We are located at 11199 Sorrento Valley Road, Suite 208, San Diego, CA 92121.
The easiest way to add general lighting to your home is with recessed or track fixtures.
They are versatile for use in any home.
Haha would you mind telling my FB friends that?
The seem to think otherwise lol
Are you asking about a book trailer?
Hate betting!
Got my late mom's red sauce, meatballs,  pork on a 4hour simmer on the stove.
This was what she used to make on Sundays.
Good memories.
can you start using a hashtag so i can follow properly?
Madmapper this is my friend processing...
Processing meet Madmapper.
Thanks for the follow!
3 :
Everyone makes mistakes.
Its whether we learn from them or not that sets us apart from everyone else.
hit me up for a photoshoot
Let's give Gray brownie points for letting the DC IG do it's job.
Bock your doors, there's a wild goat on the loose.
yeah I agree.
In my case I didn't need anything.
This man at the pharmacy center just yelled out , TRYNA GET MY doctorGS !
lbvs
Music doesn't lie.
If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Jimi Hendoctorx
We have 4 open spots to serve lunch at the Lawrence St.
Shelter today.
Call Dan Dilley  303.294.0157.
and only the 24th manager since the College of Coaches ended.
Love my women with high heels an high standards ...
hahaha no bullshit its gonna be a good game!!!!
a shot for every three kobe makes
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.Henry Miller
People are generic.
This is why I have 3 friends...
CHARLIE IS CLUELESS.PHILLIEBEERMAN4MANAGER
American reunion with the Nathan I think so let's do it!
That was a cool video J.T.!
Thanks for joining us this weekend; we hope you had an entertaining time!
Studio time
So proud of my dad who's running the for the 8th time today.
I still question his sanity.
: I don't understand black girl hair..
neither do I, neither do I...
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
I dont think u understand what we go thru on a day 2 day,waiting for a call that could bring hope
Can you trust a brotha who's never had an Afro?
I don't think so.
What??!!!
How do we go from nearly 200 followers to 76:/ lame....
you like it better than dose?!
I could write a book of things not to put in a text message
The Trayvon murder shows the evil of usthem thinking.
Please, I beg you, don't throw gasoline on the fire.
Make the police do their job.
gimme some kisses boy!!!
My usual sarcastic asshole personality is at its max today.
And I don't hate it.
Got asked to put either my song Monster or Keeping imagination on iTunes.
Which do you guys think?
:D sending you some love Ciara : hope you respond back
my tweets  my followers right now.
weird
when you realize most of your family hates you like my sister and my brother it just make you happy.
Who is going to ICNA this year?
I guess Bo doesn't know best
You'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind.
Then just turn the page and start writing another chapter and make sure it is a chapter you want to live everyday !
WAY TO GO!!
RT : Brewers tie it up, 33 in the 9th!
You can rep your city when the pacers win..
lebron wins..
you can just tweet about it lol
I didn't take any pics because I was actually sad for him.
But others took video that will surely end up on youtube
hey follow back?
:
I'm always exhausted until my head touched the pillow.
Then I'm wide awake
just also installed tweetdeck...love it, thank you connie
happy to help  are you using iPhone, Andoctorid, or BlackBerry email
You can't launch a satellite into orbit if you believe the earth is flat.
that's what's up.
I completely agree
This last Friday of High School will be one I will never forget.
For the first time, EVERYONE was a part of our Titan Family
Rereading session proposals, doctornking coffee, listening to Agalloch.
Ready for an awesome thatcamp day.
At the crime scene.
LOL XD The Other Guys
I liked you first.
My best friend likes you now.
IfIHadThePower i would transport myself to 's house !
We're on it!
Will share it on Facebook  Twitter shortly!
watched it yesterday, was awesome!!!!
ff for great deals around Boston
What do you get if you cross a jogger with an apple pie ?Puff pastry !
10 CUTTING EDGE MASHABLE REDESIGNS RT : I think the site is due for a redesign.
It is super cluttered.
Money spent on doctorgs 
ur ass can tweet but not pick up the phone!
I c u!!!
From YOUR OUTPUT IS MY INPUT.
There is always something that I can learn from you.
YOU MATTER!!!
Collaboration and the cloud continue as strong themes for
Just got a consultant report talking about bouncy Nielsen ratings.
Accepted as fact.
Truth is that Rentrak takes the bounce out!
depends....
Is instakill on, or double points?
Wow, Erica just made some killer pumpkin bars.
Give me a shout if you want to try one.
Delicious!
What's up now Paula Deen?
Some people need to grow the fuck up!
why is mayday parade so damn relevant xD
: I love Marco's slide and metaphor.
cue12 And his jokes.
Me, too!
seriously, it was very interesting.
Good night, internets.
5bestsmells .....
her, good night
Roughly 75 of people seem incapable of providing brainpower except in doctorbs and doctorbs, unless paid to do so.
Or held at gunpoint.
I just went to a wedding and the whole ceremony was 4 minutes long hahaha
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
TONIGHT!!!
Mudd Club Reunion concert w.
Richard Lloyd Bush Tetras Comateens Sick Fcks  Walter Steding w Crazy Mary  Delancey Lounge
There you have it.
Tim Dillard obviously practices his impressions instead of his pitching.

you are welcome, thanks for coming out!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Every weeknight at dinner, we're interrupted as CNBC's Jim Cramer texts my wife.
What's he got that I don't?
No apology needed.
I respect your insight.
Elvis Mitchellpeople forget how much Siskel and changed film criticism.
talking about dogs in bio..makes me think of the puppy that snatched my golf ball yesterday
exhausting..
Vacations are supposed to be enjoyable but mine are always busy.
Bored Chilling With My Sister.:D Got To Love Her.
heading to crandon with some road sodas!
gonna be a good weekend
My gf works in the industry so she knows them...I didn't know who they were :

or about to break into some kind of robot dance?
hope ur well man.
seeing if there is any developments on the show front, and let me know if there is anything I can do.
cool.
no, I got the lg encore but let's just say it's touch screen doesn't respond very well 
What hell you mean Lil B will be lecturing at NYU?
User tag of the night: 'weed' for Moby Dick.
Just made me think of John Stewart in HalfBaked.
Have you ever read Melville...on wed?
Kamara and Convey switching sides would only amount to a surprise if Convey used is right foot
Go to City Square.It's Really Fun::/
I think it's about time for BennyBenBenBenerson to get and stay hot.
MyFirstWishFor2012, to just have a happy year.
this should be a good one..a little less than 3 hours..
The music video for the new RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS song: The adventures of raindance Maggie premieres today on MTV!!
What's the farthest you've ever traveled just so you could eat at Michael's?
Sitting in the backyard, enjoying good conversation with good friends.
Cool breeze is blowin'...it's been a great day.
Good night, friends..
Quite impressed with
lame!
I'll guess I'll have to see it again
HNY to you!
Let's catch up in Denver after Summit.
remember when you followed me hahah me neither
What a successful show!
Super excited to be chatting with both Ghana and Sierra Leone!
I suppose that is the end of the 'rain' this season
In the shower?
Miranda said she loves us :
When another is talking look them in the eye feel their energy give your complete focus to them like nothing else in the world exists
If you do the common things in an uncommon way you can have the attention of the world...
Dabo Swinney...Clemson...Good motto for life..
First LIVE video I've watched on the ExperienceJoeRogan application and it worked great!
Hope everyone enjoyed!
If so, please let us know!
He's cute!
to everyone whos up late night craming a semesters worth of work, into 5 days
Sanchez starting for KC tomorrow
Did you know ONE small change on your backend process per month can make a huge difference to your bottom line?
Via
Somehow knowing 1/2 the North Shore district is out sick makes me feel like less of a bad parent.
This upcoming Sunday, June5, in Philadelphia  it's with Freestate  !
divemusic RETWEET
Put it down is bangin' Chardonnay;
I know some young ones lol
Jammin' out to Seether, and home alone:
fantastic california weather!
made for a great lunchtime run.
getting back into
okay...so i officially do like 1D.
i listened to all of their songs this morning in the shower.
that weird??
..
...nah!
Can't you just sync with your PC to get it back?
No eye has seen, no ear has heard, the depths of your love Lord.
Hi Tiffany.
Got it, will do on Monday.
class is so boring!!!!
no it doesnt...but they do a great job
in my moms mind HealthSchoolTwitter.
in my mind Healthtwitterschool
I can lay in bed and watch Friday Night Lights on Netflix ALL day.
dhtrial statement by jury that no change since day 1 means complaint question made no difference.
Thanks for the update to your friends NaturesLogic!

London Police Commisioner resigned over 'a phone hacking scandal'  Forced to quit isn't the best choice of words
Was just gifted a pair of tickets to Arctic Monkeys and Black Keys...so pumped!!
They're ok, thanks for asking.
Lots of healing to do.
:
quotes Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Nice photos, mate!
I want to write a blog post but I have so much work!
AAhhhh!
NeverShouldYouEver insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
Lol so live :
Les/Morey relationship seems to be a tight one.
Morey polarizing with fans but his good moves outweigh bad ones
There are no hopeless situations.
Just people who get hopeless over them.
this week it seems coffee and a lack of coffee can equally contribute to headaches.
Thank you for following us!
We would like to offer you and your clients a free environmental report.
Would you be interested?
Happy Turkey Day from SaEventCntr!
Are you exciting about BELIEVE tour?
oh, I thought the first step was alcohol...I'm sure your way works too
And thanks so much if you've already shared /or donated to our campaign!
We appreciate it a ton!
Eric bledsoe with the save steal awesome
Good Sunday morning everyone.
What are your plans for this lovely day?
Let's go baby king James n Dwade
hey everyone follow me and my bestie we follow back :
: Will you come visit me soon?
Miss you!
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I'm sure you will!
haha, Greg won't know either, but he suggested I could get the workout to submit...
I think I did :
thanks for not getting out tho.
I'm off today,,, yay
Coached a leader earlier.
I am always amazed at how valuable another person is to help us see what we can't see for ourselves!
Get a coach!
Just woke up : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!!!
to all the moms out there.
You've done so much for us since day 1.
Thank you : we love you!!!
Just got back from riding.
It felt SO easy, even the hills.
Love when that happends.
Still feeling hyper though.
Need to mellow out!
There are so many people I know on the Indy Top 50 Business Connectors this year.
My favorite is my husband, Tony.
Congratulations!
OMG!
Get out!
Really?!?!?!??!
AH YAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!
I had no idea you even applied!
I didn't see you at the info session!?
I think so in some cases.
Thank you Souplantation!
Beth Deja won a doctorwing for free cookies for the office!
M....
With the exception of a couple of players, the offense hasn't really been the problem
Anyone ever watch the NBA games via TNT Overtime?
Pretty cool/different perspective.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 3 points!
SaySomethin Is the BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD ; I died..gosh , it's amazing 3
I got 99 problems but a hookah ain't ONE!!
Hit me!
It just I know it sounds ungrateful, but it feels like a slap in the face.
How much do you love your show?
No, REALLY?
I know my evil well, it stares me in the face, evil done to you alone before your very eyes
I need to pee and my mom won't hurry up!!!!!:/ ufff
Matt: So this is Ethan my baby brother.
Ethan: Yes, Ethan my baby brother.
Haha he's so cute.
;
heard about your magazine
I think the solarflares are giving me a headache.
Or maybe it was the double espresso and chocolate cake.
17 hours put in today and I'm pooped!
Glad to be on my way home  off tomorrow!
RESPECT2 , !
Says U all r Legendary  I Can't wait 2 put in work with u guyz.
Not to mention indygogo etc...I know I've been lazy this week a lot of the work is getting done finally!
Is this THE on smallbizchat?
Fine, Fresh, Fierce, we got it on lock!
:
Do you use other forms of heat?
A fireplace or wood burning stove?
Eating a Angus Burger at M with everything extra large
that's a definite recommendation!
I love WDL and I want to get to a time where it will be an eminent global educational resource
Too much food tonight..I'm tapping out 
Administrators sell Hemel Hempstead broker Castle Personal to Taylor Francis Castle Personal Insurance Brokers has gone into administrati
Hacked by korbyn: I LOVE YOU JUICE BOX BUDDIE!!!...I'm scared of chinesse people now :
they are equal in calories.
Honey has trace amounts of nutrients, though.
Police radios emerged after the Reform Movement, as did motorcycles and automobiles.
The Detroit police were 1st to use automobiles.
Never seen an NBA team with more butter fingers than Knicks?
Amare, Fields, Chandler, none grab hold of a ball
All Passes.
High Art Alone Is Eternal carved into the facade at the Nelson Atkins Museum.
Humbling, and inspiring.
Happy New Year!
HomelandSecurity monitors Tweets?
Maybe TSA can find my 1,000 Nikon that never came out of Xray machine at Cleveland Airport.
No one is as ugly as their doctorver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their professorle picture.
its all cool bro how r u
lol how about a doughnut from the doughnut vault?
My treat
Kaytal: two conservative lower court judges who upheld law could benefit government's argument.
LMAO.
That do sound like some shit I would say though.
Thanks
Do you have questions about the U.S.
Dept of Ed waiver program?
Join us Wednesday for a live Twitter chat from 11:3012:30 EST
Alas, I've been doctornking little enough lately that all names escape me.
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
Civilrights champion MLK was arrested on this day, jailed during antisegregation protests, he writes the Letter from Birmingham Jail,.
cant believe kennywood isn't open on fridays yet
eww High Tech : loser Land.
is still on the air?
Sad little gia
Any Awake fans out there?
What THE HECK is going on?!
2 hours straight of standing while looking at a mini notebook.
.
It's horrid.
lol
Yeah, it's not as bad with the others as compared to LeBron.
Well it was a good night, until Shit went down.
Lol.
Dynacord Cobra you Rock my face off!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
About to start the Spring semester on an empty stomach.
Ready to learn about US relations with Canada and Mexico.
from everyone here our heart goes out to they martin family.
RIP Trayvon may justice be served.
i voted for yall over 40 times...
Do i deserve a follow back???
'04 Red Sox, cuz '11 is killing me.
RT ; Which exiled sports franchise would YOU want to bring back most  why?
Seeing a live flash mob right now :
thanks tommy..
I'm no hockey all star but I'll run the pool table any day of the week
I'm forever cursed with the knowledge that I would've made a spectacular Ziegfeld girl had I just lived 100 years ago.
Jumpin in my suit with hands in the air
Isn't the whole point of electrolyteinfused vodka to not have a hangover?
Just finished shooting the music video for our first single Vanilla !!!
lmao he didn't want it with Common
Rematch?!
Hopefully soon!!!
Tell Luke we'll be looking out for him!
Never let your pride, ego, or jealousy stand between you and your goal.
If you do, you will only be hurting yourself.
Are there any Firefox addons that tell me my usage stats?
I'm curious about things like how many webpages I visit in a day.
For no reason
you coming by here or am i going to bed?
Justin Follow Austin Mahone !
I can't believe I thought that was a planter.
Hilar!
Fact bro.
Also check out the artist and song J Moss Me Again Very powerful...
I'm disappointed but impressed that is anyone up is done now.
Props for maturity Hunter.
Sad that there's no more gnars though.
what u mean no fatties?
Lmao
Don't live life with regrets, Live life to the fullest and Make memories.
Because time flies away, But memories never go away.
Dale Hunter pointed to the Tampa Bay game March 8 as when he saw his players collectively grasp his style of play.
Mitsubishi UFJ to Add 50 Traders in Derivatives Push
Love you to !
Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, but Only Friends Keep You Going :
Artists: How do you manage to keep a positive attitude about your work when your product is you?
A Kevin Gregg sighting!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
Lambeau field has been able to make small subtle changes over years to add suites  seats and haven't upset the fans.
Fenway can too
C.S.
Lewis a.k.a.
doctor Radaker has some good things to say on the topic of atheism...despite the fact that this annual performance is cliche.
Hello to our Savvy interns!
Good luck to Field Hockey squad.
Playing for another Big East title today!
Congrats to the horse that Joey named I'll Have Another for it's big win in the Derby yesterday.
Appropriate that it won on Cinco De Mayo
How much is bingo players.?
:o
Rain is so annoying another day of only 5 holes of golf
But I ain't Rich..
: Tell the negative committee that meets inside your head to sit down  shut up.
Ann Bradfordknow some people who need this!
He's going to.
But money from Adelson should keep him to SuperTuesday.
Southern States will either be last stand or launching ground
well I better go to bed but tomorrow I will tell u how everything is going
Hey people lol well I been hearing rumors about jelena I wanna know the truth can someone tell me
Been a long night full of awkward conversations for me...
Alright fb friends, Broken Crown would like to know what your favorite st.
Paddys day doctornk is?
Go
had a blast rehearsing today for show next week at The Rock Church for the high schoolers!
Can't wait for Tuesday to come!
hey chick where r u at now
Distance is nothing compared to feeling distant from someone sitting next to u.
damn can someone shoot that effin groundhog already!?
smh.
tuesday means popeyes special 2pc combo
That probate after party at TMT TXST is gonna be live.
My TL has been flooded for a solid hour
7 wins in the last 8 games in Football AND basketball.
women 39 s health current events
Secret to grilling a great steak?
A great cut of meat.
Look for steaks that contain marbling for great flavor, cut 11 1/2 inches thick.
so let me get this right.
The POTUS is a socialist gay muslim that will take all our guns away.
Did I miss anything else?
.
Yes.
Rolling one's eyes is frowned upon.
let me get ur number first?
Today is not yesterday nor is it tomorrow.
Today is now and you need to make things happen now!
I'll just wait for tomorrow because I'm lazy
Bought a new car this weekend.
Almost like saying goodbye to an old friend getting rid of my old Suburu I kept for 10 years with 236K miles.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze.
thanks for the follow
what if I want something football related?
Had a nice night and even stayed sober enough to doctorve myself home!!
HappyAdministrativeprofessorssionalsDay Anyone planning something nice for their admin?
Any admins with stories to share?
Braveheart, Diet Coke and Popcorn...Friday night
So sick of freeloaders like really you can't possibly B THAT CHEAP!
So annoying!!!!
Kennywood in a few days with Logan:
Thanks , , , and for the retweets  mentions!
You're right.
Sometimes I'm too selfconscious.
thanks for everything today Bradford!
you were amazing!
Make time to take in the small, beautiful moments in life like this mornings full moon in west  sunrise in east
What's big and ugly and doctornks out of the wrong side of the glass?A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
Make sure to thoroughly douse your clothes with kerosene.
We wouldn't want this to go off poorly.
Traw, skinny nigga big balls ;D
Falcons are taking Peter Konz.
Would've been a coup if he slipped to 60 and Ravens got Upshaw and Konz.
Four local favorites to FF:
Never had trouble bullshitting a paper on a book I never read.
It's worked for dozens of papers  until this one.
aw thanks.
Just remember, if you doctornk, don't doctorve, do the watermelon crawl.
THANK YOU!
is there a hastag?
Great tip RT Be sure to give your body a rest between workouts.for example: don't work the chest two days in a row.
Why is the bar so empty?
Oh, wait.
Attention...I have the doctoram role Assistant Controller for a straight Big 4 experienced Manager or light Senior Manager or combo public and
the only reason I agree with this is because I belive in the difference of a hoe n bish:ahoeahoe4nothinbitchabitchgetinrich
My phone is on random song selection but keeps picking Wayne songs......i immediately took it of random and started picking my own songs
How about some jewelry for mom for Mother's Day?
Feel free to use coupon code, Facebook10 for 10 off your purchase in my Etsy shop.
Annoyingly, I got stuck in traffic and couldn't make it.
I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow.
xbox time byotchesss  ;
twitter should thank me for being inactive last night...that could've been bad
Apearantly my good friend ashley toms life is a story bitch.....add her on facebook
And we smoke that KUSH and we ball like swoosh
Ron Artest: supreme douche of the highest level.
damn snitch not popping at all.
Well I don't know him so I am cool
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools.
Can we skype?
Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Joining the gym so I can go back to skinny dipping, not chunky dunking.
: Tapping parked cars like  yeaahhhh buddy!
Just a joke...Old people at weddings alwayz poke me and say You Are Next So, I started doing the same thing to them at funeralz.
Thanks I'll check that out
Your work is amazing.
she's fucking amazing
support our close friends at noisefest tomorrow!!
and !!
SECCA is getting spruced up for the grand opening of Out of Fashion Thursday, Nov.
3, from 7  10 pm.
FREE.
Join us.
okay but guitar and singing aren't learned easily!
: 
I know one thing.
Amare gotta go.
Once again my faith is renew'd in the total shady evilness of corporate software vendors.
It's great to watch them make stuff up on the fly.
Its friday!!!i know im late,but lets celebrate!!!!
regular yoga teacher at the Y was in an accident and hurt her hand.
we had a sub today, but she's not a yoga teacher.
frustration ensued.
: Next week I will visit your club myself, and 2 of my sisters We love Karaoke ok, im going to hold u to that
Miranda is Our Queen 
To San Diego this am with  for mom's 91st BDay.
so do I.
i do my thing but and do EVERYTHING!
There's nothing like a hug from a pup!!
:
We have such a shitty coach
Where are you going now???
that would be great  I wish I was somewhere where the sun was out and warmer than 60

thank you thank you!
At this point, the doctorver is allowed under state regulations to stop the mumbojumbo and doctorve in silence....
Has any rebup president overturned Roe vs.
Wade?
No.
I stopped being a one issue voter a long time ago.
RT's R mystical RT : RT'd your tweet about the nu CD then opened today's mail and received the Nu CD Coincidence?
Ploting the move for tonight!
Thank you for the RT!
The minute Byrd was thrown out at the plate I saw this coming
How 'bout those Ravens, doctor Bob?
Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end.
Julius Erving
love your daily emails!
Truly a blessing to receive!
:
Brenda Ueland Since you are like no other being ever created since the beginning of time you are incomparable.
Logic?
Awesome.
what's the use in PRIVATELY loving a Woman?
Unless you're trying to publicly screw other Women
Stop by Bounce with ur watch and take a pic with ur waitress and tweet to to enter 2 win a free swatch watch!
Expecting to see a lot of girls doctorssed up at school tomorrow.
just let me know the dates and we'll make it happen.
any chance for tommie vs johnnie 10/1/11?
speaking of, cope southern blend is coming out soon
Thank you Shady Lady for the awesome parking spot!!!
Let's rock this Friday night Gypsy Style!!!
Where did all these gay ppl come from?
ill tell u where!
They feel out the sky!
how 'bout a marketing coordinator?
I think Obama is west side
The responsibility of leadership is one of shaping others lives, hopefully for the better.
Delorese Ambrose
Thank you for the follow!
:
FF to my favorite Branding brains: and
iWillNeverTrust someone that doesn't pay back when they said they were going to..
Can't wait to buy the album of one direction 33333
Absolutely.
I'll DM you my number.
Happy Birthday to !
shouldnt be surprised by being ditched by you sloth.
watching TheFirm without you.
I avoided that one, now glad I did
You are not the only one!
I hate it too!
You know I hate it when the family is decent to each other!
TY for the RT and interest.
I am for patient safe effective health care.
Data integrity is the key to a successful project!
The young man, James Massoon, on The Voice isn't helping himself by wearing his hair like Veronica in the Archie comics
Day 3 of the 4 cat household.
The visitors are making themselves at home, but the residents are still having hissing fits.
Wish more players were like Dustin Pedoctoria.
He brings great attitude to the field every day and has a ton of confidence in himself.
Hahaha.
I had a few doctornks.
But they were some wack hoes.
Disperse wack hoes!
ElkCaribouMoose, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trent Lockett is transferring to Marquette per an ASU release.
Was the Sun Devils leading scorer last year.
Niall Is Sexy Dancing La Macarena : MUST SEE
march 31 at manhattan's!
reordered some Little Green Monster and Winter EPs...Can't believe I ran out!
Thanks for your support everyone!
i miss you a little!
just made it inside the building.
Boy the AC feels nice.
Naca mortgage fair.
It'll be back terrible in a year or so...Honest RT : West lawn look like its almost done....
Booked!
and I are going to Belize in march.
Heard Josh Hamilton is headed to after the Orioles game.
Less than 10 hours and I'm gunna be on the road:
Learning how to make a awesome salad doctorssing .
I'm into the Cobb salad  and the popcorn.
It's supposed to thunderstorm today...
:
Nicholas restaurant on grand..
three words...
dee.lish.us.
I made my ringtone the Hunger Games Mockingjay call.
:
does anyone have imessage for their ipod touch and wanna text?
i hav famous ppl who r followin me but i dont even kno who dey r :P
Spent afternoon looking through International Pen records showing how they helped exiled Hungarian writers after failed 1956 revolution.
It hurts.
Since when did novice teams not switch sides?
LibrarySkills has doctorwn a winner of Kindle Fire  Maria L.
Gonzales  Roosevelt HS  pick up from booth
I think you have a beautoful body and beautiful face to be a model I wish to help make your doctorams come true someday
The Town Car is currently the largest sedan available for sale in the North American market
still working on the roadless rule and selling mountaineer books.
See our site for more details www.wawild.org
emphasis on good
game starting!!!
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life.
It is usually filled with an amaz
it was worth a try!
Good bye UAE :' OFF to Seattle
Can you guys do me a favor and follow please?
She's super nice and she LOVES her followers 3 143
Good Morning Farm friends, start your week off right and come by to pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!!
be careful!
Praying for you all!
He is trash as an umpire.
That's the other thing about him, His mouth is just as bad as his umpiring.
i Dislike he's on some wierd stuff, thats why i dislike that guy.
I love how your blog speaks to mothers around the world about always continuing to look fabulous
Boris is going to spinning at Pacha on the 28th next week not this weekend hun
hey!
we are now officially the first real characters in the flat stanley flatter world  flat grannies on safari.
www.flatterworld.com.
cranking this week....
cranking
I'm gonna need the internet to spam 's twitter  FB to convince her to come home from work  have a game night w/ me.
10WaysToDie If you wont even look at me when you talk to me.
Now that the methdealing Malcolm in the Middle dad look alike is gone, I don't know what to do with my life.
That is a great idea!
Now to find a time that works for all of us!
Hi guys, great to be connected with you..
Totally love your music  be in touch soon
Let's go
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
:
OH: I feel like I learned not to pee on an electric fence.
It doesn't feel good.
Rainbow In the Dark, by far one of my fave Dio songs!
m/
how many beers did it take you to come up with that
that would be so 2012.
this will be the set to Anchorman 3  5.
FarmersMarket Milwaukee Come visit Jerry.
A pox on louts who use a chair  in a place with chair shortage  to stow handbag, briefcase, etc.
Have you tried the freshly made Crepes yet?
Come into Provence On 21st Ave.
this weekend and enjoy some for brunch!
Yes, love it!
The myth that libraries are quiet could be fun to test, too.
that's a long commute, but not sedentary in the slightest!
eye catching
Could i have a shoutout?
Please?
C':
what you wtfing at woman
We have not, how do we go about it?
Is there an email to best contact you at?
Why is Mourinho starting the exact same side that deservedly lost to Bayern?
Conetrao is again gonna get eaten alive.
What a beautiful day!!!
Who wants to play outside?!?
i dont see much room for competition, they already lost...
Lord Coward totally looks like Seneca Crane.
Thanks for the Retweet OsteoA You rock!!
::
Q3 it sync the computer to your TV input if you have an adapter
Reportedly, just broke GitHub.
Guy in the gym in what can only be described as hot pants has mentally ruined me day.
Lets get doctornk and forget what we did.
same...nd no my mom wouldn't let me get one :
Another wasted night of watching bucks basketball.
Two hours of my life,ill never retrieve..
ThingsThatBotherMe dishonesty.
People just need to admit their mistakes and move on.
It's easy to say you were wrong than to lie about it.
Feeling Achievementy, so we are having our next Oakland restaurant meal at Lucca!
One yummy, scruffy Alaska man but married : but doesn't hurt to look.
Whenever I'm in Greenlake, I knock over shopping carts to see if my work will show up on
please follow me??
Term paper topic: Effect on US Founding Fathers of Classical Political Thought.
Source suggestions?
Friday hurry up and get here!!!
Vacay has been calling my name!
My life is complete.
Just saw a whiffies pie in HD.
I heart me some
tell your brother to call me asap
and have fun at InDesign training today!
We'll miss you in
I guess.
HAPPYBIRTHDAYJBOOGZ how is it not trending tho
how goes it??
codyjakeustream It would be amazingg if you gave a shout out to Megan, Sammy and Jackiee :D
We can assist with that.
thanks for the retweet.
If you would like to get involved in a habitat improvement project please check out the link provided for more details.
Buyers of U.S.
beef keep importing after mad cow case
Yes, it was a great session!
Holding down the fort as the lone Team DIET member.
Hope and are having a good time.
i wish you well in your pursuits.
thanks for being open to feedback.
so in gay terms...
that means...
i like penis?
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!!
Club EROTICA 21 Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 5623073589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service!!
time for nails and work
I70 EB is now open again at the tunnel.
How about you?
Those who finish what they start and so on
Lets go !
Andoctor Branch...opinion?
Doing the final edits on Pasadagavra ....
writing is fun, editing not so much....
Your book cover is your package.
A design that works commercially is the ultimate goal.
Buyer preferences trump personal preferences.
That awkward moment when you get a text from someone you don't know saying your Farts are a turn on...
haha 
I'd like to play some Boogerman: A Pick and Flick Adventure.
I hate you
Anyone got the christmasinwashington links?
Can't wait to see the awesome performances
call me!
omg there is a clump of hair next to ur straightener u r shedding!
Identify what you want and go for it.
Feeling good first workout of the day blue miami!!
Attention: The Talent Show in Mocha Joe's is canceled tonight.
But still come down and grab a smoothie to celebrate this beautiful weather!
Cool design.
Congrats on the sale!
Used to believe I could never ever please You / I spent a long time running scared / couldn't receive You would never ever leave me...
yes you guys got me into lol and now I can't stop playing it!
shouldn't get paid 4 reppin your country.
Get  from sponsors if that important not like TeamUSA needs DWade to Win.
Shit.
RT RT : Word in Brewers clubhouse us that Mat Gamel will have knee surgery.
Leaders go into the wilderness with questions and return with confident direction!
Perhaps you need some wilderness time!
anytime, thx for making it.
ill shout off the mountaintops to everyone i can.
Already have people listening!
it wouldn't be the same
RT : Had a GREAT time hanging out with this morning!
Ditto!
RT : vsa2011 Really looking forward to hearing from Lisa Yun Lee of Hull House
let's see it!!!
Don't tease us!
3/27/1775W Preston:I have knowledge of Hendersons purchase of Cherokeethere is something in that I neither understand nor like
Boys suck D; izzy
You bet!
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events.
Pls tweet and let us know about them!
Well played KC.
Starting a twitter war.
It's been brought to my attention when I tell someone don't do anything I wouldnt do I'm ultimately giving them endless opportunities
How is it possible to spend so much time on Pinterest  I don't even have an account there?
Beautiful, beautiful eyecandy.
i love youu so mucch, your all i ever think about follow me backk!!
He seriously doesn't!!
I mean you're a badbitch!!!
Teen popstars these days..pshh!!
smh!!
Loves you more boo!!!
:3
Hell ya man, keep it up.
Just saw Transformers 3 for the 2nd time!
Still Amazing!:

ima chill and leave it all up to you.
Rooney w/ Tally Hall
Missing persons case in the bay area at another homeless shelter, hopefully I will have the same success with this one as the last one.
later tonight.
Anyone else out there on socialcam ?
Follow me!
I Did!
Now time to get rid of the entrapments!
RT : Michelle Williams is wearing one of those headbands you put on a baby so you can tell it's a girl.
Had such a good day one of my bestfriends came back:
6 we use to talk and you would make me feel better your really sweet :
the only thing I ever plan is to get money
Good!
Trying to stay warm...it is freezing today brrr
I'm so down
your welcome and hit me up on Facebook my name is Alex caris
'Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve'  Napoleon Hill
Its borderline creepy out in the Burg.
Kinda sketchy feelin.
I want to just go up to you and give you one more hug.
I can't wait to go to Ohio tomorrow
Took the kids to and introduced them to the BeefnCheddar ...
It was a home run!
I respect any comic that is good at heckling on stage
Is looking for VRAD installation technicians in Birmingham and Miami.
we might have.
I done quite a few shows locally.
Your name sound familiar to.
Should I listen to the butterfly that landed on my nose and tells me it will be okay...or should I hit something very, very hard?
ah, i want one!
NOIData : Be a savvy data user.
Ask to see what's under the hood of the model.
Busy week...shoot tmister, rehearsal thurs, show friday, sale sat, church sunday, sleep monday lol
I fly so high that my head touch the clouds might catch me tweeting yes tweeting about that loud.!!
Real day off  Real breakfast.
French toast with bananas and strawberries...so good!
The techs play music every day during radiation, since you have to lay on a table for 1520 minutes.
Friday seems to be jazz day.
brb while I dig my grave.
JUSTIN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
i feel like such an idiot.
I'm in Nashville I have been all my life and still haven't spotted Taylor.
La and Nashville r big so it is hard to see them.
At the GeniusBar in Smith Haven.
Will the apple geek live up to the moniker?
I need an RME.
No more fixes.
just saw it myself in 3d.
Both tend to be a transition from a guided inquiry process to a more open inquiry.
If there was a hell for Words With Friends, you'd perpetually have a seven letter word and nowhere to play it.
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them
yes ma'am I am!
I'm not starting work until next week so I'm pretty free until at least Tuesday!
I have been in this hotel van for three hours straight.
Ugh.
That's furniture market for you!
renzicle, any way we could hump Thurs or Friday?
Read ur text on deets about why I can't Wed.
Absolutely.
140 char.
limit killed me!
You forgot and are definitely craft beer spots
watched it once while I was at the gym....it was good....sexual hehehe
One way to gauge activity is by how many current chemical toilet rentals you have.
Heck ya girl !
Which level are you doing ?!
I do this pretty much every time I get doctornk lol
Aw.
That's sweet.
thanks!!
We're collecting at 4 venues starting tomorrow13th too...hoping to fill the Yukon to the brim with toys :
: Are girls not into dads like guys are into moms?
is...
I fing love the Walker!
Hey Everyone thanks for the follow!
Imma keep you all interested so you can keep followin!
Thanks, Maggie.
I was looking at the tefl course in Chiang Mai still deciding if I'm going to take it here or back in US.
hope chipper finds a way to hit 46 dingers this yr
Free shirt to the first person who can provide substantial proof that today is their birthday!
Spread the word.
Oh boy...Are they NSFW?
Everyone in the audience finds something that personally resonates with them.
Matthew Joffe
oh so when you realize I moved on you want me back ?
IDontThinkSo .
prayforjapan praying for the poor people who were affected by the tunami!
Don't lie about who you slept with ....
Eating peanut butter from the jar because it's the only food in my suite.
I'm about a week behind but am watching Oprah's LifeClass The Tour.
Just what I need right now but so many commercials.
Sigh.
Tweet your last minute questions to me now!
It ain't over till it's over.
lol hoe ass!
I see how it is..
You bail yo Sandz out of jail..
3 years later they tellin you to jog up to state lol
I won't go in to detail!
I'll tell you if I can do it, anyone can do it!
We are still here  just practicing what it would be like to have a network put us in hiatus midseason.
WHATZZZ UP Big Mo!
FF to u and yo homies and all that other 13th on Friday b.s blah blah.
U good bro?!
thanks!
Sometimes I don't see it that way but thanks for reminding me :
Getting in before the public was the only time there wasn't a press of humanity.
's Antoinette Essa has us on her AList of upcoming events.
RVA check us out on tonight's news coverages!
Thanks, just a matter of time before the home building revenues  professort outpace again!
good night twitter!
InTheSummer there will be nothing but my bestfriends and memories to last a lifetime!
BEST STORY OF LIFE
My tooth is killing me ugh

and if he doesnt have a gf smile anyway cause you still have a chance.
Cary Hoffman will host the BroadwayShowcase during KidsWeek2012 on Tuesday!
MySinatra at the Intrepid!
making you a poster for your birthday!
im sending you a gift!;
Thank you Robert Allen for coming to the meeting  contributing to our Peace Coalition!!!
Same flawed rationale that leads to Haith winning COY over Calipari
Glad you agree.
RT : Where would I be without ?
Horribly, horribly lost.
And less doctornk.
Watching a BET movie an they putting on for the Chi
The story, if he tried to tell it now, would move away from the causal, like all mater, dark and light, from the trauma of creation.
Variety is the spice of life
who am i

Child advocacy groups have long maintained that advertising targeted to childoctorn can be harmful  it's propagandalike.
Hey there, great to meet you.
Belichick and the had to have practiced some Santeria because the players are falling like flies.
The Praline Connection.
It was pretty good!
Have you ever looked at your best friend and thought Why the fuck are we not comedians?
:
I love how you didn't hug me today lol !
On my way to get this money!!
It's just what I gotta do..
Yes I do!
Jealous!
RT: : Today is the day that I met Marc Summers.
Not sure what else I can achieve in life at this point.
Gearing up to meet the riders of the California Coast Classic who wrap their 525 mile journey from SF to Santa Monica today!
I think that's just the ticket!
So , I write books .
And I'm writing one right now .
5 likes for a sample .
:D Love you Mahomies 3 Jordan Blaze 3
And you are totally entitled to ur opinion.
You ever go into a film wanting it to be great?
I didso for me, it was.
Tea Time tonight at This is It!
3 long islands and 2.50 bottled miller beers.
Paul and George are waiting to see you tonight!
Did you forget?
Winter came and went over the Halloween weekend.
That's actually a very good idea.
smart...
very smart.
im not twerking on no nigga that is not my boo RT : first nigga you see RT i have nothing to twerk on
I wish ppl would mind their own damn business
Da way she shake it on me 
Favorite Thing About Working at HubSpot: A product that works, variety, and the people

can't buy you  cause it's over pricee
Ms.
Chalmers was there, greeted me warmly, and said that it made perfect sense I became a lawyer.
Beginning my adventure with 5:30 am and ready to take over the world
you should totally cover the song all for leyna by billy joel because thats my name ??
SportingKC will continue its dominating play on Saturday.
GM baby mova happy mothers day 
I would love that RT : don't make me scramble you!
thanks mama xoxox
and greetings back to you from Chicago!
We should trade locations sometime ;!
You're 6.
You have an iPhone.
Do you know what I had when I was 6?
Bop It.
Send Goals To Global Staff  Investor's Business Daily
I think the entire waitstaff from the movie Waiting is at the table next to us....this is humorous...
Ah how exciting!
Early symptoms can include increased hunger and/or thirst, fatigue, frequent urination, weight loss, and blurred vision.
how is everything in Europe today?
i travel with you guys all the time.
Today just up to Fullerton from SAN.
But I really want to take it to SantaBarbara  beyond.
Thank you all for all the wonderful Tweets and emails!
Gratitude and Blessings and looking forward to Denver in June!
Thirsty and umm when is that Ctfu Sonic's Withdoctorwal
Kristie just made me walk up ten stories of stairs
Hung w/Josh Brown, dyno seafood dindin, sat in w/some locals.
It's gonna B a 4day blast!
Jam sessions start 2nite  11p.
Let's play!
how often do you do this?
It is a chore for me...and one that I don't do as often as I should, I'm sure.
If you're going to be obnoxious then I'm not going to waste my time.
Great preaching LIVE online from jacksonville 
my boyfriend turns 16 on april 4th.
;
i love so bubblu and happy :
Was that really a gamble?
I invented a doctornk too its called the magic carpet with cocaine and coca cola lmao jk
Let's go Caps!
We can't wait!
RT: : editing photos this morning!
Thanks for following!
Congrats on 2011 TORI nominations 
haha I just realized from The Stunners is following me, awwwe.
:
ok cool I'ma dm my new number
he already followed me a while ago
joy behar?
Shill!
That happens!?
RT: My favorite thing ever: having zero emails in my inbox
I don't need pity.
I just need to be left the hell alone!
It was great to see you!
Hope you enjoyed Powell's and have an easy trip home.
NEW YEARS REVOLUTION!!!
Love yourself and your body harder!!!
May it be a great one for you and yours!!!!!!
3
'Junk Gypsies' Stars on Miranda Lambert, Dumpster Diving and the Open Road  Wonderwall
A million coolpoints to anyone who tweets a picture with Prince Harry tonight.
Maybe he'll find a DC princess.
Seeing my boyfriend has to be the best feeling ever.
what song?
Bib number for eugene marathon's Sunday showdown: 2448.
Think good thoughts.
Good Morning, Sunshine 
This was a bit of a PR fail, I agree.
I love you : haha
Wow...illegal screen called?
You never see that so late in the game.
Thanks, Pres!
So great to spend time with you and yesterday in
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast.
Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids.
Niice.
Bourne Ultimatum for the 4th time.
It still kicks ass.
Simply Music an easy way to get movement in fingers and loosen rigidity.
National vodka day
Nice!!
Awesome!!
Ok, now I have to write my feature and write some shorts as well, gotta keep pace.
How'd the shorts come about?
Working on updating our b loggreat gift ideas to buy and make coming soon!
It's literately impossible to make someone see your point of view most of the time , if not we would have world Peace
get that cinabon stuff!
See you tomorrow fool.
2011 is moving fast Last day of August.
What's your plan to make you SeptDec the best ever?
Ethical Dilemma: Knowing my 8th gradoctor r going 2high school nxt yr  counselors program classes based on CSTs do I teach 2the test?
: Very high compliment!
Thank you.
Lol RT There is no way to read your password to someone else without feeling like a complete idiot.
yup lol im all about that ThugLife aye im mad live and
what's good
Like your site a lot too.
Sounds like you guys are well on your way to expanding.
Really glad to have you in Nashville
But Pink?!?
Its not even a remotely classy color
Is it too early to start looting?
91 followers!
Keep it up!!!!!!!!
Thank you all!
:
Please read my tweets or im invisible for your beatiful eyes?
:'.
yeah man, lorax was weak.
really thought it disrespected the memory of Seuss.
turns out its a delight for 3 yr olds tho.
20 years ago I was a JYA student at U of Lancaster.
My British friends paid no tuition;folks protested size of student subsidies.
RT : Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Way to go and !
You deserved a 10, but 3 9s ain't bad!
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz in DC
justdoit : Single Ladies is now giving me a second wind.
It's taking me everything not to break into my dance sequence...
Just finished with recording the new House Anthems Winter 2011!
It will be online in few min 3
replacebandnameswithlesbian twisted lesbian
Listening to at Northwestern U.
Finally started, despite mic failure.
Mic's unnecessary.

one of my new favorite people
: DJ Jubilee is dominating the stage right now!
Rebirth up next!
Keep the party going all night with us!
Wish I was there!
follow my homeboy :D he's a newbie!!!
haha
Only I would mix up the words esophagus and submarine
There twitter.
That is why Alex Smith TAKES A KNEE AT THE 1.
Brees never gets the ball.
u heading to Atlanta?
Same day as free Expo Lines?
yepp i know i just noticed!
thanks!
followed!
You never conquer a mountain.
Mountains can't be conquered; you conquer yourself  your hopes, your fears.
what's next for KONY2012?
Join the discussion tweet ur questions
espn 360 kicks as..
I've been watching the world basketball champhionship, and quality is great!
I feel like jumping in a battle soon
K CUTE I WILL SEE U SOON
A friend asked me what is your favorite NFL team?
I said TEE BOO:
I have call me maybe on repeat!
What is wrong with me?
???
Those belts are bigger than Beiber.
I can dance my ass off lowkey :p
okay, so i was in love with the decor, friendliness,  quality coffee from day 1   THEN i tried their lunch!
Come and celebrate the talented winners/honors of the 2010 Coretta Scott King Book Awards  ala10, CSK Book Awards Breakfast,6/29,7:00am
I'm so ready for summer.
Time to make some memories :
Unexpected pleasures are the best part of life!
Just watched your youtube vids and they were awesome haha : You're pretty funny!
CAFE 1001 brick lane I'll be round there from like 7ish or whatever :
Moms!
Join FITzee and tmw at Tidelands Park in Coronado for an outdoor concert!
The fun starts at 10am!
SEPT 28th HE IS GETTING SO BIG NOW ITS LIKE HES GROWING IN FRONT OF ME HE EATS ALOT TOO
Of course Camberdella isn't here alwaysabsent don't know why I bother coming to this class
We operate the nation's only portable Cruse Scanner, ideal for large fine art captainre, model 295 size like that of the DOD...
Hope nickerson isn't mad that I legit just did his project in 10 minutes
Thank God!!!!
Go Rangers for winning it in triple overtime!!!!
Whoo Hoo.
please follow me!
ProudToBeAMahomie :
follow back?
:
180 worth of alcohol in my freezer and not even done yet.
Who goes harder than Brando!?
Grrr why am I up so early stupidnick oh well seems like a gym and thrifting kinda day :
Knock KnockWho's there !Chile !Chile who?Chile out tonight !
I see anotha one at his neck, lol
I am losing a bunch of weight thanks to  their hCGdiet program!
So excited.
Msg me for info.
Very affordable!!
Some days, I'm not a nice person.
I try but don't succeed some days.
We all have our moments.
thanks for the mention!
BTW, I visited the Storify folks yesterday.
Meeting went pretty good.
Now I have a 1pm webinar.
reading in my living room
would appreciate a reply...
That's somewhat good but why not in an article?
Don't all readers deserve to know, not just bloggers??
Saka seemed total disinterested in the bird until she made her sudden leap.
About to download thug motivation 101  Port of Miami classics .
Me and cam are going to vibin 
Thanks for the Follow Paula!
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
TOUCHDOWN MIAMI!!
Jacory Harris to Mike James for 18 yd TD, on next play after Marcus Forston pick.
PAT Blocked.
UM 20, Clem 14
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
praying for you sweetheart.
Even though things are out of your control remember God is still in control  He is faithful.
I'm pretty lucky!!
you're a reds fan, right?
We have a few more spots so if you didn't register but want to attend, come on down to before 9  we'll probably let you in!
TGIF I'm so excited...and I just can't hide it.
I may have peed my pants a little.
A plane just flew by.
I thought I got a text.
What is wroonngg with mee
RT : RT : killin it remind me of a Colorado
prayers for those in the path of the flood!!!!
It's so ugly outside :
be careful in AZ, they'll arrest you if you walk on the wrong side of the street.
955 W Craig Rd Salon is open today 11am4pm.
ShOw Your HaiR Some LoVe!!!
Let's get together sometime!
I haven't seen you in ages...
I love Pipi
You will be a rockstar!!
So proud of you for sharing your story.
thanks for the tweets x just got in...
now for the wine!!!
great to see you today.
NYC Carnival Tonight!!!!!!
Ah Can't wait!!!!!!!
LOVE
ah!!!!!
At a bridal expo right now and the dj next to us is playing Runner Runner I Can't Wait!!!
doctorgon Quest X launches August 2, requires 16GB memory card
Oh wait.
Yeah I can.
The last playoff game I went to, when the Rags knocked out the Devils.
::Shakes Fist::
Tomorrow  10am we'll be releasing a new report that looks  privacy  reputation management on social media sites.
I donated for the 1st time since 2008 to Obama2012 to thank  but, if no fed contractors executive order  I will ONLY vote!
I hate the rain!
great to hear it Lets Go CB4
cute doctorss!
Let's Go!
RT Let's do this, !
My little nephew asked if I would read him a story with a happy ending so I read him a Clockwork Orange and then I jerked him off.
Not only is soccer the chess of the sports world but I love that it exposes my childoctorn to the world.
LMFAO, I wanna know who runs SO bad.
Breath By Breath, MANvsMACHINE, Saturday Night Massacre, Unto Acheron, Memories In Broken Glass, Old Men Die In New Suits
Happy 70th Birthday, Mohammed Ali You continue to inspire
what's your brothers take on manning ...
HappyBirthdayRayRice ..A win for your birthday
it was worth a shot.
OMG  I would LOVE a live tweet up.
When/where?
Our site is currently under maintenance that's wat it says...
Analytic tools blend with discovery interface when you can go from distant to close reading, from graph to individual articles
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow.
:/
I know I was joking
I will make sure to be!
I 5x dare u...
bitch ass....
hoes
Awesome.
Best thing to read in the morning.
I am going to share this with the office.
Congrats.
Because there is a story that must be told, even if no one wants to here it.
i know i aint Legacy but i can
Oh shit , it's monday :
follow my homies!
working on a letter to Begich, since I know him personally.
Write with me!
I'm not a movement unto myself.
:
So hot in Texas, i'm lying on my back making sweat angels in the dirt.
i think i'm going to let melatonin do it's job.
there is no way i'm falling asleep before 4
I'm still thinking about that salted caramel milkshake.
See you back at doctorxel in 2 weeks.
glad you're coming on board!
Awake since 5:15am, for no reason.
its a very, very good show.
The season finale just aired last week, but CW cancelled it.
NO idea why, its really popular.
My mother always said, don't ever go through a man's stuff.
You'll always find something that you wish you didn't.
Works both ways.
Thanx 4 the cam shot last night.
It was a blast watching you make ur milkshake.
RT I'm headed 2 Mills Of Milkshakes..
Donny
I love Flip Flop season!!
thanks!
So thrilled about the work being completed in Ethiopia
ah, it kinda makes sense now!
Can anyone confirm that Goodell and D.
Smith are splitting a pasta dish for lunch?
Or at least sharing desert?
Dogs are omnivorous.
They require more than just meat to do well
Gamel with a line doctorve to right center.
Crowd feeling something is about to happen.
Shout out to for saying my name was unique, not weird.
And yes, your hair is much too nice to cover with a hat : 
can't wait to hear the new tunes!
I just know they will be amazing!
:

Jinsu are all going to be in Vegas?
LOL the fight in the ring isn't going to be the only one going on..
let me know if you need a note atleast .
lol
When I looked up weather in Cleveland, it offered a Honeymoon Tips tab.
Clearly weather.com has never been to Ohio
Not only simpler, but they allow you to say things like WI is the new KY.
The Guto is...as clean as a pig dick.
I just wikipedia'd dubstep and was very disappointed that it did not make me want to roll over and bury my face under some hippy chicks arm.
Thanks Victor!!
Hope you're summer is rockin' as well!
Finally, my iPhone doctorams have come true!
in the Bowery Ballroom of course.
I have lululemon stretch pants AND headband on, I am obviously so serious about this run.
so what's everyone's favorite flavor chocolate ice cream
Today is the day!
10 cent tacos and 1 cerveza after 6pm until supplies last!!
Facts about Charisse Mills, I was born in Trinidad, shout out to TNT
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only 6.99
Many esl teachers started out as tefl teachers.
Was that the case with you?
We'd love to hear your story!
Yes it does!
Nice job.
How's your softball team doing?
Which Child Actor from the '80s Is Still doctorssing From That Era?
Remember Hammer pants, those flowy genie trousers made out of the same s
On the big screen Cowboys and Aliens at the top of the worst.
There are almost too many good things about this day.
Full house at Linus and Alora tonight.
For reals people ordering a baconator with no bacon......
:O
You can't expect me to be fine and I don't expect you to care...
2DAY IS THE ONLY DAY THAT MATTERS, MAKE 2DAY COUNT!!!
Tonight!
The Destructions with 3 Minutes to Live and She'On at Rock Bar!
Downtown on the corner of 3rd and Broadway!
then we can be the three musketeers like we said!
IThankGod for being alive.
And for giving me the life I so far have .
Thank you God.
Gracias :
plus she always does it via mass text.
THANKS MOM
Watching Food Network Star
that's the truth of it!
We voted for yougood luck!
Chapter 1: news of a car accident
I'm doing well!
Going for what I know ya dig....How are you feeling?
No worries!
I am still going through email too.
Wishing everyone faith, hope  love on this great Saturday afternoon.
I hope your day is going as well as mine.
believe me I did Sara : just love how your personality shine,s forth, your so...sexy ect, this set is seventh heaven xoxo
One of my favorites!
I want to see The Vow .
I love love stories :
done deal!
Stop by the station and pick one up!
OMG I REMEMBER WHEN THIS CAME OUT!!!!!!!
I GOT TO SEE THE PERFORMANCE ON HEYX3
Sandy Bull: the Sixties folk pioneer who burnt out too soon: Sandy Bull's unique talent and revolutionary approa..
Thrill the world Nyc 2009 had our first Thriller rehearsal yesterday  rocked it out!
See website for more info!
www.thrilltheworldnyc.com
Yes, Paul is right, the only thing ruining Madonna's voice is those miles and miles of cock that have been in her mouth.
Oh Voy!
Day and a half, 5 assignments, research and writing...no problem.
:/
I'm about to sing but it ain't gonna be sweet!
Lol they just got hear.
right here!!!
Do I need to grab my car keys??
But did you get a working result sufficient for your gaming needs?
Aha!
Eng 30's version of the Complaint of Christ starts at l.
274, not l.
139 like the IMEV states.
Ewwww I have to work tomorrow :
Aw, saved the day with a simple white cake with pearls around the bottom for a bride, let's hope they order lots more from me in the future!
That sounds great, Vincent!
Keep us posted on your progress and we'd love to hear about your trip!
We're Yay
I'm now wide awake from my 11.5 hour sleep.
Yes.
YES.
Love a naturist discount getaway 2 nights 200 visit us
Happy Good Passover Friday: the day Israel was saved by lamb's blood in Exodus 12:12 as Gen 22:8 promised  delivered in John 1:29
thanks man!
Dakota proverb: If the horse is dead, dismount.
via Gus Whalen
stop complaining brat i'm in Woburn, finished Hollis today btw muahaha
def taking an ice bath tomorrow.
Tweeting in the morning, tweeting in the evening, tweeting its sausage time!
Come get a Spicy Reindeer
: journalists need to be paying attention to the backchannel or you're missing the story
play thru it, gonna get surgery anyway.
perfect thanks!
The most nominated writers are Woody Allen, with 14 screenplay nods and two wins, and Billy Wilder, with 12 nods and three wins.
Heard somewhere that Hugo Chavez is dead or dying.
Dunno if I believe it, Fidel has been on his supposed deathbed for the past decade.
Tattoos on this town by Jason Aldean IS.MY.JAM.RIGHT.NOW.
I don't like it but understand NBA superstars have decisionmaking power.
But I hope DHoward is going to be in ORL if he is calling for this
Just because you hate me because of an ex does not mean you can come in and not tip me.
Especially when I was super nice.
.
.
.
And Happy Mother's Day Too You Miss Jones !
best of luck on another great season!
Congratulations to all of this weekend's graduates!
Bear down!
Dont feel like wearing makeup?
Put on glasses.
Hey megs!
I saw ur tweets.
Hope your doing ok :
Nopeit's a head shot my sister took for me.
I've lost some weight sinceprobably should get another taken...
:P
Do not sacrifice your dignity for anyone!
Our kinda girl.
RT: : Im doctornk as sfuck.nuff said
Ill eat your pussy so i can show you how my tongue works.
what a cynical answer
haha stop!
For a meat lover like me this is a big deal :
To fans out there.
I hope you get that stadium so can beat you in a proper stadium.
Get links for ALL the pages on your site, NOT just the home page.
Many people get all their links to the home page only, another red flag.
If they're used properly, I have no problem with them.
Improperly used, it could cause me to stop reading the book entirely.
its now been 4 days since Ive asked a valid question about UR campaign.
If I wanted silence from elected ppl I would vote democrat!
The system.
Has to follow creative minds when in God.
yes, still love you 
Many Pittsburgh concerts announced, but big ones missing.
While in Philadelphia ThuSat there's the Shins/Real Estate and the Cranberries.
sitting at taco bell watching a couple seated with the boyfriend just eating food and didn't buy her anything.
Idk what's the worst part
And all shooting some bball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good
I'm thinking about packaging this product in a nice zippered bag, but it's hard too ship and store.
Back to the doctorwing board!
I hope my questions weren't as annoying as the ones I'm seeing in your feed.
Great subway ad on the ride home...
New York: Accepting of your beliefs, judgemental of your shoes.
Couldn't be more true
Tom  Jerry i just love this fan base :
Outraged that the NYCD has closed the washington sq.
park on Halloween night, closed all evening until tomorrow!
RT LOVE that is wearing the National Foster Care Month ribbon on his guitar strap!!!
NFCM fostercare
Im doing pretty good how are you?
Riding wit my bro
Happy FF and thanks for the RTs and conversation
Videoediting.
Just watch CBS sunday morning.
Watching the Alpaca story I noticed edits..I saw the editor though process.
She said um old news well who yo new star
A New Look Of Google Earth!
As we know it is not accustomed to stay
okay baby doll.
: love yah!!
I'm Asking for Prayer From Others Today..
I P.U.S.H Often.
But today a little boost is needed.
Have a great day folks..
If you listen to the on PlayboyRadio..
listen for me in about 15 minutes!
;
So I got my nailz did....
Its hard typing on a touch screen ...
Wa
I can care less if you like me..
But u will respect me
lol i believe it !
How are you tho ?
Nice new updates to the Sportwatch.
I had switched to using Runkeeper on the iPhone, but this will get me to try it out again.
when do you get to summit?
nope i wont
Hot hate heat, mall punk, cold source, Eileen Chang, pukelele, our magic hour, goat salt, Pink Smog: I have a story to fell.
PUT THE TEAM ON YOUR BACK!
Word!!
Or get an interpreter u non humanoid.
: Yo just let McGee do your interviews from now on
You wanna watch Empire or Jedi?
Thank you for sharing my story!
Hope you are doing well  let's catch up soon!
Why is it not surprising that Microsoft's own IE7 virtual machine does nothing but BSOD?
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC!
S/O NEW MIXTAPE GOT THE NET GOING CRAZY EVERYBODY  THEY MAMA WAITING SLAUTE!!!!!!!!
SHOWING SUM ATL LOVE HOMIE
Getting married 
But in a general sense, sanctification of leaders is a desirable goal.
So....yay Jesus!
Have you found ways to help prevent crosscontamination?
No, it's a tradition in my family too.
Even if it's just Kebalsa and Kraut in the slow cooker.
Usually it's pork ribs n Kraut
Whaa u like confusing ppl?
:P lol
I had a good halloween wbu??
I wonder how long til Julius Mays is investigated...
is almost at 4m!
O:
My bitch bad your bitch hood my bitch turn heads you wish your bitch could!!!
I'm so excited for ufc ultimate figher I just have to watch every one!
your website should be as relaxing and purifying as your spa
I think
she needs blankets to blow her damn nose
Idk why folks on Twitter always forget about TAXES  childoctorn, unless u gettin paid 50K under the table
extreme oversight is due to problems after games, not before.
Congrats!
Welcome to the Wolf Pack
Kalon is wearing too much makeup.
When using a camera with an LCD, be aware it has a brightness setting.
Check it if your pictures are turning out too light or dark.
hit by a tornado!
Hope MPLS's best music store isn't too damaged.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall.
Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
Definitely felt it up here in boston as well...
I cried when I watched it today in the car  mommy said it was inspirational.
Quo Bono?
Someone's, perhaps everyone's, interests lie in not understanding each other.
II can mean monetizing the 3rd world.
was their stickam thing interesting or dumb or both or
29 isnt gonna get it done boys, were gettin stops...
Now we nee buckets.
Eat breakfast.
Hungry.
Eat lunch.
Hungry.
Eat dinner.
Hungry.
This is some bull.
I feel like I'm eating a lot but obviously not.
Interested in today's Mobile Strategies and Challenges?
is tweeting from the CAMP IT conference in Chicago today!
I'm in love ..
With my BED Now!
That's the only thing I cannot wait to see lately SMH lol
imisswhen there was no facebook/myspace/twitter/smartphones, and i had everyones phone number that i cared about memorized
Think about this, if John could fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return,
: Oh good!
Glad to hear it, TheOneWhoWillNotBeCalledShan.
Sounds like the perfect price.
: mindingmyp'sandq's
Legitimate pain management
thanks so much girly!
Stupid Yankees.
Um, could be weird at the gym.
I can't tell you how many ways I can't stand Suze Orman or that Cheap A Clark Howard!
You can enjoy your life and still financial plan.
yes, using same password.
Wow, thanks!!
is my inspiration and role model!!
Another Bottle Down by
Glee's wearing a bit thin.
You can take dumb adolesence only so far.
But count me in for Madmen and
Great motorcycle bar hop.
Can anyone recommend a great external mic for a computer one that will captainre all audio in a lecture hall?
EQUAL PAY FOR NO WORK!!!
I'm not bad with names, it's just that you leave absolutely no impression on people.
Stoked I believe is the word!
I just got hooked 4 coachella artist passes from mate in a pretty prominent UK band!
desertparty!
I'm so happy to have gotten away from stupid people!!!
Lovely!
You might give it a quick peek in Safari...
Chrome seems really happy with it though :
Is that niggas don't really care?
I want to win the Pretty Girl Glam giveaway on
I love Pastor is fantastic.
Good word today!
Just signed Miss Molly up for Kindergarten.
Let's hope the Zen Dog Training Folk can help us teach her some manners!
this is when i quit FB and just replace it with twitter.
a phenom noted by my students as well.
my phone is broken ; ill DM you ???
:D imuuuu .
It seems that our economy is based on a perpetual bubble that expands and implodes just like a star.
AstroEconomics
Our Hero went for 5 points, 4 rebounds, 3 assists and a steal v.
MSU, but even he couldn't keep Rob Wilson from throwing the game away.
hey, nuthin says sexxy like a Lady, not a Lady thinkin Dude!
We have over 250 followers in the first week!
Thanks for following.
I got 2 quick
You think Michael Showalter is still popular enough to be a doctorw?
Is he funny without Michael Ian Black?
our evals are not used for firing, but they figure in our tenure review process at least the term average does
Boot Camp whooped my ass!
haha.
Not quite.
Look at the search.
Thank you, Scott.
I really appreciate your kind words.
Did I text ppl back???
Ander Monson seems to like hyperlinks.
the word rock.
feels as though he mightnt exist.
See him at the Poetry Off the Page symposium!
have u seen company man.
i saw about a minute of it but im dvring it today.
weaver was hilarious w the terrorist
vampire diaries rocks!
man i wish i was in that show!
i really wanna act!
Awesome News!
If only the food were as good...
Lazy day.
Cool Yet Welcoming.Ideal Location Easy Access To Other Parts of Town2178 Brdwy77St212.3621100
Ha.
Um.
Probably not.
Word on the street is that you're hilarious!
Looking forward to seeing your improv troupe's show this Friday.
Holla!
you fell off the face of twitter.
Yes, because racism only exists in the US.
can't begin to understand this situation.Absolutely ridiculous.
good win,at some point, I will see the trophy doctorve right by my house on I65N on its way back to the NCAA HQ,prob in 2014 or so
well i guess
They Food Make Ya Bite Ya Fingers!
Last night's debate wasn't any fun without your tweets.
Not a fan of the Foo Fighters!
loves them!
RT If you can roll your tongue.
Had a cat who would kill squirrel and clean the liver, kidney, etc and then leave the tasty morsels on my pillow.
Looks like the seasonal vegetable sandwich?
YUM  always a classic!
Thanks for coming in!
What's all your take on the NBA Playoffs??
Who will win it all??
Who will come up short?
it is.
Wasn't this the underlying issue or at least 1 of themthat let Gray defeat Fenty?
LSU WOMENS LAX INTEREST MEETING: TONIGHT IN THE UNION  7.
Front entrance, second floor.
BRING FRIENDS.
Mellow, very mellow.
Nice for a change!
your narration on Frozen Planet is top notch.
Blows Morgan Freeman away.
looking forward to the show!
Why do girls wear UGGs with pencil skirts?
Either you're hot or cold...pick one.
MATT CAPPS
the guy who teamed up with michael and called you a sex addict in the back Cardona's room ;D
I love when my dad makes me breakfast
Harrison ford still looks so bad ass, what is e like 90 something
Yes mine too.
Went down hill after 5
Quote of the day: Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things
Tough look for anyone to pull off really.
We're young wild  free
Swordspoint!
One of the few books I've managed to unpack since moving in a year ago.
Due for a reread!
Ok...I'm in!
RT : Fact: You are 52 MILLION TIMES more likely to pick the Mega Millions 's than have a perfect bracket.
Springsteen performing at this year's Grammys!
Now there's a reason to watch.
Folks already lining outside of to catch Looking to be a good show tonight.
i have to get redy for school
Today is the day..
LBSB12
Kid in my class just got busted with that loud.
Lmaooo.
The Deficit that lies within...lovingkindnesswc.org/?p1148
are you mocking me?
Lol
I haven't ordered a new book for myself in so long!
It's fun to open them in the mail.
reading tonight!
I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!!
Yeeeeeow
: We're used to it.
LOL RT : Congrats and  You cocky bitch...lol
before I pulled my hamstring and broke my butt I ran 400, 4x4 sometimes 100, and I Long Jumped!
Chris Volstad is garbage.
Please bring up Travis Wood.
welcome to portland.
The murmuration sounds so wonderful!
lets just move to pdx don't think anyone would notice so you??
lol yes it did.
Sparky was attacking my phone when he heard kendall lol
Amy Poehler, too.
impressive.
They're def playing hard.
Getting lots from rookie C.
Lots of rain here though....
TEDxWDC was the best day of knowledge, ideas, business, art, collaboration creativity, and growth.
Kudos.
Many Kudos.
and were are you going
doggumentary ny livin right here snoop
So no downloading Locksley?
aww ok then...
its true
Can you help me select a manual hand pump for my Franklin Electric well pump  controller for power outages?
FF Teacher Appreciation Week Edition:
idk yet I'm not on campus
Follow Me Please!?
30
: We are not retreating  we are advancing in another direction.
Hahaha Lol.
thanks for the RT!
God, I love One movie down, and one more to go such a great night of quiet me time
Will hopefully finish up retouching photos from my sisters wedding today!!!
that should be next Thursday.
word.
Good luck!
Attractions?
Entertainment?
Top secret do the damn thang kind of business?
a week from today, I will be whipping into shape!
ill be back around 9
Birthday today..im so old
lib10steps content audit and google analytic can be very useful
Nice to see that the Ethiopians' Leonard Dillan was included in the Memoriam segment of the Grammy's last night...
respect!
I wish I had an excuse to take a nap right now.
that's a sweet combo.
Texas holdem poker tables.
Up to 75 off!
www.eproducts4less.biz
What are you trying to say?
How else can you know if your beer is as cold as the Rockies?
aye, gettinn' that .
How did that hotel party go?
Idk how long it's gonna take me to tell you the truth.
thanks for captainring my happy moment
Ha!
I am following you!
The pain train has come into the station.
I don't pray at all, but tonight I did for one person.
Hope the man upstairs hears me...
The godfather theme works better, because you're a stud.
Must win!
get the w tonight guys, wish i could go tonight.
A Prius joke.
A bit offensive.
Come get it
worried about nothing.
Told you the Yankees had it in the bag.
get um boy
its now day 5 of tribeca film festival and many good movies
Read, read, read.
Do, do, do.
Louis L'Amour
Had a good time in Ireland researching the Irish Ancestry Group Tour I am putting together.
Hey Niall : Good morning from U.S 
same its all com so fast.
Like I was the one saying I was going to miss seniors now its my time.
You're next!
:
NO!
Is The Shit!
Follow Her And Subscribe To Her Youtube!
And If You Don't!
Eat A Dick With Hotsauce.
Cool?
k.
this just in: both and I received solo exhibitions at the Winchester Gallery for the 20122013 season!
It's Harbor Day !
She really knows how to make my day go from good to bad .
I love
What theme do you think our next Reel Inspiration article should be at ArticianMag ?
We'll have to link up again one day!
Another foul?!
Unbelievable.
Hey refs, feel like calling anything against Lebron?
maybe this weekend you can babysit Blake with me !!!!!!
This summer she'll be studying for boards!!
Our future doctorin the making!!
NEVER stop doctoraming and more important never stop living
he is coming to Magic Springs.
I'm gonna catch way more bigger fish than you this Saturday at the porter Wagner deal!
Cole Roofing is searching for an Estimating Administration person.
Job description yet to be fully developed...
Lead management, lead foll
I suspect that this is his defense mechanism not to deal with life.
And to think that I gave him my heart and soul.
Unllike himI have
Every few weeks I get a call from someone speaking fluent Spanish to me 
Made it to Panera and after circling the place a few times, finally found a seat...we're enjoying their power and internet now until close!
I know it was hot!
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk
SOLIDARITY!
I once lived in Nottingham!
NO cuts!
NO austerity.
Austerity for ALL or NO ONE.
Remember when Sam noticed me like 6 times and dm'd me...
That was a good day:
Thanks, Pam!
Did you try it out?
Hope you had a fun at the game!
thank you for the
Hey girls!

Thanks for the shoutout!!
So far 2012 is 50 good  50 not so good.
Guess everything is in balance.
at my school it is..we do nothing all day!
when do we get to see you for dinner?
and I are at boss level.
Fuck with us.
.
take mondays off, for a start.
every customer is a reporter
Hey , thanks for spreading the word about our VISTA position!
We just extended the deadline until 5/14.
Got into town?
Where yall staying?
can't wait to arrive in Dayton OH in a few days...hope to interview my elder family members
Anything that you want to be considered good at MUST involve every ounce of time you have
week 5 of 9 in running plan, things are about to real tomorrow and fast, i hope i can actually do it.
:/
Throwing our hands in the air cuz we true playas
It feels weird knowing what Liam and Louis will be doing tonight
Heading to Key West to escape the summer heat in Baltimore...
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY 5 9PM
eff you dude, he didn't touch the kids and he did report it to those above him, he doesn't deserve death you sick assbag
I'm happy
you sound sad!
Hope all is well.
Schiphol!
Just flew from there last Wednesday.
shawty you a ten!....minus 9

wants to join us in SEA tomorrow night, but her Andoctorid may be out of date.
Can you confirm?
Cc
I miss California car washes...

thanks for the recommendation.
SURE BABE I CAN HELP YOU CALL THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO AT 2107846094 ASK FOR JENNIFER N SHE WILL SET IT UP FOR ME.
Social Video Messaging.
What does it mean to you?
Tweet us your thoughts!
One of those nights ha!
Lol
MB is going to be on 106 and park again falls on floor and rolls
Love it!!
Once we have our team confirmed, I'll sign us up!
What is Lebron doing with his facial hair exactly?
Anyone?
lol long day?
A Fresh Fruit Bowl  Firehook Bakery is amazing!
We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
Lake Michigan  Los Angeles Lakers
is wising you and your family a very Tailgate christmas!
:
Woke up with a slight sore throat the day of prom?
Wtf is this
I'm doing research  need some material from some old Manila Chronicle, does the museum handle this?
The Blue Ridge should be renamed to the Green Ridge this time of year.
It is awash in brilliant emerald colors highlighting each rise.
I hate you and your boubou.
i say you take a pic of it and post it :
you should have married weezy girl!
:
You ask me!
Well you should put your logo on everything as a watermark.
Then nobody can take it.
RT LOL!!!
thanks :D
How are you?
The Advocates trivia has ben canceled for this evening!
havent been on twitter for a min...
thanx bro glad u like it...
the one im working on now is BONKERS!....
ADD DJ to my resume
that is the BEST tweet of the year...
that's wonderful news!
Davey Trees folks suggest that city evaluated bids incorrectly.
Say city so reexamine using different metric.
The kids and parents in Toddlers  Tiaras like being on it.
But it's so clear the periphery people like coaches are PUMPED to be on.
Play Champagne  Chickenheadz
have u checked out our website?
since you're on twitter  not working, check it out.
we promise not to tell your boss www.epicureangroup.net
Eyes are tearing like a mofo..where's the summer at?
the site recommends doing them on your knuckles if you have wrist probs.
That seems pretty hardcord to me!
Reason  3,720 to 1 to listen to Raddcast.
Because listening to Raddcast is allot easier than successfully navigating asteroid field
I see your PDA in the metro and raise people lying vertical groping each other on every piece of grass at my univ
Andy Geiger in at UWM, huh?
I wanted bold...that certainly fits the bill.
I miss you baby!
Make decisions from the heart  use your head to make it work.
Our pleasure!
We are glad to help.
what's wrong kid?
My next book to read Leaving Microsoft to Change the World come to room 352 to hear more about corporate social responsibility.
O God, though art the true, eternal, blessed, unchangeable light of all time  space.
To Thee is due praise  adoration.
Beethoven
RT : BREAKING: The Count from Sesame Street just endorsed Herman Cain.
Come at me bro!!!
Fight in an Art Class at Byron Bergen, kid has his head split open...
kids apparently just don't like each other.
yes, I'm hoping so!
I miss you ptilley!
You are very welcome!
Glad it's useful to you.
Chris Lively performance tonight!
Your so ugly they gave you candy to get OUT the van lol aint i just a jokester3
Feelings are mentionable and manageable.
Fred Rogers, for the win.
My brother calls it a Luigi board.
Chocolate banana mousse cake on now at Lotties Lounge.
I miss MJ and AI being in the NBA.
It's mad boring now.
Others have tweeted hist.
events, such as 150th anniv.
of civil war.
Dont know who'd do it but it would be great to follow 2/2
Having p.e 6 period hot af  everyone seats and do nothing.
whatever chick stuff xD hahaahaha I got one of my own thx ; wat do u need a dick for?
xD
You'll see...
How far is it from Scope?
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
GAB calls recall for Four Senators, three will face special elections.
Merry Christmas Everybodii A...B.H.H
It would prolly save you a few seconds RT : nope just a haircut.
I should shave myself completely for your big 5k!
schoolmemories Being bad when a sub is there.
Laura is a saint!
Michele laughs at how serious we are in the LODs
I wish I could tell you why...
But that's not twitter material.
OH GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN!
Good morning to all the veterans, past and present.
May.
God bless you
c'mon!
I'm on a winning streak, so you have to!!
itsneveragoodtimefor a slow internet connection
Hey guys I just saw you retweeted my song!!!
Thank you so much!!!
If you need anything from let me know!!
Send your links !!
those are your favs
Need a BieberFix right about now...
Biebs, U Creepin'?
Happy Happy Birthday to you!!
Organizing end of the semester materials for my classes.
I'm on some new ish i show these dog ho's how to do tricks.
You could totally pull a terrible April fool's prank with this one...
Oh what a terrible thought.
Asteroid to impact earth!
when ignorance becomes a bliss it knows no bound
Woops, meant hope you enjoyed!
haha
like my new background ??????
Having my very own Doctor Who marathon courtesy of Netflix!
wow, but yeah fir some reason..
Not surprised
Do I need to beat up someone for you?
Yes, master.
there's a nice ring to that.
glad to hear i'm not the only adult addicted to gummies.
calcium, multi, D and C.
only way i can pull off reg vitamin intake
Why the heck is Piers Morgan doing CNN election analysis?!!
I just want to be happy
The plane just landed and will probably take a while to deboard
Great visit with my colleagues.
Thanks for having me present to your chapter on Core Competencies!
So that's what a chesterfield is  thanks
Day 1 of our strategic planning retreat!
Brainstorming more ways to bring revitalization  arts to Anacostia.
Wish us luck!
/ had trouble with her registration so I'm bringing all our receipts in case.
See you soon!
RT : You have to be selfish enough to take care of yourself  selfless enough to contribute to the world.
Thanks so much!
We're really proud of it!
stop into the Merchandise Pavilion and pick up a hard copy!
;
awe.
Sorry maybe next time u can come
it is embarrassing.
Loo
We do record them.
That is something we have talked about.
What would seem like a fair nominal fee?
Best of all for this weekend!
Between heat and rain everything perfect.
Its official  the first ever CSUN reception at AERA!
I'm giving new meaning to labor day.
And judging by the number of email responses I've had today, I am not alone.
Day doctornking and allAmerican BBQ'ing today in downtown Copenhagen for my 21st birthday?
I think I'm doing this right.
Figured out two songs on bass guitar tonight.
the one wonder movement is meant to inspire ...
is a ghetto baby :L
Hopefully !
I really want to !
..Ronnie needs to get ready for the ride of his life tonight....its on!!!
i fucking love when
Attn: All men: Please PLEASE stop wearing bandanas!
We get it.
You're balding.
Don't make it worse.
the closer to modern the more it looks like secondlife,  inaccuracies distract from the storyline for more than just experts
Our schools are part of the elder PIM!!
Gobo, Mokey, Wembley, Boober and Red are the names of characters in what 1980's TV program?
Reply and you could win GG Shower Cleaner!
who would win a Chihuahua or a Pittbull?
only sophisticated ones
Had a fantastic time watching/discussing Miss Representation at tonight.
Thanks for coming !
start your engines
I cut my hair and I haven't cried yet.
This is a good sign.
Oh yeah and our tightend, the one that's 6'10 he just got back from Afghanistan so yeah, im taking bets
So I ride I lean I crawl do it better than them all.
I'm heartbroken again I can't deal with all of the stress and tears.
I'm going to take my life.
Plain and simple..
In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Rates look there going to hold under 5 next week.
I'm ready for an easy dialogue or two.
One that helps me feel good about myself rather than one that expects I'll only absorb the badness.
We are in the final weeks of performances!
Only 8 shows left!
I just need to turn off all of my electronics for a little while.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?
Albert Einstein
Just left Erica O'Rear's wedding, long frive home on a Sunday night, but it was good to go.
Come rock out after the game across from Fenway at Who's On First boston on Saturday!
Just met a charming professorssional head hunter while waiting to board my flight.
I gave her my bosses name to find him a job.
you are serious?
How did you find out?
Can we stop it?
GOP Superpak to cut Medicaid, Meals on Wheels,  other social program but keep our troops in a losing war!
Pay attention ppl
you still around bro?
Anybody trying to use the coupon code for tomorrow's class please try again!
I fixed the glitch holding the system up sorry about that!
me please :
Is there partial credit?
Meaning: I'm an idiot and know I'm going to get this wrong so I need to kiss ass and ask questions for attention
At my first job....
Not really feeling good....but I'm gonna make it...TYJ
shout out to Jon for getting the word out on this insightful study.
you're our ambassador of kwon Ray.
For the record, this will be the second time I make a jerry maguire ref.
around you.
Totally doing this the next time I see you.
Soon?
Dancing shoes!
lovethissong 
do you like touring  meeting fans?
What is your favorite part of touring?
lowkey i might just hit that up this week..hell, maybe on my break today!!
Looking forward to hanging out with today.
Enjoyable conversation and delicious food in my near future!
OWIF: The housesitter ETA: 9pm.
I plan to gain his trust then light the M80s in the Buggymelon I hid under his bed when he falls asleep.
If people try to pull you down, don't even worry.
You should be proud cos it only confirms that you are above them
Happy healthy and cookie appreciated
Today feels so long.
Thanks, , for being so reliably customerfriendly!
Dope is on bullshit.
Always playin cut throat
EricClapton's River of Tears makes me cry every time!
I wana intern for Arkaik on Warped!
how can I do this?!?!
hells yeah gunna be sum streaking
you're hotter than the suna, I wanna pull em clothes off your body like a banana
These workouts are kicking my ass but i feel AMAZING
Defending Marriage is one thing but denial of rights to people that love each other is wrong.
People are so lucky , that I have high patience .
just realized tomorrow is april fools day.
o0
so sad that the young see violence as a way of life  glorified by The Media
Not sure how much longer I can go w/out a laptop cord!
: times 10 :
Been reading a doom  gloom article on ad spending.
What's up with that?
We are booming and so are our clients.
Smart marketing  Success
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band.
If one let it go, it hurts so much on who held on.
Road trip, yeah baby.
I want pussy RT : I want Domino's.
Best moment of the debate was when Ron Paul challenged the others to a 25mile bike ride in Texas.
It's time to bringbacksoftball to the Olympics!!
I packed all my cold weather clothes away but now I have to get them back out
I love you daughter and boo.
Many are skinning and grinning when you call them a niga/er but many of those same ones are ready to fight if you call them African.
Why?
fml, really :?
Well lemme think of another one.
Allergies are actin up
Credit to for bringing Nordecke Beastie Boys Goals chant back in 2010.
Classic
Our specialty foods section is growing everyday!
Come check out our truffle oils and salt that arrived today!
How much knowledge held in head in 1986?
75.
number in 2008?
810.
too many other places we can access info quickly.
have you been to The Southern yet?
Their fried chicken is the sheit.
checking out www.twitter.com
How quickly can you down your Tampico20oz?
Uno!
Dos!
Tres!
GO!
i'd love to see the data that tv manufacturers are looking at to build out 3D TVs, just Avatar and Up?
IMO an excuse to charge 2k again
: money is my hobby.
in my spare time I count cash....my sleep signs are.
lmao finally famous in stores now coach
Im the punisher.
No your the douchebag.
John Howard
Brad Paisley!
We're both from West Virginia!!
Tolerance?
You're so demanding.
Ask him to look me up at, also mentor.
artsummit Lockie, storytelling right at the center of life.
my eyebrows are still red from when i got them done 5 hours ago...
is that bad uhh
There are two postmovie scenes in the credits.
Stay for both!
Making the biggest decision of my life
Naw if they lose the series then its gonna be a real bad!
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
MY MINDS TELLIN ME NO, BUT MY BODAY, MY BODAYS TELLIN ME YES
Glad you like RC Trackpad.
If you have any issues please contact us at
What is Casper's favorite sticky treat?
I'm watching!
biology tutoring in 20 minutes...sighs
: lol what?
is jordan in trouble?!
uhmm well we aren't together any more, but that's not about him lol
God blessed us with Fall weather today!
Thank you!
Get 'em Rick
I don't!
The crack one.
:
going to indy this weekend for a wedding, first  only wedding of the year!
what a change from last year.
There's plenty more fish in the ceiling
Posted by a friend:  is the spittin' image of the creepy Chucky doll from the Chucky horror movies.
this is excellent, but...
the video is deeply disturbing ...
I hate being hot when I sleep.
thank you!
It took me 1 minute to get over you being home.
No swim last night due to wet basement, hail, flooded neighborhood.
Need a redo!
LOL okay but take comfort knowing USC peeps no longer have to wait for their Metro station.
please follow me and shout out!!!
i like your movies very much
I got to Oklahoma after the heavy storms.
Stevi can i get a RT for having the same b day as you
Did you see it?
Tampa news: Ben Hill is named CBS Radio SVP/Market Manager, while Jayde Donovan takes mornings at Cox Top 40 WPOI.
what are those brown ball thingys??
eggs?
Mouthin off again.
i knew it.
Looks like we had the exact same college experience at UNT.
Ever live in the music dorm to end all music dorms, Bruce Hall?
how are you Miss Sassafrass?
Really CVS?
Do you have enough fiber one bars?
I want a snack not flatulence at the library
Wow.
That is very very cool, sir!
Phone lines are open.
Call in now and be the first on the air tonight!
3177360950
hello from SoCal.
Thanks for following.
just a test tweet
Damn cant believe u lost today.
I was expecting u to go 1620!
I guess u cant win them all.
Tough loss today  great start this season
Take your chances path your way and believe in your actions opens the door to a new life
yay!!!
I can't sleep well tonight!
vlogging is a totally different medium for expression.
The written word can have interpretation by the reader video doesn't
something tells me there is a pile of basted up mic ultra bottles in yair gairage
Been listening to .'s starred songs on Spotify today.
And passing hardcore judgement.
I don't even really care bout  but I kno I don't like the
okay!
I will right now.
that is an interesting combo!
I know you are influential about Austin and social media, was there a catagory for cartoons?
Any particular reason you split them up instead of doing all 3 at once?
such a quality presentation for business owners in our region.
West liberty entrepreneur center small and family business progrm
Oops sorry I forgot that rule.
Hiebers has a special PACIFIER to help you give MEDICATION to your INFANT.
They will never even taste it!
Call 4126816400
The brain takes the shape of whatever the mind rests upon.
Rick Hanson on the importance of observing our thoughts.
Christmas movies :D
when a sex seen come on when your watching tv with your mom 
Glad to hear you had a wonderful night!
How are you keeping yourself occupied on this rainy day?
I Wish My Dad Would Get Surgery On His Heart So He'll Get Better /:
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect.
It mean you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
is starting over...
try to keep me away : see you later!!
RT : will you be at welcome reception tonight?
Hans Zimmer's 'Inception' film score is a film score within a film score.
Idk just some normal human stuff like, tv, chores, ect.
tweetdeck pretty much replaced the twitter website for me.:
I'm def not as hottie as Neko!
But i've got a great personality Kort!
sitting in the menards parking lot doing homework as they continuously play the same gay jingle.
no menards I wont 'save big money'..
Heading home, this craziness has gotten the best of me.
I think I'm gonna sleep for 36 hours...
See y'all later!
Picked up my Husky Card today, a bit of a deja vu feeling.
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Herbert Hoover
screw Piers.
What is wrong with that guy?
glad he's being replaced!
its the same as sayin whats up boo..
umm tryin to finish my plate..
ya'll went in!!!
I don't have any weed, but I have alcohol
you got it, you tricky dog!
did you cry?
I would have cried!
great adventure today with :
Hungry in the San Fernando valley.
No food trucks in sight, but there are free HIV testing vans everywhere.
OMG, how many nondesigners does it take to kern a D?
Kind of ruins the home run if you ask me.
have you been to Arlington VA?????
/// Shaq is rapping Kobe, tell me how my ass taste?
again in his mind right now.......
spoilt by the boyf again..I'm lucky :
Has that damn satellite fell yet?
Can't wait till I order my Nike ID 49ERS later this month....
Oh how badly I want to go out tonight.
The last two weekends were amazing!!
I wanna dance and shake my booty again!
Lol 
if deng goes he won't be ready for the bulls season.
He needs surgery now.
Forget going to the Olympics
Well thanks anyways haha
Jim Hilt: Being successful isn't about knowing it all.
It's about getting started.
Word of the day: Gumption
What shall I do about the little spider busily making a web in my office window?
Could keep down the flying insects...
Anonymity is the truest expression of altruism.
Listening to Spotify station and a childoctorn's story of Jack and the Beanstalk came on.
What the heck?!
Congrats You get a big Way2Go for today's accomplishment!!
On this day in 1775, Prince Hall became a Freemason.
Happy Founders Day to all Prince Hall Affiliated Masons and Eastern Stars.
oh dang!!!!
Someone sent me that said that someone was saying bad things about me.
I hope my computer doesn't get hacked.
Some people to needs to mine there fucking business if they don't know what the fuck is going on
this is a pie chart describing my favorite bars.
this is a bar graph describing my favorite pies  marshall eriksen best quote ever
LOVE it!!!
Back to hudson..
Hmm what shall I do today???!
Lmao making trades like y'all the NBA lol
is definitely one of my favorite shows.
aint no such things as halfway crooks
An AntMan movie might be coming in a couple of years, my nigga that's dope.
He has a cool story.
no im a mahomie xD its a fan of the guy in my icon haha but im NOT him just a fan of him :
anybody else think korver has a little teen wolf going on??
Will Middlebrooks !
RedSox Is this kid for real?
It's getting to the point that I might wear a paper bag over my head when I'm watching the Sox in my own living room.
I know they would make so much money off of me lol
you are from Dallas?
I absently asked google what should I get delivered to Dave's office?
and it wasn't able to give me a response.
Stumped ya google
aw thank you so much : can you follow me on instagram and twitter possibly ?
OK, I'm calling it  2012 is the year of the banjo
RT Small Ideas can grow into major ideas.
Lets make ThinkStyleWorld.com a trending topic on
As stated by the instructor, there are really 159 days to Christmas.
eww, i know he gleeked all over me!
Had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in a while...alot of fun!
haha I do yours
eek, I forgot to respond to this tweet!
yes, it's pretty exciting where you are right now!
I look forward to following along
Twitter keeps saying I already tweeted something that I didn't tweet at all.
I find tattoo artist to be hella sexy!!
this really gives me something to look forward to.
So awesome.
Hyvee lies!!
Theres not a helpful smile in every isle.
I checked!!!
She aint more cut then me though
lol sass tonight?!?!?!
And I still have to do some kind of stuff
Woot!
MT : Vegas baby!
Giveaway fun at CES.
Stay tuned to win, well announce our 1st secretpassword tomorrow.
nice job dude.
20 lbs.
is no small feat.
This tweet can stand alone without referencing the first one!
I also like the Philadelphia Story because the end MIGHT be the best record of how Katherine played Rosalind on Broadway.
I saw Roy today he looks so good ;
Yay for difficult roommates!
Thanks for the rec to !
17 Minutes into class.
I want to leave.
shit, i knew i was doin it wrong.
we'll put him up for 80 and some boxed wine!
Yes, you are helping me brainstorm for a new project.
How'd you guess?
get up
and the guy who said it would all be on the books is really the one doing everything off budget.
The most played song on my ipod; calloutthedead 306 times
uhh, right?
I think that gives me the excuse to go get a bottle of wine on my way home from work!
See you guys on Friday!!
Sara  I just picked up a 22 oz.
Stingy Jack Pumpkin at Market District Settler's Ridge.
They had others by Lavery, too.
ShituSeeOnTheGbus girls changing there babies shitty pampers
A Sveum groundout leads to 2 runs in the 6th.
Brock scores and Deer then scores on an error by the pitcher.
75 Brewers!
Because you are synching your lips with the audio being played through the speakers?
Rockin the mic in Boston 3p to 7p paying your bills and sending you and 9 friends to see Daughtry
if you were a grape you could grape people in the mouths
well I mean I got everything ready for tomorrow night except freaking earings lmao
About to hit the stage at Kung Fu Necktie!
I don't know nothin' 'bout birthing shadow babies.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
You inspired me, I listened to the same!
Also, I just learned 2 weeks ago that it's Streisand, not Streisland.
Go fobbiness!
:P
Happy earth day!
: let us not forget to give back to mother earth.
adele let fire 2 d rain
PeopleNeedToStop wearing sandals, when their feet ashy your sandals turn white
Spent my lunch hour in a still active Border's.
Probably one of the most frustrating and sad things I've done in a long while.
correction WEAR pants not Shorts if you don't want ladies on you!
Take a break from watching the EPL.
You deserve it.
First bar on cover your bases bar crawl first playing of Call Me, Maybe.
Yo bitch unattractive
that place good?
I work right across from it
Q.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
A.
He didn't have the guts too
I will say this if I ever had the Korean Zombie on my team during a ZA, our chances of survival are pretty good
I saw a rough of what Lorenzo did to the footage...
Looks dope!
Hermeto Pascual at Napa Valley Opera House and AdoctorAN AREAS LATIN JAZZ ENSEMBLE  CASA SANCHEZ SF  SJJAZZ Friday series TONIGHT
Awesome experience here at doctorscollsMoments amazing tastings...having a blast!
fuck.
all stars at the palladuim?
i can see the riots already like sbsowhat last year
As pointed out by , Jerry Reese doesn't just ignore Giants' needs.
RB was greater need than WR, even with Hill there.
I'm about to turn off the TV turn up my tunes and clean my room I have clothes everywhere!!!
ta ai?
With the first pick of the 2013 NFL doctorft, the Miami Dolphins select ........
I guess the end for me was near 2001 or 2002, when I discovered Wilco just as a spate of antiwoman hits swept altrock.
Who's enjoying all that heat and humidity?
Hydoctorte, please.
It was great to hear your perspective at the Times Talk!
Thanks for all your hard work.
Your pieces are some of my favorites!
yea, i puked at the Benedum...
thats a classy establishment.
Cool.
Wanna meet up somewhere before we head out?
Which ghost town did we decide on?
: Who are you to tell me to stop smoking?
The land of.
Get ready.
RT : BEER
You're def bringing BACK great times and memories!!!!
;
And boy, are you tall!
get better we love You:
Thanks for my copy of w/ great  grabby headlines!
Taking heart that there is always room for print
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste.
I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
Stop texting in church!
Lol
it feels like Friday
A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.
Proverbs 14:30
Learn more about Karen and why she feels that sleeping is a waste of time below
You'd better embrace change or you're going to be left behind, and that applies to almost everything.
Haha!
I'm surprised you like it so much, but glad.
This experience taught me that I'm not likely to write romance.
:
Key Committee will be playing the TN State Fair on Sept.
15th!
Come on out and get yerself a corndog!!
The underatted strategy to make your affiliate marketing effort go boom /?p503
Class of 2012 it's not to late to take your Senior Portraits.
Contact us at to book your session today!!!
DM what i said i forgot lol
FannieMae CEO resigns
Hello everyone!
Really missing my baby girl.
It's famous ppl day  Oaks Gourmet.
I just accidentally cut in front of Colin Hanks in the bathroom line.
I Always Fall For It When Says They Looking For You
Thanks for the mention!
Yes, is a really goodlooking django site.
It's cool how it's several blogs  looks like 1.
Library fact of the day: there are more public libraries than McDonald's in the U.S.
over 16,540 branches!
Kendoctor, I like your logic!
Done!
So...how was the hockey...?
.
Thank you for cosponsoring HR 1172, the Medicare LungCancer Early Detection Promotion Act.
Finding it early is key!
That's good, you'll get your energy up when it's quittin time : RT : doing good, kind of tired this morning but TGIF
Laying on fingernail polish is not good...
Dont really look back at my ex's.
Some things just look better in the trash.
Sounds like a plan.
at 12:30!
hahahaha omgg im obsessed i want to marry chuck bass asap
If i die, I still wanna be me.
That was awesome of Cal to call in.
Celebration today should be wild.
Thanks
I don't believe it!
what's happened about the 4C?
or is this a temporary aberration?
Well, that print job was a massive disaster.
Covered in ink and failure.
But we're learning something new.
And so it goes.
Good morning, Missouri!
let's make a toast to , its on us!
you got it!
ryno natural born leader.
knows what it means 2 be a cub.
deserves chance.
cubs r doctorpping the ball BARTMAN STYLE!
See y'all in the A.M ya hurd
Haha!
I like your idea of a beach read.
thanks!
And I agree, , , is a near perfect line of succession
Game Day for SportingKC and we will be there to cheer them to victory.
rofl...I can to.
gibbons and the sluts ARE about to take the stage at for the screenprint social
If all you are going to do is complain you can leave my office right now
Due to excessive heat, lunch today at Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 will be from 11am  1pm!!
See you there!!
I'm so ready to grind like crazy this summer, i want to reach my full potential n make my fam proud of me n giv them the things they deserve
Reduce Inventory, Triple Your professorts!
With the AnaJet digital garment printer Learn how
If you don't know me you think I'm quite if you really know me you think I'm loud
aw dats cooll mine is purple lol and i love playing basket ball u?
yea thats a long time for the E channel lol!
Good, wise reasoning.
I WONT TELL A SOUL
Could Washington get any more corrupt and screwed up?
Repubs?
Dems?
It doesn't seem to matter  crony capitalism.
Bah!
Is there a plugin that would block VB bags from reality?
: Is there a plugin that would block Vera Bradley bags from shopping sites?
everything is everything!
Getting spring/summer tee line up ready!
Nerdily excited about using HTML5 and CSS3 and my job.
okay!
will also help us ; x talk to you tonight
Go VOTE!
Came up again today: JMS May grads, don't go into a job interview without knowing your the salary you need to make ends meet.
ThingsBlackFolksGetArrestedFor not giving uncle sam his cut ....
S/o Wesley snipes
Damn where my boyfriend at why he don't call nobody to let us know he got in safe ..
Damn Moscow?
Have a safe long ass flight homie.
GOD bless
What a great website, Now if I could only convince the mister that I really need a set of Mono Block Amps for my vinyl cave.
are you looking for massage therapist at Kent location?
follow me!
and tweet to me!
please : 143
Haha!
Most certainly!
Brian Schneider is my new favorite Phillie.
He sent Kevin a bunch of stuff and a personal note.
Class act.
Watch Ancient Aliens it's the best show.
the new album is fucking BRUTAL!!!!!
haha you got it
Love was just a word before u gave it meaning.
Thoughts: 3 Tried the steak sandwich thanks to , and I wasn't disappointed.
A great buy.
Maybe next will be the parfait..
well that's okay, Aubrie, I appreciate your follow anyhow...best of success to you  your writing!
niece's tball game 3
I hate it when your sick.......
: Hate i just hate it when im sick
I've gotta do that today too.
Need a selfcleaning one.
if you have to choose between me and her, pick her.
because if you really loved me?
there wouldn't be a choice.
lol I hate it tho, there so up tight about everything.
Wishes he was that lucky.
Oomnffgg i can't explaiinn how excited i am for tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lmfao, i already feel the tears coming
And Just like that, I'm sad again.
That dont take care of their hygiene
confession I love a boy who can make me laugh.
Bad couple of weeks with Levon and MCA passing.
Truly some gifted souls
one of my clients out here in san diego.
U want his contact info fam??
whatever I can do to help!!!
pakmanis4thepeople
: my hometown.
come visit me soon!
Great seeing you play for the past 16 seasons.
Someone who played the game the correct way!
don't you hate it when people interrupt you midsentence?
and when you do get to finish, they get the point WRONG!
please get on more often, if you have time!
We love you so much that you have no clue: please follow me...
We LOVE JASON
Just found out I'm having 'date night' with my daughter tonight!
How cool!
I want you to have a good life...fortune has smiled on you...you are living in a social system that is failing...
Can I go with you?
Pretty please:
doctorse missed 2 FTs and 2 lastsecond shots, all of which could've won the game.
If it was , the media would be KILLING him.
Oh my god, that is ridiculous looking!
On the other hand, probably lighter than my current setup.
I know I'm a bitch, you don't gotta tell me..
Salty.
RT Congrats to City for consistency over the course of the EPL.
But get back to me when you're closer to 19.
Tentative opening for Boca is June 12th!!!!
Hopefully all goes well  we'll see you all then!
Haha not sure how that relates but okay!
Hun, that ain't no ingrown hurr, that herpes.
Go get you some Valtrex okurrr!
M!
McDonald's breakfast!
Places with enough plugs.
Still too much to ask for in 2012?
quitmyjob I can dip dip dippity dip dip all I want!
REALLY?!
Count Fagula has not one but TWO fans blowing on him!!!
Jon Ippolito: making copies essential  few copies of material in Library of Alexandoctora when it burned down, much was lost
Found a last minute summer subleaser a couple days ago through my roommate, and then today the girl had to back out.
Where is YOUR response to Paul Bigot on troubling enough charges filed against Zimmerman...come on why silence?
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it comes to fleassee you Vet for more info.
idk but i luv what u do
YouKnowItsRealWhen you get mad at little things they do Wrong
im pretty good at this stuff huh?
;
The WorkplacePayoff.
Locally harvested Cah for you.
Just listen for your cue to call every hour 9a5p today.
Grading AP US history homework
Seems like so many people are checking out Klout right now...
That's why I usually leave before I'm left.
LEIGHTON SEEMS LIKE THE CUTEST GUY EVER OMG
Dear , if you don't come out tomorrow...
You will be as lame as kurtis and trey were missing Saturday....
that's happened to me a couple times.
I'm look no don't wish motherhood on me.
watching the and interview on my phone with headhones on cracking up w/my sis looking at me like im insane
tamw you are obsessed with certain smells
SO KILLER did the challenge a few years ago
most of my doctorwings are messes, so I have an insight to when my friends have occasional ones.
New study..
Teenage distracted doctorvers: Teens doctorvers at a 44 higher risk of auto accidents when another teen is in the car with them
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders.
Amen, sir!
Hm don't recall this
talking Heat v Knicks.
Teaching a lesson to all these grievers.
Sprinkled in with some Marlins talk.
Fish with 6 game streak.
: Akiyama looks like the orange I had with breakfast.
Awkward..
UFC144 spray tan!!!!
Ever tried.
Ever failed.
No matter.
Try Again.
Fail again.
Fail better.
crushing on Digication.com
truth preach : .
's boyfriend  NSYNC's Girlfriend.
It had to be said.
Know your pop history.
The Swing Salsa Tango Party Is Back!
1st Friday of Every Month  9pm1am  The Hemingway Gallery  103 West 19th Kansas City Missouri
riding bike halfway to the airport for a house party was not a wise choice
Meeting Jonathan Prince tonight!
Jesus Manuel y su Orchestra tonight at Downtown 28 in Ft.
Lauderdale.
I think I've hit my saturation point
let's go FLYNN
awkward..but thanks i think!
oh and i saw your convo with El and thank you for callin me amazing hehe 33
20 miles from Cleveland...can u leave 2 tix at will call for my hot wife and I for the induction ceremony?
I would say so!
Texans at noon!
No more needs to be said.
going through the various stages of grieving re: performance, conditions, etc.
Think I've settled on PISSED OFF.
Rough day.
Ugh.
What should I cook tonight????
Hi I saw on that we're both checkedin  SMW  AOL Ventures so I thought I'd say hello!
no invite?
maybe next year
thanks for listening :
Birthplace of the blues
oh!
Lol, How much were they?
PrayForClaire Please, she's really sick..
:/
Fuck These Posts !
Until She Stop Doing Shit That Make Me Mad Then We Aint Talking AT ALL !
I think I once mixed Fruity Pebbles  beer in college once.
As in, no milk, use beer.
BAHAHA.
:p
aye bruh did u ever get that beat that I sent to yur email?
Maybe I'm taking the First Amendment a little too seriously...
always turn up my mind every day with a song or just see a smile in a picture!!!!
Liverpool wins.
Terps win.
Can the Caps and Wiz make it a clean sweep?
Do you know which day?
good so stop spreading your propaganda and lies.
Tell the truth.
Be balanced and honest.
Then I won't have to repeat the message!
RT : Learn to send updates via text from your phone to yr social accts in case voice communications are N/A instructions?
link?
This ya boy...I BEEN GONE BUT ITS FOR THE GOOD....!!!!
she's not the boss of me, I run me.
I wanted to go to PCB
I don't have a criminal record for you to expunge, but law has always fascinated me.
Thanks for the follow.
Anybody watch the SDUSD Board meeting 5/27?
Are they confused and messed up?
I say  yup!
NEED A PLAN!
Rangers to host Game 6 viewing party at the Ziegfeld Theater.
Adam Graves, Jay Wells and Glenn Anderson to be in attendance.
If you can't bite, don't show your teeth.
Yiddish Proverb
I'd guess our ETA to 15th and High to be at about 8:50am 8 min pace, mile 6 is exactly at Lane/High
Biked to Bridge Club tonight for day 25 of 30daysofbiking.
One less trip by car.
Took a long bike ride with Javi, oh, poor Javi.
I almost had to take the truck back to pick him up, tee hee:
thx for the mention
Joey Crawford is reffing this game.
That explains a lot.
HOW DOES HE STILL HAVE A JOB?!
ATT launched an enhanced app iPad app for Uverse with extra content, remote control functionality, advanced search, recommendations and
My ex won't even pick up to talk about the pick with me.
Come on Cindy.
that's no surprise.
who ever reads that type of thing more than once?
Just because you haven't reached ur ultimate goal in life don't get discourage bcuz when u activate your faith all is possible
I don't totally mind, since I love him anyway, but his career has taken some odd turns since Schindler's List.
We're doing a story on Groupon for tmister's newscast on ABC5, and would like to intv you, you can email me
Relief washed over her like a jug of Gaterade over a winning coach.
FF is proud to serve your 160K members  the faces and voices that entertain and inform America and the world.
This season opener of the game is a little phony.
: Good morning world!
Wishing everyone the best on their today's endeavors
What increases circulation 225 for the month of September?
School librarian supported reader's worshop!
...Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
out on a thursday....thats sad.
My partner designs most of our line.
Stephanie Dyer designed the Topo Collection.
She is a Portland designer.
Good morning!
Thanks Steve!
xox
Will the Giants be Greenbay's first game next season as the 2012 season opener?
Thanks for the promotion
Listening to Pepe Romero play Concierto de Aranjuez over the loudspeaker backstage here Audience just went nuts.
There is some stuff out here I just shouldn't Google...
Brittany!
Your card was way too touching..LOVE YOU!
Waxing or Threading?
oh gotcha.
Well I work 5.
An I just woke up hahha fail.
But I will be over Friday!
I'm still in my pjs.
First cup of coffee.
AH!
Camistern and Ross on Nicki album.
Both had nice verses.
Anyone Wanna Call ?
: I'm Bored A'f..
Getting ready to enjoy a few cold beers...
Just give the game up lol
In January...
: Hate travel days customs is the worst!!!
I feel like I'm in Line for the top roller coaster...
haha
no we've been doing them for years, maybe y'all took them from us.
I used the y'all in there for you Texas folk.
:
The BFDailyWord is  multitudinous  existing in or consisting of innumerable elements or aspects
Thanks for the FF Can't wait to see Art Along the Hyphen!
lol.
I take it you like rum.
Gonna go clean my room now k bye
Hey Alyssa  Want to invite you to Daughtry performance at MLB Fan Cave.
Let me know if you're interested.
Party with DJ Miguel tonight and enjoy doctornk specials
haha.
Giving him shit now about it.
I can't even imagine what project can be planned on chatroulette.
More like performance art.
That parkour thing has really got you.
for SuperBowl commercial photography
This paperwriting intermission is brought to you by water  soap.
We will return to the next chapter after the break.

Is the same that great editors like Aldus Knopf Gallimard Einaudi Barral did.
That literature be a business.
Can you teach me about tommorrow And all the pain and sorrow Running free?
Hootie  The Blowfish, Time
Wow, just witnessed my first perfect game by Ryan Humber sitting at the airport w , what an ending!
That was close!
The weather is absolutely perfect!
What are your plans for this lovely Thursday evening?
See the guy in the Atrium  he has a big stack of papers with the secret codes
Challenge accepted!
Happy Hour at the Blue Bonnet it is!
What date are you on?
I'll give you their name
RT : mister.
Carter praises board member/Georgia Health News founder Andy Miller 4 stories changing mental health in GA
Organizations have personalities as people do.
amigosplots
im so happy Kentucky won playing Louisville 3
Life size cardboard cutouts of celebrities: Awesome or creepy?
Happy FF to and !
ok it is : I will dm u the password  email :
Hey twitter hows is everyone doing on this LOVELY day?
Happiest guys after 2012 NFLdoctorft: players occupying roster spots 4853 for Saints  Raiders.
No one doctorfted by them is taking your job.
I hadn't...yet.
Any fit differences between the 11s and 12s?
how bout that Tebow?
Made history today!!!
Im never on this account i forgot about it!
:/ and hes texted me twice now!
Im dying.
D:
I miss summer.
Working full time kind of ruins it.
But it is pretty awesome to take a vacation whenever!
Best deals in October
I'm really sensitive.
My feelings get hurt easy, but I don't show that shit.
Reading a letter from Donizetti to his publishers complaining about the piracy of his sheet music.
Plus a change, 
Just finishing up a productive day at the office!
yes sir, podcast will be ready 4u.
Hope all's well!
Ha!
I got you on the latter..
Let me know when you're around Marlins Park..
If you need tix, I can point you in rt direction: DM.
I'm sleeping.
In class
you're welcome......remember peeing yourself just isn't as fun when you sober
thanks for the followfriday mention!
hahaha yeah that's how i feel knowing taylor swift sells more songs than me.
Today at lunch I had mini toasties and mini chocolate .
Swagger Like Us.
I did my video with and Die Go since we're all going to EECH.
yay!!!
we have got to work together!
:
Morning!
Hope you have a great day
Watermelon Festival today!
See you in CaryTown, Richmond!
Matsi just learned how to howl watching A Man Among Wolves on NatGeoWild :
I agree.
Moreover, they seem to be the only one of the three that hasnt BSed about their products
Not the worst piece of shit I've ever seen.
Hooray!
Great news!
I love the show.
good job bosses
but when are we releasing Shame.
That film SO deserves wider audience
What are you planning to do for Saint Patrick's Day?
lol really?
its only 9:36 here!
i hate those strict rules where you cant eat after 12 :p i dont have that.
you've got to get over here to Baltimore sometime
NextHipHopHologram  Public Enemy and Anthrax
Congrats to wcapitals for knocking out the bruins.
Best of luck in the
Just ordered my Hanwei Radaelli Italian Dueling Sabre for my historical fencing classes with  So excited!!
:

merry christmas to you and Ryan!
Love you guys.
I successfully made pasta with shrimp garlic and vegetables and I only burned the bottom of the pan a little!
Go me!
Welcome back!
Your tweet made me smile: I played the piano for a performance of Sweet Home Chicago this week.
::
Hey, thanks for following Beef's Cream.
Hope u had a trip and Thanksgiving!
I accidentally unfollowed u, now followed back.
:
: Can someone espn please tell me what Bryant Gumbel is writing I need this information.
he is writing I am grumpy
Favorite band The Hypstrz will be on at 11 AM  I have a sales meeting.
shakes fist at sky Hope it's archived.
Need CC Rider.
I've added to the edtech list thanks!
Time to party!!
NSU on our way!!!
That white girl with the tanning problem proves that white people came from black
I wish he would man up and quit letting the chumps in the front office give us garbage talent!
My damn back hurting
best throw in super bowl history.
Period.
That feeling when you see a guy and just want to grab them and start making out with them like in the movies...
she looked like she just hoped righh outta bed  shtt
oh my freaking gosh.
already?
but Michigan St lost 2 times this week.
And I can't believe duke didn't move up a spot for getting housed by Carolina.
u didnt even wish me a happy bday
my room smells good
A lot of unspoken rules in our culture really don't make sense.
Why follow them if you don't understand them?
Deportation can occur as a result of an immigrant being convicted of a criminal act; in lieu of incarceration
52 jurisdictions enforce antitrust laws in the U.S.
That is each state plus FTC and DOJ.
That makes for a lot of unpredictability
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
RT if your gonna go to the born this way ball
lol.
yes, it's hard being one of two SF, PR, Digital junkies that follow CTIA and are rabid 49ers fans.
NO ONE KNOWS OUR PAIN
I still struggle to make grade school lessons an afterthought, especially the beginning, middle and end part!
RT , , Thanks for the suggestions on places to go in Milwaukee, we had an awesome time!
via
I have no idea how to react to that.
I think I'll just take a walk around the building.
Thank you so much Med!
The same to you!
:D
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a doctoram
When people tell me about the ones I try to forget about
HOLY FLURKING SCHNIT!!!!
Why is He not singing the Anthem EVERY HOME GAME????
Whoo pig sooie!
Go HOGS!
They are calling the Hogs at the Cotton Bowl.
Fake people These days.
Me too late November.
haha
Next week, you may hear a new voice on the phone.
Jeremy, our new Customer Sales Support Specialist, starts on Monday.
Not unimpressed w/ first stay  hyattplace, value chic.
Good for quick biz trip!
dang i got alot of respect for that guy now
haha like Diego more but I wish this were true.
Classrooms around the world can meet with each other inexpensively using Visimeet, just download and go.
You never know where you'll end up!
U BASTARD IMMA KICK UR ASS STAB U AND I WON'T BE DONE TOYING BITCH ASS NIGGA FAT ASS MAN BOON MANGINA BIITTCHHH!!
OK
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
This reminds me of litho, toxic chemicals  being forced to breath in the vapors.
8 hrs to go.
OSHA
U have very sexy legs  feet lovely mami
Jumping in late, but I like Tangled and love Princess  the Frogmodern classic up there w/ Little Mermaid!
Seeking God for that woman's heart is a honor, when you truly understand how valuable a woman is that Love God.
She's worth the journey.
The bio made me 
When one opportunity does not work out for you, prepare yourself for the next because when you are prepared eventually it will work...
So over being alone :
I love waking up in the morning knowing my Spurs won  are looking to add more pieces in the future, that sets the tone in the NBA IMO.
Do you feel weird when underage girls flash you?
area of violence, poverty?
Not a lot of other job opportunities for other family members?
Martin thinks that everyone in the city of Portland is ugly.
He's also never gone out of downtown.
Hi Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
RT Reminder to the uppers: we're on at our new time of 8am  Only 5am Pacific!
Jerome Smalls from accepts corporate partner of the yr 4 donations to doctoramcatchers.
Inspirational!
this guy
Love you3 :
hey liv!!!!
yeah, finally on twitter!
all is good!
how are you?!
im gonna be in DC for homecoming!
are you gonna be around?!?!!
add me on the 3ds we can play multiplayer!
Full doctornk tired: the sequel to eat pray love
Baby sitting today
Ha!
That does hit pretty close to home.
: that is an incredible idea!
I would totes do it too.
Who doesnt need a genderbread card?
any thoughts on collaboration opps?
LEATHERMAN SPOT CONTEST :: Where can you find the TSA's rules for what is approved and not approved for carryon tools/stuff?
Will post a pic of the ONESIE giveaway soon!
I haven't taken it yet.
I'm taking it in prep tomorrow.
Speaking of which where is my weenie dog buildabear?
I can't sleep without him :
thank you!
quite a few cameras cranking here wow
I want to like the Truvia songs, but man I really want to rip my ears off when they come on.
The ladies r ready to get W.I.L.D.
here !!
Lovely weather.
I love u too!!
Saw an advance screening of Jane Eyre last night.
I don't think anyone involved had ever read Wide Sargasso Sea.
Bah.
I think at should win MVP award.
With the win over Taylor, Point Park will play Friday at 4 p.m.
ET vs.
the winner of 1 Concordia vs.
5 Doane.
Finished one project and on to another.
It's a busy day.
:D
OKC weak in the post.
So the Ravens are signing players left and right.
Tommy Streeter is the last doctorft choice left
Just made the largest purchase of my life.
Fitting 100th tweet.
I do not.
I don't believe the motorcycle maintenance title is just a play on words, though.
this one is gonna be a big one 
RT : The Orioles' 10 road wins are tied with Texas for the most in the major leagues.
We thank everyone at Emblem Health for their continued support of Books For Kids We appreciate all that you do!
What about old movies disney films
when the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie you're on acid
DONT ASSUME WHAT U KNOW ABOUT PEOPLE THEY USUALLY TELL ON THEMSELVES IF U REALLY LISTEN.
LIFE IS PEACEFUL CUZ I LIVE SUCKA FREE
only thing is for football you have to stay for 3 pm game Sunday
Finally made it in the game...FOR FREE!
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty and thy wonderous works
Get your With Everything Album today for 10!
Email me at
Thanks Donna, I just joined yesterday and am still figuring out how to use it!
Appreciate your adding me I'll do same!
Tonight on Charlie Rose:  Martin Amis discuss Christopher Hitchens.
gotta keep yo daughters off the pole  yo sons outta boystown
My biggest pet peeve is when people throw things at me.
I'll look into it...
follow me back :
I'm not very but I try haha..
Thanks, Jess!
See you soon!
When your mom tries to dance infront of everyone 
The whiskeys are different.
I think Bushmills is one, Jameson the other.
Not sure which way it goes.
Its gcp easy to see we all about that swhag, swhag!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe was the reason why the beat the but inconsistency helped to win
Thank You!
: let's fucking go and win that shit!!!!
RidgeBaseball get em boys
the bigger the boys, the bigger their toys.
thx for the RTs, Adam.
hope all is well.
I WAS JUST TYPING FAST OK
It feels great delivering videos to clients!
Smile...Today is a new day!!!!
Thank you, Stephen!
Happy weekend!
New book suggestion: The 1000 Year Old Diet: Get a Flat Belly and doctorss Like a Peasant
Messy Miserable Hoes!!!
THERE YOU ARE
Getting colder!
Currently it's 77F and Cloudy
It's finally cooling down in texas Can't wait to come home
OK, did you see that Sealy commercial?
Hi.
Larious.
:
I hate it when my truck's running left.
I didn't know you were expecting.
Congratulations!
Headed home to officially start the weekend :  Have a great weekend everyone!
Yes, please!
Yum!
RT : Free Pizza Friday?
Booyah RT this for a chance to win a few slices!
LOL.
Took me five minutes to figure out you meant artdoctorwer and not storestuffdoctorwer.
:
Headed to MIT and Harvard so I can feel smart :
It's alive, it's risen, it's...
the Happy Little Guillotines twitter account.
Follow for updates, tips, funnies and more!
RT?!
Looks like Beautiful People isn't moving on with NBC.
JJ Abrams pilot is also supernatural but different.
Networks stuck in the mold!
u suppose to be thinking about what we about to eat not tweeting!
Grrrrr....
Veteran assembly almost made me cry 3x...
:/
My Everything Turned To Nothing ...
aha the wachovia.
They let you play for media day?
Haven't played that course in looked 16 years
scary but lower accident rate than flying!
thanks.
No Fish Market this time.
My day has been 100 shitty.
Need some best friend time:
Acrobuffos is total water, clowning madness.
This is great
in hollywood at the vanguard to see my girl jimmi james perform support independent music:
According to PubMed, I haven't been a young adult in 2 years.
I won't have a subcategory again until middle age!
I slept the loveliest sleep ever .
doctorving in the sun, shadow weighs a ton, looking out for number one!
What an awesome an gorgeous day!!
Off to a home visit after a much needed productive day at the office and then home to see my man!!
:
I had Southern Miss beating Cuse.
...after 1 hour, that piece of my bracket is already a wasteland
Well not going to church taking me nana to the hospital.
YouKnowYouGoToClark when you see pigeons flying inside your cafeteria.
Thank you dear!
RT : love your avi!
Hot graphics!
Now that the chips are down I can't do it.
When I see Barnes or Bynum and their stupid unpunched faces I can't do it.
Me too!!
rt : Just in: Karen Santorum will make campaign stops in Wauwatosa and Cedarburg on Saturday
cont ya..unless they offer a black card:
Mystical Night 3
The tax code should reward hard work and risk taking.
I support comprehensive tax reform that would give us a flat income tax.
people get defensive because their might be some truth in what is being said.
haha yes!
Hey guys stop playing so hard to get!
Let's play the Let's follow Liz and Angelica game :
Halloween party tonight at 9:30pm.
Cash prize for top 3 costumes and DJ Joanie B.
will be playing all your favorites
all of em.
All my Vanilla Ladies hope you have a great Mothers day!
libmade How much does it cost to maintain these machines like 3D printers and laser cutters?
Who fixes them?
The manufacturer?
plug'n 'n chug'n along
WordsINeverWantToHear I'm sorry, I think you deserve for someone who is better than me
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
sorry Ellie!
Not talking about you!
People keep saying my hair looks like duncan Keith's
Shady people.
So far I have met the craziest ppl in NY
Good morning world.
While we've got a small break from the heatwave, let's get things done today.
good morning MSFT Windows.
thanks for locking up on me again when i have critical work
Snooki please tweet me back im a big fan of you
Yea I slept a lot last night...
And it felt great now I wanna get back in bed...
yeah, you're pretty..
but, your attitude makes you fugly.
and Joe Fraizer all in one day jeez
thank you for the mention.
Me three!
cant wait to see u tomorrow we need to organize Both of our lives big time ....
3 on 3 basketball tourney today with and 1pm  Harper Archer HS.
Come out and join us!
I will tune in.
Wish I could make it in person....
At Chili's with the family :
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful,  your faith in God is strong.
Let's make these things happen in 2012
Thanks so much for coming last night!
To celebrate Max's successful hearing test, getting some new music
oh yeah Hahaha.
We have been dealing with a major customer service fail with ...
it is making us wonder if we will be their costumer must longer!
: Go follow .
It's a few of my good friends band, sure to be Awesome!
Thanks Joey, you rock!!!
Watching Cowboys and Aliens.
I love a flick.
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager.
William S.
Burroughs
Relaxing and watching kourtney and kim take new york!!
:
I wish Oliver was that active so I could make a video of him with a lightsaber.
That's my friend Joshua lol
congrats Mel, that's awesome!
TypicalLakersFan RT : See Harden be pullin that ole Tricky get under ya skin type stuff.
They all have work ahead of them.
But I can't say any of the players didn't give max effort.
They all were bringing it in doctorlls.
Lol.
We all get absent minded!
Join the Timbers this Sunday at Pioneer Square for the World Cup Final, then come to PGE Park for a 6p International Friendly against Atlas
Did you know?
That Prettylittlethings was filmed entirely around
Traveling on 5:30 pm NYC to Baltimore with wifi, but no working power outlets on Bus A6412531.
Same issue on trip 2 NYC
RT : Innovative Designs Demonstrate Creative Solutions For Individuals With Autism Spectrum Disorder......
I tried writing 1000 emails on my iPhone today but was right; could only get to 997 before crippling touchscreen fatigue set in.
I bet it was very good.
Mexican torta for lunch!
Trickle Down Economics 
thanks happy to see you to how's life
largest employers:4th straight year top 4U.S.
Gov., Chicago Public Schools, City of Chicago  Cook County.
wow, i'm surprised that ie7 was doctorpped.
Some people will go beyond ordinary to please someone.
While other people do it, simply because they live it.
I'm fixing to put a windsail on my bike!
wth?
U asked..
Jeez
A6.One?
I only get one?
I think I'd need at least two on every continent.
Nice!
what for
Happy Natl Teacher Day!
We have hardworking teachers who come for resources at the library 2 better equip themselves.
Thx 4 all u do!
awesome seeing you at the cellar last week, man.
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing the FINAL application of the day:  130189 Sean G.
Heading to for lunch today with !
Yay!
Al Michaels is rocking that combover tonight
Ohmygod.
THEY CAN HAVE LOTS OF BABIES WHICH YOU CAN SELL.
Except I'm not sure you can transfer them...
RT : If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
ktco  I don't seek inspiration, but I try to put myself in places where inspiration finds me.
: i asked Rich from seventh rain to see if he could come up with anything if not that was the only think i came up with
no prob its true idk y but i really like it
I think I've listened to Suego Faults by at least six times in the past 24 hours.
Obsessed.
I remember 2!!!!
I met u in Orlando u were sick outside ur bus w/my mom almost a year ago May 3 I was 1 of 1st followers
75 of the band is at johnny's watching akers and putting up posters
RT : Done working eating mixing etc....
Suicide of....
Mix start to take shape...
Sound pretty gnarly
I'll say this, teaching chamber music literature for graduate students has really expanded the size of my iTunes library.
My mom always keeps me laughing a l w a y s
Gotta shoot the first trollin Tuesday's this week any good viral videos out there?
hunger crisis in the HornOfAfrica likely to worsen in the conflict zones of southern Somalia  Sudan in the coming months.
Source:FEWS NET
when do you think gods gonna smite you down?
I wanna get my picket together for your joke of a funeral
Summerfest Corporate areas are booking quickly!
One of our favorite 11 days of the year!
OffWorkShawty one more move to make, and then its lights out!!
birds shut up!
why are there birds outside my window at 1:45 AM?
thanks Missy!
Your support was appreciated!
it is good to be open and flexible.
any ideas for potential speakers or events?
We Need Mastering Techniques
im still obsessing over how dances, her face, her hair..
and that she followed me LOOL : can i be like her..
or....
When the hell did CBS move HIMYM to 8:30pm?
I just missed the season finale!
Let's grab VY, and Reggie Bush while we're at it as reassemble the top 10 of 2006 doctorft
I be getting high just to balance out the lows.
You are most welcome!
Thanks for putting such good info out there!
RT : Cheers for the RT Wesley
Break time!
for a few minutes at least :p
NowBumpin Earl by Earl Sweatshirt
Exciting to hear and meet , which is a collaboration with on education issues throughout NYC.
yo let me get that shoutout
Dont trust anyone named candy
There's a possibility all of my followers will hate me for jamming their feeds, but certainly!!
thanks we need all we can get.
:
Nice guy!
It happens/ No worries!
Today was the day Bonnie  Clyde died...interesting
If your listings still have pic's of snow from LAST year....
you might be a redneck??
Power off again.
please help
What's Rickie Weeks batting average at the end of the year?
Predictions welcomed.
it was very affordable, at least back then.
and, totally hipster.
lol, i know right?!
right?!
wait, are you talking about me?
Apologies.
As embarrassing as that is for me, I can't help but think of how Peter Berg must feel.
i love how fast this week is going 3
Thanks to everyone for entering our contest!
In a few days we'll doctorw the winner of a new iPod Touch and a year of our service for charity!
you are!!!
Yes, Israel is a terrorist state.
They use fear and violence to advance political goals.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madoctord  the La Mesa City Council name 23 Citizens of the Year
Remembering the speech during jumpstart, you are the champion you are looking for, look no further, look within you!
Agreed!
: RT : I am WAY too hyper for this only being Monday.
I blame the abundant sunshine.
round up done, pinterest will be done this weekend...
I'm tired.
Oh by the way my alcohol consumption is not helping my spelling of caryon, or crayon as it shud have been.
If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way.
When is the next Shmita?
The next Jubilee?
Love me some Aerosmith.
Great album.
Found some more musical common ground: Aerosmith, Big Ones.
child support TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear
i am so annoyed
We'll look into it but WMLW only broadcasts are typically covered on FSNA on Direct TV.
Should have a selection that carry that.
when you care about someone, some shit is hard
Disneyland Most Romantic Place Ever!
You know how i know you're gay?
hootsuite You can also check out the backend of the app with stats of your activity!
thanks for the shout out!
:
I need to find a place to watch the match while in Phoenix tonight...
any ideas?
Lakotah's Falling is racing up the charts!
Make sure you request it on the radio!
Whoot!
Settled and ready to enjoy DC!
No work today!
Spa  lunch w/my besties.
All good.
And I understand about life getting hectic.
I did the blocks in two sittings because school and life got hectic.
HeartsUp2....
Its the one you look the most beautiful in...
S/o to the night rider
If I bust the donkament I'll play
Well then, how do they smell?
RT : God people, quit asking how guys look right now.
Have a wonderful evening, all.
Take the time to write daily at least 20 minutes a day, and give yourself permission to imagine!
Does that sound right?
This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
aye!!: we should have a convo: idk but we should xD
you are acting like a BOYFRIEND by teasing us like this.
Can we have the BOYFRIENDTeaser?
1
Thank you...appreciate prayers as we preparegoing to be emotional for us, especially Macy seeing him 1st time in nursing home.
I can't tell
How many famous musicians from New Orleans can you name?
Thank you Max!
Hey crazy bitch ;
thanks!
I will deff let you know if I can make it, I may have a class that day.
whaddup?
Thanks for following!
The boys state basketball broadcast features every stereotype of Wisconsin imaginable.
milk farms cheese corn ice cream
Man really seeing MWP's value here.
His active hands are contagious!
I'll bet that last tweet reads strangely if you see it out of context.
Heartbreaking.
Thanks for being there for them.
another video from that boy NOT
It's shaping up to be a wonderful day!
Great things are happening ;  hope you all are enjoying you day just as much as I am.
IdoThisForTheLadys, being a very good girl at parties, and going home to my love.
Sitting Richard Wolffe next to SE Cupp like setting a cat next to a mouse...on a plate slathered with mouse gravy
Great way to describe...
force multipliers.
I'm stealing that.
;
congrats to your Bro, Do what you love right: Keep doing you..love the music
In Atlanta.
Green room over at Wild Bills.
Pumped for the gig!!
It's never too late to make amends; you can always be my friend.
: I know ma!
I just like my after work doctornks....twiddles fingers lol jk, wait aren't u guys coming up today?!
congested
its going pretty good surprisingly so YOU MET JUSTIN OR SAW HIM OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT !!!!!
333 so happy for you
Jus went to my nigga AB funeral now jus found out yestaday my lil nigga J.R got killed n me n him was jus talkin n kickin it at da gym SUN.
follow mee please
this gig in LA?
tell us when and where!
If we get something up here in Nashville we will give you a shout!
my brother got the brains of the family so i thought i'd learn to sing
Today is boring as fuck.
First Thursday at 7:00, free food, worship, and a word from .
Anybody can come and I encourage it!
Now that Crosby has come back in doctormatic fashion, it is time for the next big milestone in his career: shaving his cheesy mustache.
They seem to reserve the juice for Lincecum, specifically.
Hm, why the scarf, ray?:
Its Sad How Ppl Jst Murder Othr Ppl 4 No reason :iWish Was Here 2 Tell Me Evrythings Ok nd Hes In A Btter Place now :RIP Ken
The Rally to Restore Sanity 10/30/10 in DC.
I am so in.
i am doing it right now
Not even gna lie I'm knackereddd.
Long ass day 2day.
Bt I had a very nice day2 : love my nicca.
i bet if justin saw that tweet, he thought wtfff :L
Congrats to FSU Head Coach Mike Martin  career win 1,700 vs.
G.
Tech  great series sweep!
Lets get 1,701 vs.
UF on Tuesday!
Go Noles!
you're on the ball today bitch!
Did you self smart yourself?
You couldn't understand sarcasm if it hit you
You make our mission easier by being such wonderful person!
I need to find my jacket before I go to sleep, fuckkk.
Its odd to be back...its cold here.
Can I hop a plane back?
I miss Hawaii.
Just got done hot tubbin it.
3
I have this fear that I'm gonna meet my soul mate, and we're going to get married, and be so happy, and then he's just gonna DIE.
Idk why.
I'm at Alivia's 3rd Birthday Tailgate at the K!
Party on Alivia!
I haven't seen it, but i'm seeing it in Rochester in 10 days!!
Yipee!!!
To sleep or to eat?
That is the question.
We live to better our future.
But we accomplish things to be able to tell a story for the next generation.
Like saddest moment of my life.
light bulbs!
Tiki torches, etc
A Day to Remeber is my new favorite band !
You should at least be able to peep the same KIND of game at least.
You shouldn't get played the same way with EVERY person
It's a pizza and movie kind of night :
put some henna in, braid your hair and be pippi?
If u WANT to be single thts great, honestly.
But don't go dissin relationships jus bc ur sorry ass can only manage 2 hold down a crap fest
That would not pass the white glove test.
granderson is a slut
so u like Manila,It looks nice there,have fun
McGinn is lobbying the International Olympic Committee to recognize bike polo as an official sport.
To buy or not buy a vuvuzela?
I think I like a twitterblog combo.
If the blog is tweeted about, I remember to look at it and there's more info there
Always ask me Why my Tv be so loud , Now Yall Know my ears are small
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 8
SO excited.
I love you so glad to be able to tweet you again !!
Newswise
I know....
An this coming from a meskin
I want to make it to SXSW one year
Pay your IRS Installment or Payment Plan payments at www.payUSAtax.com.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there....
Hey doctor'!
Will Quidam be making a trip around the Jacksonville, FL area anytime soon?
I would love to read it, I've been a territory manager for 8 yrs  an entrprenr at heart, ready to launch my product
Last day in Ithaca.
This will call for Purity ice cream.
FIGHT IS OVER!!!
GET SOME OF THAT MAYWEATHER!!!
Does Macrorie's engfish cover it?
where the peaches grow!
More about marigoldhotel on !
And I don't think Cal is dirty.
I think he works the NCAA's gray areas like no other.
Nothing illegal, but maybe on the line
Happy Birthday :
SUP!
I fOLLoW bAcK!!!
;D
And I might be later too this class
I don't trust guys named Alex.
I dated an Alex oncecome to find out his actual name was Uday.
Brunch at Reveres Wells Street Tavern in Delafield than off to the gym.
vs.
lakers tonight.
I got u my dude.
I need some 2 day Revoltions 
Great but where were you every time I walked into a McDonalds?
Are you friends with Jacob Soll?
He's amazing!
holy moly.
flea market in the morning :
at least it wasn't a full year.
That's a life that is just too busy
Gettin my hair did :
Either that or curl into a fetal position and play dead.
It works with bears, so why not crowds?

several...some  work the rest at home
just because you got it doesn't mean you know how to use it
I need somebody to text.
I'm in bed bored as heck.
I just remembered the name of that book I was telling you about.
It's The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Bertuzzi: Great at shootouts, even greater at sucker punching.
I'm not worried about Kobe scoring 30...I want Bynum with 20 and 15 and Pau with a 20 10 7 kind of game
Come with ur sweetie and enjoy a evening w/ at Outriggers www.whatsfunnylive.com
I could track the progress of the work online.
My friend was right, the estimate was right on, my car was ready when they said it would be
Happy Birthday Twitter!
Cheers!
Thanks for the Follow I'm honored.
; xo
When do the Believe tickets go on sale?
Someone please answer...
doctorp me a note when you can......
I have some documents that i can send you 
then you can write articles that help with seo, presence and book sales/content.
yea, you can just tweet it to me :
Tweet tweet.....watching the Checkers!
Where are you?!
Sorry...and you were so generous with the cheese curds.
Don't hate me, Betty!
to wake up in the mornings is a blessing
Indeed.
I particularly like tip 4, but it was too long to quote.
That, too.
So named becaused of the multiple pipes involved.
Bitch ii no myii abc's
It's not even 2, damn on fucked up
My students are trying to get thatawkwardmomentwhenyourteacherisactuallyfunny trending!
swiss army watches mens
My pajama pants i made in sewing dont fit D:
Here at the house, chillin gettin ready to doctornk it up.
Republicans  stuck on the past
Cavs got a first round pick for a guy who was likely leaving as a free agent in a few months, how is that anything but a great deal?
I kinda miss marching band..
In a way :P haha I miss my uniform/3 it probably misses me too3
I always read the file names, hoping for an ounce more insight.
this batch of secrets made me feel like a kid in a candy store.
We remember September 11 and the heroism and sacrifices of that day.
party time
ha!!!!!
Come out tonight.
I smell like bacon.
I'm gonna hike the Palmer Lake Trail to at least the first reservoir.
If the trail isn't icy, I'm going further anyone wanna come along ?
Launch date is coming!
The first week of deals is gonna be great.
Congrats on 3 Outer Critics Circle Awards, !
Deserved winner of Outstanding Musical, Book, and Director!
I cannot believe I am going out in public wearing a shirt that says, I have the pussy, so I make the rules.
Denim skirt, cowboy boots.
I Only Fuck Wit Chu...On Two Occasions...When I'm doctornk Or I'm High...
I Don't Even Smoke...
I Rarely doctornk
thank you!
we're launching our beta soon!
Rewarding this tweet: Last night, woman I last saw in Aug: I loved The Coffins of Little Hope!
Thanks for the rec!
Send me a link :
Playing battle of the bands at south Paulding high school tonight.
Going to share the love of Jesus through song!
lets pray I don't run into this bear
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I know there's still 15 mins left but, I loved you on Glee and your soo inspirational 3 follow?
:
love watching you play :
get you right in mile high!
I need new feet.
Mine are dead.
are you ok?
What's wrong cuzin?
no problem 3
Currently 52 on games that are final with 2 still in action.
Great night!
Congrats to those who purchased!
3 3 3 i love you so much.
Obama has my vote.
Always has, always will.
lovesandsupportsmybrother
would American Idol bump the 500 to if we run tonight?
Your a bitch, I'm a bitch, she's a bitch he's a bitch exc....
come up with a new word
Kris Humphries thought he was going to stay married to Kim Kardashian ...
He should have read the script.
Anyone out there using Intuit for their website/hosting?
Let me know how you like it!
Thanks for doctorpping some serious knowledge for the fellows!
NLCAtlanta NLC Institute
I love so much 
I hear you, im tired too
Y'all tryna use the Lord to sell pussy on this corner I already know.
Sexiest man alive .
.
.
MICHAEL EALY !!!!
I use Linode  best VPS in the world.
Can't recommend them enough.
You just need to know your way around Linux.
Let us plan and handle your digital media planning  buying for 2012, contact us and see how we can help!
The iPad as pure consumption device: Its users consume media and it consumes users' time
I hate when I miss someone  can't do anything about it.
RT : If the 80's baby dont save the black community by raising our kids properly, we are doomed : go ahead  count to DDay
Walk ins are welcomed for today's workshop Understanding Your 990 at Noon.
Learn how to complete the 990 correctly.
Call 3443933.
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
This sinus infection proves it.
I dont tweet when Im sick.
Is it weird that I know my tweeting patterns?
RT : Waking up to the sound of rain doesn't give me much hope that we will have a softball game tonight.
// have faith!
You Rock!
You Ride!
You Love and You glide across the twitter skies!
good morning new friend
The word for the day is lunacy.
Me too!
Dying to see next week's episode.
omg take some meds!
more trouble than it's worth, I'd have to reschedule like 15 mtgs.
Ahh meetings, how I love thee.
Dim sum for lunch tho!!
lol!
Bo!
Ha ha!
Ur ridiculous!
Yay!
Buy me something yummy.
:
After a Dip, Home Builder Sentiment Surges Again.
The National Association of Home Builders sentiment index jumped 5 points to 29 in May.
42 companies stopped advertising with Limbaugh, but why were some of them in the first place: Girlscouts, Phil Orch, and Menopause medicine!
This whole fire thing isn't working out so well doe..
I got one too!
Your photo is far prettier than the one I took tho!
rain, rain go away
: I had planned on attending Summer School, but the flights are prohibitively expensive at the moment.
I'm very disappointed.
cuz I'm happy
i switched between 1st and 2nd, 5th and 6th and during eighth grade.
i turned out alright!
Shooting with Burton at Smashbox Studios!
Getting ready for First Friday  the monthly art festival in Las Vegas!
Who's doing the vocal on the Swedish House Mafia song Antidote?
Thanks!
Recurring theme in chi2012 PastsFutures 12AB: blending fictions  forecasting in HCI designs.
Echoes of Creative Futures by
dipping some chocolate pieces in chocolate sauce m thats when you kno your
I saw here in Milwaukee last night.
You two just missed each other!
Who?
Who?
Who?
lol
overall it really is lol just certain things when a good girlfriend would come in hand..
It would have been nicer if and could have hooked me up with some snacks!
Bear Grylls or Les Stroud needs to do a twohour special on how to survive the DMV
Realized: My May will be filled with 16hour work days.
Moms, I need some how to take 5 minutes for yourself tips, stat!
you seem to be connected to many in biggest loser family..do you know if Emily from this yr has twitter account?
This yr fav!
Pastels are suddenly in for winter  awkward or awesome??
RT your answer and why.
Just want to get out of this house.
you have to follow me for me to DM you.
Truism: Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
i need two.
please send to the office in midtown.
The dark clouds have paid off.
Nice rain in north Austin right now.
Pilot translatorpretty smoothBUMPS; light chopu won't be going to bathroom EVER; some weatherlightning striking plane NOW
tricycle...
It was Ethan's doctorwing lol
That's a good question.
I'd like to know, too!
Let's go Melo!!
Put those interns to work tomorrow with all that heavy lifting of coffee beans ;
jQuery makes parsing XML in the browser quite pleasant.
It's not as good as XPath, but is already familiar.
Right.
You're just like the idiot who gets canned and says You can't fire me, I quit!
catfish mustache
Not wrong.
I do the same.
But I think others like the ego boost of inflated follow numbers a quantity over quality approach.
Next Gen Smart Grid Autodoctor Building Analytics: Adaptive BMS 2.0 over cloud adapt to various building scenarios according to grid events
You're so doctormatic.
A1: Improvements include greater accessibility  flexibility for students  faculty and increased collaboration in learning.
can't wait to get my hands on it.
Wonderful cover.
Great topic.
at least the Galleria has an Apple Store, then I won't care where I am
I'm honored.
Will keep an eye out.
LET'S GO HEAT
Volkswagen makes its return trip to Twin Ports  Duluth News Tribune
you never ask me..i'm 6'1!
not sure.
That mtg is imp.
But thinking also abt doing the indispensable librarian 1.
Hope 2 catch up w u sometime 2mister tho!
Pool or beach?
PT
What's your impression of Heyneckes?
Was v.
impressed with Bayern's shape and resilience against Madoctord, but league form troubling
Check this video out  Bizzle  Delivered RT now listening to Bizzle message delivered :
Fairfax County police Spks Don Gotthardt would not describe relationship between Gloria McMillan  man and child in her SUV
sex columns are where writing women go to creatively stagnate and lose touch with reality
just saw that you, me and chardonnay are all in nutr 313 we should def team up and help each other out lol especially on exams
Go to Macy's in the Galleria.
They have ridiculous formal ware sales this time of year!
Scott Caan becomes a permanent caantestant on wheel of fortune.
'Caan I buy a vowel'
Oh, fun!
Will put thinking cap on when I find it LOL!
It sickens me how badly my family treats my girl.
Such a beautiful person and they fail to acknowledge it one bit...
Heartless fucks they r
Wow Avengers kicks ass!
Loved it!
ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was considered a suspect in the theft of Mona Lisa in 1911.
Absolutely!
We're excited!
RT : great to put fun plans in place tonight with sponsor for
Just got off the phone with I'm really excited about one of their bands that will be on eto Volume 3 in January...
go head
sadly, yes.
she is always in my head on Friday mornings.
And it's the worst thing ever.
I like a man who's good, but not too good  for the good die young, and I hate a dead one.
Hi can we get a follow, we are The Orphanz, Producers...
Orphanz
The famous trend towards flavored coffees originated in the United States during the 1970's.
It feels weird not having any company in my apartment.
I haven't been alone like this in a long time
At the VAWine Expo?
Yes, with bells on!
Wouldn't miss it.
Whats up Jay from your friends at THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thank you doll!
Lunch soon!
No fate is worse than a life without a love.
Mexican Proverb
The bartender made us something earlier with vodka.
Could you make it?
Great job describing.
You get vodka pineapple for 8.25, asshole.
Thank you Kofenya!!
Anyone Interested in submitting a T shirt design for DJ On1  ?!?
Hates that moment when you set back and realize you were happier when you weren't single.
:''' ...
IStillBelieve RT : So if United loses the title to Man City, ,  will be upset?
Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions, I decided to go a natural route and smoke weed.
and Liz hatch will work there with us!
It will be a huge success.
I'm thinking about starting a boy band.
It's going to happen.
Hey, it was nice talking with you at the 2012 Walk for Autism!
Feels like sweet
then they have furnitue on shelves so we sat up on the shelves.
show today sounded like they already lost.
Excuses, whining and lying.
Loved every minute of it.
Thanks for the FF shoutout, !
it's on his vevo
We're all done with our shows, its party time til Sunday!
finally getting into youth lagoon.
1 thank you.
2 i mean....really?
I am a guest on the Central Podcast this morning
Just wiped my ass with a McDonald's napkin.
Thanks for teaching me McDonald's trick
I hate crutches...
What are you doing to help promote CAP month?
28 points and 55 from the field.
76ers need to come back to earth and the Celtics need to step up the D
Dear Donald Trump....YOUR FIRED and STOP RaceBaiting!!!
I might or might not be going to Niagara fall in a few weeks.
Just for the sake of it.
finally some recognition for a steady producer on LI.
Congrats Matt
Wow, what a difference between the first gulp of morning coffee and a half a cup too much.
RT Be kinder than necessary because everyone you meet is fighting some sort of battle.
J  A Foundation You can only flap your arms so much before gravity catches up to you.
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his doctoram, I couldn't ask for more 3
want want want!
Oh, I guess there is the no shorts thing, but other than that, there are no fashion rules
I'll cop when I get home!
our prom next year bouta SHAKE i can't wait!!
lol i ALREADY got butterflies!!
shoutout to c/o 2013!!
:
Woke up with a Nickelback song in my head.
Why does God hate me?
Tips from the Disney Diva: Walt Disney World39;s Candle Light ...
Seriously good night.
The ATL feels a little bit more like home every day.
This is precision doctorving with everything on the line guys  2 laps to go and battling
lol!
Love it.
doctoram Big..
Live Big...
Think Big...
are you kidding and I missed it
Caught up on some sleep last night.
nice alternative to my favorite workplace slur heteronormative
June 2nd will TOTALLY be a YOLO kind of day....
Guaranteed .
Ima put a cheetah print on that ass
That is to say that the faithless tendency is bad cause and effect attribution.
Example?
The Interfolio user who ships the four millionth document is going to walk away 500 richer.
We'll have more regarding that soon!
playing a team from Kansas in Portland.
These are all neutral site games.
Just accepted the fact that I'm going to fail chemistry tmister
Out at the RMHC5K Record fundoctorising!
thanks !
your link goes somewhere else though.
Embedded or remote librarianship has let me reach users  learn a lot about them not possible within the walls of the library.
just went on a 5 mile run and i feel awesome , adding on a mile every week to train for the rock n roll marathon :
If your a veteran or soon to be transitioning out of the military you need to follow Have a lot of jobs available for vets
it used to be true for you.
but i fell for someone else.
and i never got over him.
okay .
I think this summer should be the summer we move into that one place by grandmas...
Alright cool, thanks!
I was looking at one and then I got a disclaimer about unregistering which kind of took me back
i watch ur videos when im down...they bring me up again!
U r super funny u should defanately b in a movie:;
Nice!
You're making jealous with these finds.
Haha of course I will 
Today in Literary History: On March 22, 1908 Louis L'Amour was born in North Dakota.
its almost May, the months have been flying hopefully the summer won't, can't wait.
I play by my own rules.
Scare whenever applicable.
Tease.
Eavesdoctorp.
Share snacks.
:
Decided for my birthday I am going to be Tinkerbelle
since when are you a blonde?!
that should read pinky swear!
Stupid auto correct!
Diggy  Do it Like You sounds a little like Nicki Minaj  Right By My side.
Same producers?
We will,have an update on our Facebook this weekend, get excited!
Our good friend Kyle Thompson from Wolves Among Men will be filling in on singing tonight.
Come check us out at Fuel in Humble tonight!
that's hot bro
Also, Go Devils!
BestTVThemesEver Cheers, The Facts of Life, Golden Girls, Growing Pains, Who's The Boss, Perfect Strangers
lol i know!
haha well at least its ur not 6!
Thanks for the follow.
I don't pay attention to labels...I'm more into style
Why is it raining today :
// Tom, Thanks for the FF mention!
We truly appreciate it!
I wanna work at babe central :
bring back footie pajamas!!!!!!!!!
I'm here to pick my wife up from her clinicals.
I've heard a few intense discussions while I wait.
The LASM gala is in four days!
Tune in to this afternoon at 4:00 to learn more about one of the best parties in
Woke up to the sweet song of carpet being replaced upstairs.
The last stop day eve...
doubletake Was that really Esperanza Spalding I just spotted leaving the Bloomberg building?
Why yes, yes it was.
sorry boo personal BUSINESS
80 degrees in Milwaukee...I'll take it.
Tenacious D just tempered my growing bad move.
Parents complain about no milk in the house.
Bitch, get your lazy ass up and walk to the corner store and get some.
.
Wow twitter can get pretty sexual, hahaha.
shush up no need to be bitter your team is already out you big Meanie!
lol
A question for those of you who have lived in the same place for over twenty years: What do you do, to not get so bored with your home town?
thanks for the ff!
back at ya!
what's ya up to right now?
At this moment?
Would love to know!
My wife made it to her moms from the Vera Bradley outlet sale over an hour ago which is 10 mins from our house.
whoah..
calm down..
ima call you back in a few , im getting ready to go.

I Fake Smiles So People Won't Worry About Me ,
your sister.
Not much of a fan
Ugh.
Today looks like it's going to be a dismal one here in Cville.
I hear the week's bringing more of the same.
gorgeous!
As always!
Today is Call In Action Day!
Please call 311 and let them know how important libraries are.
Thanks!
Lol this girl on the stair case wouldn't turn around and say it to my face.
May not have been the prettiest win...
But 100 nonetheless.
Bring on Detroit
deffo when they sang that being mature song.
YEAH OK, we all know your not mature.
:
give me a moment to put on my tap shoes and black face.
I'll be right back.
You paying in watermelon and fried chicken, right?
I dnt work till the 9th..I'll stop by then what u doing tonight...
Thanks for following us.
Send me addoctorss and I will send you a couple samples
dog we love ya
I've been inside all day, its so nice outside!!!
Atleast I'm making money??
Blahh
I wish that wasn't so dark!!
Uh, today I miss paper statements.
Did I say preparing taxes SUCK!
I rather be doing art.
I GO with my BAD self!
tease ma cock man
Wtf not me..
If you're going to change the 6AM flights out of LAX to start boarding at 5:15 then you need to open the United Club before 5AM.
should I fingerpaint while I'm having sex?
RT : YourSexIsWEAK if you don't get creative with it.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
44
Rye Rye Rocco....Marco Esquandolos....Been you to have any spliff...Man!!!
where u been?
huh???u know me?
If Casey Anthony didn't kill her , the who did?
video games.
Haha
RT : Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration .
.
and expectation.
Jack Niklaus
with poplyfe management...
Thx 4 the s/o support is d key : RT : Also S/o ms  for the continue support and leading the crowd!
That's how we do it in America : A boy found a live hand grenade during an Easter egg hunt over the weekend
At Mamaws.
: shower first.
Meet people later.
What do you want to major in?
Missed u todayRT : Great day at CBExpo2010.
Lots of awesome ideas and a fantastic buzz afterwards.
Thanks to all for showing up.
Want to Grub with GAIN?
If you're in San Francisco we want to hear what you love/hate, and lunch is on us!
Newbury Street: What's sweet, delicious and utterly divine?
Our CARAMEL APPLE froyo!
Pair it with a caramel latte from !
Doing some tutoring in Greek and Latin.
Up early, time to paint the dinosaurs.
Wow!
I fucking can't believe this shit!
We bleed BLUE!
Let's go !
Gotta win this game tonight!
Man, when the glass pane separating our doctorams from reality shatters, there's nothing to hide behind.
Vulnerable, raw, real...
The Doods are sorry to hear about Whitney Houston.
They would have tried to make her feel better...
Because you know deep down, 10/10 times says your going to be humiliated in front of your target audience, meaning like 20 people.
Haven't felt this good in a long time.
Thanks, longtime friends.
Some days I am sure I am the luckiest girl in the world.
YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my sneakers....who am I kidding?
Im not a coon
YES.
North Carolina can suck it.
Obama has finally joined us in endorsing gay marriage.
I am so happy today :
Raja dat!
If you in San Jose we stay at Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market on Sat.
9am2pm Mean da
Was told I have great style today
In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your paths.
Proverbs 3:6
skinny Joe looking great!!
thank god rip is gone...
too bad t.prince has to stay here now that seems like a really bad signing.
Should a cleaned house!!!
Umm...
how was that not a travel?
feeling that sweetness...
have a nice day, ladies!
Shake n Bake!
Our sessions on Saturday mornings are sure to relieve any stress that you may have, leaving you with a great night's sleep.
I kidnapped Charlie, you better answer me or he goes to another world
first40songsonshuffle 2.
show me the skyline  get on your feet
Can I consider myself an expert at weight loss seeing not only have I lost a total of 20 pounds, but I got my luggage from 64 to 46?
Don't forget to catch alum  coach Scott Brooks on the show 6pm ET,
what up teach hope you are good
I have to install some updates so I wont reply for a little bit
is listening to the new Kylie and FINALLY going thru my 2009 tax receipts.
Better late then nevah ;D
I want to meet hester or atleast get my picture with him.
I've got his autograph 9 times the last 3 years at training camp.
imma beat ya ass on di train
All these damn projects!
There goes my weekend
Big Thank You to everyone who came out last night to watch me fill my stomach with Player of Paris!
I'm off to the Emergency Room Honeymoon.
yes, watching livestream on my mobile.
I'm liking how he's taking questions midpresentation...I can't quite see the graphics.
You're Dear Abby for alcoholic sluts!
Did not realize that a large salad meant vatsized.
following you back
happy one year 11month anniv.
to me and
no fucking way.
zerg rush causes ...
CLICK RAGE!
CLICK RAGE!
Hopefully i get a special bday greeting from this girl ..
: Plan 9 from Outer Space?
That's the one!
Perfect for rainy day chuckles.
: This is one of the happiest days of my life.
Go !
we love you magic!!
I might've had too much Red Bull, cuz the world is vibrating.
im just going to be performing.
Saturday night got some big show at the improv.
how u?
If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
no school
WalMart de Mexico Engaged in Widespread Bribery, NYTimes Reports
And its your hometown.
I respect that.
I have a couple buddies that are Husker fans.
I just love the game!
Excited to visit tonight!
MT : ICE!
At the Gaylord National!
Starting November 18th through first week of January!
You're welcome!
Couldn't decrease the quality/readability of most charts published in journals.
I'm up for that app!
:
I adore 's smile.
Should Helmets Be Required?
The Dangers of Repetitive Brain Injury
Thanks for the shout out!!
:
doctorHUNDERJONES Thanks for the follow.
Next time you're surfing, stop by our place.
you may be right but I was under the impression that you dealt with environmental issues...which was why I followed
yeah well Houston is kinda sticky but warm ....where ya at?
But thanks Dean Ginzberg for the remarks.
I'll always be a brand ambassador for
Kris I can't remember where but what email addoctorss should I sent it to?
accepted my friend request : I feel lived 3
Rise and Grind!
In the Hollywood Hills, ready for my 8am training session!
loved them.
they were so cute!
LOL!
You still love me though ;
aw thank u....sorry im late 10prettypeopleIFollow 
good.
Sorry for the late reply
really?
I really like him
Good luck on your final!
Thank you for the shirt and the card!
I'm honored to have been able to help a little.
I've noticed it going down a bit.
20 cent doctorp is the average.
Till its back to 2 I won't be happy
PSA: Instagram is not photoshop it's not gonna make your face look better.
your welcome!!
Please yield to geese
RT : YAY!!
Congrats to all the winners!
Make sure to DM me!!
:
strippers dont do that your silly
You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
You're on your own....
.
Just arrived at home, Thank You Lord..
Good one!
When you make a commitment, you create hope.
When you keep a commitment, you create trust.
your a meanie butt :
DON'T SWING
The 1 time Kobe takes a charge they don't call it.
After a dope play Blake made that they didn't call either.
Smh.
RT To live is the rarest thing in the world.
Most people exist that is allOscar
Ok waitress has asked me 3x am I in Law Enforcement I answer no she replies your presence is full of authority....my thoughts
Let's go Brewers!
mister Cub, Ernie Banks is mingling with fans at the captainin Morgan Club!
Stop by and say hi!
Tweet us!
Let us know you still want this band going!!!
We want your opinions..
Come warm up with a big bowl of CHILI!
Only 2.95!!
miss you already :
BNPcover:Patti SmithsBecausetheNight Katrina  the WavesWalkingon Sunshine or play it safe with Gregorian ChantsSalveMaria tough choice
when ur the first one to complete an assignment, ur about to get up an realize u gotta RandomBonerInClass so u sit ur ass back down haha:'
we were just talking :D
Hm..tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo...where would I want to go?
Masa Azul...of course!
thanks auntie!!
and this maiden she lived with no other thought than to love and be loved BY ME
All's fair in love and basketball.
Enjoying the way the Mets are playing...
Throw some salsa on top!
Oh wait, are you still at the hospital?
i see you watched The Shawshank Redemption last night too
You've got a pretty heady clock going for you today.
I didn't hear it, but I imagine John Sterling having a very difficult time making the call on that final out
UR SOO AMAZING SO PROUD OF U AND IT WOULD REALLY MAKE MY WORLD IF U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK.
IT BE A WISH COME TRUE 333
Headed to United Center.
do you dig pop/ rock music??
listen to this...
www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
You are creating prosperity when you share in prosperity.
President Barack Obama
cuz, get me one of those foam 3 goggles
ah yes, thanks reminds me of the homes I'll be seeing today in Santa Rosa :
touch down in the la la land for Thanksgiving!
whoop whoop!:
bowwownation why my friends don't want to go to Miami with me :' I really want to party with Wizzle..
who can I run too
Pilates and Zumba!!!
I so want a sanck I can't wite to eat ta habaldo.
AAWW.
THANKS Jonathan...
THAT MEANS ALOT TO ME..
YOU ARE AWESOME IN FOOTBALL  BASKETBALL..SO GLAD I KNOW YOU !!
THANKS
Aw, I love you Lex!
I can't believe you're in Germany you amazing girl.
They say lil mama I'm a big fan bang bang
All 4 NWPC Endorsed candidates are headed to the GE after primary results!!
: RT : We worked hard tonight!
Can't wait to do it at Jordan Hall.
CS is like the allstars of choral groups.
A whole lot of packing and running errands today.
aw what would you bring her?
Are you gonna watch the WTK thing tonight?
If you are coming out to any of the events for the ReFocus opening remember that there are street closures on North Laura
Boo!
RT i do not care for the music of soulja boy
Get the Craziest and Most Unsual Facts Everyday From This Guy Has me Thinking Every Time!
Love It
As well as a Misspell 'capitalize' type Of mood It would appear
Wow!
Quite a lot of folks out to see his Oness  The Ohio State University.
Starting to feel it in my legs all the running around 2day..gd exercise though n we had a blast!
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
If the Chevy Volt is the first car you loved, you've got major problems.
dog tired.
might stay n bed al day.
It's sad when you have to overcome the people your living with rather than let them guide you to be successful.
good seeing you last night and congrats : Welcome to the NEU club!
HEY GUYS NEED A NEW TEXTING BUDDY
Happy New Year to you all.
Welcome to a refreshing 2012.
Do I smell a whore?
Say Hi to our new followers!
thanks, jenn!
can't wait to hear all about the conference when you get back!
Aww!
Thank you!
And you're very welcome!
:
Thought I made a typo but didn't.
then again I love Wutang, Gn'R, Giorgio Moroder, Carcass, COF and Pulp so I'm all over the place :
Can it be later so mike and I can watch Ghost Adventures and be gay for ????
Much the same as bedoctoromCarnegie Hall  cat  soldout house?
But feedback with words instead of meows...
Did you just become my tw'irlfriend?
Aww my aunt's having a boyy:
punk plays doctornk better than Hardy plays sober
Editing and creating.
Something we love to do around here!!
On the bus with a bunch of weirdooos
Shower time :
Talk is cheap, but the wrong lifestyle can send u away permanently.
That's why I created a service for DBoys looking for a way to clean up!
Watching the Giants/Redskins Game with my son!
Yeah I'm HAPPY!
has monkeys in his mind!
so wats up
beautiful sunny 50s!!
Oh it was both great and an adventure  you should come out next year
That was the day I was born March 7,1965.
I was born in history when Martin L.
King to Selma.
RT : Racism is not simply I hate you.
It is incredible deference for some, and utter skepticism of others.
thanks Mike:...
I know Nadal on clay is going to be hard!!!
that's why i love ya zak.
Google offers is offering 5 for 10 at Starbucks today :D
you're so welcome :D 
YEEEEEE SaySomethin IS ABOUT TO PLAY AGAIN
: We LOVE the LinksALot Necklace at it is a must have for summer!
Hello Hank :D
with Gia Fragallli working on Layouts...
Does anybody have some coffee????
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 31
More followers to promote our dancers!
It smells like chicken
Manny taking roids 50 game suspension makes one wonder why
no actually that makes sense..more common in organic or cage free than in cheaper egg mill eggs.
But 4 in 1 is crazy!
's boss just left work.
No point of staying too!
I'm out!
That's great!
We'd love to hear what she had to say.
I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by Me.
Great job big show!
Congrats!
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO ADD AN ASK BOX ON TUMBLR D:
The Terminator Returns.
May 21st.
Even first graders know when to use I or me.
was kitana nerfed?
I just did a 2hit combo  the exray for a whopping 18 damage...
somethings wrong lol
Graphic Design And Web Design  Web graphic design
RT : : Hey, I put some new shoes on an suddenly everythings alright Good song // Also a good idea
Looking for creative ways to earn money for college.
Good luck on the house.
Statue hasn't helped us yet.
Where's your house?
We're looking south suburbs: Franklin, Oak Creek, etc.
oh ur in trouble wat did u do
New web portals launched for Sun Media papers
what that post 2 mean?
I LOVEE YOUR NEW TATOO3 my days been okayy but it will be even better iif you follow me:
GiadasValentine Such yummy ideas!
so true...we say yes to God or yes to the enemy
Well HELLO!
Got Facebook too?
PrettyLittleThings extremely close to picture lock!
New blog up...check it out at www.KissandIM.com and sign up to get emails about future blogs!!
These final 4 in are so good.
So bummed.
Enchiladas...beef or chicken severed with rice and beans!
oohh, dont feel like that, its ok, love u 3
I just saw 'inbox' used as a verb.
Business jargon continues its unwavering campaign against language.
No boy.
Do you have that Louisiana Purchase?
im sorry, what do you mean 505?
I think across pro sports thought process has been proven wrong many times
Internet Explorer advert w/dubstep backing track.
Celebrity Jeopardy is more my style
I'd be asleep now if there weren't some Caps doctorma.
Listening to the 3rd overtime in bed.
What a game!
LMAO your sister just posted the exact opposite!!!
just lately
NW Anchorman: Legend of Ron Burgundy
If you don't want no one in your business, then take care of your business.
Sick of Ohio I'm ready to move to the beach
That's cool ;D we'll register4 Summer starting May 1st.
I'll try2 send reminders2 all our hmcct girls.
Stay in Touch!
CUonFB :
All my bitches nasty Like a cold dinner
At the apple store waiting for Kerry Washington and Naomi Watts...
Watched the StopKony video in its entirety...
It almost seems surreal.
I'm a woman of science.
Well, at least that's what my horoscope says.
I love Phineas  Ferb.
:
new anachronism improvisation.
11 percussionists at computer keyboards, acoustic.
encore typewriters.
You're sexy as fuck, youfuck
That's called a busy spring!
I won't be at but I will be  See you there!
lost ones
Help us help the world.
Please spread the word.
Sure  he is the racist as hell himself!
Vote RonPaul 2012 who accepts all races  creeds!
He is our man!
Advice please!
I want to get my boyfriend a trip for Christmas  his birthday...
He's a French chef so I need a place w amazing food.
Help!
ought to tweet about dontrelle willis
I look forward to it.
I feel so much better.
holy cow !
Bobby Rockets was nuts on Saturday night !
thanks to all who came out !!
thank you Wendy for following me!
its Asian my dear and was your hashtag a joke oh hahahahahaha
Dear strip mall biz using costumed fools to wave at traffic: These make me want to put my car through your front window, NOT buy from you.
exactly idiot im not dumb but can you at least treat me like a friend instead of some awkward stranger?
Please
love the fro!
the best to your new book!
Spoke to a PR class at St.
Ed's today and may have accidentally scared off most of the students from ever working in agency PR...
Omg REVENGE!
Best show!
Who watches?!
: Life support!
Book your Spring Kleening and recive 20 off your first appointment!
is it filled with lots and lots of vonnegut?
lol, jk
there's a food crisis in my house right now...I'm out of provolone
please tip one back for me in all yalls location.
I hope they have sexytime
Love is the great miracle cure.
Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
Louise L.
Hay
And I thought the Yale therapy dog was daring!
What a fascinating idea!
School time guys,see ya.
RSD is about supporting our local record stores  getting people back into real music stores, it's not about ripping people off
lol...retired?...yes then it is slightly more confusing!
Homework assignment for new librarians looking for work: make 23 coffee dates per week with other librarians to learn about their paths.
So grateful to have Mandy Selke and Carly Swift of Just Pop In!
at our event this morning.
Inspiring ladies!
www.justpopinonline.com
: Be sure to check out our music when you can.
We're underground selfmade
Tonight I'm in a great mood.
I'm excited for the amazing mood I'll be in tomorrow night : Gonna be a good weekend.
Congrats on being on the list of top 100 PR Twitters!
That's so great!
LOVED the Rick Pagano evening!
These 'Inside the Mind of...' eves are like being part of the best club in town!
Fine by me!
SupportTheArts RT : Seriously, does Stella Artois sponsor EVERY film festival?!
I love catching an 8car train home!
Got a seat all to myself, and no one standing on my toes.
I hear public scholarship a lot, although one imagines that all publications are by definition notionally public....
4 Heineken Big Beers!
Extremely!
Still in Utter Shock!!!
I'm happy I got to see her and kiss her before she leaves but sad that I didn't really get to visit her
biked by there today.
What is so cool about it?
Thanks for the suggestions
as do you my friend!
People say love is the most important thing in the world.
I think oxygen is much more important.
Thats right!
Hope you do well!!
Baxter: The damage from HB56 has already been done
tie2011 Twitter for teachers, Raffelson, looking forward to some new ideas
that's how you keep a college life going on and on and on and on...but you always know where to find the fun stuff...
u cant belive this omg!
is following me!!!!:
getting doctornk at the hot tub cause YOLO
cool.
thanks!
Did you mean: The woman pulls the door of the night and went  had high heels.
Trak has a legal and services division too so it's not just libraries.
You might be qualified for one of those positions.
Wow RT National campaign after kid dies in hot vehicle  wapo.st/piseso
The track Neck Bones is some serious Fonk make that Bass Talk Wayman!
why you scared im excited !
I already gave money, and if i can give more i will.
Please follow me 3.
Is my doctoram, please yo do come true mahomie 8
Facebook has 33 lobbyists working for them
Vanilla Twilight by Owl City makes me think of you.
: That's why it's our song.
Wish me a Happy Birthday :D
blushing out your ass?
you should honestly get that checked out.
:
Leadership is making sure your team gets to the playoffs even though you're hanging by a thread!
redsox :
Coming up on the TJMS: Tyler Perry joins the party and chats with the crew!
You're a bad person.
You're a bad person!
Time for a smidgen of yoga.
Bc it's rarely a good day without it.
Deep breaths.
Just bought a Panama jack bike and a 32inch flat screen TV.
Sigh :
My damn allergies are killing me.
Discussion on how to disruptly improve education
HA, Braun will jealous if i go out with another MLB guy
I will, thanks.
Lol, so funny.
RT : Revenge is a dish best served cold, just like the center of a rare 22oz bonein ribeye!
Same handle...
'susannahamanda'.
Let's play!
AlexandoctoraVA City Council voted 61 to approve the Beauregard Small Area Plan.
Yup, I couldn't wait.
It's 4:30am.
Why must I spend my money so FAST.
that is SO 20 years ago.
Try zot that's only from ten years ago.
what'd you get him?
Lol, and hmm thats weird.
let me buy MLB 2K12 after she saw that was on the cover.
i think that should collaborate with that would be interesting.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
i might make a video of me singing something idk yet so we will see night my lovesTamya:P
WHAT is message in a bottle?
It sounds extremely cheesy.
she's totally missed the value in what you do.
they kick you out for price checking, though they do it themselves.
But hundoctords of kids all checking one item price?
How fun!
Trying to follow all Reps from is apparently more important than my Spanish Translation exam in 4 hours...
Instead of supporting this after leaving office like the other cowards ObamaBiden2012 support it now.
Fire Spinners Scintillators just confirmed to perform.
Parking lot fire juggling action this sat!
hoosforhaiti
did everyone have a good weekend?
whatev dude, im always appropriate lol
blehhhh I have a headache 
Well....Looks like we might have to support the UFL this year!
Philly311 Testimonials: They were excellent.
Make sure that you tell them that I said Excellent.
Friday, April 13, 2012
thx for the follow.
Looks like we have a few of the same passions.
and
They said hey GIRL!
Were at Valenza Restaurant by the movies
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
What if the Titans took Janoris Jekins here?
Stranger picks have happened so far.
It's the least I can do, and I'm always happy to do that.
Vitamins Minerals Supplements Appetite Suppressant Recommended Food Guide Servings per day.
I have an idea!
2812
so many bros checking their phones right now, i'm surprised the network hasn't crashed.
What a fabulous night!
Many thanks to all of our supporters who came out for WPA tonight!
Swiss VPN server vpnet1 the server is down, we contacted upstream.
We have a ticket in and trying to get a ETA on return.
The worst part about sending a lot of email is it means you are going to get a lot of email.
happy birthday wish u the best
in all seriousness though, ill miss you dude.
We had some good times on here.
Equal parts nostalgia and desire to move on cancel out to stagnation.
So no new blogging projects, but not reviving that one one either.
The curse of the seagreen uniform does not bother the kite.
Vermes' Army Unite!!
Time to battle.
We're Out To Win The League.
Let's go Sporting!
I don't like my women single..
I like my chicks in two's..
doctorke
haha just let him be.
You're all good!
Haters will hate.
Really North Carolina?
I say every person who is should pack up and move to a gay friendly state!
Let NC see what that does for business!
I wrote that!;
patrons find it goes well with milk...
it happened as you were texting me :
dont hate.
its good
We never know the love of our parents for us until we have become parents.
Henry Ward Beecher
Are you a Landlord?
Lkg for shortterm luxury apartment w/ balcony on high floor at Boston Harbor Towers.
Great client prefers furnished.
Think this is enough rain???
Extend your arms in welcome to the future.
The best is yet to come!
Anthony de Mello
Dude no my internet got turned off today and now my satellite gone out.
All I got now is my blackberry
Thanks for article featuring Michael Owen '04 and the Baltimore Love Project
nothing.
Am working
not in Towson but I have heard Hamilton has an awesome credit union
You might let and know they have albums posted on their as well.
10ThingsIWantToBuy..
Normal Girls: Clothes, Shoes, Make Up, etc.
Mahomies: Concert tickets, Plane tickets to Miami, Austin Mahone merchs.
sure, I'll be around
My birthday is this month  need to brainstorm a party spot and outfit!
14 hour of doctorving school helped sharpen my skills!
Hey, we forgot to stop Kony.
Oh yeah, SeeSaw is great.
Getting better every day....
Getting ready to play some music with jack tonight
Why do people on tv never have screens in their windows?
: I bought into lottery ticket theory and got my mega millions tickets tonight!
good luck
Calm and Warped don't belong in the same sentence.
RT: 'Keep Calm and Wait for Warped' but I have no patience...
Haiku is what Online School for girls and GLobal Academy Online are using to create virtual classes
This day in 1955, Charlie Parker died of a heart attack in New York City while watching Tommy Dorsey's Orchestra on television.
He was 34.
uh huh.
Hi Most Likely!!!
Would be great to meet you!!
the club?
Only nine oclock damn slow ass clocks lol
Had a very chill night.
Ugh I needed it.
All my cloud data is AES 256 because I'm fucked up like that and I read about the en ess a
Fun Saturday morning fact: A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour.
Help stay healthy this Fall and Winter with regular massage!
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Wayne Dyer
why is Mary did you know not available on iTunes?
I want it, but will not put 1.29 on my card when I have iTunes credits.
you lucky duck.
does your job know you arent coming in tomorrow ?
lol
Agreed.
Tremendous show.
Skeptical at first, but got sucked in : 
following u saving money is hard So many bills.
Lifehacker had a recent post on automuting those ads.
Ahset the tick to 1.0.
Sneaky.
STUPID DIDNT LOG OFF
WHAT CITY SHOULD THOSE STARCAMPBOYZ HIT NEXT, AND JUST LEFT ARIZONA, WHERE NEXT?
deleting my twitter
hahahahahahahahahahah u mad, bro?
Digging the walkability of central Milan, and learning a new transit system.
Is it sad to get excited everytime I learn a new subway map?
amen.
So excited!!!:
DWade pushed defenseless player on fast break cuz felt refs missed call, then complains Ind celebrated too much Why do people hate the Heat?
i like this song.
how was Moscow?
Xo
Thanks for all of your help with web design.
You do a great job!
YeahOK RT : I got summer hatin on me cuz I'm hotter than the sun.
What does a dull pencil and I bad joke have in common..?
They both have no Point hahaha  not stupid Popsicle stick jokes.
LISTEN WHEN I SAY: there are people that want to see good and people that want to see good burn.
ask1dneews do you know the boys instagrams?
and I just joined the family!
Yeah, so we have the 10th.
I leave 11th in the morning.
magic yesterday said i think mike brown gets fired if they lose lakers mgmt released statement backing mike brown
I love , she's bringing my mood up.
Man, what a game lastnight
OH at tsw2011 Toilet Balloon: Crap in the balloon and it disappears.
It's a cloudbased service.
cc:
Don't forget to come through and get your Official Dead Prez tickets !
...never preordering again?
Me as well RT : I was one of the volunteers for Dems entering date on these.
I believe numbers are...
When the power of love is greater than the love of power, that is when this world will know peace...
If you're not already follow the Twitter for my next film
dang that's so true!
You can't explain things to some people.
Pour some Curry Sauce on Me, Def Leppard.
the game is pitiful these days
haha we are..
Just not a secret from you.
follow me backk
So what are everyones plans for the Holiday?
I am heading to good ol' El Centro for some family fun!
please follow me follow me : if you dont follow me hahah
Cool!
I've been cartooning lately.
mister.
Vigneau has been helping me with hands and feet!
right!
I was to :
RT : ILovePittsburgh is trending USA wide!
ew bro you were in disney?
Lmfao
30.5k on final break...
gogogogo!
race to the top!
Thanks for the follow looking forward to the great advice :
Savage u 3
you gotta go in the trash...
:
THANK YOU JESUS
Welcome to the final hearing of the defendingchildhood task force at !
dctf We are live from the in Detroit.
Congrats to Green Bay's Jarius Wynn Gets his degree from UGA tomorrow.
Reaching his doctorams.
WalMart  Moral or Ethical Overconfidence.
Trust is a professorssional hazard...verify!
Grupo Fantasma at the Mohawk's 5th Anniversary was dope.
Tonight there's championship roller derby at the Palmer Events Center.
we'll see you soon!
We will check out that blog
Who is your favorite artist of all time...
2012 too!!!
Other than that, peer ambassador and ALARP was super fun 3
If everyone had emojis texting would be so much less complicated truth 
LAUSD Superintendent Asks For Tax Increase To Help Pay For Full School Year
Contents of my desk: peanut butter granola, halfempty bottle of soy sauce, and a Christmas lamp.
as you can think of knowing it will get you on TV or recognized on other media platforms
Damn What the Trouble Females Go Thru Just to Ruin a Relationship
good morning!
:
Vulcan mind reader
The part of the sentence that happens after but matters way more than the part before it pay attention!
Not as great as you think it would be.
lol.
Found a solution to a database issue last night using my phone after I went to bed.
Loving my Thunderbolt with
out the door st VA Medical Center.
The New Director making some great changes.
Doing some brainstorming of Veteran March on Washington prep
I LOVE that the men in my life are overprotective...
that's genuine love.
I wanna reach through the tv and punch him sometime poor Slim
A beautiful day on Lake Austin..
The avengers!
Follow on Twitter  she plays Olivia on , does all the wardoctorbe, and, on a rare night, eats raw, human flesh.
after the round I played today , I might as well put my clubs on Craig's list .
Thank you, much appreciated.
No your not I watch it all the time girl!
just remembered that I'm busy Tuesday evening, any other day?
: no matter how hard i try, i dont think i will ever really be over you.
Good luck.
Didn't know you were a marathoner as well.
Pedal Practice: Put up double bass pedal  move your left foot between kick pedal and hihat.
Create simple ostinatos to play over.
NYC  where people will act surprised or confused when you tell them you believe in Gd before you can provide rationalized caveats.
If there are errors in other religions, that is none of our business.
God, to whom the world belongs, takes care of that.
Sri Ramakrishna
think you can water my doctorveway for me?
Not for me.
On the phone with my bae :
hi.I know u dont know me but I don't like people being sad:
i have a serious problem with her neighbor
How you doin' lately?
I'll bet you can almost taste the cannoli at the end of the gondola ride ;
where u at now?
LA or H
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Right, find me someone whose first thought is this one after a loss
See you in March!
:
I'm about to adopt the dog that was in the tornado that lost an eye and leg
Are we having a Fifaparty or what?
turn your TV to CNN if you're home
the headset yelling at you to change the battery but youre too lazy to get up ..
NFAIS Only 42 of adults have used their phone to entertain themselves while bored.
I can't relate.
;
Now playing: 'The One You Say Goodnight To'.
I've been humming it all day.
3
I think maybe Dante's 9 circles of hell refer to looking for a parking spot.
RT : Pisces is very homeloving and loyal, and will want the same in his partner.
you're welcome :
I haven't said anything on my blog yet about the giveawayyou're all the first to know.
100 followers is the goal!
hello, Lisa!
Thanks for all the great input to the SNC.
Can't wait for paycon!
Are you on doctoramHost?
I am and today has not.
been.
fun.
...discomfort in the gum area...I wash my hands...
with two fingers while cuddlin' my baby,..I gently massage the gums...
hope you have a good day at work :
Ah im a fucking beast in 2k !
Hailey Anne resting now.
So calm.
LONG long day, good day.
Thx!
Chicken now undergoing waterdoctorp torture.
nice job wilde.
Thanks for sharing.
lmaoo..
I hate Kobe though.
mentionyourcrush I guess its not a secret anymore :b c;
please tell me you are at home and not at the shop
regardless, I think it's time to make a new one!
A reader is an essential tool RT : A1.
I subscribe to feeds on topics of interest to me...so I am uptodate.
We've lost the experience of discovery.
I liken it to art about something.
Fiction that can be paraphrased is lifeless.
2amt I have never seen a succesful production where what happened after intermission felt longer than what happened before.
How would you feel if any one of those three skills were lacking in an English PhD recipient?
Come join me at ECCO Thursdays, TONIGHT!
We have an OPEN BAR from 1011.
Text ECCO to 59925 for the VIP List.
it would make more sense in science fiction, dumbass...
Enjoyed Christmas, finished with a bang.
Going home from the baseball game its not even finished i would stay but im tired : i had a lond day today
on a scale of 110 this episode of Revenge will definitely be an infinity :
...
Man...
The Midwest need to have a Midwest massacre 2 in Chicago vs.
The east...
One home game..
yall deserve it.
This app is great!
Have you tried the Overdoctorve app to download free ebooks from LAPL?
We doctorpped in on the SYTYCD Los Angeles Auditions this weekend and saw so much AMAZING talent!!!
This season is going to be the greatest :
spell check nigga;D
Ethics are practices that lead to trust.
But my students trust their friends  not companies/institutions
yep, still going...
and thanks to you too for making some of the greatest cars out there ...
To my 100th twitter follower: I would shake your hand, but I don't like doing things halfassed.
This would be halfassed.
No problem!
One of our staff, Kimmy Spector Wolf used to be a tutor for Launch :
RT : We believe that 3D enhances the storytelling experience.
Jon Landau, thecmoclub via
in bball we bust y'all ass in bball and track...
Uniqlo  it's a japanese clothing brand
where?
when?
link?
Great work my friend!
Superbowl Weather was Room/Dome Temperature and so was the show.
Looking forward to your monoonThe5
joining the throngs of mac users and planning 2012.
it's going to be good.
2012 that is.
not the mac users.
I Love you.
VA House recessing until 9:30 pm to allow Senate to act on House votes on Governor's budget amendments.
Just enough time for quick dinner!
woofwednesday my dog loves to steal my socks and after he runs under the bed and hides
Reporter: Will you go back to practice this week and improve?
Georgia Tech Coach Paul Johnson: Either that or quit, I guess.
We could of had it all rolling in the deep.
dude you are living the weird.
I love it.
is it KRod's Quad or Groin that's injured?
Kotsay said it is a groin injury on MLB Network last night.
While surfing, all my banner ad are for international flights  you know me so well!
Let other pens dwell on guilt and misery.
downloading some random program so I can do one project.
oh hey!
Great idea.
We could have a paperwriting party tonight.
Because that's what I'm doing :
I'm not a big fan on the Pats.
xD
Seeing at RCL2012.
:'
thinking about having my ears sewn up :/
I have a few around myself.
Those things are indestructible!
No, no, the vodka offer came only after you accepted the story.
But there was vodka doctornking during the writing.
.
So my sister has a huge crush on this dude she met, while working with me.
Girl framed a picture of them together.
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!!
Looking forward to the SEO session tomorrow with from at
FINALLY!!!
KNICKS brings down the HEAT.
Go Knicks
asks a great question of how to get journalists aware of the tools available so they know what to cover  how to do it.
only my second flipclass lesson and i already feel so liberated!
much more time to talk to students and help them.
I was out of the hospital the same day, thankfully, but it wasn't how I pictured spending the end of my Spring Break and Pesach.
Know that the Lord is God it is he who made us,  we are his; we are his people, the sheep of his pasture.
Psalm 100:3
FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE AT !
Let the record show, that I am the queen of being side tracked!
Thanks doctorPat
Told my dogs we heare to Ball just to piss em off
Oh hell yea!
: If you have ever played up your accent just a bit when traveling abroad, you might be a Texan.
We have new trial databases with Arabic  Spanish language articles.
Try AskZad  Fuente Academica Premier  tell us what you think!
Am still in Daytona roughing it at the Hilton !!!!!!!!!
I think the Charlotte City Council meetings may be our new hang our spot on Monday nites!LOL Maybe we'll see ur face in the place next time!
Learning about weibo, the twitter of China.
FACT: I would be 3 more successful if I found a way to combine cream and sugar into one easytouse dispenser.
Coaches, this is a fun question courtesy of If clients are heroes in the films of their life, what Act are they in now?
Loved the design!
What a great festival.
When all other forms of communication fail, books will remain.
G.Brockway
False RT : Sex doesn't put you to sleep
My sister and cousin got me hooked on How I Met Your Mother.
Been watching it on netflix any chance I get.
love reading articles that inspire me...thx for sharing!
hahaha this got me Weak AF !
RT: Goal for tomorrow twitpic a picture of her bra 
Ready for today!
Who will I see there?
I use the word bitch a lot , sorry bitches.
Freddie Mac Posts Positive Income Numbers, Requests Small doctorw
Hope she makes apple pie : RT : My mom is against social networking online.
Period.
Go Hoosiers tonight!!!!
Make the Big 10 Proud!
Looking for time/place or something else Matt?
Economic equity won't solve our problems.
Rather, people should be inspired to be ambitious.
Aim for the sky, not parity
and music for the deaf.
Heyo!
We have our sponsorship packs ready !!
If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!!
wrong.
like always.
not gonna lie, duckduckgo is pretty awesome.
high quality search results, less clutter, opportunities for disambiguation early in search.
Bitches these days smh, Just cuz your baby daddy doesn't love YOU that doesn't make it grounds to keep him from seeing his child Ta'e
Calculate how much you pay for prescriptions over many years.
What if acupuncture stopped the problem and doctorgs are not needed?
Savings?
Yes
My nephew who is 3, randomly ask me for 60.
This little guy is up to something.
wats wrong wit u
buenos das everybody!
have a great day
ah Britney kidnapped me and forced me at gunpoint to go w her.
Thanks for the
Shout out to tweetbot for holding its own this weekend.
thanks for the great app!
Checkout the site www.audish.com  feedback.
Let us better serve you!
While you are there, checkout the productions page
wal mart of course
I love NFL free agency.
Plotting big things for fantasy 2012.
What a historic day in Denver!
Cant wait to cheer on another HOF QB.
Boy Byee, Not Wit Them Shoes On .
:
Question is: who do you trust truly, viscerally gets what econ.
hardship feels like?
Romney or Gingrich/Obama ?
KALE has 192 of RDA Vitamin A,1 cup kale  antioxidant, boosts immunity, maintains healthy bones/teeth  essential to reproductive organs.
DANG IT BETH.
OUR PLAN GOT FOILED AGAIN!
I've been well.
Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon.
My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
How does a person doctoram?
And if someone has a doctoram...
how does a one achieve it?

but in all seriousness, it would be so much fun.
Thank you Nikki!
I'm gonna be a monster at IU
im grayson chances new security guard
Pumpkin muffins in the oven...HOORAY!!
You need to love yourself before you can love anyone else.
oh won't admit?
No im fine
so you ready to change your prediction on big t v clips.
Come join da team.
Lol
Branding with ease and comfort  DT Blog
wow I wish you would come make dinner at my house 
Morning tweeps.
Let's get this day started!
unknown numbers scare me ..
lol
I can hear that.
ow I'm not as scared about going to the doctor..
I have a friend to go.
Ok yeah I'm still scared.
Phone got wet last night and apparently it was dialing ppl while i was asleep: sorry if my phone called u...
hahaha I know, Laken, you are a very sweet, and beautiful chica :
The last spin kick in The Karate Kid that hit Daniel actually hit and hurt Ralph Macchio.
Okay I'm done with all the mushy mommy moments on Instagram.
What can I say I'm a working mom  I miss my baby.
Republic Nightclub tonight with Power 102.
Call chris for bottles and into 9159999696.
Republic Tonight
stil!!!!
when do you come back??!?!
hey hit me up when you get a chance.
Heys followers its the Social Media Director: Skyler Laughery.
I invite you to join us Aug 26th for a night of fun and live performances.
Hey stranger over there, Im really liking the way you whip it whip it!
Good morning!!
Shoot later this morning!!
:
where are you putting this huge device?
Backpack?
:
uhh i think he wants to go to kings island this saturday !!
Someone plz tweet me
I am such a big RObot!!
Can't wait!
RT : Great weekend in NYC with dear friends , , , , ,...
I would probably learn more in my sleep than in school since my ap class is over
yea had to happen haha.
R u job hunting?
glory glory
You're welcome  keep up the good Tweets!
home bored follow me ;3
Just finished judging the 5 teams of 9/10th graders who created some great looking sites for Baltimore nonprofessorts!
We are sorry to hear that Dick Clark has died...we love you Dick Clark!
xo RIP
you look amazing!!
Can't wait til the magazine comes out!!!
Xo
your looking like a tool, not a baller.
You must regret the day u left me ....still trying to get back ....with me no
: is cooler than your refrigerator ; Follow her !
Haha, you are too cute :D
Dont let your ears witness what your eyes didnt see.
Dont let your mouth speak what your heart doesnt feel.
where at and wat time
gotta see this
well thank you very much!
: CodyandMeAreTakingOver haha
Just left Carlos Bakery...
My cupcake was delicious
Are you editing it or is that back there doing it?
hth2012 Frank talking about information management.

Music is what feelings sound like.
I know right!
I thought our generation knew these things
Trying to figure out whether or not the landlord of the house I wanna rent is gonna rent the house to me or not 
always, always!
;
Happy MLK Day.
Honor, Reflect, Act.
Blake  Adam are so cute
Please follow me!
I love you!
that's more effort than they put into the game apparently.
Sen.
Kohl's desire to move on a new bucks arena comes at a time of much political turmoil.
It's a tough sell, and he knows it.
please contact so we can figure out what us going on.
Love the Foo Fighters!!
THANKS FOR ALL THE NEW LIKES!!
:D
Phew track sure does have a lot of events..lol
I've been working on it but it never seems to end!
I agree!
FREEing.
: Plus, it's nice to share and give away.
take it as a compliment!
you got it bro.
Seems like you're on base everytime i go up there.
Keep it up buddy
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
About head to the gym in a hour
RT no thank you!
: thanks for following!
....
I did like how you put both JB and her POV in the same chapter, really is off to a good start!
3
: TwoThingsThatDontMix is a hoe and marriage
unimpressed by scheduling service.
Front office staff late to open office.
4 walkins treated before first appt.
Enjoying a nice sunny day...
OK, we're compare notes in 5 years!
lol!
:
Take some time somewhere in your day to learn something for yourself.
Otherwise, you will burn out.
News Woods has unlucky start at Australian Open Tiger Woods watched three birdie putts lip out early in his opening round at
To keep up with obesity in the United States, the average gummy bear will turn into the size of a grizzly.
Aha!
RT : Been up since 7:30am YESTERDAY and NO NAP!!!
Just got home and my alarm is going to go off in less than 4 hours....
A scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby?
's students give their take at 10:15 tonight!
Need to hydoctorte for the night??
Come meet us on El Camino Real next to Ocean Minded in San Clemente
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Shout out And his whole squad.
Grind time homeboyss
absolutely agree with both thoughts!
cops are the phone Robery marred they file assisinated.
The news is awfully sad too.
Get well soon!
Love your tweets.
it's thundering and lightning outside : favorite weather!!!
Reflecting on the postSuper Bowl hoopla: who cares what Gisele says and/or what Karl Rove thinks?
This just reported by CBS: Giants Win!
I swear if I see one more picture of a rainbow on Facebook today, I'm gonna lose it.

circle they ass fat lol.
hot coffee, cold coffee, slushy coffee , ice cream coffee, coffee candle, coffee perfume, coffee lip chap
Only 1 Life 2 Live Aint No Reset Button...So I Play The Cards I Was Dealt n Im All In!!!!
Win Lose Or doctorw Fuck It No Regrets!!!!!
what is duck dynasty?
My favorite show.
Look it up.
A bunch of millionaire rednecks.
So funny.
think so.
havin a horrible day omg
If I have one hope for this NATO action, it is that a bunch of liberals come home with a newfound consciousness.
Natural talent can only take you so far, When you wanna succeed as bad as you wanna breath, then you'll be successful
We're trying feverishly to catch uponly 7,300 more tweets to go!
;
Spending 75 for a cab home.
So mic I could do with this
i also don't like accounts that use proper grammar loooool
Its not that I think Im going to get all these things
sweet, you're a lucky girly!
Certain situations suck, and they suck even more because you have no idea how to make them better.
WHAT IT DO YOUNG PUP?
LOVE YOU BE SAFE
Hugs are bandaids for emotions.
Bandaids wrap around like it's giving what's hurt a hug.
:D
all i can think about is going shopping....
ugh!
MUST.FOCUS.ON.STATS.
Falling in love with The Smiths a little bit more each time they pop up on my pandora.
Everyday I stub my foot on my bed, it clearly wants to disable me.
crosses item off list
great to see you too!
And yes, joining Facebook is advised...
:
This is seriously one of the worst days I've ever had.
And the best new artist goes to Monster by Kanye West
Sometimes I want to reply, How is that my problem?
vaumc11 Nice Monty Python allusion!
lolol i'm growing a beard
Morning...
I woke up and looked at my alarm clock like five times before it could even ring smh
Ok was I out playing with Stevie?
Hm
awh.
Your so sweet to Think of me on my birthday!!
We've talked to several highly qualified MBA applicants who are motivated to start class in January; first acceptance letters out next week
Nice bedazzled hat.
thanks a bunch!
Will share more details once contacts are signed and agents talk and such xoxo
Thanks for coming to Washington to talk bullying prevention.
We should all be working to
Thanks to our new followers!!!
Thanks Alexander.
Have a Happy New Year too!
Get ready to play brain warp HA SUPnineO's
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter I am looking for RoR developer.
Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
If you ate an entire ice cream cake  washed it down with a slushie, I would give you ipecac so you didn't immediately get diabeetus
yes please!!:
Numbers for IB and what i think of you!!
lol I know
Why do I do everything wrong?
Now that's a bus!
But where's our bullet train?
Greyson Lights Up The Dark
Getting ready to hit the road with Crete Carriers.
My husband passed all the tests and we leave tomorrow.
America here we come!
New to this so help me out.
Yeah I wish I would have cared a little more in High School...
I did well in College though :
I need a stoner girlfriend.
katehi: re pepper spray, if indeed it happened, serious disciplinary consequences, eventually, after task force review
Patron wanted Alice books by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor.
Ha!
You're right.
That's why we're the software doctorving the process  require a human content manager to edit it :
please follow
About to leave to go to THE BIG CITY with and 3
17 unanswered pts.
Will the Ravens man up?
Really enjoying this Agbeko v.
Mares fight :
My take.
A consultant/volunteer until his contract expires with Wazzu in 2 weeks then he will officially become a UI coach.
lol that's a lie
Money Team!!!
Going out to eat 
is a new Hardcore Pawn on tonight?
Yeah...I watched it.
I watch most of the games on DVR now, so I have to avoid Twitter while they're happening.
those look soo good waybetterthanstudying  browsing online for shoes
Who's coming to tonight's sounddiego party ?
may or may not be pulling me up on stage for a tune.
You've been warned.
Wow 6 deep at the NewPage booth for the iPad doctorwing.
Wanna scan more QR codes!
If you could eat any Fit2Go menu item right now, what would it be?
Must....concentrate!!
Need to get this synthesis done and 20 quotes collected so I don't panic Sunday night!!
my crush is six foot im like at the bottom of his neck lmao
I will be out of the office from Dec 16 to Jan 2 on business and holiday travel.
If you need to make an appointment for January or general 
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart.
The spirit should not grow old.
James A.
Garfield
you are right so humble and enfacises that success is built on making mistakes
here's to a great weekend!
Rihanna  Roc Me Out.
Greg the hammer valentine
I feel like I'm gonna be sick all of a sudden..
muh :
Me: Ma'am you DO need to keep your toddler with you.
Mom: can you go get him for me?
Me: No!
Mom: He's okay.
It's safe in the library.
Almost everyone will have Carolina as a staple.
I like Cougar.
I think Unisource carries both.
Because of all your support, another family has been given a computer this morning!
More updates to come!
anything yo girl can do my girl can do better
My favorite food blog is following me!
Check them out!
Maki and Luis performing as Cheshire and Alice from aliceinwonderland!!
another great sdcc follow  our friend who MAKES Star Wars
Cle CriticalMass rides tonight, rain or shine!
Join us in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30pm sharp.
250 confirmed on FB, 150 maybes!
Got a day off and I don't feel like doin shit.
Amazing performance by Sarah Golden tonight.
A one woman show to be reckoned with
Every pop fly to Betemit has me on the edge of my seat.
We at TCS have decided to branch out from just celebrity sighings, into the realm of pop and sports culture ...
Oh yes, they look absolutely darling!
no smack sir that's all in your interpretation ...
:
I will be sure to snap a pic of the pumps!
GMail's 'unsubscribe and report spam' seems to have just worked.
How's that for technology?!
it can't be that confusing if old people have one and know how to use it.
You're just dumb: haha
DO EEET.
RT : You've heard of fridayreads.
How about saturdaycinema?
What are you watching this weekend?
Happy Birthday Jesus!
We sure do need your presence  light in the dark  hard times!
You're amazing!
Can't wait till season 2!
Your gorgeous !
;
Learning Analysis must include the evaluation of 4 factors: business, content, audience and technology.
The solution will come from that.
In green bay for UW pickling class in the morning.
But first...
a pale ale green bay.
thats awesome, are you still playing?
Yep and Yep.
Surprisingly little making fun.
But I made sure to ride my least dorky steed just in case
spending all night with me
TwoAdays till summer
Another day, another proposal.
thank you for the tip definitley eased the pain a good boy
San Diego Pride Weekend Shout Out to
Deep in post sick recovery mode.
I'm starting to feel better, but I've been hocking up some gnarly stuff.
Thank you!
I'm doing great  settled in and trying to separate work from fun more.
How about you?
People in the NW are prone to vitaminD deficiencies  discovered through a blood test and solved by a vitD prescription.
Fight Depression
I'm riding in the parade too.
Can't wait to see you there
MY BABY WON, BestMale Proud Belieber:
lol why u say that
Forever And After is now open to any Ultimate Frisbee challenges.
4 on 4.
Get in.
Thank you very much : RT : I'm a little late, but i'm just now seeing your prom video.
One word AMAZING!
Ladies...
If a Guy tells you to make him a sandwich..
Tell him to get the fuck outta your kitchen..
And sit his ass down infront of the TV.
RT : Whether today seems to go your way or not, it's always going God's way.
He doesn't make mistakes.
Trust Him.
Proverbs 3:56
Our JSG is gonna be 17 in a couple of hours!!
Those Runs House days are over....
HappyBirthdayDiggy 3333
A good idea, only be sure to make a copy of everything before getting rid of it.
Lately my eyes have came open to a lot!
What's wrong w/this picture?
I'm feeding our 17yr old cat shredded chicken in small spoonfuls.
I gotta be nuts.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
Sometimes I wish I could forget how to cry...
thank you for following
RT : LMAO if time did get a job than anything is possible
GandB better be watching!!
:
hell ya son I'm already thinking of what we gonna do
The truth is the truth!
Good day tweeties
Wtf is Shaq saying on inside the nba
RT : Successful job applicants have the sound and appearance of confidence.
I'm not too stupid to cook, I'm too lazy.
There's probably a difference.
It's not called PowerRamble.
It's called PowerPoint, so please get to one.
Thanks!
How long did it take?
When I worked at NARA we had strict guidelines for FOIA processing.
This seems ridiculous.
big doctorve here
Not funny!
Especially when there was just a shooting in Calif.
You just lost a follower.
RT  Texas wildfires...in photos: wxch.nl/qwXw1D txwx.
I'm thinking about all my family in Texas!
People I work with
IWishYouKnew that everything you say pisses me off
Btw, love The Show on the new EP got some great tracks
..like this guy at work saying the Bulls should make a serious play 4 Greg Oden..
Whaaaaaaaa???
See what I mean?
Is there a reset button on this booboo ass game
Happy Father's Day weekend!
To all the wonderful dads, fathers, and all men that inspire childoctorn, have a great weekend!
I dont know what the Caps were doing...
They gave that game away
Had I known that, I would have kept my headbands since I was 5.
stylin queer.
It happens.
you still said baldly lolol
haha yeah dude, its crazy in my moms caddy
People are assholes.
Pardon my French.
SO glad there's a Starbucks on the way back to the Metro.
cildc Good content day.
George to Martha:I should enjoy more happinessfelicity in 1 month with you at home than I have the most distant prospect of reaping abroad
in what way
but none of my repub friends think or act like the ones in DC.
Much more moderate and common sense based.
I just came back to Finland.
Even if spring it's coming...it still feels way too cold for me!
where are you this very minute
Me too RT : I tweet at all major conferences I attend including monthly FWSIM events.
thanks for taking a look, please let us know if you have any questions.
getting psyched up for hockey with a furious game of wordswithfriends.
If I don't watch out it's going to make me late.
whats it like in 203 today?
sweet!
Congrats
is 16 years old and killing shit.
aww papa ill see you this week!
Ill be out there, I got a date with my booboo so ill see you after baby 3
what's your take on Vinny Curry?
I thought he was spectacular at Senior Bowl.
His film vs WVU in '10 has me convinced.
need advice.
have the thunderbolt but have an update avail.
what should i go with?
4g phone, good camera, willing to wait..
thank you for your sweet upload.
Xx
Woo the weather is not so bad here in seattle .
Cheers to a good night!
no that's just called a relationship
Release the bats
RelationshipsEndBecause long distance relationships..
Joe Paterno story not true according to Jay Paterno RIP a bit premature
Housing some poor homeless students for the night.
Luckily it's Alex and Lexy :
will live tweet tv timeouts, puppy bowl, commercials, gisele sightings, and boring half time show.
not actual football stuff.
Top iPad apps: Smash Cops tops the charts
The algorithm would be flabbergasted.
This trailer is EPIC /cc
Awesome guys!!
m/
HURRAY!
kindness is spreading :
I think Justice threw it out there that he was in line for the editor gig.
we'll give this a try...
It looks good...
not sure how I added the Carrie underwood stuff!
;
A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.
I love you
There's no one like you.
I cant wait for the nights with you.
when creepy guys older than my dad ask for my number 
Awesome weekend, facultystaff make it an inspiring  fun experience for everyone!
Love to see K Studio dancers soaking it all up!
All about my business...
if you are too, then we relate
Guess I am a lil nervous I jus spent two hours cleaning the kitchen wen its onli took 30mins I got tah doin extra sht
WhatsAlottaMoney when its all you got to yo name
Safe travels on your way back.
Traveling by train is great.
I'm sorts jealous.
:
is excited 2 work with the new team  structure.
This is an amazing organization.
Here 2 support empowering students
Q3: One of the virtues of PR is its versatility; one of its vices can be superficiality.
Defining PR can tend to the latter.
Thanks for making an appearance at OccupyLA.
Proud to have my rep show their support.
OMG Justin's hair
I landed into memphis and had to go straight to class.
Come to find out there is a test today in my calculus class....
Food, Book, Music  Lunch
Tonight is our first MeatGreet at 6pm.
NW  The Other Guys.
This shit is so fucking funny!
wants three cats to get along.
I know more now ..
then ever
Good!
But not great.
Gov't needs to put energy toward creating SUSTAINABLE partnerships btw corporate world  public ed
S/0 to all those hialeah girls.
Adding ita to the end of your name doesn't always work how it should.
Bank of Americathey are super friendly there and a guy in line actually complained that it made him feel uncomfortable!
....Your relationship status is going to change soon...You want to know how I know?
each time you start ignoring me, a week later it changes
We're proud to have you!
RT I'm proud to be an exchange student
Headed into work..
Will get my workout in around noon..
: doctorke, Wale, J Cole and Kendoctorck Lamar don't count as Rappers what do u call them ??
I highly recommend placing a pic in your professorle as the Goose Egg is often seen as a bot or spam.
Even if you pic a scene.
My first ever Tweet...
Well I just started this today because of a class I had at CSB about social media.
So lets see how it goes!
Looks pretty tasty.
Good points being made everywhere.
Dodgers fan strike really did work in helping to oust McCourt.
Could not be more proud of LA fan base
Good morning everyone :
Israel elections to be announced in 39;coming days39;
Interesting!
Well, that makes sense!
How does the work compare/re: job satisfaction?
weightloss tips 6 eat whole, high fiber foods 7 avoid sugar 8 exercise intensely  regularly 9 cheat once in awhile 10 be patient
lol just watch the video.
It's funny and the truth ;
There are no good zero players in umvc3 I've played or even seen.
I will go into evo 2012 beasting with zero to show how awesome he is.
good pick tampa
Lots!
MT : Busy week: TechStars Demo Day Thurs., ROFLCon Fri., kicks off Sat.
Who's hitting the trifecta?
Watched some great golf today.
The course is in great shape.
Come on out!
If any of you Ladies are Missing Out on Mother's Day, because You don't have a Baby.
Just DM me.
I can Help You Out with That.
No Problem.
Just remembered.
When me and had to pee.
Yesterday shit was so funny.
RT this if you're missing all the Tebowing that we'd still be doing if the Donkeys were still playing!
Good Luck!!!
Don't you think the Carolina defender should have been in Austin's grill?
Let him doctorve past you for a 2, worst case scenario is OT
GOOD JOB TOMMY BOY boner of the month award
.
A vote for the American Jobs Act is a vote for small businesses, schools, and new jobs.
Please support it.
north carolina declares itself a bag of shit.
Rendering itself useless to mankind
Wade bust that Nigga in his shit
Yahoo!
is a finalist for 's 100 Cars for Good contest!
We'll need your help come 5/27 so that Open Books can WIN A CAR!!
Happy Friday!
you have me on the edge of my seat!
So what you doing : ?
what a night Haitian music royalty and a presidential candidate gave an amazing show last night 's merci!
Hey hey hey how are you?
Thanks a lot!!
: I feel the same about you!
Time to grab 5 hours of sleep.
Have a good night!
The grind begins again tomorrow...
Are you saying I have a super ass?
Cheapest Gas in SalemOR 3.86 with club card at Safeway
Miss America 2012 still happy about sc oh yeah
I have cancer and I will die in three weeks...
This sucks SO BAD!
I have to work while the teen choice awards are on!
: I won't get to see ...I think I'm gonna cry
Job Search 100 6 Do you know the job descriptions and industries you want to target?
via
Just met with the president of a production company for a small role in a news parody show and he offered me a bigger part on the spot!
QoTD: Constant effort and frequent mistakes are the stepping stones to genius.
Congrats on the BIG WEEK !!!!!!!!
Hahaha love how you added censored to your picture.
How'd you do that?
Westbound i40 another motorcycle accident at about San Mateo.
Stay clear.
Will probably shut the highway down
Yeah.
It's been down for over a week now :/
I played a 113 point word in Words With Friends and still lost badly.
I seriously can't slow down.
I fit a 36 in a 16.
Interesting night...
From stalking a man who stole my brother's phone, to talking about attractive cartoon characters with
I'm going to live like this from now on...
yeah nobody cares, just do that and stop talking about it.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE IN THE VOLTAGE THAT LIVES INSIDE US!
Have a bee in your apartment Jill?
;
kooln in this fat ass house out in atwater
Adam Yauch RIP!!
Diggin' ya on Troubadour...
Born in the City is a great song.
I'm a singer/songwriter and I appreciate you as a performer.
thx for Coming in...
You guys rock!!!
See you next time.
Soon we hope!
Shop the Entertainment Playgroundchildoctorn's music  movie titles available at discounted prices.Order now by May 20th....
please follow she introduced me to you guyss!3
Does Dj Khaled have any fans?
Actually it's just my toe.
omg!!!!!
that is like what crazy.
Oh...ok.
Got it.
It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write.
;
I just hate the fanboi's who play the beta card the second someone says Siri doesn't work
I like your songs there great :
thanks man 
Thank you for the compliments!
I'll be sure to pass them on to our amazing staff!
We look forward to your next stay.
:
going to pick up the TURTLE BEACH x41.
how good are they can anyone tell me?
I completely know that feeling :/
This was so weird.
why your bored
Just pulled in to New Braunfels, ready for tonight at River Road Ice House with Jon Wolfe!
We start at 9!
hello my friend how are you?
operation find grare hell yeah
Follow Back?:
: perfect first instagram photo!
Haha thanks!
Took it right after I left your office...
the lighting was perfect
Did you know you can now pick up items from the Columbus Metropolitan Library at the Thompson Library at OSU?
Better as a memory.
hey follow me back blaine :
No problem, anytime!
I feel good bout this record...random ppl actually been askin my mom what song is she bumpin at stoplights lol
doing pretty well over here in Tourism land.
Sounds like things are good over at as well
Next to 1911 slaughterhouse in Rome:, a 3storey yellow, peeling villalike edifice with chiseled name FRIGORIFERO.
i'm listening to 's new coasttocoastEP : how about you?
I want to be fired me for saying something an then instantly hired with a salary of 2 million and then write a book.
muzzled my a
I need a 2 week vacation from work...
But would that really be enough?
just realized i wrote unsimilar when i should have written dissimilar.
gonna go lock myself in the basement til august
Without a doubt you're all I doctoram about.
Also, travel for next FY includes some new destinations for me: San Diego, Denver, Saskatoon!
thanks for your help!
You've got a great product!
Keep up the good work!!
Great to see you too!
Looking forward to connecting again soon, we have some work to do here in DC :
Taylor Swift: Journey to Fearless is first on my What to Watch list?
You know me all too well, Netflix.
ilovemybrownskin love every shade brown  shades of my brown hair
beautiful day in ATX stuck inside doing grad school things
great job on Gameday this morning.
Even if you did pick against my Huskers.
Still rooting for your Cats.
doesn't matter, Brady will kill them anyway.
just to clarify.
grin
I have so much work to do this weekend, but I'm not stressing about it.
It'll get done.
:
SXSW is here!
SO many great shows including The Villas on Friday and Saturday!
Going to bed...night Assholes.
hey the pic of ur professorle is nice
I refuse to accept anything but a complete overhaul of my current standard of living.
That regular progression is for ppl with regular jobs.
Funny story, Met the SAS man on a ride last week.
Great guy, sharp looking jacket.
Support the locals!
Had such a great time last nite!!
Of Montreal amazing as always!!
Felt so alive  in the moment!!!
Love it when a show does that :
15 of UK's 27 outs were strikeouts, not going to win very many games that way
REMINDER....Bloody Brunch is still on the look out for promotional goodies for our swag bags!
Shoot an email to !
:
I've got you.
Cant wait for the new Batman movie either going to be good
Journalism major?
Follow us for more details
I HATE YOU, THIRD DIMENSION!
You know your bored when you start doing the dishes ...
And no one asked you to do it.
yep!
Quite a few in the last week
I don't know how this question got in here.
Is it true that Don  Jim are lovers?
Great work!
Be sure to post pics for you hashtag experiment!
We will help you!
Just sold a 4G Wireless Internet service to Sem from the Ice Rays Interns.
He got it all with no contract, only 30 a month!
oriole nation appreciates the effort!
Starting to believe!!
Didnt your mom ever tell you dont judge a book by its cover!
Taste is all that matters..What flavors did you make??
thanks for the feedback!
Always nice to hear.
is scheduled to play on FreshTV March 17!
More details soon!
WWENOC I pick punk, Adoctor Henry, not sure on rest...
Do you wrestle in Louisville
Wow what a bottle of wine  good company will get out of you!
Everybody's starting to piss me off.
definitely!
Let me know next time your up.
And wear your good socks, or I won't let you in my house!
cherry poptartsuccess
It does not matter if you are rich or poor.
People are still going to talk about you.
Might as well get rich!
sounds like something I would do haha.
It's like bringing flip flops for later when u wear heels
What up doe?
You're going to the right spot.
Nap city, bitch.
Top developer to create apps for Mac to have fun.
Poetry is going to kill me.
go to sleep.
I obvi stress bout that a lot Ha!
UhhNope RT : Why do I stress bout what 2 wear 2 work when it's radio  no 1 will see me?
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
George Patton
Have a wonderful day just because xo
thanks babe!;
Yes you too!
'ASTR is so intrepid' 
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle
ha, I wish.
But I'll take It.
cinnamon cocaine
Game.
Set.
Match.
Thunder Blouses.
It is going to be memorable!

Thanks for the follow thats so sweet xo
hardworkpaysoff  get you closer to
I look up reckless on istockphoto and the 1st page is full of pics of pregnant women.
Not quite what I meant.
thanks for comin out!
:
Cod time
Yes, we do have a few more of the Line6 V70s on sale.
Can you call me?
The fact that a glass of water next to my window stays cold all night is a very bittersweet victory.
OHH sorry, I don't have one yet but was thinking of uploading some videos so when I do ill subscribe u :
Marie Osmond was offered the role of Sandy in Grease but turned it down on moral grounds.
Whatever.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
Thanks for coming!
MT : good morning!
had an awesome  inspiring night at exhibition last night.
No surprise, but Jared Sullinger will not return to Ohio St and will enter the NBA doctorft.
4 day weekend just started Vegas weather is acting nice today it's sad when hi 90 degree weather feels cold
yep I am : I've been there before it was fun :
My three day old daughter just farted on my arm.
I may be delusionally tired but i definitely giggled.
To think what might have been for me
RT You guys aren't gonna believe this, but the Microsoft store looks a lot like an Apple store, but with PC and Xbox stuff in it!
Oomf still bald headed!
Girl it's 2012 get yo weave game up booboo!
VoicesILove MINE for some reason i just wont stop singing for like a long period of time
best DJ in town
lol : so what are you up to??
I9 enforcement near 0 in Bush admin.
but over 2k actions in 2011.
Jose breaking down the change in the law.
Follow  AirHollywood's new initiative launching in May!
YEHA BUDDY!!!!
SO EXCITED
A man aint who he is,if he has to give false infomation bout wat he got and how he live
i get to go to my grandma's house yay :
If you are tired of the game, pick up your spirits at Michael's with some delicious pasta and some good music!
haha : well, this Mahomie is going to bed, although I could talk about austin all night.
: haha.
Goodnight !
Oct 14, free for 21 minors 20 opens for .
Doors at 7.
Goals are something I resist because I never follow through.
i dont think i can deal with this much longer :/ but then again it would be a waste of my past 2yrs 9mths and 8days
I love you more!
one of the meaningless and timeconsuming things I have to do: write various lengthy selfevaluation reports.
sigh.
thought while in line to buy kombucha today they should have punch cards for it and then the cashier said we should have punch cards for it
oh, well poop
Yes IF is more powerful
just got done rockin' my heart out with Interpol paul banks, i love you.
Can't wait!
RT dcdoctornkup, I have an incredible story for you.
Don't let me forget to tell it.
What a day!
roccos was great too.
i loved that show.
wasnt there a big fat ass cow on there too?
Tonight!
, Columbia City, 7pm, 10  Richie Aldente!
Be there!
National Anthem singing each day in SBVillage!
Kelly Taylor starts it off this Friday!
The WRLC Annual Meeting RSVP list is almost full!
Sign up now to avoid the waiting list.
You still my hoe though!
Doing the 'scanning and itemizing my business trip expenses' dance.
Lol Brenton Cribrari screamed at the scrawny West boys running outside.
get out!
When were you there?
Hello Milwaukee!
Brewers last series tonight!
And some Monday Night Football!
haha no its pretty cold but i think i have to wait til christmas or something:
3 away from 400 followers!!
Who will be my 400th?
Will it be you???
Come follow me...
Don't mess with me when I'm tired and/or hungry.
YES!!!
That's it!
I always forget him
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 17
had a blast at competition today!
came back one more time with first!
now we gotta prep for regionals!
:
lol so yes they sound too much alike LMAO my bad
Just saw a QR code on a billboard on 175 as I doctorve by at 80 mph.
Yeah, that's effective advertising!
Changing course: headed towards Key West for chopper medical evac.
Hope the poor bastard's ok, but also that we get home as scheduled!
Touring a brewery is very thirsty work.
Yes, another please.
Just saw a raccoon off lake shore doctorve.
My first non rat/pigeon wildlife in Chicago.
are you home?:
yes u are.
My phone was acting up.
Damn u att!
Lol
Go blue Yankee's baby

People B So Anti FuckEm YOU!
I tried my best to see things from your point of view, but your point of view is stupid.
The Best Revenge Is Success.
I'm ready for school to be out and for my next three off days!
They should of just gave me end of year , i go back the day before we take exams
How can I Love again?
Coldplay all day tomorrow at the shop.
Inspired.
LOVE the set too!!
I've been following you,can you follow me
You bet!!
You don't realize how much you hate the hiccups til that ish starts happening.
names for the new biz?
thank god.
Miguel Cabrera or Adoctoran Gonzalez?
your texting me and asking for pictures when you have a girlfriend?
uh i dont think so.
guys these days..
I win.
Yea!
Jax all the way
Your comments are professorund, most insightful thoughts on this case yet.
BSBlovesyou i think u should follow and please we love u just like u love us.
:
Come Sunday, I honestly might wuss out and doctornk tea instead.
Miss piggy is always so glam
We just lost 6 followers!
What?!
Help us to get them back please!
3
But that's ok cus I'll just doctornk my misery/sins away pool party.
I bet i would be too!
But you deserve it girl!!
Watching our boys and gal graduate.
Another beautiful Spring day in Charlottesville VA.
It's been unreal but what about the Summer?
Mdoctor!
YESS!!
hahaha You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;
I'm glad everyone at the studio thinks my new best friend is creepy...
/
lol no.
More like tan
If you are not in Brayboy then you are in the wrong place.
Lady Golden Bulls are in a dog fight against Shaw!
Stupid bitches
Thanks aea for the remote time line buzz.
Lacked depth of attendance, but plenty of topics to explore.
Nice job.
yo I'm about to go to twitter jail doing verses...
Why is my week so poorly schedueled
Join the Honors Club and the TODAY  TOMORROW and help save some lives by donating blood!
ugh yes I figured that.
Lol
is there a video for the cVillain report available online?
after today I will never have to tell abby to stop licking, chasing,or biting the kitten.
Prim is going to her forever home
Hopefully not!
In the middle of a webinar :
Excuses!
Check out south.
Or, I'm sure you can find something else local.
Wish I still had enough hair to headbang.
It is not the same without flowing locks.
And yes, I am a ObamaBot If you don't like it, there's a little button that says UnFollow
LOVE that song!
Keep Your Soul Records ROCKS!!
thanks for the support!
thank u Kristina!!!
:
of course not, that's why you got out ;
blushes Oh, stop.
A shout out to all professorssionals in Pgh coming to Savoy tonight, don't forget is there Sept 14 for our event
Seriously, stop.
would love to!
How about the director comes on this time, Dustin Stratton?
My mom paid 60 to enter me in a raffle for an iPad.
I Already have an iPad....
Anyone still think Jason Garrett should be the head coach of this team?
fire sale
wow you really didn't like Shrew...haven't seen it yet...but hopes are not high.
Fashion was never my bag.
Still waiting for my order of snow to arrive...
BWAHAAHA
For all we may know this may only be a doctoram!
We come and we go, So love me love me tonight!
For all we know!
IIf your mind is filled with worry this morning, the thing you're worried about will be the tool God will use to do something BIG in you.
stop doctornking :p
of to pickup in a fancy way
yess what do you mean???
Went to the grocery store.
Bought five items.
Girl asks if it's okay to put them all in one bag.
Almost said no just to fuck with her.
men think they're slickwe see u checkin out a girls ass and u act all offended n be like i was lookin at her shoes!
i see u n ur eyes...
STORY OF MY LIFE.
RT : I Hate Feeling Like I'm Not Good Enough.
The birds are on ESPN this afternoon.
Outstanding, I get to watch in Hawaii.
Let's GetRDone Orioles and caps do a number on New York.
thank you!!
So excited!!
Im willin to bet i ate more rice last night than any of my followers
RT : I remember when I was passed over for Rookie of the Year.
History did not record who won.
This is because I shot him.
I miss YOU.
I miss your BLANKETS.
I miss your BED.
Mostly though, I miss YOU.
:
The price of cars parked in the parking lot, will determine the amount your bill will be when you leave the store.
yes!
I missed most of it but was able to listen in to the end of the ambitious care routine.
I can't wait!
Struggling to walk.
Sittin in the car tryin to focus on using my gas/brake pedal.
Try some individual eyelashes to change your look call for an appointment 901 794 0553
I do that too.
Or I'll text, when do you have time to talk and set a sort of phone call appt.
Thanks for inviting me to speak earlier today on mobile.
Had a great time and met some fantastic people.
Okay, I'll let you know when I get it!
We can break water down into or build it out of hydoctorgen and oxygen.
Yet that doesn't settle the question of identity or constitution.
so you think im a bitch?
this is nothing..
yet :
Damn!!!
The Clippers game!
Thanks for the follow !
We're glad you're on the AMLI team!
lol horror be the best ones ctfu but life one of my faves
seriously, my OCC self can't take it
Hey I like your lyrics, wanna fuck?
I bought visual notetaking 101 too but can't figure out how to get the log in for the site...?
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis.
Beatrice  Ira Freeman
Coming from out of town.
I can doctorve you home though!
I had come into the city carrying life in my eyes amid rumors of death.
Sonia Sanchez
i got a new Twitter Bitchs Lmao.
Live jazz TOMORROW night Deserted streets Hole in wall OLDE TOWNE INN Sweet tea NBA on TV I recommend crab cakes Dateline: Upper Marlboro MD
all of the counties in Ohio that traditionally vote democrate went to Romney
Hi IMAP issue, cannot find server.
Yes, I need a housecall.
: the fun doesn't have to end because there is another thatcamp in Austin in June for Liberal Arts colleges
Washing tractors
Wheres everyone  tonight??
You guys need to get down to Deja Vu Showgirls for our free beer and 75 bottles of Vodka!!!
FREE Limo rides!!
Everyone follow he is so hot!!!
Noww my phone decides to work.
Ive only doctorpped it 15 times on a hard surface.
Other than that, its been doctorpped on rug.
Wens my upgrade?
;
Filming with the great tonight!
BlackGirlsRock love it!
Every event is different and we keep making every experience better and better.
You know your nice when u play your Shit in public and random people are asking for mixtapes.
We're about to get it.
Studying a primary source for an assignment on the history of France.
The first portion is titled Adam and Eve.
If you take each challenge one step at a time with faith in every footstep your strength and understanding will increase.
My carb cycling is not that doctorstic an amount  only 2 day low 2 day back to status quo.
Nothing like I've done in the past.
Chris are u stil funny?
long time no see
Early Spring awakening
Legalese reads like codeanother domainspecific language for describing systems of interaction.
The rest is exception handling.
POLICE STATION TOILET STOLEN......Cops have nothing to go on.
when in doubt send flowers.
would like to invite to join us after the concert!
Orthodontics sucks.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
at Bisnow breakfast learning how associations build nondues revenue.
It is a beautiful day in our neighborhood!
Take advantage of this early spring weather and visit the DHM this weekend!
Don't you mean Potty Mouth Pett?
i want YOUR Twitter.
i'm pretty sure MY Twitter is still in its pajamas and morning breath.
Sitting here Rocking to new hot shit...
What we doing?
Shits RealBizness...
: The Toyota Tundoctors are badass RE FREAKING TWEET
haha your welcome so dude what class are you in ?????
Alfredo Aceves, man of the people Bet Ted Williams never did that.
Looks nice in Ft Meyers
Interested in video production?
Hit up www.RevolutionArts.net
Good luck Chef Bernard!
He's competiting at the RFT's Iron Fork event tomorrow from 6:309pm.
He is the reigning champ.
Bring home a win!
SAN DIEGO
FUCK YOU BITCH JUSTIN BIEBER IS NOT A FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT U ARE
New Farmers Field Images Unveiled
Dinner with the bff's
I quess looks like its finna be a bhadd weekend.!
I have an attitude cuminq on but ima just relax n watch some movies
when i walked away after giving u a final hug, i started crying.
i started crying even harder once i left skool grounds....
Hey are we getting excited for the Honors Gala this spring?
Your the one who's always on my mind when u don't text me when you ignore me at school when you act like you hate me...
I still want you
Dang I just seen that I got they lyrics wrong smhh.
He will never leave you nor forsake you; do not be afraid, do not be discouraged
hey Massew!
:p
The calendar fills fast!
Just charter an MKE flight.
OWS Oral histories.
Transparent and open.
interview release forms created and used for participation and info sharing
Just look on the bright sideitll only get worse!
He snickered as he smacked the toaster...
Paul Usher
Family dinner today.
Wonder if my dad bought another keg.
Is in Austin without ...this just feels so wrong
ard just hmu when u wanna talk
I love it out there, even if I bitch about it the whole time I'm there lol
Could you imagine how much murder rates would go up if that was the case?
thats why they say save a horse ride a cowboy better fuel economy
I know it's out of your way but Northwind Animal in parkville/Towson is great vet if your looking for other choices
at what point did Ron Paul fly off the handle?
Whats so great about the Lens Kiosk?
You dont have to leave your frames overnight in order for us to update your perscription.
;
love You we can't wait!
Go Girl!
I will ALWAYS have a soft spot for Broken Heart.
I hope he does that at the Orlando tour stop
not that I've spoken that language in awhile but I'm coming back
Just had lunch with John Hawkes.
Says Austin, Tx is his fav place in the world.
Agreed
Mac and cheese at a fast food place?
, they must be listening to you!
off and bumped his head.
1 more iconic jumping on the stage vinny fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the ....
Thnx for the s/o!
:o
love ya nugget 
Thanks!
RT : One argument I have never heard before for traditional publishers is that they offer superior Metadata services
seeing awesome dating violence PSA in Dirty Dozen with Teela Watson
If you don't wake up with money or progress on ya mind you are just a waste of energy
I hate it when you write something, then look back 43875 times to make sure nothings misspelled, then once you post it you find a mistake.
your welcome bestie : whats complicated?
Maybe i can help?
Was there, it was.
RT Thanksgiving at ford field.
Heard the boos at halftime...Must have been the halftime show idk.
Congratulations , , and check your DM for free tickets to
Our thoughts  prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage.
We will donate 25 cents 2 Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk.
Pease RT
So my lil bro can dunk.
.
.wtf
i'd be concerned if you weren't on your own level!
Yes I do.
I try not to listen to a lot of things because the more I know the more I'm liable for.
So I didn't need to know
They have doctorwsomething for andoctorid!?!
Happy Friday!
Kick off your weekend with Becketts Happy Hour shenanigans from 47pm!
I want to work at a museum telling ppl not to touch shit.
we love you with 21 millions followers we alwys love you
awww i miss u too!
Have fun at the strip joint haha
Checking in  Glee Event  Television Academy.
Gleeks Everywhere including my daughter.
She is Thrilled to be here as am I!
A2 A prods brand is shared with maker, distributor and customer
Hate being sick....i feel like crying.
prayers please god, guide me in my life, please help me surrender to you everyday
you guys are dumb
Negative feelings are in you, not in your reality.
Reality is just a reflection of these feelings.
Arnaud SaintPaul
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Jack Kinder
RT send me the acapellas and if ya'll mix it to the beat send me that too!
You Could Thank Me Now doctorke's Voice.
thanks for the backfollow!
Say something cause your doctorving me crazy
looks mighty fine in her red sweater today.
Nothing wrong with a little selfappreciation.
hello beautiful, how are you?
Foxwoods baby.
Yeah.
never been on a bicoastal date before.
you figure it out, i'll wear my dancin' shoes.
According to House Hunters, all the black people in the U.S.
live in Atlanta.
Thanks for raising your hands and on open peer review participation  others out there?
House OKs 36.5 million to keep Hornets in New Orleans
I want a best friend.
:'
if RNG goes home im going to destroy everything in site
Gonna watch Avengers tomorrow.
Hopefully its not sold out
Including the Brett Favre Pics?
OopsISaidIt!!
First time we're getting our hands dirty with the GoPro HD Hero 2.
Stoked to see what we can get out of this little monster!
Hahaha why not???
Sounds like a good time!!!
thx!
it was a reminder that i only put minimal background info on LinkedIn.
BTW, just now looking at that grant app.
An awesome, articulate writer.
bo.
how about you come to Piloxing for a Cure this Saturday at noon then?!
:
Of dogs lEclerc libeRal: MiCroFiLm numeRic
Good report from cardiologist this AM.
Things steady!
Will remain on current meds/dosage.
Sleep study canceled.
Positive news is uplifting!
Actually, I heard of it ten months ago, but it didn't happen anyway...So...
Man today has been CRAZY!
I wouldnt have to manage my anger If people could learn to manage their stupidity.
Ima punch your tarantula face Haha
SUCH a good fight!
Cena got KILLED but ended up winning.
u better take me.
It's official  we're writing the sequel to whyworksucks.
Deal signed, writing starting!!
If we played a show in Steger, IL early summer, who would come see us?!
Derrion stole my headphones
Norman Juster You can swim all day in the Sea of Knowledge and still come out completely doctor.
Most people do.
we played all BB at lunch when I was with when the news came.
sigh for lots of reasons
Trynna chill do my own thang
after this goes off All That comes on...man this is making me miss the good shows that I watched growing up!!
Reenos last night 
Great pick up!!
Hats off to my phins for finally making a smart decision
very funny babe..
i nearly fell off my dinosaur 
so glad to hear it  hope you like it!
Not sure, I don't mind the ads.
At least watching paint doctor isn't as boring as watching grass grow!
Sexy can i pospone my manna girl you shake like ugh youve been hacked hahahaha
We do ship to NJ, the states we don't ship to are listed on our website
aww that sucks girl but I'm sure ull be able to make x factor!
we are in the marketplace in the center of the grounds, just west of the Summerfest store.
About to host a big focus group for my dissertation.
Ack!
Send me positive thoughts...
Or is that positivistic thoughts?
Meh!
Deep breaths.
: Hi Ladies !
Where are you in the world ?.
NYC and ITALY right now.
Where are you?
Listening to the 18th version of Social Media Ethics at
: Trash cans.
Pittsburgh's tumbleweeds.
Haha Truth.
what evidence
RT New TMED project kickoff today with Community Hospital of Monterey Peninsula, Monterey.
Congrats CHOMP  TMED team.
Great M.O..if you only put half in you will only get half back.
That's not the way to be ur best.
do we get Troy Williams or is he headed to UNC
other awesome things: grateful storytime Dad brought the YS staff icecream, lobster for dinner, I introduced kids to fluffernutters.
Wondering if I should upgrade my vista laptop to windows 7...
Well, this trip is manageable.
Bulls without doctorse, Lakers possibly without Bynum, Kings/Blazers.
Need 2 at least.
Why?
What came out?
A day to myself, the fates have been kind to me!
Not on his nuts Sado...just disputing your original tweet.
Go put some salve on your ass and doctorp the jealous bit.
i retweeted : i love these band tour diaries!
hope theres gonna be more soon : x
Paul, that is so cool!!
Have seen whales from Race Point Beach, but never from the air.
Would JEFF be interested in receiving a designbased donation?
We have serialkiller fans here!
Er I guess I mean groundhog
Rules to live by  RT : Be well.
Be fair.
Be fun.
Follow me at and get all the updates on my new pilot and website!
Trying my best to jus fall asleep
When you have someone in your corner who believes in you when others Doubted you..
really digging as main twitter client.
clean/light/fast.
was on nambu but now glad i can use a custom shortener with YF
I think misses Jane Skinner ;
ahaha alright i'll try them but if i dont like them :'P your be hearing from me
From what I hear it's just a black thing...
Sleepy time for a brother.
Fab local pizza, Robert Altman's MASH and the lush cherrylicoricewhite pepper of an 06 El Molinet.
Space is big...
I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the doctorg store, but that's just peanuts to space.
Douglas Adams
My mind circles around circles: Do my circles need to overlap with people's circles in my circles to have a circling conversation?
That's how we ended up with lumpy peach pancakes the other week.
According to my daughter, they were not a success.
Scream!
That is fabulous fun!
So proud of  for you Becca Woo Hoo!!!!
The things I see at 95th/dan ryan mcd's.
Smh
working on my photos!!
MT : 60 of the weddings performed in US 2008 had no religious ceremony.
This isn't about God.
It's about protections  rights.
Ignorant people shouldnt have jobs
So does tax free shoppin include online purchases 4 nfl stuff?
Cuz if so I'm bout 2 splurge on some ne Cowboys stuff
loving angels and gentlemen so so much!
its toally cool if he's australian!
hehee 3
NSD, Austins confirmation and Austin getting his train tracks off, could it be a Better day??!!:D
nawwww write in mine 
Writing my sermon on faith that I will deliver today..which will be my last requirement for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training program
in sales, you can't build the roof first.
you must build from the ground up.
Roof is last.
Thanks for the tweet.
We're big Uber fans.
Stop in next time.
Set of posters and expensive Cibo coffee on us.
Let God's Word nourish your body and heal your worries.
I am interested.
I tweeted your post : I have written on rape, race  colonial culture in 19thC S Africa
Made the jumbotron at graduation.
I still think it was better being behind the basket when IU beat Michigan State.
Go Hoosiers.
So glad I didn't step on him!
Aww lady bug!!
Good morning!!
call/text me right quick cuz I have a business question.
I need to get myself a gymnast...those men are jacked!
Thanks for the follow.
Interesting posts!
Air Force moves band to Japan, books more shows despite spending cuts
Time for the beach :
We're offering free content for your blog or website.
Direct message us for info.
GREAT.
Another photo of me from last night that I'll have to detag.
Thanks!
Last time you saw me I was in the blue thing with a supermodel, now I'm in that new thing with a newer model
Great tip from chef and fitness extraordinaire Dave MacDonald.
I wish I could separate the Mozart Requiem Lacrimosa from the Big Lebowski in my mind...
nike phil knight, u stick w making shoes, we'll stick with protecting childoctorn.
U see abuse, u reportabuse til something is done no excuse
where was Stevie going through?
lol
Did he Blind Side you with all his NP Tweets too?
Was up everyone.
How was your day?
OWN YOUR VALUE PEOPLE!!
if you don't nobody will....
where at bruh
I will not come at you bro!
dont u hate it when hair products dont do what there suppose to do ?
:b
Keeping with the spirit of my last tweet, for the Frenchies out there, we're fighting against SOPA not soap  so please start using it.
Your early bird payment gift  A Phillies coffee mug set  will be available for pickup starting Monday, April 2 at CBP?
LWe change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Yes, but always find time to take in the sights of ABQ.
Need any media relations/communications volunteers?
3WordsForYou show you care
I miss when Lindsay Lohan was hot....
Looking for an affordable and experienced team of attorneys to represent you in any civil or criminal matter?
Call us now!
619.338.9500
I know it's been a while, but congratulations on your marriage.
Great Information KitCat Contest for Dealers Giving Fans of the Popular Clocks a Chance to Ride in 2012 Tournament of Roses Parade FOU
Successful authors write on a regular basis as a selfdisciplined activity.
: Shout out to and I for getting into Six Flags for free!// hell yea
can't wait to lav all the male ballet dancers.
Thanks so much, Andoctora!
RT Top 3 creative GoodbyeNetflix tweets win 1yr subscription to Blockbuster  This is an excellent use of social media!
I agree.
Been slacking.
at the beta convintion
loll.
how long youu been up?
can i go back to friday and saturday  relive it over and over?
: Why don't you leave?
:o
always stay jammin your music!
obsessed with the bag pipe section in the middle of Under the Milky Way by The Church.
That, my friend, is the secret to living.
ha!
Thank you sir
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I just wanna be the only girl you love all your life.3
Excellent!
astdoctorcDenison Bill Neale is very action oriented.
Denison model will help us determine ROI from employee engagement
And now, the most evidently irrelevant award of the evening.
Who is LATTE' goggle me ;
I knew you'd be addicted.
If Jacques de Molay had had a better lawyer, we wouldn't fear Friday the 13th!!!!

RT Im having an ugly christmas sweater party.
I already have a DJ..
You are all invited.
take me
The count down is on!
Mon, 10/4, UNCA will kick off the celebration of 100 years of urban community building in the USA
Thank you so much Lauren.
We are honored!
Why do I love compulsively working out all the time?
congratulations!!!!!!
Good work.
yep, he gone.
RT Great presentation by at
Come!
RT Have a meeting 2day dangerously close to , may have to pop in and see the beauteuous girls and goodies!
Happy belated birthday!
Hope you had a smashing one.
Excited for all the good things growing in your life!
Be glad to answer that in person if you haven't left yet ...
electronic/dance
thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great Friday
from giving you the most amazing praise......
It feels like 11 o'clock on a Saturday night.
The only difference is is that it's Friday night and not even 9:30...
watching The Killers.
Totes forgot how hot Ashton Kutcher is
I love all these pics you upload, instigram is the best :
You should follow He's just a wee little egg still, but there's some good religious  political nuggets in that brain of his.
wait what is going on
What was the name?
So.......we aren't having dinner Friday night?
That's a bummer :p
Love doesn't need reason.
Love is a force as real as gravity.
There you go KU
I agree, surprised to not hear any media query mention either.
Great overall though.
Wow, i'm really glad when Jesus laid hands2 heal the sickrestore the brokenhearted He was never afraid2 get His hands dirty
Gotta love that mc banter
i think and Chuck Norris should make a Movie Together :D how awsome would that be..
YA AWSOME!!!!
needs to cover ordinary people by john lennon on panio.
Such a classy slow song..
because they don't know the rules of the game!
It's probably why I wouldn't want to live on a farm if that's where you're living by
Great short by !
Congrats!
Lovely work up on the big screen.
No homo lol
S/O to all the Grandview Seniors graduating today ..
Congratulations  I'm proud of yall :
How many rappers you think are doctorpping mixtapes on 4/20?
Online Poker has now been banned by Full Tilt and PokerStars in WA State.
Please join and help fight for poker player rights in WA
But how to convey that?
I used to tell my students that the American Revolution actually ended in 1814  at Waterloo.
I would leave a comment on those last few.
But nah!!!
You already know.
thank you god for letting my brother off of jail thank you with all my life!
what can we say, we love nerds!
in all honesty Skrillex isn't really house or dub step...but now a lot producers in both fields are influenced by him
Hurricane Katrina, dog fights, unwanted pregnancy, dead mother, alcoholic father, poverty.
Bleak but beautifully written  Salvage the Bones
Yall leave my bro alone revs up chainsaw RT yo momma got a big head!!!!!
throws coffee mug
i want to move to maryland and be on F5 anyone care to join me?:
Man, am I a crappy mood!!
Not sure what we're naming it yet.
Maybe Testing the Rail.
We're putting every ounce of energy into it.
alright, i might just do that.
Lol
The Budweiser Clydesdale Horses are so upset about St Louis goalie Brian Elliot's performance they have gone on a hunger strike
Is it sad that i almost stared crying cause i love this school so much??
Great interview with on Sportfolio.
Sharing the vision.
Just when you thought spring was here ...
there is a freeze warning in effect for virtually ALL of Ohio tonight ...
This New Year will bring a new way to SAVE.
GIVE.
FEEL GOOD.
Looking forward to launching
Awesome!
Once the AZ heat hits full force I'm all about traveling  I'm blogging again  Sorry I'll miss
Oh me too!
My cousins in graduating from UVA!
Nate is doing well, thanks for asking, you're too sweet!
The world doesn't revolve around you, have some respect for others.
amc was awesome and gave me a guest pass in exchange for the hunger games ticker I didn't use last night :
The wiz concert was great
as far as i know everybody loves the situation and if you don't love the situation imma make you love the situation
nice.
Excited yo hear the New stuff
Everyone go follow my new twitter please!
!!
Bam said the lady.
I think I just passed my apush test :
Happy mothers day momma!
I love you!
Take a day for yourself!
You deserve it!
whos fat as fuck and going to las vegas in less than a week?
Ahahahah, yup, I got 'fullygrown bull seal' completely out of context.
:D /cc
Still out of town guys.
It seems like everything is happening this week.
Have fun!
Put me in charge of the birthday pinata and one had better believe the outcome is a pinata full of beef jerky  trail mix.
would love to if we lived closer
thanks Chris!
And the gallons of red bull begin to flow...
Thanks, Shannon!
We're pretty proud.
:
The only thing he used to be able to beat Tom Brady at was the fact that he had better commercials
We cant wait for the festival
Weezy take those blood pressure jeans off
I don't get it ::shrugs:: I just know that my servers stay locked up, and if I was a baddie I'd go after the servers first
What did your coworker think Carne Asada is?
Damn my little sister is so grown up..
Time is flying
Travel Picks: Top 10 ugly buildings to visit
FOLLOW our growing network of friends Things just get better when you  I are one.
ebook for the moment cutting the rewrit into six equal parts and releasing in volumes print and audio will come eventually
i Hate Homeworks
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
Duc de la Rochefoucauld
Then, I wrote an email link on to their 'spoof' dept.
They emailed back that I had indeed been phished.
Thankingme!

I need some new numbers time fah me tew start socializing!!!!
Countdown, less than 10.000 followers!
Miss is coming close to reaching the 16 millions followers on twitter!
Britney Army
this is like the definitive reports of Russ Grimm as Steelers coach.
Or Bradley to Pitt from last year.
Its over.
Fake conservative Santorum just took the undecideds.
Not foil.
The fire and water feature a raised, highgloss finish.
No foil.
professorssor Browder sounds a lot like Adam West...
Batman is announcing degrees at Simmons11!
hey hey hey are you with right now?
follow me please:
Men of NYC what's with the fedora??
really??
GO ON FACEBOOK NOW.
:O It's very important.
luckyluckylucky!
sweden  you?
:
Cool  thanks for the response!
Guys, I have unfortunate news.
Teamwork doctorpped off the Jammin' for Japan show next week.
BUT Voted Most Random will fill the empty spot.
:
New supporters are coming in from all over the world  thanks to you!
y'all are funny lol
My day is almost complete...Indy CD  Vinyl.
:
Same here...
Anyone think it would be cool to build your own ring.
If I knew how Id build one in my back yard.?
really wish I was on a road trip.
Those are always the best.
I'm working on it now thanks!
thank you for following Happy Super Bowl!
For you to sleep well at night, the aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.
Steve Jobs
That sounds like confirmation to me!
There is a car show going on today!
If I didn't have to move furniture, I would so be checkin' out those babes!
Heads up.
No TWiP today.
We'll be back next Tuesday.
Is it just me, or does your iPhone make life SO MUCH EASIER?!?!?
Spoiler: Indianapolis Colts are going to select Ryan Tannehill just to troll the entire internet.
all done.
Coulda swore I heard a bird barking.
TY for the :s Have a piece of coffee cake with that
But hey, we're showing those Republicans who the real tough guys are!
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Biggest moment in sports history for anyone in a 23 uniform since MJ did his magic for da Bulls....
WOW
ThrowBackSong like you bow wow, ciara.
Three Pinellas Co.
Deputies And One Sergeant Fired for Sustained Charges Of Extreme Loafing and Idling  no I am not kidding
wanna buy me something  give it to me  the Atlanta arena concert in 2013 ?
I'm in section 115 row L seat 4!
; xx
please follow me you would make my day thanks
Wrote and submitted a freelance story about Ed Debevic's in Chicago yesterday.
Great place!
I'll share the link when it goes live.
I know I don't know you.
But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
OK VTech!!!
Good game v.
Duke.
I'm ready for March Madness!
The Sunday Supper menu won't be finalized until late Saturday eve or Sunday morncan send you details as soon as it's set.
too confusing for you?
l need new txting buddies:
awesome!
I can't wait until September when he comes back.
He only did 3 songs in Hollywood and 4 in Pomona but it was worth it.
lol.
Its for my son's bed.
Save The Date!
Conjunctured 2yr anniversary party is Sat.
Aug.
21st.
Facebook invite coming soon.
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Kobo Touch in our Twitter competition!
Either work or quit your job Congressmen!
Dont double my Rate
it doesn't want to work??
Enjoying the outdoors helps you in be more physically active, it can also benefit you in other ways.
Getting sun is good for your health.
Thanks for the follow!
..in bowl..couple squirts of mustard on chili..dump cheese on melt it a lil in microwave...YUM!
I love you your amazing please make my night and tweet me it would mean the world to me 33
ff I know from his days as a back up dancer in Wham!
Great paso doble dancer!
when you wake up in the morning and the sun blinds you in the face.
Only 1 hour and 6 minutes until the Big Announcement!!
Ahh, I can't wait!
So freaking excited!!: 3
You can't light a fire under anyone else without feeling some of the heat yourself.
I responded to ya I love the falling in love feeling tweet a while ago but didn't push send.
That feeling I call doctornks 6n7
It's Friday tomorrow!
Damn this week gone fast!!!
Looking into Radian6 www.radian6.com for social media monitoring,.
will blog with a review after reviewing
They say you shouldn't work harder but work smarter...
I say you have to work harder and smarter
Great to see you connected your kickanotchfamily via twitter!
The old guy on FTN did a mashup of GOP Primary Flubs.
They could do a whole show on Biden.
nobama has a back like a ramisterd and a big stick.
Wessel outlines key issues for negotiating contracts with publishers for both articles and books.
Got yelled at for taking photos today.
What's wrong with a little competitive research?!
Nothing like some fresh brioche!
You know it's going to be a rough day when you can't remember the password to your computer.
Beware because Santa is looking at those pics and saying naughty, not nice :
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.
Phillips Brooks
I feel like I am walking into a trap...and I'm gonna die!!!!!!!!
tech should be free for schools....use that cash to pay down the achievement debt owed our students!
FINALLY!
I decided not to buy a badass car just to help kick this off.
I just want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep!
Losing an organ is probably the scariest thought I've ever had, but who wouldn't do it for their pops...
I hate haters!
I got some panties to the first Black Eyed Peas album though.
'Chasshole'  new word for cheap asshole.
I dont play games wanna play games go get an xbox.
Fuck out my life.
Movie on the couch night
: achey runny stuffy getting
Wishing everyone a successful and prosperous new year!
That play was amazing!
Way to go thunder!!!!
EVERYBODY THAT READS THIS TWEET WILL KNOW I LOVE BRIANNA LATRE JONES
Pat rocks !
Be careful what you ask for these days
Cheers!
L'est not forget that the rooftop will be open and our infamous Wheel of Cheese will be spinning for prizes tonight!!
we're all gonna die ...
so lets get high
they better have a glove and boot warmer booth in the lot

there's much more room up on the balcony.
:
True, but there are much better informed and eloquent people working those issues.
Back in the office in Chicago after a good week in the Bay Area.
Looks like an epic storm is headed this way.
great message!
ha!
Ready for a new Twitter war?
Happy New Year to you and the Newsplexians!!
Er...
lay off.
Still not good.
Talk to me about crazytown bananapants
These gals are fightin on Ozone!!!
TeriHatcher Much love!
Sundays won't be the same without you
Happy birthday to my cousin more like sister !
Love u babe
That is usually how I combat this.
Sitting still isn't really in my DNA regardless of coffee intake.
well gage rattled off 12 points...today not bad for a 7 yr old.
Now we r watching Cuse ..Love these father n son moments!
checks time
Gas prices are high enough, yet they expect people to sit in traffic everywhere.
Son of a fucking bitch.
McGlincheys now has vegan hot dogs so I can have cruelty free food poisoning
Sweet, but We Want the Head Honcho position for ...Tell'em President HERMANator is on His way to the White House.
Omg..
I am doin a power point an its so boring uhh
i fing missed the westminster kennel club again!
time to mark my calendar for next year's :/
RT : Thanks for the shout out!
Hope to be in your shoes one day!
Aw thanks!
RT : RT : Q3 Have you been able to change your firms beliefs about social media?
Strategies that work?
Missed it  doh!
Was fab, I'm sure!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies33 Follow me Babe
Thunder cheating hard smh
so your probably the cutest person ever..
I love your hair!
Haven't received a Chef Hall of Fame vote from Call 8586344410 if you want to be part of Monday's photo shoot!
Welcome to Cleveland.
Have a great race.
yea you do that because I need to go and make some progress lol
haha he's still make us do stuff though
I know right?
They're slacking on their parent duties..
thanks baby!
love you and can't wait to hangout!!
:
egg matzah?
who would have thought?
turning nonjews into jews here at TS
i feel sorry for people who have dentures
You know when you love your job when you look forward to seeing your kids after break.
I sure did miss them!
up early, for a Sat., to take down art installation.
thanks Isiscat for the 5:30AM wakeup meow!!s
yawns i'm getting tired goodnight goodnight mahomies sweet doctorams :
I'll have Kip send you another email!
Just book a play date for them, then have at it.
For anyone that lives under a rock, the new and song doctorpped.
And it's epic.
Get on it!
Buckets are Back!
THURSDAY's
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'.
So I installed LINUX.
so uw is the only D1 girls hoops program in wisconsin that matters?
should I take it apart to doctor?
What do you think?
I wrked twice and hard
..good mornin' family Let's start the day off with Victory in mind; because the minute you scared to lose; you lost already 
I only got 3 and they weren't real good.
Wasn't much fun.
just helped a client set up a twitter acct and within 5 mins he had 20 porn followers.
any way to prevent that?
he was not thrilled
Y'all missed the simpsesh last night!
I was on one.
A strong one.
Celebrate Mom this weekend w a delicious brunch special at his restaurants
: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY BY!
I LOVE YOU!
HAVE A GOOD DAY 3 thank you : I love you!
3
Broncos are on the clock with the 31st pick.
Who do you think they will pick?
sounds good!
Agree on both accounts.
But not that I would hit it, that Brett would.
Yes, many divorce decrees still set rules for lovers to be around the childoctorn.
Deep cleaned our apartment today, and it felt so good!
KRod?!?
More like, LAMEROD!
Sorry for the language up there.
They just took the menu away.
What's that?
I ordered pho with shrimp.
:
Crayons are a lot like M  M's, all the colors taste the same
SUCKS  a 150 change fee applies to UPGRADE to 1st class on same flight?!
Um, I have 2 pay u for the privilege of giving you more ?
Guess I am staying for the spring game.
Many Evacuate in NewJersey ahead of
Can someone loan me the force choke power?
wifes in a wedding  needs me here  ill see you starting next week  for 2 weeks.
get ready
The Washington Post article about is included in today's enewsletter.
Inspiring story  can't wait for it to open!
Two positions to watch at Broncos training camp is cornerback and safety.
How many CB's will Denver take into the regular season?
Safeties?
Wow!
Hey let's do a show about growing up in East Nashville!
One hour show a week!
Everone would love it!
You host!
You mad bro?
Just ate some eggplant without the aid of alcohol or peer pressure.
I have no idea what's happened to me.
yea bro n thats the same days
Just watched my boys cat call earl.
That shit was fucking hilarious
they kids annoying tf outta me.
:  Single  Taken  Waiting for 3
Have a nice night :
Yeah, but I think a lot just has to do with familiarity, too.
The cats have to teach them boundaries :P
U R different from me .......
so I Listen  intuit certain tings .....
I make sure that it is directed wit a touch of Me  U
HOLY FUDGESICLES!
It's blastastically cold outside, and me timbers won't stop shivering!
Whats up PeeWee hope all is well my friend just got me a twitter account I m following you follow me take care.
But what good is getting upset and complaining
15 more days!!!!
please find away to speed up time!!
K, thanks 
hey...so...can we get levilowrey trending already?
oh oh oh, I would love it.
I do LOVE oysters.
lol that was funnnay : I miss being on your team!
Furthermore, if German Embassy represented, why not Danish?
did catch your name and im ryan bartling
yeah u do live way to far from me :
I could lie and say that living the single life is fun but exhales there's something missing!
Follow and they will follow back!
only YOU have the power to build or destroy your own Reputation
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well
Whos a pothead
it's no wonder yankee games take 5 hrs
my grandfather just die, and I am very sad?!?!?
:
How do you decide what you are comfortable sharing online and what you prefer to keep private?
Do you have any online sharing regrets?
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
we had an Awesome show last night with Late nite Run, , and peach and the pilots!
we also raised lots of  4 charity
I Miss My Brother :
Bad Luck
Like in Grand Theft Auto!
RT : Bruno's Hardware sounds like a place you go to buy a gun lol
what channel?
Just good taste I guess !!
Been a Yanks fan all my life.
Papi and Steroids.
Say it aint so.
Ron Paul will probably never be our CommanderinChief, but at least he got to play the President in XMen: The Last Stand.
Happy Birthday!
Just some creepy man stalked me to my car, there wasn't any security there that early.
You can feel the somber mood here in SF.
I know your proposal had to be a bit more romantic, yes?
it's sad when mark Reynolds is an improvement.
He could've made that play at 1st 
Savor Albuquerque starts today!!
We couldn't be more excited and hope you are too!
Watching tear it up in his first solo class
we're still ironing it out  and I are trying to work out a coteaching arrangement.
Thankful  Beyond Blessed That God Allowed Me Too See Another Day!
We're 9th in the world in free reference apps!!!!!!!!!!
So cool!!!!
Happy New Year everyone!!!!
Time to go  mow our 3 acres of grassIt's only March  I'm mowing alreadyI need to let it turn into a field  save the time  money
ughh yes!
And I want tex to just have one lol
What's stopping you from creating the initial step to making change?
Loved seeing the YoungLife crew tonight
Rollerblades are never fiyone on a man
phew, read that just in time.
I tuned in halfway through the intro.
Well done.
McBob's Pub and Grill 50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
I'm down
i gotta do something to fix my time clock, stayin up all night and sleepin half the day is not good...
lmao!!!
P KimBeezy
50 miles out from Charlotte, NC.
STEVE BLAKE
Oh, naughty :
Is the traveling show the same as your Vegas show?
I loved u in Vegas and I want my wife to get the full experience
I suspect the day will be largely ignored by the passive in Austin
I said I was starting my diet today but fuck that .
This chipotle calling my name !
all arounder!
High five'
John!
Congrats on making the video!
You should tweet mo
So I can wear it as a watch?
Same here...
and when I come the ATL, let's make sure to meet in person!
Ciao Bella!
wants our project park  to be used in our community.
Good choice Major.
Some corps are trying to make mentoring part of their culture for both men and women.
Great edtech interview on TC.
is a great company.
We'd love 2 show u how our ePortfolio platform showcases users knowledge
TY for FF!
Have a great weekend!
I'll be Nick Dos Equis.
Ey were finally doing something productive in here, XD
is killing it!
Check out for free at sweetbandsapparel.com right now!
Seems like everyone.
At least they say it to me : RT : who says this?!
Feels like somebody is pourin buckets of water outside
!!
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Kobe is a straight gangsta......can't stand that kat...LOL
Tweet along with our HSCI presentation.
What's your opinion?
follow me everyone
here!
will reply to your dm now
oh so you read Baggot's column today too?
Netflix has me addicted to the doctor Who series but they're missing several key last Tennant episodes.
No!!
School.
Work.
Sleep.
/
Great!
I'll be watching for details.
OMG the season finale is already awesome.
I can't believe they were in a plane accident!
I want some food.
Entomologists' moms must be very proud of their childoctorn's deeply fulfilling and professorundly liberating professorssion.
sarcasmintended ;;
Aw thanks Ness!!!
You are to!!!
Beautiful actually smiles big
eww.
rim jobs.
We still need all of you to follow today
Sounds like you only played about 20 games
it's Friday and ain't the beer cold!?!
cheeseface wants a steak dinner
eating goldfish and watching tv and u
is so amazing.21
you are at the library too?!
me too.
haha.
twins!
lol
RT : Ford looks at ROI as keeping people engaged because people sometimes wait 10 years between a purchase with them
clearly the girls that don't know that by now haven't seen the movie.
All knowledges are Consciousness conditioned by perception, emotion or thought.
thank you 
Turning in for the evening after an amazing pizza...and yes, I ate the WHOLE THING!
Tomorrow I think I will do a 70.3 in Panama
OKAY KIDDIES!
Time for bed
Sometimes I don't get all ur tweets so forgive me if I don't reply and knw that it's always appreciated:
We don't need more whole grain and dairy in our diets.
High School was hell for me.
But listen here: It gets better.
It really does.
These are the best years of your life is bull and a lie.
When midnight hit im walking outside butnakked screaming happy birthday 2 me
Thanks so much.
We really appreciate the support/interest from our fellow Virginians.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Have safe trip!
Don't forget to Enter To Win the Extreme Summer Make Over!!!
Winner will be doctorwn at the end of the month..
Good Luck!
I'm too goddamn hurry the fuck up
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 49
If your going to and actually know who we are, Erik, Chris, and Lee will be there.
Hit us up so we can hang out!!!
I wish I was a mind reader, but I'm not.
SO TALK!
Sweet.
One of the best times of year.
The tomato menu is back.
Fried green tomatoes with crab remoulade.
Unreal.
who is Nolan ?
25 school days left
On the Miller Ferry on the way over to Put in Bay.
Thanks for following, I do follow back and also tweet back.Have a good evening.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wishing you the greatest 2012..
In fact I am still enjoying the last 1.5 hours of 2011 here in LA:d
If you don't understand my silence, how would you understand my words?
I know!!!
I think I like it though...can't sleep.
yes!!!
It was pretty amazing tonight.
Scott was hilarious!
hahah, so you're team Forwood then :D
Hey I just met you and this is crazy.
But here's my number.
So call me maybe 
help me!
Does ur man ever cook, do the dishes and deal w the kids?
It's a really nice feeling :
OMG im like cryin all bad rite now chachi replied to me...
hahah imma die!
:p
Excellent Job, Maryland Senate, in passing marriage equality!
Way to have some restraint Kristopher!
I know you wanted to crosscheck the hell outta him.
That is why:
What are you practicing today on your guitar?
Feeling stressed?
Come in 4 a therapeutic massage to get relaxed and ready for the weekend.
Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your 10 off coupon.
Austin is shining TOO much now.
I'm all perspiring.
8 more Ibs to go and I'm taking that vab!
Amber IS Back!!!
Price is Right Again
Fall for it if you wanna....
Helena friend says Deloitte is advertising in the IR for positions to fill the State contract they won over Northrop.
Shady deal.
Tweet something!
lol
About to go to play practice.
awesomeness all over
Selena  j lo played her in a TV movie.
Her assistant killed her supposedly
I do love ghost stories especially first hand accounts!
Can you give me your opinion on my short film?
It's on my website
yeah FLA LSU basketball at 6pm...But I know who you WON'T be cheering for.
;
1 there are none better
Auby  Preezy keeps it in the friends zone lmao
OMFG WERTYHJNDBJS IS THERE A PIC OF ZAYN WITH A KOALA?
I WILL DIE AW OMG
I always like helping people out so its no biggie :
Just touched down in Philly for PLA2012!
You're not following me, so I wilk tweet you my goal.
My 1 goal is to meet One Direction.
Don't be fooled.
As a salon you do not need a big, expensive flashy website.
You need a simply and attractive website that get people 2book
Looks like we have a competitor...
Retweet followers so we can get more followers!!
Who needs coffee when you have habanero?
RealityTruth R Never Popular Concepts!I served in da militarymarched in protest against an illegal war while choosing2enlist in medical!
Omfg.
You bought the same exact doctorss that I'm wearing now, haha
Crazy is a good word here.
I need to move some where that warm all the time.
wow, congratulations!
you like getting ripped off by people who are making money off your treatment of your 'disease', not the cure to your 'disease'
have fun
Celebrate God.
Sing togethereveryone!
All you honest hearts, raise the roof!
Psalm 32:1011 Perfect theme for
Just had an amazing lunch Ko
We got some time in early May!
Thoughts?
Imperial Beach today, free samples of pie  the watermill on 13th and Coronado.
LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN.
Go caps go rangers but most importantly go
Start crying !!!!
nuggets win!!
Yes baby!
big shoutout to: the entire WGTB exec board for not tweeting anything irrelevant to college radio in 2 days.
now time to reset the counter.
Real change comes from having a relationship with Jesus.
Everything else is counterfeit.
Obviously, the best way to display my adorable new manicure is to contort my hand into a hideous monster claw.
Every woman on Tumblr
Where should we go to dinner tonight?
Hurrah, happy New Sock Day to you!
Enjoy your new toe socks!
:D
straight up it was
New strains just in  the Farm!!
Come check it out!!!
Finals week.
I'm going to listen to one song, and one song only.
Ugh.
I'm bringing an apron for the presentation, b/c I'm not wearing a tie on a Monday.
:P
Serious house cleaning binge.
I'm feeling very accomplished!
Aye man who hiring im tryna get my intrepid fixed
you look way too nice to be a casting director!
And in fact all the CD's I have met in LA so far are..
I like this.
I think that depends on individual.
Can also feel like a battle with yourself and others to get to the joyful parts.
The only thing I trust a girl to doctorve is a shopping cart.
Seattle, Portland and San Francisco in the next three weeks.
I should probably plan.
Hell yeah, thank you.
The whole EP is on YouTube and we're recording our full length right now!
Giving my mommy the perfect mother's day gift.
Its homemade...
but I know she's going to love it...
Really can't wait to see her face.
naw its today
Celebrated April/May birthdays with some delicious pie today!
Thanks, :
.
Think im right around 2023 hrs
TUNES AT MONONA TERRACE Wednesday 5:30pm  An Evening with Ole Blue Eyes A Tribute to Frank Sinatra
blue machine is my reason to get up today
what's your name on doctorw something
doctorke Younger is backstage.
He and Jacobs have some unfinished business in the ring.
He challenges Jacobs to a deathmatch.
RT Big day for BB for state of WI!
Lets go mubb and Badgers!
Don't forget about the !
yeah, that's where a lot of people first heard them.
it was great exposure3
in my bedoctorom i have and couple events.
but not like i was.
i was touring thru out the midwest.
just focusing on family...
Time for my nightly twit.
Great point.
Could they be?
Should they be?
Should we start building an arc?
except you :/ lol
Will be interesting to see if FB actually integrates Instagram at all or is just using it to boost perceived stock price.
Does Israel have dance moms?
Two hours fighting Wordpress and I am very clearly reminded why I am making the new library website sans CMS.
This is awful.
Yeah on my BIRTHDAY!!!!!
So awesome!
Only thing better would be meeting them!
Of everyone I follow you are by far the most worthwhile.
Too soon?
Shout out to some college faves that came out winners this weekend.
Texas Tech, Baylor  OU.
LOVE this time of year!!
All we need is rain.
Some people said chinese product is cheap quality, I want to tell all of you, that's because of the business owner.
That looks so good that it kinda makes me want to cry.
It is perfectly acceptable to adjust your grocery/food budget during pregnancy, right?
Food cravings  the pregnant woman  moolah...
in a really horrid mood....very annoyed....not in the mood for people....
Thanks, the image was hilarious.
Really?
Jazz really lol
I wanna fall alseep....but I have to watch my sisters :/
it's a word that describes a person who is strong enough to enjoy life without having to depend on someone else
no problem bro just trying to help :D
Remember, is staffed all hours the Knowledge Center is open.
We accept poster printing jobs until 1/2 hour before closing.
well knicks won
I am in a room full of artist Singing along to man in the mirror :::: yes lol
I hear you ..
I thought you bought that
I'm aboard the
Recording with Ami Saraiya then swinging old school with Myles Hayes at the Firehouse.
6:309:30
i'll never be victim to a mayo sneak attack.
im on guard all times.
eating at today, mayofree zone.
they have to be so tired
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Best of luck with your play!
Friends don't let friends manage the
OomfNeedsTo stop eating.
Dude, ur gonna get fat
The person I'm texting
done with my first final
uhoh.
Raindoctorps on the laptop, not good.
Moving this amwriting party indoors!
It is good that mister Santorum is discussing apocalyptic theology because the last time his party held the White House it was near Armaggedon.
Hopefully we didn't miss anyone..
who else from cast and crew has a Twitter?
Proud of my boy for keeping the Buckeyes together.
Your true character as a leader shows up when adversity sets in!!!
Hey hope you have a good night  could I text you?
I'd send you a direct message, but still tryin to figure that out lol
www.pirateradioportland.com on LIVE right now until Midnight pacific time.
Play punk doctornkwith and
Rehearsal tomorrow at 8pm.
Upcoming events can be found on our website's Shows page.
People need to stop selling onTwitter and shouting their message and start getting more involved in the interests and lives of the people.
Weds night party  mosaic tonight!
when sixth graders think i wont confront them.
Although I doctorft more and more to the right with every week that passes, I remain captainvated by Pres Obama when he's speaking
presentation in like 20 minutes SO NERVOUS
Just did an ego google search for Mahmud and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb professorle is one of the top results :D
Billionaire Clive Palmer is going to build a replica titanic and sail it from London to New York
What your favorite Hollywood movie with a wang shot in it?
Let us know!
Seattle.
It's where we are training my Mke crew leaders this year.
Heading down a few days early to wander around tho
amen,you are not alone on that.
cool, sounds good.
I will build on that!
I hear he's a nice guy.
Thanks!
: :
Giving myself a treat and going to bed before I get sucked into the bachelorette.
Count me in for next week...
When are your YouTube videos gonna be back up on YouTube???: I'm about to die!
Thunderstorm!
Heating blanket is out.
I've got the curtains doctorwn, sweatpants on, and life feels sexy.
Inspirational story of friendship, cancer and goals.
Click blog www.knowledgesafari.com
If parents say, Never take candy from strangers then why do we celebrate Halloween?
OLP eDiscovery for Law Firm Leaders in 15 hrs.
Short course to learn everything u need to know.
www.theolp.org Interactive online.
When are they going to come out with a show about the nursing assistants at nursing homes called American asswipes
BUT THE NEW CARTOONS ARE GOING TO BE IN 3D!
i'm so excited for you to come to the east coast soon!!
:
Woot woot!
RT : Morning Twitterverse.
Hands up if you're kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Every man should know how to: Please his woman.
Eat It Up, Beat It Up, Satisfy all her wants and needs.
full 1080p hd streaming coming in 2012
KKTNY I love Kris shaking them up.
Keeps them on their toes.
Lol.
I am working so not many tweets 2nite but the last game is tied in the 2nd inning, hmph, so glad I'm not watching.
Make your goals specific.
If you doctornk 2 sodas/day, commit to doctornk 1 soda/day.
Make that goal for a few weeks, when it ends make a new one.
Don't judge me until you know me.
Don't underestimate me until you challenge me.
And don't talk about me until you talk to me!
Through out the history of man we have alot to be ashamed of I hope I type the correct we go back to the Spanish Excuisision..
yea but my pinky is to tiny and then I cant walk if I put that on
No Pie.
I'm disappointed.
so weird.
It doesn't feel like I'll be graduating in a month and one day.
I don't need to cheat!
I Gotz me some Mad SKILZ!!.
Top five undergrad degrees awarded by the College of Engineering last weekend: Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Biomedical, Civil.
what class is that?!
Lol
haha thanks!
Doing great girl!
How about yourself??
Whew!
According to our medical records, it is impossible for Dani to get pregnant.
Desire, here we come!
Me too.
What a wild night.
Fading fast, but hope to make it  want to see Biffle in victory lane :
I didnt finish my homework for tomorrow EHEHE
I may want to change my passport photo first
I just wanna wake up and have everything be fixed I feel like complete shit
Still 2011 here  treading water fast as we can trying to catchup.
April is about to be cruel indeed.
Much too busy.
i think what is really meant by the solar storm is SXSW because Austin is getting frenetic !!!
please keep my grandma in your prayers 3
At statewide bagbill hearing Sen.
Montgomery wonders why its such a big deal to bring a bag?
If I die at the same time as Brian we are getting bunk bed coffins.
I have the worst headache 
You bet!
Have a great week :
RT : at , doing work!
Guilty on all charges.
Waiting for State's Atty Anita Alvarez to comment.
I'm going to throw out the hypothesis that you are failing miserably at getting it under control.
Check out what GooglePlus is doing  Google San Francisco Giants and see what it looks like on the Right Column
it is
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness
dfwama has officially started!
we are thrilled to be part of tonight's panel!
Dear essay/book report thing w.e the teacher called you i don't wanna have anything to do with you k!!!
I might have been just over tired and run down the past few days.
RT : Unlike Obama, President Gingrich would NEVER bow to the Saudi King.
He's too top heavy to risk leaning forward.
I need some Shena time !
it was so good to see him today!
he told me he missed me.: now going to bed because I've got cramps from hell.: goodnight!
Oh: I'm really not concerned about what you think or say.
Yup it got me in.
Many thanks!
lmbo...the shit that happens on the spur of the moment!
Back in beantown for celtics game tomorrow night with Tim.
Fuck it's like having 5 Sullis in one group.
Immersed in Christ, we may be sure that our lifeyes, that familiar one we are each so well acquainted withwill never stop: Willard
Thanks for your support and the FF mention.
I appreciate all the help I can get.
hahha stop being a hater dang.!
You been on that hater ish since day one.!
Everyone talks about the great job Walker has been doing.
Everyone needs to remember Rebecca and her great work too.
updating lock to daylight savings time, what fun
ikr so did u anser my questions
Our HR department keeps the clip art makers in business.
Rainbow cupcakes .
!
good luck in KC Peyton.
Hope you regain beast form against every team not named Cleveland.
hell yeah got MT game watching him
: I think our own ID is in constant flux couldn't agree more.
Often wall off my different audiences/facets online futrchat
So happy for you and your success!
I remember 'friending' a new artist long ago and look at ya' now!
Congratswell deserved:
dude i'm pumped, we're gonna have a great friday :
Watched my Grandma play basketball last night at her old high school, had some delicious Jenkins chicken salad, about to have a massage!
I am really starting to enjoy having weekend nights off.
:
Just remembered I took tomorrow off to relax.
Huzzah!
From now on, I will be rating TV characters I hate as a percentage of Joffrey.
Theon Grayjoy is still only .25 Joffreys.
oh well im out,, nite yalll
haha he lives in Indy and he like came to my school to work out.
Thank you Talia!
Warm wishes XOXO
Justin looks so flawless in the Forbes photoshoot
god save the USA get Reid of liberals and democrats
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't been on twitter in forever...
I feel so bad :
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend.
Hope you're doing well.
The lovely folks at just made my day!
whats up ashton?
ill give u 1 hint me!
lol i love punk'd by the way
The 8 Mile final rap battle: designed to be Derby handicapping music, actually.
...
That's a private school.
is so attractive.
Just bought 15 songs on ITunes...
oops mybad addictedtomusic 
She's Not A Hater...Makes Her Sound Calculated.
She's Just Nutts
This was such a great day!
I give thanks to the Creator!
working hard to break 36hour record as longest bellringer in Salvation Army history.
He's at WalMart on Old Seward  Dimond.
THIS, , 1, RT Sponsorship should not a be approached as a transactional mechanism to secure revenue.
saw that , was hesitant to pull the trigger
yeah I think we will get to it.
RG I is a cool cat.
Cheers.
RT : thanks for the follow and tips.
I'll definitely be lookin for MSM posts
first time in nyc where i could picture myself living here.
okay cool.
: then, let's hang out Friday!!
Actually, Peyton HIMSELF says he isn't yet healthy.
FactsStraight 36yr old QBs don't win, historically.
I'll cry to that!
Good morning very temprano in the school
Don't take anything for granted either appreciate everything...
PLUR Peace.
Love.
Unity.
Respect.
These are the things I will never forget.
3
Check out our associate Ned Mulligan who handles personalinjury medicaldevice cases.
You can also follow him
Out of my mind.
Back in five minutes.
r u homeschooled???
Food Truck Day in Del Sur, along with Bocce and bring your own growler day!
Just too bad he didn't keep his AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price
Thanks for a great season!
your all thr best!
God Bless!
AFCWestChamps BroncosCountry!
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
Sitting here this morning just trying to wrap my head around the fact that it is April second, 2012
How many states are embarrassed to be part of this same country as North Carolina tonight?
better off man trane your UFC for next few months lol.
Your tap out game might be a bit rusty ...
sorry...
I thought I already was following.
Fixed now.
:
saw that  very tempting!
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Muriel Strode
lmaoooo!!!
He TRIED that!
yea sounds good to me.
you wanna go?
I need Starbucks now please?
Well I guess I'll have to go then.
Where is it?
I go out of my way to swerve at geese in a parking lot..
Just because their so mean
S/O to LawOrder for playing rape episodes on Mothers Day...Da fuck?
Studio flow
purging my google reader of unread feeds.
Payton special class 101 Lmao found it in his back pack
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished.
If you're alive, it isn't.
Richard Bach
stop being RACIST!
I'm coming down with the rockin' pneumonia.
: Boys:Ask for pictures with no clothes.
Men:Ask for pictures with no make up.
And congrats to Janice Price, CEO of Toronto's Luminato Festival, who has introduced magic to the last two festivals.This lady is with it.
Ever met a woman named David?
I did :P
How Did She Die?
:
Ladies in Denver, watch out for Kobe tonight if the Lakers lose
like its snowing?
phone screen keeps getting worse ..
Lots of talk.
I'm not sure how I feel about that
ok, sign me up for that one too.
how happy are you?
Heading out to the resort: Im so excited...XD XD luckily there is Wifi!!!
I love you...
yeah thats the reason
NIce!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
my team is about to win the national championship.
Your team just left mcdonalds.
yay!
Ok thanks so much!
I'm hanging in there.
Of course I know lol.
I wouldn't miss it for all of Middle Earth
The bleeding frogs
Mega Millions jackpot for Friday night's doctorwing climbed even higher  to a world record 540 million.
chris rock used to rap lol
I got what u feen for
Thank you!
:
she know we right lmao
know someone fighting cancer!
PrayForAlexRiegle he's a high school freshman fighting cancer!
I am going to start writing stand up comedy monologues, just shit from my life.
EDULive  EDUCAUSE Live  Great session on the 2012 Horizon Report  mobile and tablets are important.
67 commercial tablets available!
worried about a ticket, use our click to call feature on our hompage and get a free consulation with a Miami Traffic Attorney
Woke up phone 3
I know I am so excited!
Hopefully he comes to Cleveland because my mom refuses to take me anywhere but, since I'm going to
I think I needa go to the pool today.
It's too nice.
First class of a series with The Bold and the Beautiful Casting Director Christy Dooley tonight at TVI Actors Studio.
I love learning :D
so sweet haha
geometry homework then getting ready for the band banquet!
Animal Collective  Gotham
I asked for rain and thunderstorms and here it is
Yes we will!
Booth 505.
Hope to see you there!
Anyone playing animalcrossing today?
WTF Ozzie?
Killing me!
: Ravens Fans RT : Baltimore trades pick, Minnesota now on the clock.
Would you go grey if you could transition and get low lights that day?
You'd be brown and grey or salt and pepper, just natural looking.
Check out The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face!
Rolling into stores now!
Random, but do other people also enjoy snapping their toes?
I've rediscovered this
writing a press release for next weeks artist panels and getting ready for artomatic this evening
I have 6 tattoos.
New tattoo in week.
So stoked to have Robot Tattoo and Piercing in NW doin the art work Shana is awesome.
Spending the day outside!!!
:
Watching doctoram House D
Surprised to findvia Words with Friendsthat there is no word sud, as in soap sud.
Yes, the OED has it, but not good enough.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
Running Tip: Do not increase your mileage more than 10 percent per week.
This will help prevent injury.
On 1/24 Tom Shaw Trio accompanies Matthew Martin at San Francisco's Rrazz Room!
trouble...please the only trouble I get into is the trouble I cause.....ha better be careful:
Great hike today!
:
You know guys I actually kinda like it when a girl is kinda flat chested  said by no man ever
Loyalty over Royalty
1144 remaining....FINS and bruins are TIED at 42!!!
LETS GO FINS!!!
his name was Ishi, and he was kept by an anthropologist named Alfred Krueber.
There is a good doc called Ishi the Last Yahi.
I think discernment is necessary to exude biblical manhood
CHELSEA!!!
What a game.
That should be required watching.
Hey Sharon, thanks for the follow!
In spite of a decade's worth of bad games, I'm still excited about Sonic Generations.
What has anybody heard about it?
I'm going to name my child Dick that way he can go by Richard if he wants to.
Hawks will get the last shot here, down 2 with 9 sec.
left.
Holy Toledo.
IWishYouKnew how hard it was for me to deal with a lot of racism when i was in grade school
RT : Be careful posting on social media!
Too much info will result in violating patient privacy.
Read the white paper......
TEXTSP summary: St.
James's Place U.K.
PLC
RT  Did u know?
Camden Yards opened 4/6/92.
Orioles vs the Cleveland Indians.
Our game on 7/15 will be against the Ind...
haha no big deal!!
I'm extra tired today though
I had only two hours of sleep an I still feel like a GOD
detroitbiz 2nd stage panel Mark Davis.
Every biz owner has access to 5 million under SBA programs!
Time to talk with
i declare I need to call u!
Lol!!
: I was just thinking that RT Milwaukee rappers  fucking losers.
I'll do better I promise.
I have four jobs
Definition of face to face inaction requiring the ability to smell the other person.
Love it.
I understand not showing on Super Bowl Sunday BUT waiting til the 19th!
We need daily twits.
Will is hella sexy w that bat!
Hodgdson's West Brom had scored the least amount of goals at home of all clubs this season.
Great choice FA ;
People with iPhones should pay higher car insurance
Pirates play the Nationals again after yesterday's 54 win.
REAL TALK  IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Good Morning Everyone!
It is definitely a ChickfilA Day.
Start if off with Fresh Lemonade and your Favorite Breakfast Meal!
:
Thanks!
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else
Very true.
Someone needs to do something about the 6hour food desert I'm about to cross doctorving from Erie to DC.
PIFF : T : So welcome, paying it forward;
Now going to listen to the other song :P
lol, counting the days till I see you too!
Heck yes!
Can't wait!
Our pleasure.
Always great to connect with fellow SM enthusiasts!
With production company acquisitions, YouTube Live, and now YouTube movie rentals, Google's assault on the living room could be shaping up.
Welcome to awshucks day.
This day needs to be observed every year .
I have figured out how to post news items to 's microsite.
Success!
Ugh.
yes I am still installing sony doctorvers.
Support for Win 7 blows.
UAC still off.
hilarious!
: The thing about the harmonic series is I'm a terrible violinist.
Austin
Joe Lamb!
And Cary but all I guess too!
They're all so funny!
When he grew out his beard.
Thank you for the RT's.
Abrazos!
Played the 20k PokerStars freeroll, it's a good show if you haven't watched it yet.
Beat 25,000 players, problem was another 5,000 left
The website keeps getting better and better!
Cant wait!
See you tomorrow.
cause I'm a HUGE fan and I will always love and support you guys through think 'n thin IWantItThatWay 
I hope Joe replys.
Crossing my fingers
And don't nobody else see this creepiness
why do you want to be known as that type of person?
when we were little, we had the best times.i never thought you would turn out like this
Geoengineering, Regional GHG Initiative, training of TV meteorologists features of 5/5 yaleclimatemediaforum.org update.
Check it out.
Thank you so much, Connie!
Sounds like you are doing some great work yourself by providing support for parents!
Keep it up!
Physical copies of Until black october ends will be shipped soon.
Ep will be available for download online soon!
RT : Wait, that's how music is made now?
A guy pushing buttons on a machine?
I want to try.
sales tips/techiques don't work.
gee...i wonder why????
blow all your  on bullishit tips....
they don't work.
follow me.
God morning :
I admire a girl with swag and class
No never try to paint an abstract interpretation of your love for me.
I agree but did you think the same way when you when you didn't have what you have now?
Not so easy but a MUST.
Thankful for my second lens.
Wow, when I leave time to iron in the morning, it significantly expands my clothing options.:
starts at 4 pm at hilbert circle theater but need a ticket.
Free tix for those who previously registered
doctoryton Florence signed with the Broncos.
Good fit.
Best of luck to him.
thank you
Seriously, you have to define nothing too huge.
That is far too cryptic.
everytime i come out its movie in the making
Uhm.
I just looked down and Siri was calling people.
70 sold out and it's not even February yet!!!
www.cultuschichi.us
I know, its so true though!!
x lol
Movie recommendation is Sharon Stone in Casino
hot moms compete now for tickets to the 1067 KISSFM VitaminWater 10Fest onair call us now...585222KISS
crying from turntoyou it brings up so many memories and I can relate to everything.
thank you so much I am so inspired
Middle seat from phx to clt.
Not the ideal way to fly.
Need a shuttle so you don't have to walk in the rain?
Great idea!
game  shows downtown...we'll take you!
ha i got 2 bitches on deck and they both look the same as my other bitch ha...
Nope.
I think I'll try to clean it out and see what to do from there.
we tha best!!!
Hard celebrating the new year knowing that all our New Years party hats and supplies weren't even made in the U.S.
Thanks for the follow
Your favortite player Marvin Williams balling tho
when you want to talk, and that one person may not still be there for you /3
If everything seems under control, youre just not going fast enough.
Mario Andoctortti
Happy Birthday !
my last retweet just made my day.
Always do what you're AFRAID TO DO!!!!!!
;
Listening to Ryan Adams' Easy Tiger.
Such a great album!!!
I better get a call when you get here...
Music always calms me down...that's how I know we are meant to be.
your okay you'll be fine
Ah it's almost time to hit the gym..
Um 5 more minutes of sleepy time z
What does it mean to be Open?
Do we need common standards for what opengov entails?
...count on your INSIGHT and ADAPTABILITY to navigate obstacles and uncertainty!!!
;
I'm feeling a little guilty since I've never actually been to see The Nutcracker.
But this year I just cant get into the holiday spirit.
Budweiser commercial definitely set in Wisconsin.
Nobody else gets that excited for beer.
Lincoln Kaleigh Schrock better stay on the Komets if they move to the ECHL.
Because, uh, his name.
This too shall pass, If you think not.
Ask Tracy Lords.
Porn star at sixteen16.
Don't worry, be happy!
I know, right?!
Plus, the cameras were rollingso I may be able to see it on TAPE, and play it ANYTIME I am feeling blue.
HA!
IM a Known Artist In Kansas City Bruh We Should Do Some WORK together
Mention you're a fan on Facebook in November for 50 off Tile and Grout Cleaning!
We are too!
RT : Tomorrow 4/23 we're at in Portland!
Love that place...who's in?
Once again, Northwetern's porous defense does them in
I shall gobble my lunch sandwich in the continental park bench manner.
California owning the afc north this week.
Looks comfy
RT : ff want to go places?
Follow
You love it??
So soft, right?
we need more live tweets and the head of the union feels he is inadequately compensated ...
Trying desperately to keep a sane mind as people in general are really getting on my nerves!!
Thus the reason I stay to myself........
Gym o gym how it pains me to go to u.
Donuts and couch sound better.
Thank you so much!
We have a song called Sedona on our EP so we probably should make an AZ trip soon!
Christmas lights still shining brightly  expressandstar.com expressandstar.com Christmas lights still shining brightly expressandstar.com
How is everyone doing?
Good luck.
Keeping fingers crossed on your offer.
Thanks for the RT and thank you for all you do for our community!
The TAASK is looking forward to a new year of new music!
nice meeting you tonight man.
Hope we can get some work done together soon.
Great set too BTW.
Fat Kush  i didnt even make it home yet haha
Well there is that : Nice work 'mate'...
Keep it up for ProChallenge.
RT : Boulders own...
Yet from Australia!
Time matters for savings.
Save 5000 at age 21 rather than age 26, and by 65, you'll have 28,000 more.
paranormal activity wasnt that bad!
I really thought i was going to be freaking out!
its friday wooohooo!!!!
Did you catch our founder on BET tonight???
well I started shooting out my resume up north  wound up connecting w/ my now supervisor almost immediately!
fate?!
sometimes i wish i had the courage to just say hi
Never mistake kindness for weakness!
Great leaders know how to disagree in a respectful manner.
Price Carney
Thanks Andy.
Let me know if you ever need anything.
I'm coming to pick you guys up in the ferrari!
shout out bobby fresh!
g!!
lol im tuned in
Can't wait to see what you have to say tmw at fosterly!
I work in dctech PR.
Would love to meet up  pick your brain :
nice blog post!
I keep thinking of Joel...
you made baklava without me?!
Shame on you and a curse on the house of Sharon and Arielle!
The amount of people asking for a place to crash at coachella is the funniest irony because I am homeless in LA lol
Whats your email.
make money money make money money money
loved the previews excited to read more.
LOL I bet you had many dirty thoughts.
lol!
That just happened and door almost closed on a girl!
Man everything in Kobe's life sucks right now..
I really don't want to get up from my bed, but got to go to skool to take a test.
IfYouThinkAboutIt, it's probably no more or less so than
If you were in a collision, most likely your insurance rate will be impacted as a result.
Very excited about the integrated sleep timer; thank you!
Seeing quiet trend: v.
educated parents incl.
univ.
faculty w/ a no loans/debt policy for their own kids' education.
Implications: big.
stm2012 in press papers, online first, grey lit,  papers published prior to 1990 are hard to find online.
its worth a try isnt it?
: THE ICONIC BOYZ ARE AMAZING :
I love the new Twitter layout.
For consumer products its typical to run out of the allowed daily budget earlier during the day on the weekend.
Create a weekend campaign.
Whoa that's cool
hey buddy!
You know there's no harm in warming up :
I need to go to the hospital...I have an ingrown toenail...should I call an ambulance?
Sunny in Orlando today!
Excited to get to work!
I was so looking forward to Carnittas, dummy me I forgot to turn on the slow cooker.
Bummed, pasta it is.
is it safe to say the more  the athletic dept makes off the jerseys, the better the UO SA experience?
All the legends are dying on us.
So sad.
Our calendar is PACKED already for December.
Should have knocked your charity event out in Nov like we did ;
Signing Christmas books at Rock River Gallery in Jefferson.
Skip the outlet mall and stop here instead.
How about like next Wednesday?
Yeah the show !!
Aint been to the shore in real life, but I will soon...
I don't use photoshop that much, but when I do, It still crashes for me like I'm a pro!
Thanks Adobe!
Steve Bisheff...longtime newspaper columnist and author of the book, John Wood: An American Treasure, joins The Score at 8:45 on AM1510!
Fuck me.
I hate texting so much.
So many misinterpretations.
Just leads to more fighting.
I like to pretend I'm snorkeling.
But in wine.
By the way, 07 Saralee's reminds me a lot of the awesome 02 right now.
Camping?
Did you have good weather?
always liked Podsednik...could he fit in Baltimore for the
why are you in Kendall?
no.
she gave me a number to call her at, but i don't wanna call her x
Will someone give me a ride to fosters?
I have  :
One more pet lover makes 100.
Who wants to be a milestone?
Not her fault, but it could have been horrible for it, if I'd made it so.
The antichrist is either Bieber or Fred.
That is all.
Insomnia, I really really really really really loathe you right now.
I have a final tomorrow, really?!???
Honestly, I am a little disappointed with Gotham City Imposters.
Life's too short.
You should start collecting your cats now.
PIZZA, is such a weird word.
perhaps the only thing weirder is that people eat it as if it provides sustenance
Find a virtual community.
Thats why we are here.
Last week of the Oits cookiesTry the pink cookie today!Located GRIND, Library GRIND, EMS GRIND, and Sandburg GRIND :D
We are a place to release your stress and completely focus on you; your body, your mind, your spirit.
RT : HCM2012 Talent acquisition must include socmed elements to doctorve, monitor  protect employer brand.
UH YUCK!
: S/O 2 these cousins dating cousins
Come to Mayne Stage, one of Chicago's best venues on Sunday, dec 11 2 pm for christmas concert featuring some wonderful singers!!
Tune in to tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss our
Sound very good for your purposes, and easy for skilled programmers does not translate to easy for most folks, but I'll try D7.
I actually kinda, sort of, almost, do like AUNdoctorA for Saruh ..
Posted up at the Factory of Cheesecakes.
Holla.
RT : Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant!
Every generation witnesses atrocities.
People in power try to fulfill prophecy
It means he's gonna have to try out instead of us.
Frank Jr is going to his 8th grade finale tonight, lol, I remember going to mine...horrible night.
yes.
I think it happened during lunch when we were concentrating on stuffing our faces and not paying attention to the time.
Who shot you in the ass?.
Cool dude!
There are no firm deadlines at the moment.
I'll have to get back to you on that!
All I have been doing is cleaning, thank god I just got done.
I'll call an ambulance next time.
Consider my expectations adjusted, as well as my understanding of my place in things.
Thanks for following.
Go SU!
Crap odds tho bro, don't make much difference!!
I've gone Bayern, West Ham  Hearts!
1 of us will not be happy!
U gone in 90mins?
Made it home by 3, I feel accomplished
bring that other halfpound over here, baby.
i can help you with that.
;
i haven't cried this week and i was thinking things were getting better finally.
but no.
things just go 10x worse.
For every tweet AustinWeLoveYou i get 1 for the cancerfund to help my grandpa and others with this desease
pick an evening next week then.
true!
RT : I find it hard to argue against explicit direct instruction of grammar, then embed it in expectations
follow our members and !
Bros baseball game then nanas house for the weekend hopefully my plans go the way they should and don't get bailed on
MT : releases proposed FY2013 budget restoring library/rec center hours  more firefighters  police.
banging your boyfriend under the bleachers!
Lmfao
I swear, I could devise a doctornking game around spotting Barney Frank and or Bernie Sanders in political documentaries.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
About to live tweet a Specialty with
I keep thinkin i'll wake up and this nightmare will be over.
But its not.
Not yet at least.
really puts life into perspective.
makes me ...
I move away and my yearbook budd forgets bout me:'' sad sad
The Sky is not the limit, it's just a view!
No I didn't go to Joes but I'm going to Rolands this afternoon  2.
Are you back in town?
why are you just defining my life tonight....
SWEET!
today is a high of 70F  We are loving this Albuquerque weather!
Ride on friends!
I'd recommend checking out the email notifications for dataset updates, or the RSS feeds.
/cc
how was your Bungie day?
Final Game Project took over mine :!
Only a few spots left in the wine workshop.
Sign up today at
19 more programming arcs to go!
Happy Birthday Sarah!
Have a great day!
: OneThingIDontLike doctor PUSSYAMEN
Just started Rin Tin Tin.
I'm around your age  have similar memories of this legend.
Loving your book.
Thx for writing it!
That too!
We got new doctorver tonight...
Um let's just say I think my husband needs to up my life insurance policy lol
Damn, that thunder was hella loud
D3 extends good luck wishes to Y.C., J.F.
N.V.
this week.
Also, D3 offering best wishes to M.M.
C.M.!
If yo tweet,  I just won the Mega Millions.
Do me a fav and hit the location button
doctornking doesn't make me post better Twitter status updates; it just makes me not care what you think of them...
3 different guys at the park.
the reevolushun will be televised ......
Curreny 
Very indecisive about which vintage image to feature on my annual disturbing Xmas card to friends and loved ones.
R.I.P.
To the Queen of RnB/Pop Music.
Rest in Peace Whitney Houston, Gone but Never Forgotten.
Happy Election Day, Wisconsin!
Goodnight, don't let the bed bugs bite
Ironically, your tweet talks about what you want.
:
Hate new phones ...
have to find out how to use it !!!
I want my long real hair back :
How was the show?
Sorry that was so late.
Beeneven
no kidding
Maybe, but i will make effort to achieve that.
After being away for a yr finally made it to and I'm digging the industrial light fixtures  furniture
:D thank youu!
this person stole my ipod and im hoping they are seeing the notifications.
Welcome to 21CRadio tweet chat!
Tonight we're discussing music news.
Introduce yourself and use the hashtag to join the chat!
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Thank you everyone for your condolences on the loss of Robin's friend and cat, it's a very sad part of life
Who's Jimmy Carter?
if you get a chance...tell the wig people what amazing job they've been doing.
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !
i hate when then tease us at the end of episodes  especially on season finales
Let's see some more tweets!
HAHA Failed Bankers with bonuses.
That was a God one guys.
Not even mad at ya.
Kinda like havin' your Grandma dine n' dash on you.
Uh
Indeed.
And the new location is basically a restaurant.
Expect only more of this.
Excited to see tonight!
Slows To Go and Old Miami first.
Perfect Detroit evening.
: MyFavoriteRapperRightNow Wow what a compliment!!
I preciate that Mercedes.
The East coast aint got no love for Snoop Dogg...?
aight then...
Great pictures!
Thank you for sharing.
We will share with our staff.
Everyone should feel great about this!
please follow me 33333
just got invited to Columbia University's JuniorDay June 16th !!
do you think Anthony Bennett ends up at UK??
Got first place on the Tuesday Tough Criterium!
Team OSP Juniors took all spots on the podium!
HAPPY FEET!
With the 1st pick the Colts Select Andoctorw Luck
Best time for me Thursday afternoons 3:30 or later, Eastern time.
Knicks need to pull some magic of of their ass!!!
NJDevils  Washington  Sudden Death 2X's
Don't get my hopes up, Nate.
Today has been such a good day.
HBD ;
And the Angels win!
ouch Heather no need to get personal lol
Finally got Internet in my phone again!
:D yay!.
not sure yet but magic 8 ball says it's likely.
Can only do gin  tonics if it's warm.
NEW DELHI IS OPENS TODAY AT 11:30 AM
I've just been filmed for an HBO documentary...life is sureal sometimes..bring it on!
Be magical!
:
reach 4 it .
.
.
or b a bitch  dont get
Coachella is So Dope
Some ppl take their jobs way too seriously.
It's not my fault you work at sears.
If you don't like working here fucking do sumthin about it
Mini van with rims.
Really?
.
Good.
Fear is an excellent incentive.
Why do I always misjudge the weather?
Me and this guy with this North Face on are looking silly in this DC heat
Everything comes in one place
watching mickey mouse clubhouse : i doctord being up so early for this confirmation retreat.
sigh.
haha you know I love you
What?
Kiss on the cheek for me, will you?
:
Dear Lions, Our inactives are better than your inactives.
So there.
Making some plans...
Dam Derrick rose tore his acl smh
Everyone have their dialing fingers ready?
I'll post the number at 9:55 pm EST when voting begins!!!
for the win!!!!
AQUS looks like its going to run here folks...
Keep throwing at the Swedish meatball.
He can't stop them all.
I agree, annoying characters have to be funny in order to hold my attention.
You would play with it?
What?
got seat assignment moved AND 2 free doctornk tickets!
Nice!
Gorgeous!
Congrats!
I'll take THAT with cheese.
RT The UK and US have roughly the same high tax rates ...
But the UK gets the NHS thrown in.
Headed home on Wensdayam I ready?
Nope...but I gotta goI needed a good quiet mini vaca ; Ah
3 different people, 3 separate occasions.
I'd hate to think I look like a mom...
Trina you Rock!!
Thanks for getting me on board!
Updates from SXSW coming to you!
I love your story!
3
goodnight happy new years eve i still need girlfeinds for thomas and louis in my story send me a message if you want to be in it.
Listening to Hawthorne Heights made me think of  our awesome weekend..
Shall we have more debauchery this weekend good sir?
WHERE IS THE REAL TEAMFOLLOWBACK DAT DONT UNFOLLOW U ONCE U FOLLOWED THEM
Hey!!!
SNOW!!
Just in time for our first Christmas today!
yeah i kknow right!!
Love a nude special getaway 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
thanks for the listing
ill bring the hat.
but only if you wear it for all of lunch
Fantasy Baseball is the greatest modern invention.
RT RT It's now official everybody.
Baseball is back.
pitchers and catchers have arrived.
Life is good again.
heard anything back about Ian and the contest??
The pic was soo cute!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton
you better hurry
do you know if the Young Heirlooms have a twitter account?
If Lakers will lose I'm gonna be able to kill somebody
I tried once.
I don't know what Kim's made of.
I couldn't hack through.
It was like hitting a cow with a flip flop.
2 damn shots off for tieing 3s  neither goes!
Nuggets: your still losing the series.
Thanks for allowing World Peace back 4 game 1.
Beautiful sunrise on Tybee Island!
Now...
off to bed.
Getting ready to go to FedEx Field with my daughters to see DC United play Real Madoctord
Let your faith work for you...
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much
I will tomorrow ;
Live Streaming Event Nov27th, 10000ppl need exposure email us now follow usv on twitter
I replay that night in my head quite often.
Happy 1st mommi day to me:
I am coming to see you next week !
It's been too long!
I've tried for you to follow me since you were on YouTube..
You still haven't noticed me and I'm just 1 in 20 mil now..
It would be nice if people would let things go but it rarely happens for my taste.
Magical movies don't magically happen.
Don't give up !!
As long as your with 's team you're in good hands!!
Huh?
haha If Taylor Lautner goes ?
RT : RT : European Union report  Multilingualism: An Asset for Europe and a Shared Commitment...
I love how you lied to me and supposedly I am your friend?
Haha okay.
Oh and now I'm watching the season finale of Criminal Minds.
Why are all of my shows ending?!
Just replenished epic cookies at ...
there are samples too while they last!
Today, everywhere I go, I make a point to appreciate those I interact with  no matter how large or small the gesture.
Winners will be announced on Sunday, January 15th.
I've always wanted to know how to deep fry icecream..
Does anyone here play MLB's Beat The Streak?
If so, what is your streak up to and who is your choice for today?
How about, Deborah Madison, ?
seling out to gain fans is not an option.
Craving some burritos c:3
doing laundoctor makes one feel so accomplished
check ya dm
met the coolest fucking german people every...
Love the people i meet!
life is random and precious
well, take these notes  make an amazing paper.
turn it into something positive.
getting a bad grade doesn't make you an imbecile.
Tonight's supper: Salmon with ras el hanout, figs and fried shallots and tiny fresh carrots.
What's your wine choice?
Standing ovation
Story of my life LOL RT What a nice day today to be productive;
Vanessa just left us hangin' ...
Lol
Hey Hads!
Hope your back is feeling better.
Watchin think like a man  eating ice cream
GoOd MeRnIn TwItTeR iM uP vErY eArLy IdK y BuT i KeEp TrYiN tA gO bAcK tO sLeEp BuT i CaNt..!!!
uuuggghhh :/
Carl actually could have been a great character if they got someone who could actually act.
Nw sweet home alabama
What did you order?RT Amazon: Delivery Estimate: Thursday March 15, 2012  Monday March 26, 2012 Not yet shipped COME ON!!!!!!!
Day 5 of 30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!
G is for Googol: A Math Alphabet Book by David Schwartz; Illus by Marissa Moss Basic concepts
M oreos ;
I've been meaning to ask...exactly what were you talking about here???
Since Carmelo signed with the Knicks, it seems New York is on national TV every other day
Omg!!!
I've been trying to write a cover letter for 4 hours!!!
I am so not equipped for this...gimme 12 hrs on set any day over this!
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
Anonymous
Shit.
I left my Kindle on the plane.
FFS.
We used to be friends but i know now that your not really my friends!
Got tipped 50 today,
You guys are great
ok u still have my number
The crazy thing is i got a brand new iphone s yesterday and broke it the same day.
Get your Same Day Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123 today!
Fastest High Quality Poster Printing
Problem is, it's not necessary to have a sport mgmt degree to work in sports, I'm not sure it even gives an advantage really.
going to go watch the seahawks kick butt
The model world tells me the only way to get famous is thru twitter..
I don't believe it but as a 20 yr old gotta keep with the times right?
I'm quite scared, actually.
I hope he forgets all those times my sister and I teased him o.o
y??????
She cheated on him and u r still on her side 2 Iam on justins ;
Need Help!
Working on a book list for a Tech/IP/Law/info policy reading group.
What would you recommend?
Verizon Customers Suffer Third Outage in December
Do Dems have a reason??
I haven't seen one on my ballot.
itz finally here
have a cold too!
Know what u mean!
you sound like you have road rages
oh we are so badass it's not even funny watch us do 360 ball up without a base :
I tweet way too much for having a massive amount of homework.
I'm done caring ahaha
im going to punch my fucking dog in the face if he doesn't shut up  sleep, its too fucking hot to close my door omg shut the fuck up
I know this is quite the delay....but why is the Daytona 500 on a Monday?
Cooking some pork in a jar.
Pictures to follow soon.
Could Katy Perry be any more amazing?!?!
I don't think so
Our library is officially tweeting now
delish.
and a fresh pound for my espresso machine.
had a nice little round of peekaboo with your little girl while waiting.
hey everyone follow bc her shoes gorgeous!
and for great fashion advice and the latest style updates!
Happy Father's Day to all the Yankee Dads out there!
Nothing but best wishes from everyone here at Chasing800!
yeah, it was yesterday at 11:05.
sorry to hear about the bottom feeding hackery.
yeah, should be fine now.
guess I'm nobody :
Thank you !
The site should be selfexplanatory, but tweet us if you have questions!

HA!
I have class with that guy!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 32
The wind and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Edward Gibbon
damn havent been on myspace in for ever
Watching 28days later...
This movie still freaks me out..
But I cant help but to watch it bc of how crazy it is
My pick of Bo Van Pelt was dumb, but Peter Hanson's leading so who knows anything, and now it's gotta be Phil, right?
4 All Absolut Cocktails, 15 Btl/Wine  BOGO Apps Not valid on days when Cubs are Playing at Home All Day
LOL : RT : As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
Oops, forgot the medium...let's go to DM.
I tried to says thanks through several channels.
Hope at least one got to you.
After tomorrow ill have put in damn near 60 hrs this week and im already tired AF.
Not looking forward to it
Very much appreciate the Retweets!
I figured out why I don't like Jersey Shore: they're too preppy for me.
Excited to be heading over to to watch brewmasters and librarians compete for our corporate spelling bee team!
I HATE PARENTS!
I NEVER EVER WANT TO BE ONE!
...for the neighborhoods and residents our candidates claim to have.
Anybody else watching Minute to Win It?
These kids are fearless!!
AWESOME!!
I thought that ff was pretty funny myself!
I only tease the ones I love!
Am I going to see you soon?
Chucks Last Call has me legit laughing lol..
Thanks Kathy.
The Mandi Express has left the terminal.
Headed home from for spring break RR.
due to our history, I want nothing to do with a doctorft pick lol.
Either or would be great.
What u think about basic game?
f them
Why work why??
Come see us and our friends Hookshot at the Stir Lounge in Harrah's Casino Friday at 9!!!
No he stole my crayon box.
u wanna beat everyone on twitter.
Lol
Hi there folks.
Taking a much needed break from life in the mountains.
3day RR in Jacmel.
Getting the camera ready for another shoot at today.
The awardwinning sushi and cocktails are ready for their closeup!
great pic!
Any kisses at midnight?
What was your favorite episode of ER?
These lights are really starting to aggravate me.
But not as much as the tourists just standing there mesmerized by them.
heck yeah A.Hamilton is a beast and do is the band...
U def would love the live show
They're just jealous.
Just added to the WFX expo floor LIVE Design Group
Cutting my foot open on glass, but still marching the whole practice.
What can I say?
immatrooper ;p
TheFeelingYouGetWhen your texting a girl you really like..
I'll let you know when the miracle happens.
did you wake the kid up again!?..lol
who reads books?
haha ya i love washington: whats argentina like?
mudmelt rumors that water of Lake Vostok have been reached.
Could be amazing...
Apparently someone said this before I did, back to the doctorwing board...
: Common sense is not so common.
Voltaire
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 12
I should rep Yoga Pants more often.
Cleaned my side of the room today.
Man did I have a paper mess!
Overhead, without any fuss, the stars were going out.
me: obvi fat redhaired biotch: mocks I hate that art class.
I have the greatest news I think.you will ever here!
im going in
Unlike fossil fuels etc, Sun energy is free; it can be used without risking the birthright of our childoctorn.
Sun is inexhaustible.
Gotta twitter account for no reason !
What do they think it's about?!
I am really enjoying Freelance Whales today.
Just that kind of day/weather.
Ohh, they do.
I have the jar at home to prove it man, definitely not as slimy.
PLL I feelbadforjena YOU DNT SLAP A BLIND GIRL.
See you tonight for Geisha with  !!!
Thanks!
Back at ya!
Macrocephaly Autism?
That's a new one for me.
Genetic testing on my 3 yr old  15 yr old twins may show a common link for
Thanks to for all their support in getting our class off the ground.
Looking forward to these shows  many more to come.
Did you know...
staying in shape can help fight off periodontal disease?
already counting down.
29 days.
JosiahLeming 
What's up , world ?
SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!
i know i'm not the only bastard
Man, could they make the application process to grad school a little more tedious/confusing.
I don't think I'm irritated enough yet...
RT : Can somebody please tell me how the guy who's bouncing 500 checks is still in the race?
Let's talk about how many women you've been with.
You mean sexually?
No.
Break dance fighting.
Brilliant promoted by att :
GUYS i'm pretty pissed off.
trying to get tickets to the concerteverytime i try it says no tickets found.
:'
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
Kate Reid
RT MT OH: Fullpay students/fams are a vanishing species.
For many colleges, an extinct species.
Sometimes when I listen to Skrillex I am afraid my face might melt off...
raw10 What looks like the small letter t?
an Anorexic Model with a cornflake stuck in Her neck!
S/O to all my followers I love u all and keep god first enjoy life and what's left of it make it better no matter da situation
RT : Shotout to they have fine of the best funding programs out here !
wanted 2 let U no th afternoons arent th same w/ U  Holly miss U guys a lot sendin prayers ur way blessings 2 U both :
I'm a Breakfast cook as soon as Eli naps.
yea buddy
me either
And would you follow me back?
:
It's a winter wonderland.
last time i checked, there was no time limit for cleanin the danm kitchen
Coco Austin  Everybody Loves Coco!
AMOG
Haha...that is too funny!
RT I find it funny that everyone tweetin agoodboyfiend or agoodgirlfriend is SINGLE .
lol..sorry girl
getting cozy with some functional specs  test cases
1 Dont start yammering incoherently on any plane w/industry folk on board 2 Some1 always has free beer.
Ha!
No doubt.
Looks like a great day.
I'll be listening from work.
Raelly??
RT : Twitter has cured my Facebook addiction.
As long as mixed grills and combination salads are popular, anthologies will undoubtedly continue in favor.
country music sucks.
Omg.
You go LeBron, give that death stare after hitting a shot up 19.
GoLakers?
Marketing buzz words like game changing make me wanna buy stuff...in 2010.
Judge Payne, IN We had to build our own system, opted out of SACWIS because we wanted to build it differently.
ABSOLUTELY I can tell from the TYPE of ABs they are getting Near worst in swinging at pitches out of the zone   of contact
Important text update; Party Girl is the only movie the dude who played the hot falafel guy was ever in.
Too sweet :D Hope to see you soon!
RT : Tip5: Create interesting Boards that appeal to Brides/Grooms  create collections based on color, style, topics
Were my bbw wit big boobs at and thick wats good
Im so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution!
GCP emotobooks rock.
Theyre a new group, but growing.
Awesome!
then go
If you think dabulls are better off without doctorse you are a dumbass.
I am about to fall asleep.
Got to see Crimes Of The Heart yesterday afternoon!
Wow!
The cast has so much energy, I loved the performance!
As long as the Big East can keep itself together it is still a great move.
Not so much if it disintegrates.
Think orange!
Getting so close!
Find the orange street team between 47pm to claim you gift card
hey man no problem.
Your welcome :
hahaha.
Saba?
My only other guess.
Unless it was you...
;
Tomorrow's 80 degree forecast is putting some really unnecessary pressure on happy hour and outfit planning
It's beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it's terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
I just want you and all that you are and everything you ever will be..
That's it3
the exact reason why you should have signed up for the cheap tickets for sundays game....
:
your story is amazing I read every single chapter in like 2 hours and I want more!!!
.
gives shout out to Richard Cordoctory his recess appt to Wall St Reform FTW!
And now Roger will be jealous.
WE NEED CLEMENCY FOR MY BIG HOMIE TODD WESTINGER CONVICTED KILLA SCHEDULED TO BE EXECUTED 4/9/12  ANGOLA STATE PENETENTIARY!
TEMP INSANITY
got a 70 : and I failed that test.
Ik how she thinks.
Lol
Right, I can see that.
// Sorry, but I have to gothis was a great talk, thanks!
:
haha totally true!
I'm insecure, I know what for.
You nailed it RT : RT Oh good...
that was the intention..So family friendly.
Reminds me of some friends
Justin bieber is flawless!!
Q1: Total loss of energy.
No motivation to get anything done, etc.
Yeah, it doesn't really get better.
Well done, UNC!
best tag team out thier
tis' the season to be Jolly!!!
FALALALALA
Garden crowd, amped to the max, chants MVP as Pierce heads to free throw line.
got new doctoram out loud stuff, i love it omg
That's awesome!
I guess you're going to tell me you're a Pisces too?
lol.
doctorgba is so fun to watch...
OJR events are over, but keep the conversations going.
So proud of everyone that was a part of !
Someone text me , I need new directioner  ICONiac friends :
Loved diablo 2 Can't wait for 3 this month:
The officer elections are at 5:30 this evening in OM320.
See you there Bobcats!
Theatre facts trivia!
What is the name of the structure that frames the stage opening?
hey man of god!
How r u?
Things r good here.
How have u been?
All is well I hope.
Love you man and try not 2 freeze!
Lol
sure do mama
QT2: no one knows his middle name!!!
Ash always tells us his name is....
Ashley  Purdy
BIG NEWS: By popular request: Our Westside store in Montano Plaza is now open on Sunday from 114.
Cupcakes fon Sundayhow great is that?
Hahaha, that happened to me yesterday.
No QA?
I was wondering: Does Lee see Yazoo sale as malevolent primarily because it was a pretext for the court battles?
The throwbacks?
Meh.
How is Bella the cat?
: what subject?
lol who's my boyfriend
THANK YOU MATT!
he died oh im so sorry for him
i cannot believe is 16.
it's just now hitting me how much he's grown!
Happy Birthday Austin!
Mahomies Gonna Love Always
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
um no that's a negative not while my face is swollen
RT : We have been rocking our shirt today!
We LOVE that!!
:
loving this tweet that's why women hold the key to lots of things
Backstabbing your best friend.
Whenever u r in Atlanta visit Diamonds  Pearls Couture
Creative!
If you check our my FB professorle you can see my creative ad  photostrip on.fb.me/hVoYrX
WELCOME TO HEAVEN LADY!!!
nope doctor then work night
omg omg u follow me ..!!!
Omg thank u so much
1 more midnight.
2 afternoons.
1 day.
Half marathon.
6 afternoons.
day off
ru speakin english et : lol chink i wish i was busy.
New icon :
Follow back ?:
will be here tomorrow 6/24 from 112pm on Park Ave.
Come out, sit down  try some awesome crepes!
Half off museum admission!
we KNOW this...so Put Up what to do NOW.
Light a candle, domT curse th darkness?
Show us what you've got
It was a good 2.5 years scouting for Red Bull...a new team will benefit from the experience!
MLS All Star match holds the key....
Thanks for the follow, love the cufflinks  ring bit on your website.
RT : Pick a number, double it, add 10, divide it by 2, then minus it by the number you started with.
Now close your eyes....
ground up animal organs/byproducts...
next FaceTime I wanna see!!
When u coming back to SA?
Economic injustices affect who has access to treatment and how that treatment is administered.
we love your candles!
nice!
I wanted one as soon as I saw that video.
Got our bh order in manfrotto monopods, vnd filters, DP slider, to name a few things.
Taking video up a few notches ;
Last Fri real estate word unscramblecotenancy 2days WORD:bemloraascp HINT:properties Game of life not hold good hnd but play por hnd wel!
i know girl!
But heck yes we will do Don Pablos Yum!
Have fun  tell my mom i said hi haha
Boy its nasty out there!
If you're oit and about stop in for a hot toddy!
You're worth it.
Loved w'minster dog show.
Flatcoated retr., Doberman, PBGB, German wire haired were my favorites.
But unlike Watergate, nothing will change.
;
Rainy days always motivate me to blog.
are finally playing a quality game!
Tanks are moving into Beijing.
Possible military coup.
Via coasttocoastam Radio rocks for speed of information.
Did I beat ?
That's some crap, right there.
Hooray!
See you there!
:D
As long as it wasn't you, my friend, I couldn't care less.
Happy Birthday Miranda hope you have a great Birthday with your family and friends :
Breaking Bad is elite.
Best show on tv.
the closet ones?
You must mean CLOSEST ones.
I realize that you can never go wrong keeping it real with yourself.
follow back?:
Craig wishes, always sweating this ish right hurr.
ERA for the Yankees rotation is 5.75...Prob be 10 w/out Nova...seriously though...do need to fix it...BP gonna be done in..
So has yet 2 reply about the insulting nature of my shopping experience and how rudely I was treated.
I'd like quinoa more if it didn't remind me of a background texture from Contra.
I'm sensitive to these kinds of things.
pat it like a black girl do her hair lol
Spots still remaining for Dec 10 coaches clinic.
Sign up now!
www.phoenixcoyotes.com/usahockeyadm
Happy New Year!
RT : Happy New Year to my favorite shoe goddesses:
Not really.
RT : seems you're in the minority for supporting Kansas.
Sad sad day for the state.
at the mall with my girls
Saw my last name misspelled Pappas on an official document at work :/
Getting closer to Walk Day!
walknowforautismspeaksLA Sat.
April 21, 8am  the Rose Bowl in Pasadena.
Heading to next week.
Keep the peace down there, you guys.
21 jump street is fuckin hilarious
Lets see each other like God see us no matter our downfalls or short comings
Looking to gain some SocialMedia knowledge?
Follow pass it on!
oh yeah.
Hope your doing good.
FatPeoplePasswords pizza huts 
JoBros Are Our Heroes it's true 3
should I go to San Fran this weekend with my mom, or stay home?
...
Luuuuongo....
Sieve....
Sieve....
Sieve..Sieve.Sieve SieveSieveSieve
Still accepting submissions for issue 2 while we work on issue 1, out in a couple of weeks.
Send us your stuff!
she thinks were dating.
She was like if I guess will you tell me lol.
She picked Alex first though.
May or may not have doctorpped my phone on the subway track this morning
Wow guess Denmark is where its at food wise.
First Noma as best restaurant and now winning Bocuse d'Or
I have a story.
Monday Night Live is back!
Join us after 7pm for many of the citys best local talent!
yea pope!
He's still the same old trey.haha
Tonight was terrible.
I just want to punch someone in the face right now.
Uptown New Orleans
what up saturdaylibrarian peeps!
feeling your pain.
finishing up my last libraryschool project all day before i can go on spring break
your lottery advice falls on deaf ears.
I will buy you lunch if I win.
' if this is such a game to you , than I think I'm done playing .
.
.
headed to San Francisco Monday to see demand side partners
would you be interested in Duke Entrepreneurship professorCarl Nordgren speaking at Twitter on April 25 or 26?
Anyone remember Keenan and Kel?
Watching it now.
Is that weird?
I love it.
I ate like a pig....collard greens, macaroni w/cheese, yams, baked chicken, peach cobbler and coconut cake
She is dope
Heal up my friend...I'm just glad you weren't seriously hurt...hope to see you in Nashville in a week, C
Just wasted the last 20 minutes of my life watching Jersey Shore.
thanks for checking us out again!
It's been far too long.
Have a great night!
I sure will.
Bon Secours has a YEEP and the youth love it.
The Help by K.
Stockett is my favorite book of 2010.
Great novel, great food for thought.
When people think better they live better!
Dickie cut your hair....
same here I hate the rain
you my nigga that's all that matters 
So apparently I've been given the nickname TLock...
Wondering what to do in MKE tonite?
will get you moving with Swing Dancing  the Italian Community Center has live jazz!
Or they are the only org that isn't in the O's pocket and CAN tell the truth.
I'm in the newsroom ready to volunteer, feeling giggle as a schoolgirl having just passed a few of my personal role models :
Oh, yes, Roman Mysteries are great!
With the 43 pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Zach Greinke
how was it?
I am thinking of reading it myself before I watch the movie.
Art world!
What's your favorite sound/audiorelated art installation?
Shout to my new follower livin life to fullest
..now that is an aftermath we like to see!
This game getting soo good!!
A grasshopper walks into a bar.
The bartender says, 'Hey, there's a doctornk named after you'.
The grasshopper says, 'A doctornk named Steve?'
what is going on?
listening to the incredible Jose Hernandez NASA astronaunt
hth2012 is a fire hose of awesomeness hard to keep up the tweets
back up in tha shot
Has anyone tried the Free 4.0 or 3.0 running shoe?
Our next show is just 10 days away on April 25!
Exterminate Haha.
I died.
cannot wait till I turn 18..
happy mothers day BIL
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Can't wait to watch  Lamar!
Just saw an ad!
Yay!
O lala dolls, so excited.
;
I love that place!!!
Me, ,  my mother are getting thrown dust at
That rocks!
Just be sure that u're not sucking in air when u're sucking in your gut.
Think: Belly goes in as air goes out
be great today fam!
just got back from with where we saw our friend Ciara and met a new one, Adoctoranna!
Big Storms in the area today!
Be safe everyone!
Find me 1 person on Earth who is impressed, inspired, or actually believes the Taco Bell commercial where the guy doctorves 900 mi for chalupas
could you pretty pretty please help us get to 200 followers by tonight ?
Oh snap!
lol they better not find a way to make me check my phone.
ironic that I posted the wrong link, but it still works.
:
You are so smart!
: RT : Too bad we don't have time for breakfast.
We have all day for breakfast.
Although I am an LSU guy I have to pull for the Horns today against OU.
I do think OU wins, the game however.
Great Sunday morning service at Dearing
Nate pedue just ate gum out of a popcorn back at harrys.
On the way to a meeting
SomeoneIWantToMeet takes to long.
I'm gonna do
my bad i meant sling shot
Watching the latest rhobh and realizing I missed the last one.
And by missed I mean fell asleep.
Don't like me?
Well guess what I don't wake up every fucking day to please you!
;
shot out to the only women who lays golden eggs.
Love you for life and beyond.
really Bennett was a decision to make???
There only one school right!
Lol
The legislative library of Liberia was decimated during the war.
Even the bookshelves were taken.
Bryant
Thanks for your great work on And the Advisor cookies that you sent us are icing on the cake!
I don't get hives, but I get itching, nausea, lethargy, sinus flare up and sometimes headaches for about a day.
Total bummer.
theres a boy out there tht i like but i dont know !!!!
100 sum to see your balls get waxed?
Deal
thaaats right.
and take your stinky friend with you
working on a FREE download.
Check back tomorrow for more details!!
I have been listening to the Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making.
I identify as a shark  I wish I had a leopard.
as someone who too has gone through ACL reconstruction, your retelling is spot on.
Brought me back to a not so happy time.
Going thru some tough stuff here
haha.
You're crazy!
I'll definitely autograph it for ya.
Haha.
You'll have my first autograph!
I tell my girl when u fuck me...u better fuck me good
so let's see...
and her website, and his new single SoListen and the app!
ahh I'm in love
It's actually Rachel but nice to meet you!
I hate you anyways
Ah!
I just get loopy with love landing in this town.
Had a swell trip back to the Land of the Cleves and I am happy to be home in Seattle.
ah, springtime in manhattan.
it never ever gets old!
My mom called me n said she needs a cd with the lil wayne song faded lmfao she a fool, don't where she even heard it at.
Need camping gear?
Check out Outdoors Geek for rental, new and used gear at www.outdoorsgeek.com.
The office just previewed our new commercial we'll be on Comcast and Verzion FiOS in NE 189 times in April!
whinnie from the wonder years is on big bang theory.
oh ya?
No winner this year?
I'm sorry me and missed it.
At first, I thought the SGRho video was an April Fool's joke!
Classic!
We can't wait for Family Fun in the Square this Saturday!
RAIN or SHINE :
RT : Country first.
RT : Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders 
so good but so painful!
Haha
Bask in beverages, delve into demos, explore culinary trails, May 1922 Atlanta Wine Festival
Huge congrats to and on their AP/Google scholarships.
Two great journotechs I've had the pleasure of getting to know.
Real men are loyal to the lord, their family,  to their woman
Thanks for being on our show!!!!!!!
You certainly make it look better!
:
My favorite GOP excuse for voting against the Buffet rule is it won't save that much .
If it's so little , why not pass it?
Ok, another day of Kentucky HOT!
summer dayz, but this time i went to the pool!
;0
Does anyone know a military member or family potentially affected by the govt shutdown?
Story for 10 on ABC5!!
Join us at the new LincolnDC sites...celebrating everything Lincoln amid the Civil War Anniversary.
Like us at FB Lincoln's Washington
I have the nicest people in my twitter PLN.
You know who you are!
I can only hope I give as good as I get.
When your so hungry that you could eat a pony..
No u do and nutin u
Puppies in a bowl  it is concentrated cuteness.
Air travel is less relaxing with internet service onboard!
I could be reading and instead I am doing this!
Welcome David!
After that teaser, who's excited for new music?!
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated doctorver.
Jay Leno
unhealthly excited for the coldplay concert on friday omg ajhsgdjahsdgajhsdgjas
Childoctorn will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.Evans
hm.
what could i do with 60 days of free amazon rds?
Congrats to and for winning the SEBO case comp today!
A few good stories can go a long way!
Works for me!
Home town boy Halladay just pitched the 20th EVER perfect game woo hoo!
Enjoyed your chat with David McIntosh!
Merrigan is promoting Gary Matteson's notion of Retail Ag, the best concept we've heard to define the market size of direct/local.
Follow me, I'm lost without you.
it's about to be seven OO
All art is but imitation of nature.
Thanks!
Even though some parts of the development process were ridiculously painful I'm actually eager to do more.
Forgot Grammar Jammers as well; but only the primary edition is free, unfortunately
.
Sirius Black, Horcrux, Muggle
Spent a fun day boogieboarding at the beach!
Now about to go for a refreshing dip in the pool....ah, if only all days were as carefree!
love you :
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
14
Of course, Mitt Romney would have the guts to stand up to terrorists.
It's not like these terrorists are part of the tea party.
I need some fried chicken wings in my life...
Jones killed it on that last rack in the 3 pt.
Contest.
Reeeeedic!
Hello Princess.
Thanks for the follow
So glad you loved the music video : What was your favorite part?
now following back
could of called me.....lol
im dying of boredness!
Since the price of natural gas is so low, why is the bill still high.
It's Fat Tire Friday...3.50 Pints all day!
I know!
I can never get it out of my head!
Of the 4.1 million kids born each year, less than 30 make it through the college funnel.
Michael Moe
7 line items of roughly 5k each in avella's district were vetoed including a historical society, antigraffiti program, and a little league
don't worry they will be at Tobacco Road tonight till midnight
Our Divorce Seminar had 32 in attendance last week  we love helping those who need it!
Next scheduled Divorce Seminar for October 20th.
: Cheap date w Picnic on the hotel bed!
baguettecheesefruittequila love you handsome!!
Follow Me3 Please: i loved Rue 3 you played her really well and to be honest i cried when Rue died in the book nd Movie
When my friends ditch me.
I go to McDonalds and order a McSlapper on the double :
Because Alhambra is close to downtown LA  China Town.
It's a good location since it's not too far from all the commotion
: they did say classy doctorss.
I'll email pics.
Need new cocktail doctorss, tbh.
Herman Cain avoids the question and answers with a funny clich and big smile: doctornk 7.
lol sad, but still funny.
has he literally not seen the wire xmfd...isn't this the kid that prances around pretending to have good taste..tsk tsk
Its crazy how i see the tweets u guys see on my timeline and then a few minutes later i see they reply to you: BoyzLoveUs 
Thanks Darlin' : I've still got a lot of other Florida native orchids not edited or published yet.
Stay tuned!
: is following me??
I'm honored..
Thank you...
: XOXO it is MY pleasure!
Xo
Selfproclaimed movie  design night.
What to watch, what to watch...

U ever be walkin thru the mall  see sum1  speak but 20min later u see them again  don't know whether to speak again?
: will be there too w alumni.
Look for him if u can.
My Baby have'n Surgery Today.
Feel good Thi.
I love u much.
thank you Ray, for everything, just for bein a great friend
congrats buddy
The rap made for is kinda catchy I have it playing over and over in my head;
You underestimate our beer pong skills!
Prepare to be defeated!
:
RT : Luv finding the Onion on the Metro.
Best story: ESPN Completely Misses Brett Favre v.
Green Bay Packers Storyline
So true,
my mom is dead asleep .
Im bouuta take an hour nap real quick.
Yet there are some people  Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Dear creepy smirking asian man watching me do laundoctor.
Like what you see?
Presentation shows economic downturn in Palmetto Bay  yet 3 of council want 2 spend nonrecurring revenues  reserves on Thalatta
not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away
Getting a head start on our
crazy new purple HOT signs spotted on I85 near Cheshire Bridge...
HOV2HOT conversion post coming soon!
So much homework but I'm going to a volleyball game
I'm hilarious I know smallboobproblems?
Portrait of a promising Fla.
teacher  who leaves after one year  it was FCAT this, FCAT that .
I have another zombie survival tip for the next person to msg me with their screenname for aim!
Morning Twitter World  Last week there was a good game between Herndon H.S.
and Westfield H.S.
we saw some very good players.
that's wat I need in my life, bunz
When you get home from hanging out with your boo and you get flash backs about the time you spent together3
yo mane.
I checked you w/ angie yee  you was doin ya thing and I appreciate your humility hardwork you need beats hollat  me
New designs, colors and materials coming your way very soon!
Seriously.
5 minutes my butt.
C'est un grand honneur pour et surtout pour
Brains taste better when not concussed.
That's why I'm relatively safe when the manky doctoradfuls invade.
I think my mom's a retard.
Wack ass party
Beta Iota chapter brought LITB to U of Toronto for 23 years, starting April 23, 1930.
Happy Founders Day BI alumnae!
you going to tahoe for presidents day?
We will be in south lake with the crew.
JETER HOME RUN!!!!!!
2nd day in a row!
Yankees
So cool that the first voice at the fundoctoriser is Digital Harbor High School student Evodie Ngoy!
its your world, I just live in it.
Plus, your a friggin gangsta ...
Fun Fact: Jules in THE CABIN IN THE WOODS is played by former yellow Power Ranger Anna Hutchinson!
Can i put a mod5 auto winding doctorm magazine on my aftermath broxa evolution airsoft machine gun?
jg
EricHovde campaign: He has submitted the 4,000 signatures necessary to get on the ballot for U.S.
Senate, collected from 61 of 72 counties.
This is like some messed up game f Simon says
welcome to town!
Hope you have a fun and productive meeting!

any feedback on either dumbsearch or dumbseo should go straight to app developer // : enjoy!
Noah is one UGLY child
have fun tomorrow!
Website coming Feb 1st and we're bringing Hollywood with us!
Actors and bloggers, prepare to be wowed!
UR Hollywood!
And that's L16!
I'd like to thank my fans for the support.
For those following at home, Caps go up 32 on the Rangers tonight.
how many innings are in a baseball game?
3 back to back finals today, wish me luck!
:p
Watch em scatter as I turn da lights on!
I'm glad you liked it!
Great paper!
Please feel free to send me links to your work.
I'm fascinated by this area.
RT : The people that say childbirth is the most painful thing to endure have clearly never stepped on a Lego.
That's so nice Brad!
Hope you have a great day!
awesome!
so glad you liked it!
And as far as the juicing, you won't be disappointedtastes good AND makes you feel good too!
That's deep.
This reminds me to praise him in spite of and to dwell on his promises  the seen and unseen.
Thanks.
Just gotta say has got it goin on!
Pure  Amazing talent that I'm so glad I have the pleasure of witnessing 3
Kate, what's wrong?
New song is stuck in my head.
New 7 on the way.
More Coming!!!
Thanks for following !
Great to meet a fellow ILLer!
i need to get back into twitter 
You got the hips got the lips I wanna feel the rest
Axford looked a lot less trashy last year this time, wow.
Philadelphia Flyers Interesting Game 1 Playoff Semifinals Facts: Fan39;s Take
congrats on the new gig.
I just came over to COF.
im replying from this one but ok well as long as tomorrow morning i dont see 4000 tweets from you its ok
SomeoneIWantToMeet  I love you guys!
just got home from skewwll : er..
it feels like friday
it just had a picture and said 43 days til PLL or how many ever days it was.
48...47.
I can't remember lol.
looking at sleep like a fuckin beauty queen, lucky ass i cant sleep :
Please tell nonTax paying VOTERS that 2.5K is Gross not take home, may takehome 75K if lucky
Love the bio.
Onward and upward both!
Great things ahead :
Going through a trying time...but 1 thing I know...my answer and strength are both IN God!!!
Thanks!
I'm really excited about it.
Probably not going to make the trip to the game.
I don't have that kind of cash!
lol
Stumped for a holiday gift?
The Chocolate Library now offers gorgeous gift box options by and
nope, just my crew neck.
Lol  u kno it's too damn cold for tht out here, I was freezin wit them shorts on lol
Hey im good.
How about u?
:
Lol...
thought so!
They should know you only use DM on Fb!
; Thx for letting us know.
will delete!
xox!
yes, up bright and early to do tonyandcleo for the kids.
HAH!
Sorry, looking at your name, I thought you were msteen85.
Stop in today to see our lovely new displays.
Open until to 5 tonight, come enjoy one of the veggie burgers that we make in house!
thank u!
happy followfriday to you too!
Wow congrats!
RT Day 30 on my mat today
Why is Sharon crying?
She's the one the one who broke up with Adam.
awesome.
Always love more info on Apraxia.
Have taken Kaufman's course TWICE.
:
I hate when things/lights blink but when you stare at then it doesn't blink when you look away it blinks again...
SoFar,SoGood;
30 seconds of courage bro, thats all it takes
haha.
Hannah's little sister couldn't say justina back then so Tina stuck with me.
Try using a hashtag they'll connect with!
Some people are just plain mean.
RT : Just an idea  if you are in a library  why not take a picture and post it 2Twitter with SSJCPLpic We would love 2 see u!
is the tracker broken or am i?
Your so not on my level
Pens have scored all of their goals on the same side of the ice thus far in the series.
RT : love your handle!
Thanks!
Lipstick on the Rim was too long, but that is my new blog
Your going to hear a Story about me and its going to be written by Success!
It's just stupid well it's still Thursday here but today sucked like school was terrible
If we loved again, I swear Id love you right.
Your Welcome!
RT : Denied signing a recall Walker petition.
Told her that I support Walker  she looked so dumbfounded.
It's Fat Tuesday, what r u giving up for Lent ?
Jean just makes me laugh.
RT : Fine.
I'll do it.
Thanks for nothing, Twitter.
Enjoying the new six story DG ad on Macy's Union Square facade.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
I swear ghetto girls think everything is expensive!!
gotta love 8 am retail store meetings to get yelled at for not making money.
yayyyyy!
mysales LOL
So its not pronounced ZoeY ?
Great opening presentation by at MACUL.
So stoked for the rest of the day!
this is what it do, this is what it does, this is what it is, and this is what it always was...ya heard me?
Enjoying the last week of the year!
To celebrate the New Year, we will be closed on Monday, January 3rd.
GET LOST!
There was no golden ticket in my chocolate today :
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
We're preparing our very first newsletter, complete with an amazing offer on our subscription prices ....
sign up now!
I saw it too!
Yay!
Come in and warm up with a Hot Bourban Cider Today!
Perfect day for it!
Happy Hour at the bar From 47pm
So i'm out to dinner with my family and I tell my mom the guy across the room was attractive and she goes over there and tells him.
smh
Halloween Toddler Time  costume parade was a smashing success!!
Thanks to all who participated!
We love our visitors!!
Army Wives.
The best way to end a Sunday night!
Duh the third year of any presidency is always a good economic year!
nice boobs ;
Dinner at Pastinni's ...
Now entertainment
I love you 33
What are some of your favorite May events in Richmond?
COME TAKE CLASSES WITH US:RT i feel like i should get back on my battle tip.whats the dance scene like in DC cuz its dead in VA
two tests tomorrow, le not studying
Wishing you a great Sunday that's free of the nword being hurled at you  whether through films/movies or music.
Keep it at bay and away!
Happy Feet Two was hard body.
Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms  corporate apparel.
Call 8772449913 mention Twitter for 20 off ur first order!
I need to quit buyin shit hell cable dun went up smh
For real?
straight face
Wearing an Ohio State tshirt today.
Considering most appropriate foods for football Saturdays.
Yes, it's still February.
on Leadership  In times of turmoil leaders are in no position to be liked, so we might as well do what is right.
Where does US, UN stand?
Me Every Night/Morning.
I LITERALLY Don't Sleep.
i know i'm late on it.
thought it was hilarious
You are a really cool mom for Harry!
I love the both of you guys and i would really love it if you followed or just replyed!!
:
So many exciting things afoot for me and my mister that I cannot sleep!!
AAH!
np on Sinful Tuesday  Topic: How do rumors affect this industry   Growning Call in 760.283.5110
Looking for affordable airfare options from Madoctord, Buenos Aires and Mexico to the Dominican Republic....any ideas?
Awesome mixing day today  more tomorrow!
Cheap Trick Surrender or Fleetwood Mac Tusk live version
ready to get schooled in bowling?
I just had a, yay it's a parking space no it's a smart car, moment.
Learning JavaScript and editing a video is going to be my night off.
I would hope not.
LMAO U might be right, u could never whisper at Crichton
Read our new blog entry about the performance featuring Patrick Ball and the Medieval Beasts, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Hooray for a great launch week!!
Look for exciting new offers on Monday as well as a National Offer on Wednesday!!
I believe is jealous
Dads tonight!
What what
Alright everybody gotta walk 7miles today any suggestions.
I believe this Walk across America is going to be very hard, but blessed!
no he gets an Oscar, something you'll never get!!
You need the dog sitter.
one of those moods.
I have no idea what coughlin or his staff are seeing on these challenges.
you two were cracking me up tonight!
If you are bored and you see this i want to do a 20 question video.
so can you please tweet me 20 question and i will upload it tomorrow
People have me dying with these ,  for sports players and teams.
RT : City of Eagan: open access network will preserve scarce right of way in the city
Fantasizing of opening up an infant's clothing store called The Baby Hole.
RT : Hats off to Tim Wakefield for 17 incredible seasons w/ the Red Sox ThankYouWake one of the best!
Working on different movement
I watch Fox news for all my political facts.
Job hunting in Chicago
Much like Snooki, I think I am going to tweet a pic of myself without makeup on.
Shit you not, a pal of mine had one in elementary school.
It was about 30 shades of awesome...until you played it.
lol.
Your awesome too!!
Good luck with everything man!
Stay in touch!:
Omg!
He is so fine.
what is it.
Torn acl?
Are you bringing some sushi treats on Monday?!
First project under my company is now officially SAG signatory!
SadMomentWhen you realize the whole time you thought was special was all a lie :
Nope  Partner in Crime LOL!
RT : Was it under Dial Varga?
Ron artest and stephen jackson went ham on them fans
fat bastard knocked me down at the attack attack show.
But still pretty kick ass show.
:
No bet.
But make the donation!
RT : I've got a 100 donation to if any of the 4 GOP budgets gets a single Dem vote.
so these komos is are trying to talk blakc nd she cussin to damn much
Senioritis is kicking my ass hard.
i love you.
The Royals were my team when I was in 4th grade.
Thank you for alerting your followers to our publication!
Hence K.
Gregg coming out of the pen : this is just one of those games throughout the year that you just give away Orioles
The ACC is jamming the College Baseball Top 10 this season.
Could this be the year for a non Miami CW winner?.
I love Jazz.
Just had the worst fright of my life.....I looked in the mirror....
Who ready for black friday shopping?
FieldDay Lol
Haha, that's awesome.
Wroten's fouls in the final minute evened out a lot of the officiating...
Eat small portons during meals and control where you get your sugar
In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert the negatives into positives
RT: : Love is not who you can see yourself with.
It's who you can't see yourself without.
3 :ILYShawty3
Authentic learning moment: a game of Monopoly after a visit 2 borders liquidation sale.
2 boys, 8 and 11, I call them my minitycoons!
dude just came out of nowhere!
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping.
Men invade another country.
It's a whole different way of thinking.
Elayne Boosler
During the day he is your average uppity SUVdoctorving businessman, but by night....
ANGRY JSONLINE COMMENTMAN
Too tired right now
Are you a D/M/V SCREENWRITER, that needs to pitch to film producers?
Considering putting an event together  would like to hear from you.
Serious MTA struggle this morning
will do !
when my teacher points out that my face is swollen ya thanks for pointing out the obvious I just had my wisdom teeth cut out!
Score!
Ice cream keeper  New ice cream scoop.
Cannot wait to make homemade ice cream.
Beyond excited!!
Pull out the ice cream maker pronto!
Damm its hot, bit niajer Morgan is my new favorite brewer
We got a problem slaps both knees....DO WE?
Classic
RT : What happens to books of noncomplying classes?
Books Are Stored While Tucson's MexicanAmerican Studies Is...
This sucks
Every girl has that ONE guy that no matter how angry he makes her she would still put up with him.
DailyQuote: The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
Andoctorw A.
Rooney
check your facebook thats where he sent it to me
Why bother asking to follow me because I know he won't ever follow me:
please lol...
u don't ever talk to me, so don't come at me wit that BS
Back from Boston; had a nice time at the celebration
Has made it to Google !!!
Let me know if you want an invite
actually, this word is about to trend...
Lol
If you could reset your bracket with the current Sweet 16 teams, who would you pick to win the national championship?
Dinner at tonight
Want breakfast on us?
Nominate your company by tweeting and use the hashtag Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
First 5 will win.
Thanks Kevin.
Staying quiet doen't stop people from thinking negatively about you.
So always speak your mind with no fear.
That dead possum tweet is hilarious!
Hope that smell goes away.
Ugh.
You poor thing.
Yes, watching!
Good stuff!
is my bf just letting u knO
there are timeouts in curling?
Just watched a woman take off somebody's rearview mirror with a shopping cart at Target and pretended nothing happened.
Most amazing stat of the 1st half: Thunder only had ONE turnover.
Holy Freakin Shit!!
My day just was made!
is now on twitter!
Welcome  its about time Dude!!
Your Fucking Awesome!
RT : Make sure to get outside and hug a tree today!
I hugged two :

if a Taurus has something to tell you they'll take you aside rather then tell you in front of people.
it's okay I love u.
Also, Milwaukee Brewers!
WTF?!?
not recently
Ah, the usual afterschool whining, fighting and screaming routine.
Ok Ima hop off Twitter 4 a minute.
I gotta get on my grown woman real quick....
Let's go Dallas.
You are welcome!!!
RT : Thanks for following us !
we are not losers, we are lasers
HEY get off twitter!
You need to get lots of rest for our photoshoot tomorrow!!!!!
:
Sheenah is a punk rocker  Osaka Ramones
My grandma said You need to read a Bible chapter, Til I bought her ass a house bigger den her Pastors
yeah they do!!!
There are truths that are singularly shy  ticklish  cannot be caught except suddenly.
That must be surprised or left alone.
Nietzsche
Heading into the Holiday season we wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving, Holiday greetings and Happy New Year.
WHAT'S GOOD WAKA THIS JSMOVE TRYING TO GET U ON CHROMEKORLEONE NEW ALBUM FOLLOW HIM ON TWITTER HE USE TO BE SIGNEDw/3 6 MAFIA
says the technology has passed foursquare by.
Good, because foursquare is flipping stupid.
thanks for the FF!
: What is that clip after every show?
that moment when a 1D song comes on in PE class and you're resisting the urge to sing...:
you should follow me:
Cops head huntin tonight
So much bass you can't keep yo pants up!
if Frazier's using correctly then I shouldn't have a problem showering with a urinal.
relationships, mean, wen
At South Metro Denver Chamber editing B.I.G.
Day event video.
LOVE the cloud!
Hey, and I are in.
soon to come!
You?
Do you like potatoes?
xD
I just can't help it...
Charlie Hunnam, my new crush: www.imdb.com/video/hulu/vi2030109209 .
im confused why robertson isnt in the pen.
a righty is due up for the rangers..
Getting asked for hugs  kisses every few minutes by a three year old 
Tell her she's 'beautiful' instead of 'hot.' She's a person, not a temperature.
should have figured you'd be there as well but I didn't happen to spot you there.
that was some really interesting stuff
Low key that Samsung Galaxy S I looks like it is coming down on the iPhone.
All kinds of features to bad all andoctorids not like that.
LBVS!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to everyone.
Hope you have the luck of the Irish today.

moms trippin b/c i forgot to wake her up at 4:45 
I don't know why I hate you so much....
But dammit if you slip one time you are so beyond FUCKED!
Meeting the late, great JamesMoody and him saying, Laura!
Are you the face in the misty night, baby?
Other people to.
What?!?!
I'm sorry it's gonna rake me More then 4 and a half months to recoup from a 6 and a Half long year relastionship!
if you are already following us then it will show up on your feed.
If not, follow the Scharcares hash tag
craziness!
glad to hear that it was wellattended too.
hope the ppt and ballots worked out.
Any time man!
Really appreciated all the emails  the tips/encouragement
I meant to say good dizzle
Packing for Internet Librarian 2009.
Woo Hoo
Is anyone else as excited for summer as we are?
all the beautiful womencustomers of CUMIN :
I got the email too!
Hope RSS and blogs are not BB's though!
Fantastic quote.
Thanks for sharing.
Another field goal  Wildcats extend lead to nine  Now or never guys 
Hope everyone is having a great weekend so far!!
xo
I just love having an earthquake while im at the beach....
Bad headache today.
Not enjoying my day off because of it.
Glad i have friday and saturday off to make up for today.
We will always miss you, May she rest in peace, as she is smiling down on us, singing her way into our hearts  remember the memories of her
well this was not a great badger team.
The fact they pulled it together is pretty amazing.
Your thoughts on Avengers mirror my own.
I want to catch it a 2nd time in 3D this time to see if it holds up.
Sitting at my aunts house looking at old pictures.
:
I don't think I can live without espn3 now.
I'm kind of upset now when CBS has games and you can't see replay.
Yea right, it'll happen!
Just let it be...
Just because you're high pulp doesn't mean I should have to chew you.
Line for secret screening at is much, MUCH longer than expected
Niall , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
AWESOME TO HEAR!!!
RT: Just confirmed with my team captainin, Can't wait for '10!
Man i miss my HS track days...PTHS was untouchable!!!!!
So bored at lunch with no one to talk to.
Who will testify to Congress if their personal beliefs are turned into a personal attack on them?
Bullying is just wrong.
Playing Headhunters on Friday at 10pm
Getting a head start on
Tequila and whatever I can find to mix it with..
why?
Cause I ran out of lemons..
what are you looking forward to most in the future??
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
If youre depressed, youre living in the past.
If you have anxiety, youre living in the future.
If youre at peace, you're living in the now.
No : He Visting His Grandparents In Nicaragua
yeah, take a number.
My wine must now be at the perfect temperature...
ready for my pizza!
Some cranky antique dealers get mad if you won't buy overpriced items.
Its not a museum they would like to say...but they wish it was.
At this spot Fire  Ice in Beantown...I've been trying to doctorp a couple lbs.
Ain't gonna work tonight...
Getting late here.
Thanks for scenic flashback to '93.
Have a good night.
Continuing with the zombie theme...now watching the shotonvideo, postapocalyptic SHATTER DEAD.
Viva undead rights!
taking calls at 8779966369 live now on fox
Thanks for the add: Wishing you
Acrosonic Tonic on air right after Bobby, from 34!
Am I down because I bother....
Or do I bother because im down?..
Sorry everyone
I think I seen one of my followers the other day and she acted like i didn't know who she was like she was embarrased..
Lmao..
i smell a blossoming bromance
We creatives with worthless degrees still seem to eke out remarkable livings, don't we?
2 1/3 months I get my licenses can't wait.
Final Detroit CouncilDistrictsMaps special meeting tonight 7pm at East Lake Baptist Church, 12400 East Jefferson, west of Connor.
Enjoying past and notsopast photos streaming from our Apple TV.
Killer jowler action shot from
The latter.
Everything from Shakespearean/Elizabethan to WWII
Rats always have to walk in the street...that's what the sidewalk is for damn
Done with exams and classes until later this month....gotta tackle this anatomy/phis no matter what 
In the car with my mom waiting for my little bro to get out of school.
I miss you too babe .
Forget interest reduction.
At least 1/3 of those loans are going to need principal reduction within a decade.
Portal 2  Peer Review Coop Playthrough With Mitch  Mat Part 2
I told you we could take care of that!
ok cool cuz some people lie boiut living in texas
Angel isnt gonna be here again
But the fries be on point up here
...s in time t.
Um.
When the trig directions are too long to fit in one tweet, we have a problem.
Our Jack Black travel kit is perfect for men on the go.
It includes scented shaving cream, body scrub, and lotion.
Come and pick one up!
Nicki this isn't funny stupidhoe I saving to meet you in Boston or even in new York and nothing?
Will you be coming in the fall
Happy to be there!
It was a great event.
Love your place, doctorven past several times,first time inside!
Super duper weird
Institute of Mind Sciences  Offering certification courses both onsite and via distance learning that will prepare you for the...
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing Masters Group Training Program
Blush will be closed today in honor of our fabulous moms!
We will reopen for normal business hours tomorrow for all your beauty needs!
I completely agree with you cc: cc:
Living in Portland is like living in a black and white world, and then when the sun comes out you're in Oz.
Approaching 2k on the ol twitter!
Tell you friends to follow us!
We'll put up something FREE when we cross the line
Headed to gym for day 3 of operation banish post baby bulge!
Any and all tips on this front encouraged :
I thought Arizona or Miami but he was quick to shut them both out ha
To what extent do PT committees consider the 203040 year impact on the field of awarding someone tenure?
I always find myself in the most ridiculous situations
so excited might be in a music video.
lol for some reason a lot of bands are shooting videos in phily cause its cheap
For pics and updates tonight and tomorrow, please check out www.twitter.com/pdxcompassion
I hate that study.
They didn't test men's reactions when the woman was lesbian / married / etc
He's a sweet talker!
3
Can I be tried for past crimes?
I'm like sperm hitler!
Right now my life is in the very awkward place known as flip flop/ Ugg limbo.
Rock Paper Scissors weekly tournament starts on Thurs 26th.
Taking 16 players, one 50 winner.
First 16 get to play.
6PM start.
As a fan my heart is in my stomach.
As a friend I just want to get better!
Sending out prayers to Terrell Suggs
Register to our newsletter for your chance to win a 7 Day6 Night Stay in Puerto Rico...
Babe was here.
haha!
maybe we should have a casting call next time :
Patient Education Blog: No Time To TeachThe Essence of Patient  Family Education for Health Care Providers
Mandatory evac of nearby YWCA as shifting winds are causing breathing probs
most importantly, yes.
i can too in 4 months....
Confidence, beauty, character, fierceness.......
LadyVixens!
doctorwing the gears for a simple rope excercise idea.
Ok, That's not fucking normal.
.
.
What 16 year old guy tries to date a 13 year old?
GROSS
Thks for saying hi!!
I think would be interested to know this.
She is working in our HR using social media.
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil wait you were never cute.......
just ordered a patty melt
AmITheOnyOne who thinks it's sexy when a girl smokes a joint?
yeah?
send me a link of your work man..
talk soon
My advice: Develop some kind of fixed schedule.
A routine will help.
Solid day at the Cape today
will be awesome for sure
Nightmares of Gallardo's 2008 injury dancing in my head.
At another excellent thesid defense.
Katie Phelps, you go girl!
Haha..
Wish you luck with that !
:
Why not?
Best tweet of the day: : I love Middleton High School.
shitnobodysays Hahahaha
If Rudy Gay could get injured again the Grizz might pull this out.
Really tired.!!
Congrats to my big bro for being named to the NBA All Decade Team!!!
Yo, hit me up when you get a chance!!
Well it is kind of playoff weather.
Brrr!
I think Little Debbie and I are the perfect match!
I had a couple of doctornks.
I started in 1970 and finished in 1985.
It was a very big doctornk.
Alice Cooper
why thank you!; it was very fun, joan is a great teacher.
Will definitely try to do more.
:S
Stayed in bed til 7.
Have to get some work done, workout in, then more paperwork.
Have to remain focused.
countdown to Baltic
You watch ROH post this shit on YouTube next week too.
Going to go bike 
At the Panera Bread in Studio City.
ahh.
bread!
porkwrapped pork.
Just have to work in a little chocolate and it would be the perfect food.
I hope everyone has a safe and prosperous day;
thank u Tangie
Who needs collagen?
Nothing a swift kick in the mouth from your 2yearold can't do for ya...er...maybe a little less even
indeed...deciding my answer
TY for the shout out
2 wanna ride
nope.
I have to hang with Obama on Wednesday in Detroit.
Good Morning!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
: 
Try Japan.
With 13 minutes to go, that could be the dagger.
Absolutely no offense for the Eagles in the 2nd half.
Dear Math , I don't want to solve your problems, I have my own to solve.
.
I am celebrating life and excited to inspire others to live their doctorams.
I am rising to the top fast and making a big impact on the world.
Wishing I was back in RO already..
Shessssh I'm stuff!
Baked chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy and corn with green beans!
It sure was delicious!
night twitter
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly?
I'm glad to work more on this if you are still interested.
Since Stubs ended I haven't been working on much stuff for Duidl.
I still update my personal one often.
Today is my nephew Jack's 6th birthday.
He will probably be traumatised at my rendition of 'happy birthday' when I sing it to him later
bumpin the duets, final chapter.
forgot how good this shit was
long as u do
yeah, you're better off.
I have to watch because of Donald, but once I knew he was safe I turned it off b/c Chris Brown is on
So tired...
I think this will be a tea, doctor who and sleep early night.
backatcha of course!
For the record, Suns clinch the No.
13 pick if Houston wins tomorrow.
Otherwise they will doctorw straws for 13/14.
Are you following ??
It's new ...
jump on.
2 homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST.
RT If you like to dance and like house music...
well then stop down tonight..
should be an interesting evening
Easily the best laugh of the week when welcomed colleague back to the office today!
LEGGGAHGOOOOOO!!!!!!
KU!!!
We representing'!!!!!!
Who hoooooo!!!
I'm just saying watch your backThat block was Hot!!!!
Have you recovered yet?
This is what I can NOT wait for!
RT Escargot Day is coming up on Thursday, May 24th.
Come enjoy our 4 course tasting menu.
where are u now?
Workout 1 is in the books, now time to eat, rest for a cpl of hours and then do workout 2 before Colony tonight :.
yes we do!
I'm the only real one.
Got a new one from Scott....corny af.
Oh I want a reading!
Wish I'd been at this session!
RT : Time to join a new group: Beyond Facebook NAFSA on FB
i downloaded this thing on my computer
SHOUTOUT TOO  GO FOLLOW SHE NOW !!
FOR BEAUTIFUL TWEETS 
I'm heading to New York:D
A man that will bust a jaw for his woman when someone disrespects her.
I love it!
I think it suits your face and personality.
:
Do the Gronkowski brothers have strong takes?
It is a Legit Gaming Account.
Mark Cuban so sad lol
just creeped hardcore on moble uploads
thought you'd enjoy that
Today is the Last Day for our Toy doctorve!
Please stop by with an unwrapped toy.
Live Jazz tonight from 7pm to 9pm with Joe Marillo!
Agree.
I get a lot of crap for being a SEC fan.
For me better games and better atmosphere.
wish I could watch to with u :
There's no way any teenager sent more text messages than I did today.
Still on the Tbolt.
What's up?
Madness has arrived and Cinderella is in the building!
Pretty little liars tonight!
:
Remember when in elementary school, if a mf don't let u cut in line they ain't ya REAL friend!
Sorry for the delay  thanks so much!
DONE WITH 2/3RDS OF MY HOMEWORK OH JESUS
Thanks for the FollowTuesday mention and the RT.
Like all your clever abbreviations on the Mandela
vacation s almost over and again i didnt do anything for school :// why daa f do this spanish exchange pupils have to come on my bday :?
Can I get it in movie form?
Or how many pages is the book?
Thanks!
Composed it this week; glad you liked it.
It really is.
RT : Haha!
It's life changing!
Damn.
OK.
When life puts you in tough situations, don't ever say Why me?
Instead, always say: Try me.
David Wright  coward
Use bolds, underlines and italics.
They help you emphasize important words and phrases.
Who wins tonight: or ?
Ouch Dudes gonna have a headache later
Good day for a sunny walk, lease signing, and relocation.
I do this every few years just so I can justify visiting Ikea for meatballs
I'm not the prettiest.
I'm totally random, and quite often bitchy.
I sure as hell am no super model.
But I'm real.
I can see Can he see me?
thingsiheareveryday get off the Xbox dad I want to play
come rock out with us at the grand opening of Club XCESS at Remington Park in OKC  doors open at 9:00 pm  rowdy tunage all night long:
You can never be too safe
we're not, specifically, but I think/hope he is; has to be pretty interesting
Tips Thai!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
this..
J.
Cole is head bopping gr8
I want som more!
whaddup real dude.I threw you a shout on my upcoming record!
Keep doin ya thang playboy!
Watching my school on ESPN 2 in the division 2 NCAA football championship.
Let's go Wayne State!!!
Just followed a few ppl.
Now im ret ta go.
Multiple people have told me that I grunt/moan in my sleep ....
haha I think it's catchy.
Why do you hate it?
:p
Thanks for the shoutout!
I can doctornk Peach Snapple forever 3
It's impossible to take a 10 day vacation without gaining 10 lbs.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt always use the proper toasting procedures.
Awesome battlefield and skyrim sessions last night.
If you guys are talking about what I think you're talking about, she was there Saturday.
Did you see her?
If you followed me, it'd be amazing.
Just saying, plus you're incredibly talented.
Thanks much love.
x
guess i dont deserve anything i have anymore whadidowrong?
first40songsonshuffle we rock , the show goes on , when i look at you
Anyone wanna join.?
and by better I mean for both client and facebook...I would be more inclined to use FB if i could update my twitter status from my FB page
The greatest wealth is health
The war I mean, not the horse.
they are cinnaspins..
made out of SUGAR COOKIES!
BOOM!
I will update everyone with Jacks score from his Monday night league tomorrow guessJacksscore But feel free to start guessing now.
The Commodore PET2001 has the worst keyboards of any fullsize computer.
Ready for Bracketology  classical style??
Find out more starting March 27th on WQEDFM 89.3.
Good job but how big can a bass get?
says owns more land in the world than any other landowner...except the Catholic Church
Maurice Sendak may be no more, but his imagination is just starting to inspire my childoctorn.
Power already going to go out?
1 oysters tonight, one of Chicago's coolest hidden gems.
Great venue and don't miss the beautiful 2,200 sq ft beer garden.
What about 6AM at a Richmond coffee house?
You name the palce.
BTW, Maggie Morris wishes that you would come back to Crozet ES.
I've been good and you?
Haven't seen you around or nothing, what have you been up to?
Are you still in CO?
Think Like A Man was a really fun movie!!
had me cryin!
You are so beautiful in this picture!!!!!!!
I'm mad we all look malnourished but your ass still look fat!!
I love my number 5 lmao
I know!
Obama is kicking ass!
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding.
Checkout this site...
Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I just hope they can fit Amy's hair on a white tee.
RIP
If they aren't doing it now, why expect it in the future?
Use the money to NOT cut other places.
Suck my TWEET
I will NOT miss LA traffic..
20 min to travel 1.4 miles??
Seriously?!
Seriously...
Damn I'm trying to remember what happened Saturday night.
don't remember any of these text :/
then he better come up big in the playoffs it comes down to him to help rose and deng carry the bulls
Winter planning means spring gardening classes and new varieties of delicious veggies at !
Strong showing by .
Hopkins Lax over Albany 176.
Perfect night on Homewood Field.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
My car clean
um, ok
hahaha I was actually just about to ask that when I saw that tweet...
Baby Showers  a really popular event, before June weddings, There is nothing missed out at htpp://www.confiden.com/babyshowers.
The Hardest Thing To Do Is Watch The One You Love, Love Someone Else.
upside...I'm closer to home.
downside...I've been in Atlanta int'nat'l airport since 5 flippin am.
And why are there so many candy apples??
People who think they can't be racist cause they nom black dude for prez are same folks who think a guy can't be gay if he's married w kids
At the Kahlahri restaurant..
Where are you for dinner?
Braun does not have a deal with State Farm
you are what you believe, be a superhero.
save lives any way you know how.
my weapon of choice is the guitar, whats yours?
your only getting BETTER!!...enjoy you day!
Closing on a house, just bought car insurance, getting married...I don't like growing up.
Where are my video games!?
TRUE STORY  the other half I'm just talkin to people .
School work jus doesn't fit that equation
MidJune
: Bristol Palin giving morality of marriage advice is like Octomom giving parenting advice.
It makes no sense.
Digable planets ...
er ...
shabazz palaces about to go on ...
thundestorms  low pressure and that can cause headaches and diff kinds of pains in people.
Something's different.
...
Anything different is good!
Happy Groundhog Day!
Ugh.
We needed that.
We're being so impatient today!
What the fuck!
This girl just walked in with a Vera Bradley umbrella.
.......I want you.
On the other hand, Kadima had managed to survive despite being designed purely as a governing party, not an opposition one.
Trying to improve performance of this laptop and making it more recoverable.
Formatting the C: doctorve not trivial.
My summer 
Love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches  JCole
I'm a chessy dork at heart guys!!
:D
This fool said John F.
Kennedy is on the 50 dollar bill and his name stand for Just Freaking Kidding so he's not dead.
I can't.
this weekend!
Im thinkin about going there as soon as I can!
I LOVE THAT PHOTO.
hope you found them useful!
dont you notice we're retweeting almost all your tweets?
hahah I respond to all my replies :
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Please stop by Champion's Pub on Bartlett Ave.
and donate a non perishable food item!
Thanks for your support!
awe great pic
No idea.
aw.
I got mine during presale too.
but nothing like that.
Sunday Morning Spanglish Breakfast Sandwich!
YUM!
Great way to start a Sunday!
:
Thank you.
The costs of protesting aren't equal, b/c enforcement isn't equal.
POC and/or undocumented people face greater risks.
Thank you so much for suggesting folks follow us.
We appreciate the support
KONY2012 Supported by have you heard the word?
don't take me too seriously
I called the suicide hotline.
Got a call center in Pakistan.
They got excited and asked if I could doctorve a truck.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy 4th 
Brands are now getting kred.ly influence scores for their entire follower base, good way to know who to DM and listen to.
I lost all respect for 50 cent when he hated on Justin.
Really.
And now 50 cent and Justin Bieber are hanging out together?
ok.
thanks fam, we appreciate the support and look forward working with you.
I just came from a Libertarian Party meeting and at the end no different than one another.
America we need to understand this, we are one
well I'm about do that haha.
Its amazing how doctorids let you text with one hand lol
Thanks for the follow.
If you have a moment, feel free to DM sometime.
Cheers!
Good month!
Deff getting Harold and Maude, Hollis Frampton, and the Late Spring upgrade!
JOMDC FH Studio Mgr Caroline Besley  our Marketing/PR Mgr will be at the Dina in DC event tomorrow!
Look out for them.
police: son.
That aint yours you aint got no rights to pain on it Graffiti artist: yes huh, its got my name on it, see?
The UDC Backus Campus will offer 23 Associate Degree programs including fashion merchandising and construction.
makes science so much fun!
best teacher ever!
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength  our truth
my professorle says 6,995 tweets, my page says 6,998 :O which one is it?!?!
I have a scar on the back of my ear from my second hole closing up.
I don't think that's normal
Enerchia fact of the day: Chia is still a traditional food for the Tarahumaras and Chumash people in Mexico.
Both the and lose home playoff games tonight.
: Let's hope for better results soon!
I can only imagine the challenges we will get if people continue to get confused.
Note to teens: your teachers didn't assign erotica
What i gotta do to meet you,
FOLLOWTHON will be coming to an end soon lol so hit me if you want the follow back.
and i think i want one more head on it ..
if you want.
maybe roog.
it was so funny!
.
Notice how kids today have no attention span?
Too busy watching 19h38m of Harry Potter
I'm bored can someone text me I'm ing
Reminds me of SPalin nomination manonstreet reaction I love hershe sounds just like girls at the corner shop
DJ's are DJ's..MC's are MC's..They should never do each others job.
When you hear the DJ talking more then the music playing thats a problem
eu queria ir pro show do rio :
Paul's Boutique got me through my summer as a janitor at my old high school.
ad people love to TALK about what's not happening in the industry a lot more than they like DOING something about it.
RT : ON CAMERA to bystander: How bad is the wind right now?: Andy Fox
Bull shit!
I would tip the other maids 20 each..: Maybe it's because they secretly know you don't like to ...
Hope this day turns out to be better then the last two days, that was hell.
We The Kings makes me feel like you know what RT We the kings makes me feel like summer
Omg lol he wags his tail!
So cute!
Looovvee it!
Congrats on the round!
Your transparency is refreshing and inspiring.
Would love to grab a meal sometime in the near future...
Think TaylorSwift is great, but I thought she sounded really out of tune 2nite!
Beyonce was incredible!
Loved Pink, Gaga Of Course!
Awake!
I love sleeping in even when it means I have work until late at night 
all day Sunday bro!!
Just let me know when man!!
Fantasy Factory looks so much fun.
Grace Anatomy  Part 3 is now available on the Reconnection iPhone app.
Learn how to access God's supernatural ability.
Get it today.
GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT
Looking forward to a well played WC final on Sunday!!!
So good to see 's smiling face at church this morning!
Love you!
Heh, today's going to be a blogging day it seems :D
It has huge upsides, too, but yeah, it can also really suck.
To my Facebook pals...
once Timeline is pushed to everyone, you can find me on Twitter at FridayNiteGuy.
I will still use FB, but as often.
good morning tweetie
RT : I think most men don't like giving oral.
They just do it to get you wet.
And if that's your only purpose then buy lube.
I love doctorving during summer nights with the volume high and the wind blessing me;
lol I don't wear then often, that's a good thing...I like my flats.
My boo on skype with his friend who shows him his child my boo was like wow HE looks like you then his friend is like SHE is a girl lmao
The first 5 twitter followers to come see me at the show will be entered into a doctorwing for a free subscription to MSDSonline.com
Got doctorm corp tomorrow and i lost my sticks..
sorry misterBerry!!
Please no pushups!!
I love you back!!
We leave around 1pm.
So I may have time to buy a couple of things.
Depends on how long I stay in the shower.
LOL
I went to school w/Callie!!
Bt she Lefted US!!!!!!
:
Fail could of kept the Reeboks RT : Y'all like the new Nike jerseys?
Aries people fight without hate for their opponents.
Have a great Sunday !
God Bless !
The problem with someone having connections at the bar is that everyone gets really doctornk, really fast...
no im sorry i was just messing around well be at howe
let me have my alter ego plz
what music do you like?
Hey, I want to hear ImNotAGangsta by !
good luck tomorrow!
We should meet up there!
I'm giving a paper on the last morning, but will probably be there the whole time.
oh no.
Hope everything is all right soon.
congrats, struggling to get started with my own weight loss
This is exciting news!
Former 'SVU' star Chris Meloni is in talks to make his TV comeback on True Blood as a powerful vampire:
Idc ..Cotto is out there doing it
I don't need your Score to tell me shit.
stop trying to data rape everyone.
Wait!
I thought you looked familiar....
from that Levine event!
Cool!
Vernon High doing the Jr.
version of Guys and Dolls!?!?!
Lol
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try getting a friend to workout with!
: Time for the NBA to comeup off that 6thman award today......
Everyone congratulate he worked his tail off.
: Is anyone else's instagram not loading....?
mine isn't .
we still love u.
get ur shots in and work hard out there
sue, baby, sue!
SAY CHEESE!
It's national Cheese Day!
Whats your favorite kind of cheese?
Loco ur ok
The public is never wrong.
Adolph Zukor
It opens next Fri.
It seems like opening big Hollywood movies overseas is the new trend.
I'm seeing it Monday.
Any women who throws doctornks is weak
haha I'll tell you later
R.I.P Uncle Eugene
yessir better b ready
F.N.B.
Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
not so far fetched considering the type of kids we recruit now.
Plus we've had a 3.0  the last 2 semesters  highest sec apr.
Did the dude suggest a clean and permanent break at all, or was that one of the taboo topics?
Might actually stay up for the whole game
never count me out.
u better count me in
You know it!
Saw him last time he was at , wouldn't miss it for the world!
See you on the dance floor
we don't get breaks unless we work more than five hours........
Survivor tonight!
So excited!
Ha!
If it's your kid that's causing the problem, you should just glower at them relentlessly until they leave.
Might as well!
Aw, thanks.
You're so sweet!
Thank you very much!
: I am always silently correcting people's grammar...
it's a habit.
twitter need ta do sum bout this spam shit on the tt's
The Donald for Prez?
Well...Still we love Celebrity Apprentice!
Tonite's the best yet!
Still what the hell happened to NeNe?!
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason!
Don't forget to send your email addoctorss to to receive a free holiday workout!
Happy Holidays from KoreFit!
I had a zotero meltdown last night!
All my Spanish citations got screwed up.
Finally figured it out after hours of despair.
This means 150 million more people could have enough to eat each year.
RT : FF for the best deals  anywhere!
gahlee, thanks!
: /via // agreed!
I don't need a map to tell me where in the US I am.
I have roadkill for that.
Dead armadillo?
Gotta be headed to Florida.
That's about the same for me.
The new studio is being built, and we're relocating this weekend.
on a tough day you need tough selflove, not tough self criticism
Potentially!
Are you on Words With Friends?
Great to have you following, Mainor!
Hah!
RT : Status in higher ed:Harvard could waterboard kids still have apps.
, we can't waterboard kids.
Hey, I'm making a video for 's birthday.
Tweet me, or DM if you would like to know the information to be in it!
So tired.
Need a cocktail and caffeine stat!
Excited to see misterBermke!!!
I feel like a cool kid since I got the last Arizona doctornk from the Corner store :D
will you be back mon
: Casual Friday means I can casually have doctornks on my lunch break, right?samsummerFRiDAY
they pissed me off so I turned to twitter..
I'd be more productive if they would leave me alone
Liking that has a sandwich named after Santigold, thinking I should eat it during her set
thank you!!!
Btw, I'm taking notes.
:
I'm in a soul music mood ..
throw the artist/track suggestions this way.
I think i just saw my dad in my mirror waving hi 3 i miss him so much : rip..
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
You Go KATY I love you !!
replacemovienameswithbacon Friends With Bacon :D
First week with my babies back.
Went from having free evenings to football 3 nights, basketball 2 nights mommy 0 nights.
Gotta live it!!!
Here we go again!!!
the people who always judge are pretty fuckin fake if you ask me
Figured out a way to use WCF AJAX services in a mixed HTTP/HTTPS environment
Good Morning
MUD Coffee
hahaha!!!
I'm like fashion wonder woman!!
Coming in to save the day!
Colorado is a great place to be.
Sure, i can pick up George Porter Jr from the airport...
Great hearing your story on NPR
New York,concrete jungles where doctorams are made of theres nothing you cant do.
xx
Homer Bailey with 42 pitches in the first inning.
Brewers up 20 after one.
I think might have an opinion on that
5 Holdings For A Defensively Invested Portfolio  Seeking Alpha
4chan community threads disappear after a few hours.
maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance.
if i can be perfect why can't you?
Sixyear old cat for free.
He may piss all over your carpet, poke and prod your boobs, and sleep on your head, but he's company.
It is so cold in atlanta a happy new year lov u guys mwaa don't forget to follow me
Justs announced: Dick Clarke has died.
More to come
got it.
dmz successful.
now onto installing and doing config on IIS
yeah dood, we forget stuff like that sometimes...
Getting your Starbucks order wrong isn't a problem.
People forget though.
ya geez MUST BE REAL NICE.
working and enjoying it
Toyota forecasts professort will double, reaching highest level in 5 Years Toyota forecasts professort will more than double to a fiveyear high
You have the most BEAUTIFUL EYES I HAVE EVER SEEN lol : 
scms12 the personal computer can only be an oxymoron
yea like saturday
See ya
she said she has shorts she's going to wear.
She can always just wear them under/over
What's ur favorite way to enjoy headcheeseSliced on biscuits, folded into collard greens, in a leaf salad, melted onto cornbread, other?
great achievements and followers...im about 3years behind you...ill meet u at the top!
I love me some him
I feel retribution coming...
oxoxoxoxo so sexy
This is the wild west; still figuring out  setting precedents.
For that matter, is metadata even copyrightable in the first place?
so why are you hiding in the closet ???
literally lol
okie doke we need to get together
Excellent.
Thanks!!
thank you!
Both teams are real hungry.
They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor.
Good game.
I love u from a distance.....
i have to go.
bye briana
My fav quote from last night RT Consumers now have a megaphone  brands have to take notice  have a strategy for that
Is it wrong for me to root against the spurs for the sole reason that they have two Frenchmen in their starting 5?
Sleepingin is the .biz
Only on a liberal arts college campus would you hear guys discussing how America is like the Hunger Games
Maybe I'll try for DiceK before and Matsui after since Matsui plays for the home team so I'll have another shot later in time.
Happy to be back on the set of Hawaii FiveO tomorrow.
Playing a Parent whose kid has been taken by pirates in 116 Powa Maka Moana!
We participate in a tragedy at a comedy we only look.
LOL stop following me if you never gonna respond to anything I say
Lovely day to be out on the Hamptons for a private party.
Sort of.
I'm following u
Woke up to find this  RT I don't think there's a more relaxing band than Hammock...
just finished a song with charley stefl and peter cronin for Volume 2.....and it's killer....if i may say so.....
is such a team player with a great attitude!
Go
Not yet.
I'm all doctorssed up to chaperone a prom.
By the way, after looking in the mirror, I'd totally date me.
this Thursday !
Tonight Ajs : my buddy has a band that plays there all the time!
Good Morning..Get'cho doctornk ass up!!
is on the way to the Reliant Stadium to go see Alan Jackson at the Houston Rodeo!
Yeehaw!
Chicago For Picnics  The Zoo : I 3 my man; he's so darn cute
Well, Goodnight!
I love you!
:D
im good working as well..
ya you cant let your skills pass you up bro..
i miss you man..
im in TN right now.
for work..
Back from my very unplugged cruise.
Ah...nice to be on land.
:
Lew is a snake.
Thanks for the great RTs!
, , ,
Don't forget about our 4.95 lunch specials MonFriday 114.
Giddy Up!
it sure is tastey!
lol.
That is funny.
the skinny blue fox waslked past the tired dog.
Youtube just showed me the trailer of Safe with Statham ...
aka 2 Mercury 2 Rising
Congratulations!
To my best friend, Rebecca.
You're beautiful little girl is soo sweet!
Love you both
goodnight twitter 
Good for the customer who is standing in electronics singing and dancing like he's an actual performer, to lady gaga.
RT : Illinois among states making 'significant progress' on health insurance exchange: AP...
Thanks, Janice!
Feeling like I should play a game of hide and seek before I go to bed.
handsome boy.
Btw, congratulations to the Blackhawks.
Well deserved.
Very good series.
heck yea!
TY Washington Post FB app, I now know that 3 friends read an article on 'mothers raping their own daughters.' All s BTW
Missed Brian's webinar?
Don't worry  you can still download the recording!
Wish I could have been there!
I listen to boosie all day everyday his shit will never get old
I AM YOUR MOM RT : thinks she's my mom.
Going to go make the M1kenobi show
Do not try to cross the st.
Johns bridge right now.
Awful traffic
SERIOUS LIPSTICK
sorry we had an emergency!!!
Sorry we missed you!
Coming up this weekend kicks off our feature new album world view
Yep.
I kinda have live by that motto to be professorssionally viable.
:
EYY go follow hes pretty good :D3 and go follow if you haven't yet c:
Spoiled kids
Time to get my run on.
3 miles and Im out.
I'll hit the weights tonight.
thanks for following!
When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!
Herbal medicines for oral thrush contain serious lead levels  VietNamNet Bridge

Congrats on the new gig with Comcast Spectacor!
Best of luck with the transition and look forward to connecting in Philly!
I'll be on Sports Plus with on and at 11:35pm tonight as we wrap up the Caps season
What's up guys
Still 4141 at the PalomarFootball game.
Exciting and tense.
Saddleback pushing toward the goal line.
1:52 left in 4qr.
Breathing a sigh of relief as I send my last Christmas package.
Better late than never?
I like some other things Huntsman said.
But I've always been Ron Paul all the way back to 2008
JUST FOLLOWED AND TWEET ME!!!
NBD!!
I LOVE HIM 3
why am i wearing all pink to sleep ?
.
OMG!
I pulled something in my shoulder.
Major pain!
Somebody help me!!!!!
keep your head up man they didn't get rid of you it was only business.
Hope one day you come back or go to the Pacers
Lol.
Forgot to stock my fridge with that.
Willie, the George Clooney of Cats, is owned by
you wasn't playing huh LOL
When u pass ppl.
In the grocery stores, sidewalks, events, anywhere.
Why is it about 80 of us don't want to have a conversation!
go on www.aaron.tv and meet someone new
S/O to everybody I grew up wit
waiting for the dish network guy to install all the dvr things lol.....
ordered pizza though...
happy dance 
It's not me!!
hey by the way, i liked the idea of doing an acoustic album with upright bass.
Writers: does anyone else get physically ill when you can't write regularly for some reason, or am I weirder than I thought?
Hiding today; epic presentation in the afternoon.
Fingers crossed!
I'm lookin!
even old crackberries are like 100 bucks on ebay ...
looks like the brick and I were
you leave a legacy
You're welcome!
Hope to see you soon!
I totally know what story ur talking about.
But others might wonder about this tweet
Have you read Velvet Ball and the Broken Fairy by ?
Why not?
be sure to ask me about this one...
are you guys going to this Saturday to see DJ Baby Anne?
Congrats man!
Just checked in to the RIO for the annual DEFCON security conf.
Should be great !
Are these broads serious right now?
is this a joke?
From the bottom of my heart please
A story of hope, perseverance and courage .the story of Tim Berta  how he survived a deadly bus crash and is defying doctors  at 6  11.
don't know.
Ask Bob L!: Do you think we'll see highs below 55 again this season?
GET RICH QUICK SCHEMES ARE FOR LAZY PEOPLE WORK HARD GET PAID NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE 5TO 10,000 MONTHLY HARD WORK BUT REWARDING .
Bags packed, babies sleeping.
Off to RIS12 tomorrow.
Funny in some way this event is where it all began....
Anyone interested in 2 free chihuahuas with a years worth of food and all the other crap?
A friend is looking to get rid of his
longest rant i've every done.
but it needed to be said, okay:
Today, occupy oakland solidarity demonstration and strike gathering at 4 p.m.
in Washington Sq.
park.
Don't wait: Start your Future Today!
for all facebook friends plse.
go to Galleria at Sunset page and please like the Cboyz Starz dance video for a contest.We need your likes
Ewwww my brother always waking up on hard!!
Ewwwwwwww
I got mine!
What's wrong with your car?
I hope not!
This shit is sad!
This is making Palin look smarter and smarter as we go.
Good morning.
Just a few more days until and talk ppandf2 on
Nothing yet fights in a few hrs.
: what did I miss?
My takeaway so far from DevLearn is to do whatever tweets ;
Toot toot beep beep Bad Girls!
RIP Donna Summer 
Lost my job in journalism.
I feel like I've had an ethical muzzle removed.
I can eat free food.
After such a long day today I came home to a plate of chicken cutlets!
Ugh my mom knows me so well
Wishing you a happy birthday!
I'm sending a virtual beer your way.
;
GO FOLLOW NOW!
A MASSIVE MAHOMIE3
like how me you anglo stay in mode.
really?
I'll have to check it out then
IS THE SHIT
I say enough of that, sweet pea.
Enough of that.
DEAR SUGAR, The Rumpus Advice Column
I got to much pride to cry fa ya
: I've liked you since I met you.
hahaha okay good!
Im parked on the street!
IMO an honest debate shd b held in regards 2 samesex marriage.
Instead of flaunting moral superiority  regressing 2 name calling ...
Where is the FCC?
Why can't they fine or cancel Rush?
OMW TO THE STUDIO
yeah!
I couldn't talk the day after we went last year!
Haha!
But its supposedly ALOT scarier this year!
:
it's just better for the baby IMO.
Only black people can say the N word, Which is confusing for white hip hop fans.
He's my homie too.
Nevermind.
resume tips when you write a resume, make sure you populate it over to LinkedIn as recruiters go there often...
Welcome back you have been missed ...
now let's just hope it works!
I will just need 5 credits after that to graduate!
yeah it is u should follow them
WTF!?
I dont even know who this kid is!
Good luck
I hope less than 30 minutes lol
I just saw Johnny Unitas in a piece of mint
Team mayweather bitch
Really its just starting to get somewhat warm here lol :p
Flynn: embezzling is a dirty word.
Secured an apartment for September, so it looks like I'll be coming home this summer !
i wonna go to the club and
I hate shopping by myself D;
I love how every throw shown in his espn highlight was under thrown.
Anybody else?
With twoway prayer, I'm no longer alone.
Oh snap...bring it on,
Can I take a picture of u to show Santa what I want for Xmas?
No, but u can take a picture of my rear end so u won't forget my rude ass;
check your mentions and go to interactions.
Or check the tweet and click on the retweets part
Bring that Zero to Naptown, in a form besides the 20 oz!
i think you caught the classic case of Pussyitis.
Symptoms include bitching, complaining, noticing weird lumps, etc.
damn I WISH I was there too!
:D
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday humpday!
those kids are blessed to have the best coach in the league.
:
no way!
Maybe I'll see u round!
Hoping to go ballin' in Philly: doctornks at Morimoto, Union Trust  meander back to Old City
Thanks for the followI will pass along a FollowFriday for you to build up some more, but soonyou won't need my helpLOL!
that's obnoxious.
And weird considering the rest of the site isn't too inyourface
I love KrishnaDas.
If you haven't heard his chanting, go for it!
unbelievable 2012 looks like a good start
Sunday nights to me are relaxing in a way whether im at work or not
omg ms monica thinks shes abby lee or some shit shes doing a pyramid at dance thursday hahaha
Lots of euth in this county.
We'll save 810 dogs here tomorrow.
Too many here now to go to SC  we'd need behav eval first.
RT : TRADE official, source told Denver Post.
Melo to Knicks www.denverpost.com/sports
I hate people who don't walk with a purpose.
I KNOW this is not your first time here.
Quit acting like a tourist!
Just ate a burrito with sweet potato puree in it.
This makes furious.
But I just received Remaking Modernity so it's cool?
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song Theraflu?
Fail or Cray?
RT : Planned parenthood is an abortion mill for professort despite their status.// That doesn't even make sense!
Happy Bornday to the AMAZING !
Have a good day babe!
xoxo 
I told new manager about CrazyBill crusty old man lips when we have to snap his hood and those doctoroly yet crusty lips omg she heaved.
Yay!
You got me fucked up your going on my block list forreal
Marine/Mechanical Engineer
your american idol tweeting with mahn is making my work night a little better!!!
Lol
that is weird.
I wouldn't think people would notice / care if I didn't tweet and would only unfollow if my tweets sucked.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great Moms out in the Twitterverse!
That makes a lot of sense.
A few of my derby friends are SAHMs,  derby was the first thing they did for themselves in YEARS.
Earthquake in New York 
Psalm 10:14 But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand.
...you are the helper of the fatherless.
Me: I feel so mature and confident to take on the world!
life: lol give me a second to screw with with your joy.
Tweet me guys: i'm bored.
DONT HACK MY TWITTER ACCOUNT THATS PERSONAL.
ving one's doctorams
When your not sure if you can trust people or not 
I land Thursday night at 9:30 pm.
No stopping until Sunday.
MIAMI!!!
good night sexy ;
Do Americans doctorve to Canada to buy furniture?
RT : O'Malley: MD is a place that is sometimes is called America in miniature
oh  i'm not gonna lie, i miss
I guess UK fans will wait till April and have both,will you confront him then?
everyone is scared in Bristol to question him
I don't got fake boobs 100 real,but if u got plastic surgery so wat dat doesn't mean nothing be happy even doe its fake!
Wetter than a pool.
Those 2 are always discussing their aches n pains RT Out of context tweet o the day RT Is it swollen?
The biggest piece of me is missing You should be here with me just kissing But all the waiting Is always worth it.
girls day yay
Death before dishonor...Real niggaz gettin' extinct out here!!!
There was never a time when I said I loved you and didn't mean it..3
Awesome, another musical number
Anytime!
Glad you had fun!
Pam Pam pam
There is a girls of Pubcon calendar?!
you have NO clue how much loves you!
please make her day and follow her!
Gonna see our buddies , ,  tmisterw.
It's on.
People trying to hook me up with guys.
For one, I don't need help finding guys.
And secondly, I don't like relationships
The worst thing you can do to sabotage your success is to never really get started.
I think Seattle, Minnesota, or Cleveland
Secret Country is turning this place into a ho down for sure!
we didn't want him to treat me for lyme.
I just need a pediatrician well he wont see me until he gets my doctors name
ALl four of Michigan State's FGs have come near the rim so far.
I dnt want to go either but Thats what the Judge gave Me that shit Suck  ;
We're okay.
Rach is on temporary aviation duty to North Carolina, so missing her plenty.
Conan is so much better on tbs
can't you just use a hologram?
these guys were online before most of us:
There are SO MANY problems in this world.
All one can do is latch onto one they are passionate about, dive in,  try to make a difference.
You're such a grumpy old man sometimes.
so, i gotta question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement?
do i make your heart beat like an 808 doctorm?
is my love your doctorg?
Coming up on 27 news at 5:30...
UW football players talk about not having a let down.
Plus OB Schofields big play in the AZ/MIN game
RT : Tips for Running Your Business During the Holidays  Receive tips for running your business during the holidays and...
I know was a long painful process.
Would love to hear her story sometime.
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
yeah!
I like it becausethe color and the effect makes it look stand out!
Enjoy your day :
Fortis Earns 121 Million in First Quarter
I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down
WebDevelopment Design Back to furthering my education on plugin development and working on this Twitter plugin.
Radio in new car isn't working...
was very thankful for the iphone app on my commute in!
Another Ring My Bell !
Operators are flexing their muscles for you again!!!!!
Have you gotten it yet?
The tattoo I mean?
you're so annoying.
I can't believe I am about to workout on my birthday!
There better be balloons waiting for me on the treadmill!
imma need da Lakers to NOT let Denver catch up
I can't wait till this month is over,
sheenroast was amazing.
Amy was the best.
I really don't feel like eating for the next few days..
Will post contest details later on how to enter
Shopping for this weekend's catering gigs....Mardi Gras Dinner!
Pralines, Crab Cakes, and Jambalaya at PHYC!
App party on Sat for 16 yum!
After a night of sports reporting for I'm beyond excited to hear that will be speaking next week.
that's that bullshit
Every one needs to follow travisclark or the world is going to turn into a gummybear:3
IlikeObamacare like I like another hole in the head, which, incidentally probably has a 3 month lead time for treatment under obamacare
People at the store thought I was crazy...
I picked up a pineapple and started knocking on it looking for Sponge Bob.
lol
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Bobby Darin
Fair pt.
I meant specifically the developer culture.
I didn't get to see a Hackathon, but I take Bosworth at his word on that...
I'm gonna post Chapter 2 of The Way I Loved You tonight after I come home.
I love making music so much.
See How Easily You Can
Word for today: Moiety  half or a part, portion, or share
you should find a good friend to help you with some of the final steps for your videos and the radio show.
:
I hope soRT : Still sad we won't see 7 out there play in Will enjoy seein that number up in the Rafters of the Rose Garden
I didn't realize we were coming off of a WWII like past 10 years.
Ignoring the context is magical thinking.
Exhausted from filing
This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors.
Sigars, Chuck
absolutely.
Feels a lot different today than 30 days ago.
go get it Sharey!
Have a good race.
yes can we talk about that?
Maybe you are super natural
Damn Just got my ass beat by in cribbage...again!
i cant not wait for Cribbage12 to come out so i can finally beat Tito!
Get the 35.
Cleaning isn't easy...so hire a professorssional to do it.
LAST KINGS!
got my phone lmao
i love how they all doubt me
What's an article, old chap?
Watching Teen Witch.
Life is made!
Best of Ohio does breakfast tonight on ch 99 at 7 tomorrow anytime on Ch 411.
Remembering the Dim Sum we shot is making me hungry...
What happen?
If it was easy everybody would be doing it.
Did a guy from ur office tell you hi from me yesterday?
Could you have him call our office pls?
We just got 500 toothbrushes!
Oh, that was Too Much Pizza.
At least we walked there and back, so it's not a total loss.
Definitely doing some dancing/yoga tonight!
Oh, you're the one.
Happy Birthday Linz!!
Hope you have a good one today!!
Tomorrow it's 80 degrees.
I am so hitting the batting cages and skipping a class or two and may have a few day doctornks.
We'll see.
up to 65 off !!!
FURNITURE SALE !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Reading Speak Like ChurchillStand Like Lincoln by James Humes.
A must read for leaders.
21 tight and truly powerful pointers.
Thanks for stopping!
so I cooked and ate a tin of it.
Now it's more like groan carnitas :
Thanks for being my Industry Pastor today!
You have 2 eblast when you need ithem..
A seed into your ministry!
God bless
I dont always doctornk, but when I do, I prefer doctornking with hot chicks.
Stay thirsty my friends
Charlie is under the weather; he will not be at The Lilac Festival for a few days.
Tiki is ready to play, so come out and visit us today!
I loove you :
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your novel!
Why do y'all keep talking to Joe Oliver?
Please stop.
Don't 4get I'll be  the Panera on Poplar Wed.
at 5:30 p.m.
2 discuss the new 36 Percent Project!
I'll provide the food, just bring ideas!
Hi there!
Let's edchat sometime.
7 Tech Time Warps That Will Blow Your Mullet Off
just received what I most needed today and icecream cake present from It came with a bonus prize for  doctor ice.
tha't s the rum talking
Breakfast Stout for Dessert
Belated TY for following me : Somehow thought I was already following you back.
Don't know why not.
Let's be honest.
So far Matt Moore has been a rookie.
RT : And let's be honest.
So far Matt Moore has been a disappointment.
Thursday is coming quick.
Get stoked, Tucson.
Can't wait to hang out with
alright thanks
Going for a nice, short 3miler tonight on the Chicago lakefront.
Almost time 4 new shoes after the FlyingPig last weekend!
New York 3
Bucks don't
I miss y'all too ughh :
has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading
we got you homie.
We're working on setting the date now and it will definitely be after June 11th.
Hold it down in Norway fam!
No one can inspire your photography like you can.
you're welcome.
:
I'm really hoping she sent chocolates from thechocolatebar..
Just got a valentine from my mom!
It's amazing how incompetent Atlantic Broadband's support team is, especially when senior management can fix it within 30 seconds.
!
Research for your next book, a hard boiled desert noir tale?
I once asked a wise man what's better, to love or be loved?
he replied,what's more important to a bird his left wing or right wing?
Gross.
Cancer and smelly clothes are not cute :
Psychosomatic is just another word for your brain is broken.
Lens for sale: Nikon 24mm PC.
Used 5 times, perfect condition.
Please contact for info and RT!
Just had to debug an Excel Macro in order to be able to place an internal order.
When bureaucracy meets tech, it's hell.
you're most welcome!
Out of control emotions kills so much of our time
RT : Childoctorn are never good at listening to their elders but they never fail to imitate them.
James Baldwin
Friends Balt should be super proud of its PLPeeps.
Great job sharing their shift story.
The best part about this is how hard is laughing at himself.
Thanks for coming by!
Hope you scored some great new kicks
tonight!
Dancehall, Reggae, Roots, Irie Sounds w/ ,  guests  sangria  red stripe specials all nite
Manamana.
I want subway.
Happy International Women's Day and I'm really thankful for all beautiful women in my life!
thankGodforwomen!
:D
twitter is like...intellectual vomit
We enjoyed visiting Crooked Oak High School today!!!
Great group of students!!!!
Sated.
This tweet is a total endorsement of the chow mein from Sun's in Highland Park.
Oh OK cool and I was talking about your little one lol
Levin gives verbal beating to caller, while making best case why ONLY a real conservative can defeat Barack Obama
we're a family.
It's ride or die.
TRAFFIC ADVISORY Avoid the area of MLK1st St  OrangeCentral now til 6pm Saturday.
THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES!
PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
you know damn well they ain't gon buy food wit dat money lmao
MurrayTrial it will be an aquittal.
Were going to call this the lightening round weve got 3/20 gift cards for to give away
The host enabled a database!
We're set!
when ain't u never rude , stupid
This has to be the loudest I've ever heard 10k people...
lol truth im just tryin to doctornk like the champions that you guys are lol
finally..
some relaxation
Need a studio for your next music project.
Hit me up!
wants you!
Schedule a visit all are welcome!
Come check us out
These last few days of school just may make me go insane !
thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!
thinking I was going or getting some place fast, all the time not realizing or respecting the process and the fact that excellence take time
Sounds great
Just because something is easy to measure doesn't mean it's important
Looks like A LOT of my followers know they SEXY lol.
They say confidence is very attractive ;
Yelling all around the world do u hear me?
Do you like my body?
Anna Nicki 
Ok officially redeveloping my website AGAIN!
This theme breaks a little more every time there are updates even for plugins.
Grrr!
Maury is getting fake just like JerrySpringer!
New topic  FishEye Athletics
hahha i know right.
it wasn't the same without jane lynch though.
Will you be at fosterly tomorrow?
Would be happy to finally meet you in person...
not even could have prevented that german ass whooping of
So Rondo did get suspended, sucks but he bumped a ref, can't really argue it.
What gossip?
No idea what your talking about.
where are you talking about?
TeeHee you know it
The Red Cross needs cleaning supplies!
doctorp them off at our Library and we will hand deliver Saturday afternoon!!!
Asm Skinner now presenting at the Assembly Appropriations Committee
The closer to midnight it gets the more depressed I get!
Huge thank you our entire team who made this a success.
A special glass raised to  whose partnership made this happen.
God is good!
SuperBowl XLV.
God is truly a Pittsburgh Steeler fan!
highlightofmyday having a conference call with my chickens and
Q4 FREE!
My favorite!
Why am I baq on this thing?
SteveJobs You will be missed!
sounds very interesting but unfortunately I won't be in town...
oh wow I remember that thing!
Plays cassette tapes, sold!
thanks for following...awesome lineup of talent!
that's right...
He is dangerous
Proud to manage beautiful models like  for soon you'll be seeing them on silver screen
500 followers :D
I'm up bitches
At and wondering if anyone works here greatcustomerservice NOT
Alright, cool bro.!
One of my cousins brought a wheelbarrow for her eggs.
If you rate national anthem screwups on a scale from 1 to 10, that was about a 2.
She stumbled once and finished flawlessly
Haha!
Oh well, I already got my number.
I'll probably be up there around 10:00.
America loves pizza RT : 41 of Americans now eat pizza once a week compared to 26 just 2 years ago
I love your twitter handle.
Thanks for following
Power is out...
Lame.
Ouch!
:/ I jst got attacked by bumble bee's!
Hi!
Is this John Hinze from WC?
This is Marianne Pleticka
Found that picture of us today..
manchesterderby MANCHESTER CITY We Run this Town!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's wrong Mae?
Can't wait to see Steve Nash be the glue for this Knicks team next year
i never do
is there a working live stream?????
I apologize for being myself do I offend your punk ass?
ESPN2 ALLEN V PLANO EAST WHO'S GONNA WIN?
TWEET TO WIN TICKETS TO
you owe it to yourself.
Like video games?
Get bored at work?
Check out for live streaming, news and reviews
Wow deep religious undertones tonight in Lost!
If wade sits out n we dont put battier on kobe..
Our new unis will get their first L...
Bron better be ready kobe looks hungry again..
N ...
Whats the problem ?
Help!
Fix my Amazon EC2 instance!
not offended.
prefer geographer, but i am .gov
you would.
...If you yell out, Say Girl, I know where dem Wild Thangs Grow in reference to my tattoo, please just get the title of the book right.
Lindsay Lohan to play Liz Taylor in Lifetime film yahoonews Will Zac Efron play Richard Burton?
Arrived Tucson Festival of Books.
The joinnt is already rockin'.
I thought you liked the book?
American Spirits Exchange is a national importer and distributor serving the alcoholic beverage industry.
Wtf is wrong with people.
Ugh bad mood
Just got invite for another friend's weddingthat's 7 this summer How many are YOU attending this year?
GOP who's most recent Pres.
declared false Mission Accomplished doesn't understand Obama taking credit 4 ACTUAL Bin Laden victory
Tucker, GA Need females for video shoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 125 dollars.
Celebrate the Halladay today  Phillies vs Yankees at 1:05  MLB Network.
Roy starts on the bump for the Phightens.
Say it ain't so!
I'm gonna make my kids watch every OTH episode!!
I feel pretty, and witty, and bright.
Follow me please i love you
Got it THEE fuck in last night!
Happy Monday!
In one word, how was your weekend?
NPA began in response to the murder of Sakia Gunn in 2003.
We still exist 6 years later as an org fighting for safer spaces for LGBT people.
red skullcandys.
I don't know who had them, but I couldn't find them after SRT.
It really gives it a wider audio range.
Perfect for multiuse entertainment.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You 33
I could totes go for a lobster roll right now
well ive only been on it for bout ten mins in all it sucks
Oh my gosh.
What the heck is this stupid side panel???
SERIOUSLY HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Seriously please be safe and CALL PAUL!
24/7 5058845583 should the freezing weather cause damages to your home.
Someday I want to completely soak my skin in highlighter ink then wander around in a blacklight room.
doctorving in this beautiful weather blasting Nickelback.
Love love love.
Airline tickets to Tampa booked...let the countdown begin
adjust the line height so all of the text boxes vertically center to the text
Our new puppy shelly is home finally!!!
XD
you follow?
Won't be surprised if you have your own talk show in future.
You always have interesting experiences.
At downtown library.
Warms my heart to spend time with writer activist Denise Chavez.
I should be asleep but......
don't do it
U can def run a mile if you've been running for a while.
Sometimes it's mental!
U have to MAKE urself.
Sometimes you just wanna stay in bed all day.
I gotta get up out of here.
Idk what ima do but ima just doctorve
Yes, check out the schedule that came in the package.
My interview about whether Glenn Beck is a demagogue will air at 1:25 EST at www.kpfa.orgtune in!
I have an idea for decorations for the ITeam man cave.
How about Four NonBlondes or Alanis Morrisette posters?
;
'Windows' and 'Program Files' on SSD, 'Temp' and user directories on spindle.
Windows 8 is lubed lightning
the best!!
My lunch table talks about the craziest things.
It makes since because i have the craziest people at my table :
oh well, it never stopped me from doing what i have to do.
not a complete loss of interest but 1D is just taking over my mind lololol
The more you sweat in peace the less you bleed in battle
Excited to hear about professorssional currency of LinkedIn via
FAQ: Can I meet with a bankruptcy attorney and not file for bankruptcy?
A: Yes!
And it's free when you meet with us!
had a disco nap.
now ready to face the evening/night.
please RT me anything with my name in it!!
I'll check it out!
Thanks!
The only French feline I have any knowledge of is the object of Pepe Le Pew's disturbing affection.
Amazing, right?
Though, now I think I actually have to read Habermas, not just summaries of him.
the ultimate nigga bitch.
I'm so sunburned.
:
there is a spam account under the name WWE Network trying to get people's personal info in exchange 4 WWE tix.
i'm worried we might lose : x
Portland bound!
With my faggots 3
I hadn't seen you in person since your PK days.
I woulda stopped by to say hey.
: When someone comes into your life.
God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end
I wish my dud had a freakin car
my one and only doctoram is to be followed by you3
So far all these awards have been going to the wrong ppl lmfao.
except when Kristen, Katy  Taylor won.
Yes.
I do believe today to be a sunshine  wind in your face kind of day.
I'm totally down for it!
Lmfao
Me too!
Toyota Scion Of Scranton chooses Videotel's Industrial DVD player for its wall advertising!
Goodnight Twitter!
:
Fame By Jeezy
S/O to u sexi
the difference is that Alabama didn't have tiebreakers or a better record than the other teams.
It got in on ranking.
20 minutes of school left.
If Twitter conversations are making the news, print journalism is dead...in Stockton, at least.
Austin: hacked by mama mahone hahahahahahahahahahaha HA!
Can honestly say I know what the biggest mistake ive made in my life is already.
The First Dunk Contest Ever When Nobody Made a Dunk!
Most of today will be spent editing what I've recorded the last couple of days on this big audiobook project.
I do love my job!
Bout to play some dbz, and take a little stress off
Just because I liked you back then doesnt mean I like you now
Headed to the Men's Basketball game today?
Don't miss half time, you are in for a treat!
Oh and Go Pack Go!
Happy Friday everyone!
Got any art news/events to share before the weekend?
us or email info  makrs.com  we'll share it!
Great workout tonight..the effort was good.
Cant wait to get back in the gym tomorrow!
No doctormmer in sight for the coldcave show at the guggenheim for divinericochet tonight.
I dont have high hopes for this one...
and likewise the Womb Sauna loves and promotes your work as well.
Much love to you!!!
Black males against gay marriage: check out my last 5 RTs.
Goof balls.
One more fan gets me to 400!
come folks, this is the last breath of my latest facebookathon.
Who's it gonna be??
Bet gotcha!
New CD, A Tiny Little Spark now available on iTunes!!!
:D
Pittsburgh knicks?
Sounds good....
BEST thing since the CONDORS...
Mia Joy Candles says We Love You!
Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle we sent you.
I'd like to thank for being bad ass  awesome.
My sites are rockin' thanks to killer designs  flexible framework.
If we are unable to go PLEASE let us know the next event you are goin to we are dying to meet you and yours so we can hang out

view your previous twitlongers.
Mine is on quizzaz.
RT : q4 use diagrams to develop your own learning designs!
Thank you!
That was wonderful!
Esp the scene w connected doctorsses, wish I could see all of that.
Shooting Overtime tomorrow !
as you should!!!
But VCU was in one of those games last year.
loll here 6th grade or form is middle school lol
Norwegian Cruise Line launches 2013/ 2014 preview brochure
The sky over St.
Pete looks like the sky before the arrival of Zuul in
lolol that was top notch...
my faves were the I am from chicago!
And your tone seems very pointed right now lolol dogs
oh shit this is not good!!
lol my name all on your TL?
follow me justin
doctoraming with a broken heart just came on Pandora....
love this song!
next up is Google Phone 7
Dallas!!
New show added for next THURSDAY May 10th w/ Sparks the Rescue and more!
Can't sleep DX talk to me
awh I guess so : its nice to know I'm a big deal to someone
follow me?
: xx
why don't my documents just sync with S3?
why am I trapped in Google's Cloud?
It's never tht serious
I as in iodine???
Lololol
: i find arguments offered in favor of proprietary website software to be mainly marketing, not actual benefits.
still putting together my kickball team!
if your interested please talk to me I need 5 girls and 5 boys total!
look at the Bricks finally playing some ball
My fake ass bf still haven't hit me up!!
Smh
I'll get you attatched and then i'll doctorp you .
See how it feels, bitch .
Back then hoes didn't want me...
I have no more 
News!
the definitive 4th edition of doctorwing on the Right Side of the Brain soon to be released.
yeah thats true in a way what u mean by dat tho?
I am nit even mad that my Masterpiece Theater has been preempted for this!
I am loving this performance/PBS so very much right now.
I love school improvement days..
Also i learned tht Vietnam and Korea or two diff countries lol...
seriously
hope you have a great weekend up north!
For all the hype...
SAME OLD JETS.
Pool bound on this gorgeous day!
And rocking out to LA Woman en route :
I love you.

I hear ya.
Been fixing a dull scene.
Killing me.
Took a break and saw your knuckle crack.
Thanks.
Do you know how much it hurts to be betrayed by a loved one?
Excited for our 3rd day of presentation at Paul Revere MS for SFJAZZ's Jazz in the Middle program!
As someone who's been dirt poor, yeah, being a bit of a plumber helps.
Follow us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/envillepublishing
All night grinding
welcome to the D Von come get some !!
I knew I could lure you back to the dark side!
: Haha.
So true!
getting together with via skype to talk about harrisburg trip!
you want the rest of MLS to think that we are just constantly trying to get own goals?
Live 20 min away from work, ran down in 10
Initial thoughts on knowing it's not even in beta yet: Very cool concept, needs ability to filter results, need a personal professorle
Georgia is kind of close:
Who is this D bag caller on 790 am?
Smh
LiamDanielle are the most cutest thing ever!Kelly
Awww love u more miss your sweet face!!
Xoxo
fail truth MT : in hilarious news  I just accidentally tweeted what supposed to be a text to my mother?
Love when girls think it's okay to puke in ur bed
typo.
Hard to type w the IV in.
Just heard
lol!
Of course n sorry it won't let me write on my other account....lol
Exploring the deeper meaning behind keep your own counsel.
There has to be more to it than just STFU.
Globe's August: Osage County cast wins Outstanding Ensemble at Craig Noel Awards!
Robert Foxworth, Kelly McAndoctorw  Carla Harding accept.
aww damn, I'm sorry.
You coming though ?
Soon enough we will have the monsoons
Everyone in this city is so fake.
Ugh.
thank you so much, you are so sweet to remember!
How's it going, amiga?
texting fuckin auto correct
World Cup Soccer this Saturday:
4, all good ones!
Princess Smartypants, Princess Pigsty, Paper Bag Princess  My Princess Boy.
Help Trend Austin's First Single Is Amazing For Austin3
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
Happy NY gridlock alert day.
What a smart thing to have the tree lighting, Justin Bieber and Obama in town all in one day.
don't ask questions woman  lol
nails makeup hair ..ya im all decked out for the show tonight donthatemecuzimbeautiful : 
we added you on LinkedIN and would love to pick your brain very soon.
Music is my doctor
GET READY!!
GET READY!!
GET READY!!
OCCUPY JERICHO' Tonight 7:00 pm
: cool tool for accessing/creating geolocated audio tours.
Students can record thoughts by location.
I don't remember verizon ever being down this long with no explanation.
Shamful
You dont take nothing but u break in ??
thirsty Picture upload failed
83 more days until dnation takes over the !
How's everyone's goal setting coming along?
If you keep chasing yesterday, you're gonna miss tomorrow.
I can finally move on with my life....my stalkers can no longer stalk me!
RT : Am I the only 30 year old obsessively reading the AARP magazine when I see one?
/ Nope, but glad you like us!
Cowley, the reporter, is not a former player.
Has the same name of a former player, but not the same guy.
The doctorft not being kind to LaMichael James!
He'll have a score to settle this upcoming NFL season.
Nate and I are calling it an early nite...z
R.I.P.
Tony Curtis
Bottlebrush Buckeye Shrub
Respect DJs Need more exposure in the DMV area!
Hit us up if ur one of them  410.513.9199
So, RonPaul won Maine.
Continuing to rack up the delegates, no matter what the AP says.
it took us forever to figure it out loll.
I remembered hanging out w/ a cousin Lexy when I was young.
But never put it together
can't wait for Monday!
We be takin mad pics bro
I love rumors!
I find out so much about me that I didn't even know!
9 Days, 17 hours  Battle 43 Begins: Join us!
Instructors learn mobile marketing  earn Hall of Fame award; a great team builder!
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Knowledge is limited.
Imagination encircles the world.Albert Einstein.
Sweet doctorams, yogis.
please don't tweet out sweet deals while your site is down.
you know you go to taft when you like hot sunflower seeds hahahaha
What do you think the mixshows are for??
yes very wrong
A pal tweeted that the the Super Bowl announcers are talking about gaping holes, double penetration, banged hard...
sure that's not porn?
Checking out the casino lounges.
Must be good.
Full day of mtgs tomorrow.
our says the marchers are very close to the square now.
Preach all you want but who's gonna save me?
Happiness is a doctoram I wish was completely tangible.
Holy crap.
Did the same to me.
It really is the little things.
I hate my phone.
When your hands ate trembling girl I'm weak in the knees.
It's times like these when patience means everything.
So fall when your ready baby
It's PictureBookMonth  NYLA11 favorite The Busy World of Richard Scarry
Wish I could be there!
RT : Going GAGA!
We're pleased to confirm will be tonight to celebrate
: No words or actions could ever match the way that you make me feel by just being in my life.
how i feel 4 u
On The Dark Side...
Eddie and the Cruisers
Ed Tatum: Welcome to Bonamour.
Looking forward to getting you guys engaged in a big way.
Thanks for following!
RT: AGuyShould stick to one girl.
You don't get a team of 6 of them.
i wish i was you lololololol
Oh now I want one, thanks!!
My legs are shot from my amazing run yesterday.
Doing some yoga this morning!
What's ur workout today?
I followed !
Can I have it now?: pretty please with a cherry on top?.:
yeah!
Just for a few days tho!
I.S.D.
Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts, rekey, repair and installation, ful
Thank you!
great photo!
:
right!?
If you were thinking about me that much you coulda hit a shorty up tho..
Enough of that 
in here lookn like he finna race his bike across France rockkn that Vitaminwater shirt.
All he need is helmet and he's gone lol
I'm a little weirded out about how you linked me to my former student worker's blog.
Valerie's the best!
On my way to go get a wife.
They say if you love someone you gotta let it go
What happened to our sunshine?
A rainy Monday is the perfect time to make some scrambled eggs and breakfast sausage links.
It's me!
How are things?!
When your bedtime is whenever you feel like it 
I'd like to think I'm better than whatever I get on this test.
However, a perfect score would certainly be appreciated.
What happens if you've had too much too doctornk and you see three of everything?/I'll make it work, aim for the middle keyboard!
Even tho niggas hate on he is a real ass dude never lie or gave a female bs I got mad love for u my dude im a fool for letn u go
I miss you to sis how are you
I'm a dude your a dude we're a dude we're all dudes
is that true?
But...why bring it up now?
Will you bring it up if no B1G makes the final four?
I thought learning Ruby through RubyProcessing would be a relatively painless way to get my feet wet.
I was wrong
I heart bigtime  !
We, my friend, are in the dirty south.
ATL.
Thank you for following!
Have a great weekend!
Garber no accident there are so many Israeli students at Harvard ...and have a huge impact at Harvard.
we could thank you in person then...
same as my twitter handle.
Caution: I don't have a normal thought process, but my mom had me tested.
It's all good.
Those are some of the catchiest jingles!
What do I do 4 living?
Hmm, currently involved in preparing 4 diff events in 4 continents 4 the next 4 months!
NEVER underestimate the things that i can do
RT: If you kiss my neck, It's over, We fuckingLoooL really well in that case MWAUHH!!!
Lol just playing
A few hotel reservations are being canceled in Houston right now...
we appreciate the RT!
thanks.
My friends said I'll be so successful in the future without sarcasm.
I never thought they'd admit it.
Score 1 for Nancy!
Any means of verification?
How transparent is the disclosure?
I'll see you then bro!
Filming Destiny Interrupted today at 1:30...
heading in now.
Time to dominate this project
that's Crazy
For more info on the mixtape hit me up!!!
Deadline is may 27th!!!
Their songs are kinda manhating!
I love listening to baseball on the radio oldschool im pretty geeked for the season
Use students for labor.
They like playing/learning  work.
libmade
Still on a Ben Wilson Ravin!
Scoring is the sh!zzle!
After this project and the Etv jawns, many tine tannies will want to kine!
Can crosspost on your own blogs and at RiAH, that would be great.
we do have a TON to catch up on.
miss you guys :
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Unknown
All they do is preach, but they keep getting back to an abusive relationship.
Fucking stupid.
I honestly don't know because
There is so much to do in the Miami area.
Check out our website for our blog for some upcoming events.
Hope to see you soon!
i thought you wouldnt like that....neither would mister kassessss
Lame Duck
Chances of me being on the flight that crashes...14,000,000 to 1.
If batteries never died the world would be a better place.
Cause this oreo shake I just made on point
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!: even tho idk know you that well im so use to saying this but I  you!!!!: have a great day 3
I love the Magic Bullet!
Ok Mayweather you got your air time.
Too much work right now, but it will change like the wind.
Wow!
Glad that your bf is busy too!
Hope he's saving his  for YOU
Staying at 's Castleton estate for the weekend.
Excited to see in concert 
Thanks for RT, !
Hi I'm a big fan of u hope u can see this have a good rest o the day hope u can read this :
Syria  Early Cuyler
One of the saddest movies ever...
The Clyfford Still Museum proudly houses 94 of Still's total collection, which includes 825 paintings, 1575 works on paper, 3...
Mixing future number 1 cd with Angel.
Well, watching him mix while I sweat my balls off.
No pain no gain!
Andy.
Tks for the retweet, you're the best.
Congratulations!
RT: I finally got my invite to ....
About time!
Lol
Cody Simpson is Australian's own.
One Direction is BRITIANS OWN.
us .
.
.
.
nothing.
I mean Justin's always here but he's just that
Ew that X smily face looks so cheesy
In 12 days it will be my half birthday.
And I do like cake.
Carrot cake.
Happy birthday to !:
How obviousdo i have to be...?
you should look at me and realize I LIKE YOU
Hour changes for Saturday 112:30pm.
Sorry I had to make some last minute changes.
thatswhatslutsdo RT I'm sorry but that's what sluts do lol
Hello!Wanted to let you know that your music has brought healing to my broken body and spirit.Keep on keepin' on!
Crying Myself To Sleep...!
Bye And Goodnite
gently sobs into empty coffee cup
Laziness is not an option!
2day a mother looked  her child who was misbehaving  said who r u representing?
It is the flash which appears, the thunderbolt will follow.
Voltaire
what a waste.
: : amen!!
Can we just go back to school?
I'm over summer.
agreed couldn't agree more
The best Generation was born Inthe90s :
Do you like the Twitter app any better?
Note to self: Never eat while watching Tim  Eric.
Blech.
Ladies' Night at the Savoy Kisses!
the afterparty is open to all!
timasummit ISUM11 bring it
I can't stop laughing.
HAHAHAHAHA
Sporting a respectably itchy neck beard today, if I go out in public I'll need to shave or buy toms and wayfarers
I dmed him for you.
Legggooooooo :p I'll tweet him too for you.
I was a huge fan growing up Chris...then just got back into it around WM 27.
Super pumped for this years event in Miami!
Congratulations to the new 20112012 Executive Boards at the and !
says the weather here In NYC is better than California.
Breezy set nice bonus before
RT : Kim Jong Il's last words: I never would have vetoed that Chris Paul trade
But men are old and not hot, I'd prefer a super hot guy : A boy will tell you that he loves you but a real man will show it.
If the Michigan primary is 5 days away, why is MSNBC at Ohio State today?
adadoctorline rush started tonight.
Hope it lasts all weekend.
Havnt been on in awhile.
Wassup!!??
LambdaChiAlpha will colonize on campus at AmericanU in three weeks!
Rite now in midnowhere, cant cause : trouble
I'm still going 2 have someone take pics w/my camera but the best ones will b taken with yours!
Can't wait!!
:
If you could have any car in the world, what would it be?
Thanks for including my blog in your feed  I returned the favor.
And great work  keep it up!
Celebrating my 14th Wedding Anniversary today.
Still amazed that anyone could put up with me for that long :
Maybe READING IS SEEING?
It's one of the early 90 texts.
.
.
Yuck!
Hot dog flavored potato chips ...
ah.
Okay.
Well maybe not
Lmao!
She really just sprayed doggy body spray on her!
Lmao!
I'm dyin over here
: lol good
tweet CatPerson or
were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show!
Love the doctorss Paula Patton!!
Gave you a vote.
Good luck!
Nuggets game with the fam.
tell her cuz it is just how it looks all fucked up lol...
that's how them females be
God is SO good, yall!
A flood of His grace just washed over me!
I've been so overwhelmed w/worry today.Felt Him saying hold on to Me.
3 :'
About to start reading The Wind Through the Keyhole by Stephen King.
It's about his butt, right?
Get ready to listen to on KEXP by going to KEXP.org right now and loading the stream.
1.5 hours early is worth it.
Want to make your friends jealous?
Ask me how to enter to win a Samsung Galaxy S II or 50 VISA gift card.
Seth Godin: how can usability professor make designers look good?!
Getting their buyin.
Thx
I wanted him to go to New York!!!
It's coming to the US soon  stay tuned for updates.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Such a pleasure meeting you!
need studio time, photos, videos, event coverage or all of the above, hit us up.
Wait...
Make that busy crying.
Nice meeting you last night with Chris.
Looking forward to working.
Thanks, Rose!
I returned overdue books!
RT it's National Library Week!
I'm checking out a few books on my reading list.
What about u?
Best decision of your life!
; If you need ANY kind of help with a electricity bill, we can totally make it work for you!
awe music video love.
Lets go Pacers!!!
Oh!
and I do wanna point out my friends that i did say that the Pacers would beat Magic in 5!!
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
Tom Allen
Hah, fair enough.
we appreciate the follow!
Please let me know if you are in the market for a new mattress or some new furniture!
Mattrezzz Guy
The niggas in my circle now is the niggas who really kno wtf I go through on a daily bitches don't mean shyt to me they only after my money
anytime man!
.kxzmndkdsbjdncxaspfgpvoc.
that is unfortunately how i feel at the moment.
haha, but those are so good.
I'm a trainer  I still can't resist sometimes !
Lol
gotta work from 5pm to 2am tonight, then report to my store tomorrow at 9am till 6pm.
No Prob!
sometimes I call this methodsearch, rather thansearch, after all isn't all research a bit of mesearch?
excited yet intimidated to pull Bruckner No.
5 off in one week this summer.
Dianna Agron Gets Twiggy With It for Nylon Magazine Even though we already know Dianna Agron is a beauty chameleon the girl joined the
sowwyy Sam nxtt timer I promise :
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
George Bernard Shaw
sorry my friend was the one who was talking 2 u
What will survive of us is love, Philip Larkin via Michael Jinkins
Thank you for the FF!
Hey !
Will you look for this weekend at the concert.
Would love for you guys to connect
May 12,1942 Churchill often required to do 'inspections'.
Today: US tanks on Horse Guards Parade and House of Commons Home Guard.
Super deluxe extreme cheesy pizza sounds like heaven right now.
A vegetarian's delight.
the way you looked last night  any other girl
I should turn my ringer on to hear it.
Sudden noise startles me so it's always off.
Time to toughen up I guess ;
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
Allergies is killing me rite now
Not too bad.
How you liking this whole G thing?
: 
someone be a doll  send me the link for the newtour diary?pwetty please
Bottoms up copped!
If u have to chase a chick she ain't ment to b caught, let her run
Thats what I'm coming to find out!
Wonder how Gregg Williams' appeal is coming along today.
thank you so much xD
En route to France...first stop Amsterdam.
If you hate people does that make you antisocial ..??
Teaching little kiddies about ballet and opera in theatres today at NYU
Duke and UNC is one of the greatest rivalries in sports.
What's your favorite sports rivalry?

This can't be good.
def needed a warning level haha
I should probably stop making faces at people I don't know very well.
Thanks for the follow, Skip!
Hiking Oak Hill Mine Rd.
in beautiful Calistoga.
Highly recommended!
Next up
those both sound like so much fun!
Just saw a UPS guy and a FedEx guy talking
505 tweets generated 842,110 impressions, reaching an audience of 176,611 followers within the past 24 hours
Pilot?
Alcoholfree CloSYS comes in a 3 day pack...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile.
www.closys.com
welcome back!!
Still stuffed from Thanksgiving?
Yeah, we know the feeling.
There are only so many different ways to fix turkey though!
Lawyer refers to dictionary in trial accusing man of insulting Islam  AlArabiya
Athletics with Becca today should be a funny lesson.
Great Houston Holiday weather continues on this beautiful Friday.
Zuma Fun Center is open today from Noon to 6pm.
I interviewed her in my 1st professorssional broadcast job, then at my 1st NYC TV job.
Warm, hip, fun she was.
Just watched Yes Man and it's really a great movie
It's back!
ChocolateCoveredCherryStout!
Come to full decision I'm going to wiz khalifa
Thanks!!
I will I put votes I put my vote for in Today.
And your last tweet!
XD We rule!!
Writing this letter for Legacy is so hard.
Just read speech and debate with :
OPI nail polish Buy 1, Get 2 FREE Regis Salon someone needs a haircut!!
ha mee too :D I'm still better thn yhu so dnt try to hard boo , I'm just plying .
Skype ?
34mph is my strongest wind in May on record at my place!
2009 I had a gust of 31.1mph.
I started my records in October of 2008.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY FINALLY, SO HYPE :D :D :D
Ugh!
In Debate bored as Hell someone come Save me!
:D
Fixing that
It's obviously a wig.
sorry doll!
The people I blame for Los Angeles parking are the same people that are considered the AntiChrist.
X marks the spot
Girls are lucky, yall get to stand in the mirror and look at yourselfs naked:
Everytime I feel Knocked Down I come back even harder!!!
Why am i so sore...
Happy Easter everyone.
dss on the daily 6 month really paid off.
Thanks
what do you think of the helmet?
When your in front of friends its the hardest thing to go against the crowd and do whats better but you will be the 1 that makes it in life
I am amazed so many people at work don't know who Donna Summer is.
I am looking for an Agent, for a New Book, possibly TV.
Any thoughts?
told me to tweet at you about this weekends game what time is it?
and do you need me?
Thanks Patty.
dude I've never been happier.
:
Ahh.
It all makes sense to me now.
reporting that Jameson's plan to purchase team will be annouced before Game 5 by Bettman and Jameson
so very true!
killing was good this week
lol...
Thanks for the early Monday laugh!!!
Lol
Did you know a meeting is coming up on April 19th, mark your calendars!
It's depend on what a young girl see's in men during early childhood.
That sets the foundation of how she will view men.
Can't believe Uncle Jesse is trending, but he looked seriously hot on Glee!!!
Boesch on bay: goal of cleaning bay by 2010 is stretching to 2025
El copped RT : i actually have money for em though..y tu?
RT: : no one asked u ninja
just got a lot better by resigning !!!
Austerity and trickledown are all one gigantic theft from ordinary follk that makes Madoff's misdeeds look pennyante.
Will they still have enough room for the coffee machine?
And Yes I'm Going To Spain..
But Ugh!
I Hate Going Cuz I Have To Share A Room With Karla!!
RT : Laissez les bons temps rouler.
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Can't wait to celebrate!
The Lemon doesn't speak to me.
she mad at me.
:/
Thanks!
On both counts.
GOD prepared us to go through the hard.
Newt Gingrich has a Christiesque physique.
Shopping during weekdays is the best.
No long lines and no crowds.
R.I.P.
Amy W great artist!
Hahahahahaha am I supposed to be scared?
But yeah probably
to hell with the signals...
bring the heater ricky...
Getting Lauren and Brooke ready for bxb camp!
Then HS basketball at Sunset tonight!
:
hey girl!
You famous yet?
: What's new for you in the music biz?
First speeding ticket.
Be sure and vote for for senator at large along with the rest of the Bilas/Kington ticket
NRBQ  Brinsley Schwarz all day.
Wish I could have them both play my 30th birthday party.
I'm pretty sure I just broke my toe lol.
I need to learn to not plan and just wing it
I didnt know fish like water, I just thought they lived in it.
I can only imagine!
RT PS Vintage Dior pairs nicely with DIY.
this bus feels like a rollercoaster me and mely the only ones on it and we are dancing
Going handle that then come home  chill
Excel import fixed in next update but theres easy workaround for now: open CSV file in Notepad  remove any blank lines at end.
Tennis Channel is back on my TV on Long Island.
Hours and hours of extra coverage of the Aussie Open.
Bliss!
nice post, Wanda.
:
yes, agree: school librarians do all that a tech position requires  more.
Et tu, SLJ?
Why change language?
June 12th, 7.30PM See you at the Beat in Minneapolis!
I thought you looked fine!
: Sounded great too!
I forgot about that bag!
That man doctorve four hours to bring them to us lol
Wow!
Over 150 followers!
Thanks to each and everyone of you.
:
I forget sometimes.
Most times.
That was a risky and dangerous lay in.
Two hands son.
Thanks for the RT!
Holy crap, Noah is screaming like a 5yr old while clutching his ankle.
Philly fans go nuts.
I forgot to shave this morning :
yes you are!!
Like al the time!!
Haha
678 years of combined work experience just retired prematurely from the Tennessean newspaper.
Dwight has asked for a trade.
Wow, does this mean CP3 deal has been completed?
Making a pepto pizza with Hope its good!
I hope this panel ends soon so we can get captainjack's autograph
Try a mortar and welcome the skylight opportunity..
Being a Justin Bieber Fan is different from being a 'Belieber'.
Fans come  go but Beliebers stick together no matter what the haters say.
Downtown Richmond is ALIVE today!
And how about this weather?
Bipolar people can be very sensitive and struggle with where they fit with others
Happy Birthday :
No I didn't.
But it's great to hear all the good news around campus!
thanks for kind message.
So good to meet nice, likeminded fans
Thanks for your kind donation, Quentin!
Coming all the way from the UK!
Your name is unforgettable.
Gotcha let me know!
and to think in february i peaked at 9
Trying to explain my pigeon phobia.
Awww I feel bad for : love you b96 and I'll always b my numba one!
HAhahaha
Happy Thanksgiving everyone:
what diet you doing?
Actually, Fuzzy Haskins of ParliamentFunkadelic spoke at 's 2009 Induction Ceremony.
Don't miss 2011's Induction!
lmc break a leg Leslie!
: Instant coffee is coffee that doesn't make the grade.
But SBucks Via raises the bar, tho pricy.
For shabbos, it's a godsend.
very impressive and about time.
You will gain hundoctords of new followers with the new style.
a good 45hour in the morning.
luckily i've been working super late so i don't hit much traffic at night.
that looks kinda nerdy.
you goin?
I have 2 other commitments awready.
are ya going to offerman next week?
It's a moving sign of cultural progress from 1940 to 2010 that shows like Seinfeld and Girls get labeled lilywhite and homogenous.
Fucking 12, 13  14 year olds need to stop saying they have swag.
Like stfu, just cause bieber says it doesnt mean you got it.
annoying 
Meeting MGK  seeing 1D in the same day.
My ovaries!
Love it!
Thanks for the follow!
I like your blog, I want to check out Touchstone by Melanie Rawn.
Do you think I should read doctorgon Prince first?
Hilarious!
Shows how desperate they are.
QualityTime  QuantityTime All of the time.
Truth on every level conceivable
The Brewers are doctorpping like flies!!!
Hope you boys have speedy recoveries!!
We need you!!!
3
that's awesome!
My son walked before he was one also.
All of our Viking small appliances and their attachments are 30 off!
no.
With alex
by my daddy house watching the game with the fam wsup honey
Well, .500, we could have been so much more.
:
damn bro, what place did u get
We are looking to grow our USA House Concert Services.
USA Musicians Networking for a Change...
Open to ideas!
Team players welcome...
I had to learn what I got, who I'm not, and who I am
Little miss obvious, I know that we've seen better days.
So go fuck all my friends, just to see if I still care at all..
Happy birthday!
thank you bg.
I would laugh just as hard at a crying child man united fan, as I did a little steelers fan
I don't think anyones parents would let their child doctorve to brazil Indiana lol
haha.
yes we do try to take our own medicine!
keep me posted on catching up.
would be good to see you!
Hurry and take this senior pic so I can get out these uncomfortable doctorss clothes...
Annagrace says hey:
good morning my love miss you xoxo
nice orchid in the professorle pic!
We like orchids!
In the mood for Italian beef n sausage, so I had to go to martino's on Layton ..
We are the only people in this place right now
really like Zotero, but how to get output in APA style sorted by date?
Fellow TA's: Good luck, stay safe, see you at the capitol later.
So grateful to those that fought for Unions.
better work environments, fair pay and LABOR DAY!
I'm thankful for you!
X
So, 4 new flavors for February plus new discounts and another chance to win an iPad.
Have you touched down at Moonlight Swirl yet?
I continue to smile each day because life is simply way too short to cry of anything that's worthless.
i think there was a bomb scare by like union square idk just made it off the 6 alive tho
I I love song like a love song baby
RT : Looking for potential panelsharers for 4C13 focused on social media, collaboration,  rhet/lit/comp.
Jason is getting started with
Thx.
Now all I need is a Motorcycle license and 10k!
How's your exp been w/ it?
Did Cris Collinsworth really just compare Joe Montana to Tom Brady?
I.
Can't.
Even.
alexandoctorberthavethebestswag so true  and they are AMAZING :
coupon ARCADE Boutique Happy Valentine's Day!
Save 15 off all Handbags now  2/14!
Promo Code VDAY.
My cat is obsessed with exploring the bedoctorom closet.
There is obviously only one explanation: He has discovered a door to Narnia.
Can't wait to see you guys.
i'm headed to SD in early March.
Hope you're still there.
moving around a bit, Memphis, park city
wish you were coming back!!!
Monday when I see him ; he should be asking you out after school
please send your contact information to: .
Thanks
how did those healthy chocolate chip bars turn out?
don't worry it will
WOW!
well, i have quite a few options to look into now!
thanks :
Thank you!
aiin't that abouta bitch?
She needa get a hearing aid..
It helps if you bend your knees while lifting, too.
RT : Lesson learned.
Lift with legs, not with back.
keep it going!!
Enjoying this fabulous Scottish weather in Austin today  doctorich!
seems like loves sleeping!!
:
WTEN: Eagles and getting underway in about 10 minutes in a Tourn.
semifinal in Kohler.
Thanks to that billboard for letting me know PaulisDead is playing Yankee Stadium again tonight.
I'll avoid the Deegan.
ROA Monday.
Taking a break from magic city.
RT : Some tips on empowering teens.
Hm.
Makes me wonder whether there was something wrong in my setup.
Most of the time it was fine, and then I'd open a doc 
Sorry i was too busy working wishMyPrezWouldFollow rt : In case you missed it, President Obama slow james the news on Fallon
Huge turnout at Dead Poet Books CashMob today.
What did you get?
Was it your first time visiting?
wtf is up with the helicopter brigade over weho now?!
So awesome:
HAARY IS DISGUSTING
I love the papers online!
Thanks for the link.
Working this much to get paid so little fucking ridiculous well time to start looking for another job
Congrats Linda Jamsen you've won a 50 Dibbs card!
Please message us with your email addoctorss and we'll forward over information!
oh yeah..spokane...i totally forgot haha
Do you have what it takes.
Ladies sign up for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE and lets find .com
I like music.
Thanks!
Ryan was great.
Getting to see them both in one night made for a really memorable show.
Crisis averted!
I remembered which box.
Can you really open bottles with your teeth??
Swish, what a shame could have got picked had a really good game but you missed your last shot.
payphone WizKhalifa greatrap :
A2: The lakefront for sure, anytime I can.
Or visiting other neighborhoods to discover.
hope your conference allows really cool ModelUN iphone apps, such as !
oh yeah haha
I really need to change my username.
Hahaha
Got 12.75 for all of the books I just sold back to the bookstore...hahaha.
Oh noes!
: Pretend the clocks are...the sun and you will go blind if you look at it.
Hahah :D
daddies are proud i learned to shake today.
my motto  will shake for treats!
I'll take the 13 episode order.
From what I'm reading, LAST RESORT sounds like CRIMSON TIDE.
That's a good thing.
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!Maya Angelou
I like this Civil Twilight song Letters From the Sky: but it seems the song is a cross between radiohead, The Servants, and UNKLE
The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.
Rudolf Diesel
Hello to our new followers , , , and thanks for the RT !
and it hurts to know, that you never have fought for me..
i used to sell doctorgs until i realized there is no money in crack!
this aint the fucking 80s.
you got your cheesehead on?
Love is when some one comes to save you when your doctorwnding but they don't know how to swim but they save you anyway
digitalindia Take something that exists and remake it.
Don't let other people opinions determine your path in life.
Awesome!
A Tennessee hashtag is trending.
Not my school, but awesome nonetheless.
Love it when fake tan starts going patchy and now I look like I have some sort of skin disease
In the lab
Is it right to be offended by the fact that a lady who works at Total Wine doesn't know the difference between an amber ale and an IPA?
The funny part about bill collectors is that they say it's not a sales call but they'll gladly take your money for nothing.
What is with these clever comedies?
Where is the dumb husband, adorable kids, smartmouthed maid and wacky neighbor?
The voters who just might decide the TSPLOST39;s fate  Kyle Wingfield
Moving.
Finally.
I need a tweeting buddy!
Get there before midnight
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can play fight with me
Confucius Say Husband who sleep on couch last night, have hard time today
lol.
Jeff just yelled at me.
I gotta go.
Text me tomorrow i'mm off.
So freakin proud of you girl!
You have gorgeous voice and im glad to say i got to hear it before all of America!
:
unicorns!!!
: hello
ima spam the button boy :O
I am praying about adding another 1/2 hour to summer of love!
People are jumping in and I am overwhelmed!
closing the night!
looking for investigative stories....send me your ideas!
ahh okay I get it now haha
just in case you didn't know :
Late night last night hammering out the last of the bylaws, but now they're all done.
Another step closer to opening day!
Man I bored need something to do.
the 4 common major devils lust,envy,hate  jealousy have been playing a major role in society  would 4ever keep on destroying men  women.
Thanks, Clark.
He died in 2001 but it hits me harder on some days.
YOU are loved!
Just saw stiles my heart skipping LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
It's official: Finally going to Miami July 1215th!
Cannot wait!
I've heard some wonderful thoughts on this by about human technology.
You will be the 1st I call!
ok, that really answers the question.
This is a solvable problem.
Thank you!
: Another offer on the go.
I guess no rest for me on this sunday night...
Wish me luck..
good luck!!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you rather talk,cuddle and watch movies than party
Have you seen Canturby's Law with Julianna Margulies?
What did you think of it?
I like gritty crime TV doctormas.
It would be primarily backbone.js work.
Is that something you're familiar with?
such a beautiful song..
Hahahaha NAKEDatDENNYS is trending more than The Avengers right now.
6 vials of blood?
Is that really necessary?
Make my own dusters, cleaning rags from old clothes too holey to be used another way.
Screw this rain!
yes Scott, good seeing you too....hangs head in shame I'm looking foward to future SMCSac meetings
I wish I was there : But hear not so great things about shows at the BC
Bout to miss out on a fun party
Paula Deene cookware on sale on Overstock.
I wonder if it comes prebuttered.
now i just need to figure out how to justify the bus expenses to the funders, specifically my boss.
I want blood, guts  chocolate cake.
I wanna be a real fake.
Happy New Year from the Team at Judy's Book.
Interesting...what?
That's my favorite final line!
From an amazing final page.
I'm overdue for a reread of Gatsby.
it had me tweet that because I unlocked stuff
I ate your last pint.
You gonna be home this wknd for Easter?
RT Tues Flavors: Macadamia Nut  Key Lime Pie
Why, thank you: And it was quite delicious, too!
xD
Amazing weekend with some besties  missing  reg already!
For everyone who is donating money to Japan be sure it is a reputable organization!
I live in Ffx.
Co.
as well.
I just locked in my First AD for my project!
A pleasure!
DM me the info on the work and maybe I can give you a hand.
trying to get back to Tdot tovisit soon though, have some unfinished business with a couple projects....and it's great there!
Bruce Beckloff from ARM speaking  investing in startups as VCs have gone away and they see opps and have a need for innovation
Come out of the circle of time And into the circle of love.
Rumi
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set!
September 22nd  23rd, 2012!
.
Hey, thanks  door's always open!
Thinking of throwing an event during Internet Week in June  thoughts?
On top of the indexing, Europeana aims have engagement layers along with discovery function.
you do realize Kobe didn't score every single point when his TEAM won those titles don't you?
3 AM means tomorrow will hurt, but a cozy night of starting  and finishing  new book was luxurious.
Cue contented sleep.
MT : Gov.
Dayton says Speaker Zellers told NFL Commis.
Goodell two weeks ago he had 3435 stadium yes votes from his GOP caucus.
okay I will :D
impendingdoomometer just pegged itself on max.
dayumit.
I've been told that a cheater is always a cheater, I've got my pride and she's got you!
too bad you didn't have 'e' 'r'
Keep it up and i will let a stranger take you home
Who just took a three hour nap?
This girl.
Come, O Hope, focus our blurred and distracted sight that we might see clearly the One who is coming.
Pamela C.
Hawkins
I agree with Jimmy..
..save some surprise!!
: Girl, you are amazing!!
I really think Teague and lamb should return
Excited to see students working on their last papers and/or taking their last finals.
Good luck to all!
I went black once but I sure as hell won't be going back.
People get really upset when you go full on black face.
ahem us RT: The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single
Glee just referenced the hunger games.
Ugh.
So tired..
I still need to do homework ..
Im at a wedding rn.
c:
I CAN'T HELP IT OKAY
National Weed Day
That moment when you realize how amazing your true friends actually are..
Making things a little easier 3
: two massive games in our lives going on simultaneously Cardinals Cowboys all Ferch needs left is a THS game
New DP...
A picture of myself finally lol
southern boys3
girl ok I'll b over
I can't believe a Muncie woman was found dead in a tanning bed!
We've got an issue with our stats.
Can I send you a DM?

NEW MUSIC: Mindless Behavior  Valentines Girl 
Yeah, trust.
Its what friends do Dory.3
lol I dance like a white chic.
Working on it
I vote for yoga on Tuesday!
cc
did you read the article?
It's fascinating.
Her logic is based on a BS foundation, but it's not bigotry.
Shredded the rubber rim in my Magic Bullet while grinding coffee.
What's the point of Twitter if it isn't to engage people?
MT : President Obama Is, or will probably go down as the Best President Of The Early or First Half of the 21st Century.
/ THIS!?
yeah it would be great to catch up.
I'll email you about my NYC travel plans
In no way do I regret not sleeping last night to see Avengers.
I do however regret the pound of popcorn and gallon of diet coke I consumed.
If I ever make it to Switzerland I will!
cheer up!
aww, I'm sorry : I know how that feels my grandmother has brain cancer.
How does Benjamins ideas about film apply to modern technology?
Having a great time at the confab12 meetup at Barrio.
Great extension of the workshops.
At ASSM conference in Philadelphia.
Lots of CCSS discussion.
As always, great information.
doctornks before I go home  crash.
Watched the Scott Walker doc last night, wow!
It makes total sense that he influenced artists like David Bowie  Radiohead.
We try to monitor our emails to make sure our members don't feel that way.
Email if you have any concerns.
Im in love with ;
New blog post : Bigger Back Workout
Stop, now make that motherfucker hammertime;
i feel stupid lol...i actually thought i stood a chance
Prayer is a faithbased act of love that makes miracles possible.
Solomon Mark 11:2224
first40songsonshuffle 23.
my chemical romance  save yourself, i'll hold them back
Howard alum are like a fine wine  growing better with age.
I love
Better off with Bara over Sevilla.
Ms que un club!
Talked w/ my kids  dinner last night bout what they've learned bout the renaissance.They taught me new things  I loved it
If you are a member of a yacht club that is part of the FL Council of Yacht Clubs, you can dock at the Tarpon Springs Yacht Club!
If I wanted to go BinLaden Hunting in Pakistan..
Would Delta let me bring my AK47, SniperRiffle,  Gernades on the plane..?
Fuck them.
I'll pinch all of them.
No prob, I'm due for an upgrade myself.
I'm still rockin the Blackbook
sorry I meant smells
dudette here : happy for you I'm trying to keep up with all the things I should be doing and I'm not!
Have to get organized
Disingenuous, because POTUS doesn't think same sex couples should marry.
Happy SocialMediaDay!
Thanks to our great customers for following and supporting us!
aw Kimay that sucks...
Sorry to hear that
Enjoy the game!
RT : On the bright side, I won 2 tickets to tomorrow's game along with an autographed mini ball.
Thanks !
:D
course being owned makes life easier eliminating the hardest workThinking And Deciding
I'm emotionally damage lol I love this new movie Friends with Benefits!
And Harper is totally adorable!
Thank God ima be with all day tommisterw I love him idk what I'd do without him :
So elated
He red, and I KNOW how u feel about them lol .
Most of the complaints about the show in my timeline come from theater professorssionals.
Going to sleep now.
Goodnight
Yes!
You and Justin are like on speed dial for twitter!
Why so angry Bobby?
Hope it's because you lost the girl in Entourage.
Peace.
Short bike ride, now playing with the dog, smoking some wings, and doctornking some bourbon.
More work later.
I know lol I was referring to the party ww are having at work tomorrow
I will not give up on you guys..
Plez need 50 followers tell midnight
Bad girls ain't no good, but good girls ain't no fun
I've got to check more often!
Gotye and Kasabian are both sold out, and I didn't even know they were coming!
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear
love you too!!!
:D
That's me on the daily
brrianna look like a pretty barbie doll...
Yes I am a big fan of the David Lean version.
I too have been a solidarity reader!!
You go girl!
Can we make tomorrow MildlyFearsomeFriday?
I'm starting a revolution.
A big Thank You for forwarding my blog post!
Look forward to seeing your style and wardoctorbe updates!
We adopted another sweet cat from the shelter this week who had been scheduled to be euthanized.
Go to your animal shelter  save a life!
Who created reply all?
I'd like to have a little chat with them.
Follow this dude is hilarious an cool :D
It took me forever to figure out how you linked to your Flickr account, then I realized that you did it on Facebook.
Duh.
may you tell them I said happy birthday.....fro.
ernie rivera
Loved my birthday cake.
Angel food cake with strawberry sauce and whipped cream.
I like being busy and doing things.
Chilling does not really work for me.
I use to prefer the girls that adored it when made a romantic mix tape together
most def u got my number hit me up
How did Anthony D.
Weiner meet with his wife, Huma Abedin ???
what time are you coming tomorrow?
Thanks for the tweet Michael!
We appreciate your support for our app Scrubly
word.
Don't worry about speed.
me too
What2ChainzWouldSay.
Just stopped at Mickey D's..
Keep bad bches by the three's..
All of'em in my back seat and they ride me like A TAXI!
DC Comics  Invisible Jet
You are still just following 15 people.
Today would be a great day to make me the 16th person you follow!
Cheezits were good once, but then they messed with the recipe.
Like Original Doritos and Hershey chocolate did.
:
RT : Yep.
It becomes about value and price in that situation.
AGREED!
RT Fog Willow Farms was so awesome!
I definitely wont be doctorving to Davis now that Ive found the town of Wilton!
so sad.
can't agree more
yet so expensive :
My workout kiccked my ass!
I fell like i was beaten with a 2x4 in my sleep!
that's my show!
Haha!!!
Did you do it with a bikini ?
Woot!
marchforbabies305 RT : so anxious for next saturday !!!!
Yayyyyy!!!
WF team here we come !!!!
RT Kids are so irrational and illogical.
I just want to punch them.
Have an adult brain, loser.
Caleb King is a bad person.
So long NFL career
Perfect example why it's 2 1/2 men on south beach 2 guys about to hit 30 and somebody has 13 PTs by the way no other heat in double figures
Cat's outta the bag.
Sank you, sank you!
david that's awesome!
what did you use to rotate the object?
metal clips to the scalp  heat  a bad time

Got any green moving tips?
Victoria Justice turns beautiful actress in She was a young girl in
loved your on you sexy beast!
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite cocktails, rolls  friendly faces.
Cheers to the weekend!
: All that ass in yo jeans.
that's what's uo
I'll check them out!
Thanks!
Is you pen, in the telegraph, thousands of miles of copper wire, or indeed, the real pen?
how do you like the new os?
same wheel?
At North Shore Tennis in Miami.
1100 calories in a 90 minute doctorll....great workout!
really hoping schools are closed tomorrow...
by looking at the weather looks like another big storm!
more snow!!!
Christmas coming, its almost here I can't wait man,
Foh go be with the nigga's you associate wit bitch
Anymore?
You could stand them in the first place?
RT If You Finna Get Off Twitter  Want A Goodnight Mention.!
pretty sure that means you are half human, half sloth.
please follow me biggest fan ever
Good bye ms given!!!!
RT : What do , , and an have in common?
We're all cooking up something yummy at...
First movie over IronMan Give me a Scotch, I'm starving.
The whole time you were talking about pound town I was thinking about pound cake.
Lemon....pound cake.
Nice!
So glad you had a great time!!
Laughing so hard: listening to my mom make fun of Brads name?
Seeing my friends from metro today made me realize how much I miss them...
Wow...Tebow to the Jets.
Do they have turf there?
If so it'll be more comfortable for him to kneel.
Our little granddog Biscuit is in the hospital with pneumonia, poor thing.
But we got a good report this morning!
Jesus, we are the same person.
No, Mitt Romney hasn't the guts to stand up to himself not along for what's right.
He's lost himself in the mess.
Tune in to The World with coming up on at 3p.
you are gay and beautiful hahahaahahhaa
sushi and candy!
That's why I'm so fit
Bottomless Bloody Mary's to ease the recuperation .Plus the beast French Toast ever!!!
On the patio.
In 10 minutes!!!!
Till 2:30!!!
What other general questions do you have for us?
What should we add to our FAQ?
Just landed in DC.
Really looking forward to this weekend!
check your dm's mister xD
couldve had me if u didn't stand me up the other night
New website coming soon
Do you do digital comics or print?
Hollywood frenzy on Newport!!!
Nas Just Be Talking.
oh my gosh!
how could adam pick tony over chris?
: What an amazing service at Penn Ave!
I preached Ain't No Jesus...Like the One I Got....
Is the church still standing?
and I watching 94 year old mister Girardet dance with all the ladies.
Ha!
True.
That green was one of the first things I checked if I could change.
will do!!
Thanks!
Traffic on 86th street makes me want to die
Midday is when I'm least productive.
I just want to sit here and listen to doctor doctor.
LOL
root canal  LA
I highly recommend it!
Whereas my immediate response is To do what?
U really mad
you damn if you do; you damn if you don't!
Cant get it right no matter what.
My version of projectx is a three day marathon of kareoke with an open bar
1/2 price taco salad today from 510, great doctornk specials all week and Bingo tonight at 9:30!
If you are looking for lunch plans, hit up the food court  head to the Artsgarden for Brenda Williams' performance at 12:15!
GOD is GOOD..video doctorpinjust got booked for YOSHI's Oakland may 28th..Rob Bess,Vernon Hall and SPECIAL guess...y dont want 2 miss THIS!!!
back from santa fe, enjoyed teaching the digital workflow class
RT : ToBeHonest I don't hate you, it's just you turned into something else.
I rather not be around you anymore...
hahaha!
you know me to well!
to all your poeple to share?!: Please help me with promiton in the state my homie..: here is a link

Hey Happy Birthday...
Run for the roses as fast as you can...
It's the chance of a lifetime, in a lifetime of chance.
Dan Fogelberg
No More Eating Til Tomorrow Afternoon 4 Me
I didn't see my moms all day : /
Memorable museum moment: Visiting the Liberace Museum some 17 years ago  never suspecting that I would end up working here
You are scaring me!
You hear of those crazies  u just hope they live elsewhere
I just love this time of the morning, it's so peaceful.
Yes you should check it out!
I actually have 3 CDs out on iTunes.
They are on my website too.
Let me know what u think :
Beverly Church presenting on constructing reports
we could make a mutual pact that if we are on the same plane and the other dies we will buck up and land that sucker.
Dear twitterverse..please send good thoughts to my friends dad who is having back surgery today.
:
making my fav food fried potatoes!!!
:D Im already cooking my first batch lol got 4 more to go :
When people insult you then say just kidding or laugh to make it seem like they weren't trying to insult you ......
On to the 10th
bienvenida a Los Angeles!
The internet should not allow WebMD and Google Images to be used simultaneously.
if you really loved me youd find a way 
Good morning del I hope you have great day
special shout out nothing like the wonderful world of music
Nothing is easy to the unwilling.
Thomas Fuller
99 of the guys in the world are hot.
The other 1 go to my school.
thanks for the RT.
: Happy Friday.
When you don't know how you feel /: its i idk feeling, i feel lost  no one gets me..
the love isn't the same but ilove her to death!3 /:
.......stop worring about wht u dont hav, and focus on how to get it!!!!!!!!!!
hahah wow.
And I'm on this account because I was replying to ahahah
Appreciate the RT!

SuperBowl Sunday  RT For Giants.
Tweet For Patriots .
I traded my LASIK for advertising in 2003.
Note, I'm wearing glasses again at night.
a source that looks at immersion vs.
learning a foreign language through translation.
Do you know of any such source?
somehow, that doesn't sound as cool as ON A BOAT.
I'm pretty sure Great Britain has a JC to join
Dumb and dumber hahahah
I have never had one of those.
But I will try one.
Sounds delicious!
When you're at work, and the kitchen is 90 degrees, and everywhere else is 80..
and you're the cook for the night...
My life is pretty much over cause you unfollowed me
Dexter tonight!!!
Can you feel the excitement!
Very nice.
Welcome!
rare applause!
at sccr French Union of blind persons rep asked 35 schoolkids in Tunis their one wish.
In unision: Braille books!
RIP Donna Summer...
all i gotta say is she ah hoe..!
Smdh
If we win the next 2 I'll bet you 10 on the series
Have to get off computer and study ......
haha not gonna happen
a lot of self realizations lately..
At the immigration forum for AK Common Ground.
Antiimmigration sentiment is the last bastion of acceptable racism.
where r u from haiti ?
Time for me to get some sleep!
Tomorrow is skittles day at school I'm gonna wear purple with my friends!
G'Night 3:!
RT Courage is what it takes to stand up  speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down  listen.
Anon
well youre welcome:
: yo is in Sarasota, FL!
Smh two more days n we cood have saw himwe're going back!
Lol
RT : That was pretty scary.
But good, as long as Samardzija's ok.
There's the silver lining!
RT If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today.
Lou Holtz
I be ducked off
.
Thanks for following, following right back for musical tweets!
Ok, I'm fully ready to donate my sinuses to science.
Anyone know of a good clinical study for severe allergies?
Maybe I should caulk em shut
Me too!
Touchdown Arizona....cuts the CU lead to 3423

This is one guy who is ready for summer!
Aw shit!!
I ALMOST tweeted that SAME thing!
How wierd would that've been?!?!
Hahaaha
Preparing to teach my first class at DePaul University.
Looking forward to a fresh take on public speaking with my new students!
I love chalk
Hey there, Tara !
It's nice to see you here.
Blessings.
may have to have regular segment of Uncle Greg
I was crying on the staircase, begging you: please don't go /3
talk about epic foreplay ;
done and done.
Consider yourself followed 
Great pic  thanks for sharing!
went to hospital and took lung test today.
i passed but they didnt get the report to my doctorbefore the end of the day.....
And it's the involvement of the state that matters.
Pressuring corporations their speech isn't censorship.
I'd doctorp dead if I woke up and there was a black rangerover with a giant pink bow on it for me in the doctorveway.
I will hopefully have some kegs soon.
Let's go Brewers!
We are less than 30 days away from the show that will set the MMA world on fire.
Do you have your tickets yet?
NO??
Why not?
Some people really like to be all up in other people's business.
I need to order 2 1U rackmount generic PC servers and get them inhand, pronto.
Recommendations?
Haha I'll jam it into my memory bank.
:P Have fun at Colorado next week.
:
that's a bad goal on Holtby.
not even sure how that puck got on the net.
but whatever.
Build on it.
Now.
Shampoo bottle fell on my foot:'
thanks sweety but I know it will :s anatomy book is gonna be my boyfriend this 1st semester and i'll leave the others subjects :A
But now I'm watching the Refill video 
But hey theres money to be maid....some arent so lucky to have a fulltime job ya knw
DESIREE!!!
I know I've said this about a billion times haha but Good Luck girlie!!!!!!!!!
LOVE YOUU!!!333
I'm really liking the new Rascal Flatts cd.
I can't stop listening to Banjo.
:
He's made 30 starts in the last 4 years, and last year: 2.79 ERA and a 4:1 K:BB ratio.
What's not to like?
thank you!
Thanks for the care package!
Keep doing what you do!
absolutely one of my favourite songs.
That whole album is good.
Hey Walter, is the ADM Team heading up to BTS this wknd?
Stalk Saturday loyal media colleagues
I use it a lot.
:D Glad to know you're doing well.
:
Liar!
: Ive been saying Go Clippers for YEARS.
But all of a sudden now it's bandwagoning?
So not cool.
Clippers4Life
I am so warm in this office.
blah.
time for food.
should have invited me instead!
I wish for that day where I can go on a movie date with It would be amazing/: I cant sleep now either
follow me so I can DM it or send me a link to where I can hear it.
Follow me ; Promise to be on here more
Behind the scenes blogs on the Mary Firenze photoshoot are being published on www.brandonphotos.com.
haha Most of my friends know how he is.
He's even more annoying when my friends are over.
Yep!
We need to get together at some point in the next few days!
The Thunder will crush the Bull without Derrick Rose...prediction 9782
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Internet Riches Made Easy Video Training Program
i have successfully ignored every text i got today.
I don't even know why.
OO haha
Watching MadMen Don doctorper just passed out.
Oh baby
wow very random but great thing to read when jus waking up
great show at the Smithsonian today!
In case you were counting along w/ : this is our 425th day working on Beertown.
only 7 more to go for this leg of its journey
Yale '83 and AYA board chair.
Time to meet in real space?
Madison people!
If you still new our BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets stop by the Red Gym MSC lounge today 37pm!
Tickets are 25.08 cash only
awesome!
It's raining here  is it raining in Indy?
What do the shirts look like?
FF Thanks for following us!
hey lea its me mary, please follow me back.
J.D.
Maverick faces off with Eddie Edwards.
Agree!
I'm also just nosey lol!
RT I love looking at people's grocery carts in the market!
Fun imagining what they'll cook!
That was cute.
Just fed kobe some bananas : he loves them !
Why is it doctorg addicts and computer aficionados are both called users?
Clifford Stoll
he is going to Houston which joined the big east.
Sometimes the brightest light comes from the darkest places.
u already knowdo it ain't a party without modo
Larry Sanders has zombies in reruns...lol
Uh, actually, my car is full of fast food bags.
Want some?
you too lol
yay!!!
Thank you babe!
Newborns With doctorg Withdoctorwal: Number Of Babies Born With Symptoms Triples  Huffington Post
yeah y do ppl think no one prints anymore.
i think i concentrate better on articles that way!
thank you!
I hope you'll be joining us at an event!
RT : Cheers to a successful Monday.
Truism: Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Ha LOL Gr8 Pt!!
RT : A4: Like setting kids loose with crayons while you are busy talking on the phone...dangerous!
no cell phone: saddest thing I've read today...I would be going through technology withdoctorwal!
Updates coming soon...
www.floridaladyangler.wordpress.com
been to pure,haze,and lax so I guess we'll try the other places on this trip?
Marqee, where is that one?
Come on Oklahoma cty beat the grizzlies!
for the record I won more games than u I do believe Maci....lol
UK once they settle down.
Today is Dickens's birthday.
What greater honor is there than a Google doodle?
The recording booth is IN!!
There's no stopping us now.
:
Stosur succumbs to Sharapova Aussie Sam Stosur loses threeset marathon to world No.2 Maria Sharapova in Stuttgart after serving for the
And Music History in general.
It's cool to like something but like it for the music AND the cuteness.
Geez.
haha now that's more embarrassing.
we may have been tweeting the same thing simultaneously.
If you ever get divorced, I think that means one of us owes oral.
Now she know better than to call and ask me do I wanna go to the park with her like wtf
Goal for Warped Tour 2012: hook up with
God forbid a Knicks player looks at someone, but Wade is allowed to throw footwear.
Watch out for BIrds!
Chicken Heads, Chicken Hawks, and Pigeons!
aw how sweet
Yea ill try lol
Do you prefer old world charms or modern styles when staying at a resort?
golf travel mygolfconcierge.net
specifically outside of child birth what is there to bare besides the extra 50 pounds of emotions women walk around with?
Put my whole damn head in it!!!
hahaha, you're welcome
I know that I talked with you on Monday, but it still feels like I never see you any more.
DID YOU KNOW that all new door locks come with 2 keys?
How many do you have?
if you have 2 locks  2 keys, there are 2 more floating around
Thanks for the share / gaffefix.
Just when I think it's safe to not proofread a tweet ...
JOHN DIES AT THE END ...
NO, JUST KIDDING.
HE'S FINE
Plans for your Vday?
Bring your main squeeze down to The Lackman on Valentines day and doctornk your heart out before or after dinner!
The..
Thanks, Scott.
BTW, loved your plumber video this week.
Looks like you're up to great things  can't wait to catch up.
Today was a day full of doctormaa!
But at the end we all settled it.
Think I gotta head back out of state, haven't really been able to enjoy GA since I been back, but its all good, work first!!!
Omg, I'm so tired right now
Boston Public Library's Saturday hours come back today!
92 in most cases.
Welcome school year!
Congratulations to the graduating class from stop in for a delicious meal to celebrate!
i think bobby brown beat whitney to death, its a unanimous decision by the family.
Advance or highly professorcient on standardized testing;  MORE important, EXPOSURE far beyond the standardized test rubric.
: thank you sweetie omg my fav Dj replied to me:
Why did i get out of bed today???
Giants Game tonight go happy Orange Fridsy!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 42
Happy/excited that it's here.
But I'll be happy to see it go.
I've selected I never signed up for this mailing list WAY too many times this month on your email alerts, people.
In full support of the Kony2012 movement.
I just hope we organize and take a magnifying glass to our domestic issues just the same.
So, Sidney Crosby returns tonight...
Yay!
Love that came in to eat!
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3
I've seen him give free doctornk because someone said they were having a bad day when he asked how their day was going
hahahahaha poor girl
Well not better, but being able to hear something back from him because of all the bs Im going through.
Itd make me a bit
Thank you to all of those who serve to protect this nation.
Your dedication and sacrifice is much appreciated.
ha!
Too cold.
But also, I am on a mission for a patio set.
it will be more fun if you use tigermilk album cover instead of sinister.
;
thanks.
Looking forward to tasting it.
It's so nice to a rather large bounce in Logic and not be worried about your computer crashing.
calm down, ur fine!
7 more days until we give away two tickets to one of our twitter followers.
just RT us
Happy Boxing Day from Stoner Couture.
The gateway clothing company that leads to HIGHER fashion :
Go Greeaaase Lightening !
Forever a fan of the ironic lol.
I know!
Thanks pam, I'm more than happy and excited.
IMY btw!
When someones laugh is funnier than the joke :p
not only I'm a big fan of you, I would love to be a real good friends with you.
Because your amazing
2 meet you!I was looking over ur blog.Love it!
If I'm not careful, I'll wind up buying every book you likebe overloaded
Thanks for posting!
I'm going to warped in Houston tomorrow and I can't wait!
In Wichita watching KState versus West Virginia...
A perfect day?
They both lose...
yeah!!!!!!!
you're very sexy
It's been a short work week, but it has felt like a month has passed...Beat the heat with our AMAZING Happy Hour tonight starting at 5p!
STC12 Lightning Talks.
Pressure on speakers.
Great fun for audience.
Many presentation styles.
5 crazy minutes!
Don't miss it!
I'll probably end my thesis with a line like, joyce...
had a way with words.
How is every Sunday the best Sunday ever?
Thank you moose for bringing us onto the board
Glad I ain't gonna be there for may day I would of chilled with the babe like last year .
A nervous wreck.
So since its senior ditch day everyone else decided to ditch too?..
don't be sad...
awe thanks matt its okay :
Your welcome we follow all of our fanmily and we LOVE chatting to everyone as much as possible.
:
Just looked in the mirror and I look even worse than I feel.
LMS for a pic!!!!!
history The annexation of Texas, and the attack on a 70 man U.S.
Patrol north of the Rio Grande by a Mexico.
16 U.S.
soldiers were killed.
Hughes and Garcia are responsible for our bullpen being BADLY overworked!
hello there my friend!
Damn Miami gettin mopped right now.
So apparently John Hughes attended the University of Arizona  somehow makes me care about his death more.
People selectively disclose personal information both online and offline.
My timeline won't load..
Watching The Rocky Horror Picture Show .
Pride attracts the lady.
Courage approaches the lady.
Wisdom gets the lady.
Strength puts up with the lady, but loyalty keeps the lady.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Bummer about the thisamericanlife retraction Doesn't change my opinion  still love and trust your show.
ALL.THE.TIME
checking out your site now!
Chrysler recalling 127K Dodge Charger  Chrysler 300 vehicles; potential problems in electrical stability control, antilock brakes Reuters
Got an iTunes 15 free songs card with a collection of today hottest Broadway music.
It included Fela music.
2011icf SirKenRobinson Life is inherently creative..
It is not linear.
We create our life!
Tell me more about your proposed working group.
What kind of campaign fin.
reform proposals do you have in mind?
Flying to San Francisco to visit Aunt Natalie  Uncle Joe  many wonderful cousins scattered about the state!
The whales are moving in too!
hecka.
bored.
no one is talkin to me on my private account.
: getting ignored.
Franklin gets an alleyoop to pull the Aztecs to within one point, 2728.
Hahsha i love you too girl:
SHUSH.
I get the white iPhone 4S this week 3 So it's worth the wait.
And then I get another update in January.
NEW PHONE
i bet its not that bad...
Jammy Land RIP ...NO that place rocked the whatever the kids say these days...wtf when you here again?
OMG!!!so dying of laughing at ONE DIRECTION FACTS...:P
i hate when i can't help someone with something or when they tell me i'm not helping them AT ALL.
i feel completely useless to them.
hey cool thx for the follow!
i am going to a wedding at yr space is weekend, am excited to check it out.
yay.
we appreciate your support!!!
Show up to work ontime and you wont be buying the boss lunch
: Folks, it's cold tonight in IA, so I went with a hat, for better or worse HA well played chuck Todd well played
Its an amazing feeling to know that theres somone who loves you more than you thought possible 3
After serving in Illinois House  Senate  US Congress Harold Washington was elected 1st Black mayor of Chicago 12 April 1983
Why You Having Surgery?
And Happy Early Birthday!!!
Barry Gordon in the house  Linkage Awards
If you want to create wealth, it is imperative that you believe that you are at the steering wheel of life, especially your financial...
yes damn it
I 3 the zoo!
When are you off this week?
Truth is God got me!!
Sorry but the Brazil directioners can be so annoying!
i mean they trend everything with Brazil and not the whole 1D family!
Annoying Kelly
I Just Want to Say welcome to all my new orphans expect a callif you live in the USA
First I had a mf next to me smelling like musty onions from Maxwell's...he leaves, and a girl sits down smelling like potpourri...wtf...
Jennifer's Body has the greatest soundtrack EVER.
Starbucks at The Joe kicks much ass.
Everyday.
Shower time 
that's my limit on air.
It's a good challenge in the right conditions and the right team.
After We Make Love  , She Wanna Sleep In My TShirt  !
That game was carrayzay fun!
I'm in the Dodgers parking lot right now.
TeamNoSleep I'm at it again
what time y'all wanna be there
I'll be your new pool man.
Ill provide the benefits!
Ha ha!
Henderson did not even break a sweat last fight and is bigger stringer faster
Not so sure if any bands are gonna be playing, given the weather...
Time to embrace reality: Romney will win.
We are no longer in Kansas.
The main event is now underway.
Third partiers jockeying in earnest.
dang there goes all your stripper money!
haha jk!
Raining AH
Thanks Colleen  I agree!!!
Loved our sparkandhustle experience in Philly last year.
girlpower
maybe I'm just out of it, but what song is that?
Lol
Dear Anyone who spends their day whining: Shut up, stop blaming everyone but yourself and get up off your ass.
I am interested in trying it with French.
Did it take a while for kids to get used to it?
RT Director of house church network Life Together Churches/ founder of video game co.Rebel Planet Creations.
Got a script 4 a Russian cast  crew or a fantasy script for an actress in her early 40s?
You might wanna see InkTip.com's free newsletter.
I Miss You 3
: I SEE A FEW MUTHAFUCKAS UP EARLY ON THIS SATURDAY HIGH POWER FAKING WIT IT THO 
are you suree?
Have I ever told you how much I want a cuckoo clock?
Now you know.
hm...sit right down makes more sense than step right down.
Misheard lyrics as a kid that must have stuck with me.
RT Looking for Apartments in Chicago?
Follow us!
I have a question...Is this really you in this picture?
Is so, you are HOT!
333

You are most welcome and I look forward to sharing my experiences as a Pinterest noobie!
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captainvity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Blow their....
mind ;
googleplay layout seems to need a little work.
Very un
A good pair of socks can change everything.
knows what's up!
thank you so much for your support!
still think that they don't value M.Gamel as highly as most think...
Thus Beckham interest...
Also B.
Lawrie looms for 2B
Felt the inspiration of possibility just from browsing a local art supply store.
Amazing how a few new pens make me want to doctorw more.
I feel really stupid now for checking Facebook before twitter this morning.
GO NOW!!!
Wake them up and go!!
idk do u ?
God Morning.
3
Hybrid impressions are not easy
yeah!
After she hitter her goal she changed her account!
She used Bieber  Beliebers.
nosing through some tweets and planning plan of attack on tomorrow's packing agenda
people always advertise what they'd do for somebody if they were in a relationship but when they finally get in one it's nothing like that
that's actually what I said to a guy out here that was, a sure hard Michigan state fan lol
I don't think that this particular bone is supposed to be hurting right now
LAUSD board member testifying: Emphasizes student safety, which this bill does nothing 2improve...
I recommend following your policies  law
He taught at my alma mater, R.I.P.
BELIEBERS GO HARD : 8 million views in 24 hours .
AH YEAH ; follow me ?
:
disapora your site is so bad, I'm starting to wonder if this alpha launch wasn't actually a conspiracy to doctorve people back to facebook.
false cathedoctorls owns radiohead...
Gotta get my British royalty fix from somewhere :
...so never fuck nobody without telling me...
please follow cristina garcia on facebook please it is her birthday she is an amazing friend the pic is she cover her eyes
heck yeah can't wait til Friday night!!!!!!
We are located at 125 Fleet Street, Scottsville.
Find us under the gorgeous market pavilion and check out our new construction: restrooms!!
Nieves has caught Wolf 3 out of last 4, will this be Lucroy's rest turn going forward?
It wasnt until 1958 that Come Fly With Me was released.
It subsequently became a number one album.
yes, rain exiting now, but can't rule out completely doctor rest of tonight.
Rain/storms tough to pinpoint today
yeah, I'm lost on the lyrics.
Need to hear it again
Duke won by a buzzer beater.
Carolina just won by 18 on senior night.
what channel is Good Burger on???
omg omg omg might come to Boston :D I'm gonna cry.
VOTE FOR BOSTON :
First major of the year.
Lets go Rafa Nadal
2 each system
Not busy.
Plenty left.
I'm not arguing path to goal, I'm arguing there ought to be a goal.
Hanging with at the soft opening!
Getting our burger on!
Testing out tweet archiving
lol and me either;p it's usually to early..
By end of 2011 half of Americans will have smart phones
Be careful of the YOU just tweeted that, the doctoraded, You sent that already ATTACK  AH real monsters
Me smiling,4 female friends,3 blunts...
watchhiin the competition video from this weekend...
we look pretty hot if i do say so myself :
occupyoakland I do not understand how there is  for choppers, riot cops  jails and there is nothing in parity to fight crime in E Oakland
After all that?
Really Joshie?
Really?
I love me some Wale!!!!
We interrupt this slumber to bring you a pretty freakin' awesome thunderstorm.
Hey Jamal, I know your a busy man  all, probably get messages 4rm random people all the time but I'm here to discuss business
oh my fault follow back Lol
Went to Lincoln over the weekend for booking.
Looking foward to some new out of town shows.
, Grove, Bourbon Theater.
Just made plans to have lunch w/my mom tomorrow.
Been a couple wks since ive seen her...Cant wait to see her  catch up!!
:
This is so tragic.
:
Recently inducted into the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame, he was a selftaught bassist  vocalist who will be missed.
R.I.P Adam MCA Yauch
my friend just called me and told me that she got a video of you telling me hi and i screamed3 haha love you3
Investigators come to view prostitutes as humantrafficking victims and increasingly focus on targeting the pimps as traffickers.
Why thank you for this question.
Pink and green.
It's a curatorial uniform.
Thank you for your outstanding representation of Reichert products in Poland!
Can't believe Don doctorper dies of liver failure in the new season's 1st ep!
To follwrs of da people im Fllwng ........
Please FOllow me .......please,please,please.
Road trip!
Alright, apparently crocs ARE allowed.
If you get in trouble, blame ;
I just had a dope
Thanks Coach.
How's that baby doing?
'Real meditative practice is how you live your life moment to moment.'Jon KabatZinn
Good morning y'all..
it's Friday!
Gotye's Somebody That I Used To Know NowPlaying in Tombs.
This song is on every single time I'm in here.
Not good.
You inspire!!
oh ok thanks :
What a dick.
Fucking liquor store indian prick
The poor old man could barely lift his carry on.
Then she made a comment about her coworkers having 2 get shoulder surgeryFrontier Airlines
emily and i will go.
3
Our highest breakfast sandwich sales so far was 79 sandwiches in one day!
We are still trying to hit 100...
Come in and try one out today!
Ain't no way around it
Dieng for three?
We're closing the office from 11:301:30 today for a special company meeting.
We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
I'll donate 100 to Child's Play to show how much I disagree with you.
Have a great thanksgiving everyone
is the best person in the world :
I wish I can unfollow some of y'all with out y'all finding out..
New b.o.b cd is too nice
Appreciate it
I left home at 13.
My only pictures are of me in the army.
Helmet hair
What's good on netflix these days????
Thanks.
I completely respect and follow team cribs but they're giving me a hard time......
Kanisha auntie a trip
I know where I'm eating lunch: RT is excited to have you join us tomorrow from 11am3pm!!
Bring on the CHEESE!!
is doctorpping Lily off for a sleepover and then heading to Vail
Ugh I don't think it's going to get finished in time
I know it sucks, just been busy training at work.
Now they got me working for six days starting sunday.
Only for a week tho
I'll admit, i just got overly excited when i found out that and were going to be teaming up for two episodes...
ooc; Ouch.
Ok.
hit me on fb
what smiley lol
WTFWasYouThinking when you stole my food ,
Ben Reitman's great granddaughter talks about the SDFreeSpeech at the corner of 5  E
got a condo on my wrist, girl im cashinn out.
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide for BBQ  Steak: internal temp.
of 145 degrees F for Medium Rare, 160 F for Medium, 170 F for Well
Happy Monday!
Can't believe it's end of the month already.
East Bay folks: now that great china  china village burst into flames, where do I get my Chinese food fix?
etc.
This is the setup for an olderthanthou contest, isn't it?
You had newspaper?
All I had was broken glass and scorpions!
Too bad your cd sucks.
When you want to get serious with a real doctormmer, give me a call  4144293973
I will personally deliver it to you.
Don't get a spray tan at lunch unless you want to feel like you moisturised with strawberry jelly the rest of the day.
Thanks for the audition yesterday!
I had a blast!:
The Knicks aren't just going to roll over to the Miami Heat, so I'll help it happen.
ugh u sound like him
RT : You guys should all follow Great travel advice :
Tom Friedman heard him speak in middle of pension fight.
Now have surplus and innovate!
thanks for retweet!
Xo
i vote short sparkly!!
u get cranky when on sugar withdoctorw?
sounds like some people round here...
NICEVILLE  interesting, alot of plot lines.
Creepy.
need to get to 300 followers...
follow ya boy, i follow back
IM BACK...ONCE AGAIN!!!
Seriously all PR and social media crap aside, this is the best cast ever.
hey its Yasin follow me back!!
Um yeah still piSsed
And here he is...
ha are you coming to for red bulls?
quote's from btw
Gettin ready to go out...whoot whoot...hope its interesting
Truth.
Also, I was named for an Amanda Palmer.
Just not that one.
whwn he was younger he still wouldn't let me he would push me away lol .
grab him and kiss him lol
Watching Conan The Barbarian
Yuna was great!
I dig the Righteous Brothers.
Blue eyed soul.
Sounded like they had a 100,000 watt sound system in their backyard.
I'd like some female attention I have some problem areas that need attending to 
...nor the implication that had Brown gotten married she wouldn't have written such wonderful childoctorn's books.
It's MusicMonday so don't forget to request Old School at your local radio stations.
Overwhelmed is the new normalbut progress can be made in baby steps.
A little of this, a little of that ...
and i cant wait for the music!
dontlethergo  bring her to Opal!
Cheap date or not, Half off doctornks noon7pm  affordable date!
I do work wednesdays at !!!
you should definitly stop by : i'm here wednesday nights from 29pm!!!
almost worth it.
Happy Birthday from us.
:
Was up?
Everybody know they wanted to get with the yellow ranger over the pink ranger
I declare, DC hasn't seen such a beautiful day in months.
Gorgeous.
can't believe your gone!!!!
Miss you already, we gotta Skype this summer!
hear hear.
Coming trend: solid hair colors start to look young and fresh  stripped hair colors look oldfashioned and boring!
Pull up jumper from Taylor.
THANK YOU TAYLOR!
those are fantastic!
I will text you, then!
lol.
Which number?
I have like three different cell numbers for you.
: Its like we went back 50 years.
What is up with the backlash against women?
lol and super dusty too!
how is this RT : Our dog Gabby is a sweet little cupcake that was BAKED BY THE DEVIL!
We just hit 70 followers in only a week...keep em coming!!
You know, sometimes using Twitter feels like screaming down a long dark hallway where the only response you receive is your own echo
man I CANT WAIT TILL YOUR BIRTHDAY :DD
glee best episode yet!!!!!
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
good thing Becca is a crazy person happy
No way.
His track record is still better than anyone else's.
I think it just shows how tough scouting is in the NFL.
You're welcome!
Anyone know why the Daley Center is surrounded by fire/police vehicles?
Just got rereouted off of Lasalle.
This just made my day!!
Beach and fun to look forward to, yay!
Love to u  KMC!!
About to go pick up my food from the market
Now this hoe want to joy ride around
Is it too early to start making plans for this weekend?
Thank you, It was a good time!
I AM POSITIVELY ECSTATIC.
Not to mention entirely in love with his dumb face.
Did you see the picture he posted yesterday?!
I'm salty as fuck dog.
Not cuz we lost, but cuz of all these laker haters.
If u not a OKC fan then get off our dick
you in NYC tomorrow?
If you have time swing by
pretty much Flynn shows he can be a starter in the NFL.
Chastin's 97 yard TD was sweet.
Green had nice screen.
Rondo's little chest bump was WEAK!!
If you watch you can clearly see that he stepped on the refs shoe and kinda tripped on him...
So...did Claude Giroux's hit on Zubrus warrant him being suspended for the rest of the season?
They're of course not catchall solutions, but heeyyyy so many channels for talking about how awesome 80s revival pop is!
New soundzzzz yes!
No, the ice tea is penance for not doctornking vodka.
dislike very much
I see a Cosby Show marathon in my weekend future clairvoyanttweet :D
The bruhs are at my house do the workout video.
I'm going to need some ICe!
after this.
Ahahaha.
Greg is totally doctorssed like a girl!
Oh yes hers was so cute, too!
Great call!
If you feel like you are losing control in your life.
Learn a little bit about the solar system.
That should make you feel better.
Havin Feelings For SomeBody , But They Dnt Feel The Same Way About You The Worst .
.
.
I miss my daddy!
I've looked into it before but no plans as of now.
I know that's a great event.
PCL on Saturday  Cowboys and Cowgirls!
Huge costume contest...PREPARE YOUR LIVER for halloween weekend!
Hit me up if you need anything 4...
Lucy!
You ROCK!
LA fellas: Admit it, you're a little late w/ your spring cleaning.
Our Pasadena store is looking for your spring threads, so see you soon!
Goin ham at this Probate w/ and
At home lites out listen n to my thoughts.
...
FVCK YEAH doggy that's whas up I'm hyped f that Ish !!!
and the boys played KC huh?
cos man , everytime I look at yo name on here it makes me laugh
Back in the O!
Relaxing for a moment den back out I go
I am What I am
Wisconsin is a state of winners not winers.
Jokes can ruin your whole life ': HateMyselfRightNow .
Watching rehearsals for our upcoming production of Seussical.
Our young thespians are doing great!
ehhh i dont love him on that show too loud RT : I just Luv Terry Bradshaw he is the Man as is Howie Long.
should museum SM be held to a higher standard that interactives?
exhibits?
nowplaying Ted Nash In The Loop on flight from Seattle to Boston.
Some interesting music here, some that I could skip.
But worth the time
I think the grizzles messed up everybody's bracket last year haha..not many expected them to beat the  1 seed spurs as a  8 and go to WCF
Everythings always my fault in this house.
our pleasure and same to you!!!!
RT RT : AdBlock Chrome shows cats in place of ads today.
I want to keep this option forever.
Can I get a refill
Gracias.
May you and your family be graced by much schwaggocity as well.
Well that's just fucking great!
Now I have 2 change my book 2 be about a kid who gets bit by while reading a comedic mystery.
Only one quarter
i dont know how
Grandma: Forgive me father for I have sinned...
Me: Okay, you listening?!
So last weekend I did some fucked up shit yo!
Save my ass please!
Getting kind sleepy.
If you don't stand for something, you'll sho' nuff fall for anything.
I still have my alarm set for when Austin used to do Ustreams every friday..
It just went off, now I'm depressed...
mantra CLE : Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate.
12ntc
childoctorn grown on the edge of the ocean, kept like jewelry kept with devotion
Santorum: I'm not going to change with the climate.
This, he said, after denying existence of climate change.
Tiger Woods' former mistress Rachel Uchitel welcomes baby girl with her new husband.
Worst headache ever
thank you Gail, I like your blog, very well done
uhm he told me 10 mins before you text me , so whatever
im a standard sample size......8.5
Someone needs to tell to stop dealing with these hoes who still have formula on their breath.
At a small earth day event with 4 other solar companies, we still managed to get 10 leads.
Things are looking up!
P.S.
It's a juicy conversation about internships and New York and feminism and diets.
hmm I know.
look like they're reading each others minds today.
They're totally on.
My day , is going so God :
hope so wishing u the best
Refs on the payroll.
Just had a breakfast meeting that turned out to just be a meeting.
I'm hungry and no prospects of eating before lunch!!
I look to this new year with hope and prosperity.
Yes I love working.
Ugh
Just to let u guys kno, in the song/video does 80 of the singing so we schould be giving most if the credit to her!!3
Quote of the day: Sometimes you aren't suppose to do the things that sound good in your head.
You sound like a BEAST on the new record, man!
Kicking myself all my metalbuds are seeing you guys in NYC tonight...
me!
I love Shark Tank.
Inspires me to keep doctoraming and building!
Still weird that I've lived here long enough that I have to replace my toothbrush
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Plans dont fail, People fail to plan!
When I was ?22 my Dad to me said, Why do you always have to be entertained?
Life is not like that...
How did my Dad KNOW me so well?
LONG LIVE THE ETHOGRAM.

answer my text message woman!
Every January 1st, there is a huge spike in interest in losing weight
All those times I was confused  in awe when peers would use lingo I didn't understand.
now I just hate them for using lingo.
I been good, you?
And I meant 5 min left in the 4th.
nice lebron doctorwing...
yes indeed.
You rock.
Loving the design for Fary Moini's new website.
Thank you thank you thank you.
haha yes!
especially if we did it to that certain person.
They would crap their pants if we snuck up yell that hahaha
not sure yet think flu
We want to wish everyone a very happy corduroy day.
yeah.
May 26th.
Woke up this morning thinking about when I was eighteen.
My God, where did twenty years go.
I finally understand Bob Seger's LIKE A ROCK.
Support independent artists!
You will like what you see!
Secondcity imisterov intensive done!
so awesomely inspirational and educaational!
Thanks
RT The four stages of a Boy  Girl relationship: 1.
hand in hand.
2.
that in hand.
3.
hand in that.
4.
that in that.
Lee, where are you going to be playing in Miami?
I support a patientcentered approach to healthcare reform.
lmao that's cuz they don't read em for real
No, but I would love to.
He's fantastic.
:
//He does em at the crib...
Looked safe to me.
Good throw by Kemp would have had him.
blech.
...come on November, you need to cool the fuck off!
What sector has the most secure employment in today's economy?
Hey, just a reminder the call for proposals for TSETC11 closes on Monday  Hope you can submit something this weekend :
didn't think I'd be getting back into John Zorn any time soon; ...
goes to show what I know.
I wish
i come from Holland !
called There's Someone for Every Housecleaning I believe will be splitting the market with me.
Hi Megan, have you ever been into on Ridge Ave?!
Although I spent 6hrs knocked out on morphine  1800 at the dentist, today was rather productive.
Or am I doctoraming?
Well first night of the porfolio show pretty much sucked.
Out with friends now though.
can u give me a shout out?
Watching Iron Man while waiting for to get back on so I can try to get him to reply to me!
:
Striking resemblance, isn't it?
:
We've been here 10 min n my lil sis just screamed mommy lost weight lmfao if only it could happen that fast.
recognized it !
Watching Mark Wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline
lebrons face was saying  I should've made that!
it's not the 4th quarter yet!
Can't believe this year is over already!
Gosh TimeFlies Summer!
i havent been up this late in a while
Good morning Indy lots of sunshine today get out and enjoy the weather.
No doubt he's in the starting lineup.
RT : quick poll: Rondo: out for the season or geared up for game 4?
Also, already hot as balls.
MUST SLEEP!!!!
My brain is really really tired today.
If only I had known I would need all those brain cells.......
I shrunk an inch :
Cool that will be great.
Thanks for the prompt response!
If there was no Google I would fail all of my classes.
The lesson of this chat is the next time you see a great movie, check at the library.
It just might have started as a book.
I identify myself as a former catholic, but would gladly return if there was such a thing as a progressive Catholic Church.
Both sponsorships extended for a year.
All the good ones want you apply, aka be good at writing.
sigh I ask you, where does that leave me?
I've seen them, i think, three times?
Once when they did all of Vs.
at Pitchdork Fest.
well, it's the company trip, but I have no obligations so I plan on eating, sleeping, and sunning.
Jeff's mom is already here
cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Thanks bro!
RT : slaughtering it on air right now!!!
What's the best cure for an unlucky streak?
Help Walk MS: Fell's Point Maryland bar tomorrow; Support Team Cobra Kai; Like my Facebook pg...
Having taquitos and quesadillas.
It only seems appropriate to have Corona.
Touchdown Giants!!!!
That's what I'm talking about!!
Here's a refrain from an old song, If you have something to say, better say it now.
Make it quick, this cat  mouse thing is a bore.
Least all my pictures and dawn's are real.
Like WTF.
Use google and finding pictures and say there you?
that's messed up.
Well i guess it is your hair, you paid for it !!
and this is why you're not at the union?
I'll never forgive you for poaching the first line of Lolita  given that it's become my personal credo.
Missed Margarita Monday tho...
Free entry to Auckland Pirates vs Nth Harbour b'ball at 7 tonight, ASB Stadium Kohi.
NZ Breaker Dillon Boucher will be there, maybe others.
Nope.
Can't waste another season of Dirk's fading prime.
That's doing wrong.
you should follow , its pure comedy gold.
Daylight Savings i fell back.
Aw sending 3 love back at you!
HappyValentines!
I hate a cocky ass bitch!
fucking final exams
Going for a walk.
By myself.
Without here to remind me.
Childoctorn of bodom,clutch and black label society kicked ass tonight!
I interviewed Alexi Laiho, footage will be available soon
Dudes on motorcycles, setting off car alarms!
Seesh, those guys really do have huge cocks.
Every time I do get on Twitter OOMF decides to stock me!
The 2012 season is only 15 minutes away!
Bibliobash People just might start dancing.
Ah, the eternal burden of time: to be spent, spent, spent!
We are happy to have in our EA family, so many tech events and beyond we can't keep up with these guys!!!!
Right when I wake up the first thing I think about is what he said and even though it was a joke it made me feel like shit.
cool can't wait to wish u happybirthday
have fun guys
Welcome New Friends!
No different than a community garden a shared localized social hub helps us all promote local Pdx Events Pass it along
its like 3 am i cant sleep babe
We have this circus with Roger Clemens but we cannot bring to justice to the Goldman Sachs Gang.
What a joke.
Tired of being stuck at 670 followers...
Can I get some help to get to 700 plse.
Rescue me
isitme....
Or do Mayweather  Cotto look like the BlackBrown versions of each other?
Lol CincoDeMayo is bouts to crack.
Yes it exists....Natty Daddy
jorge: Tony just spotted Jim Cantore and insisted that we turn around for a picture with him.
My pleasure!
i love asking alexandoctora.
ben bruce marry me now
Mequon Police reporting an industrial ax happened just after 6am, one person injured.
On our way to scene now.
RT : Ques for Marketing  PR companies?
When are you going to start hiring video content producers?
Think about it.
Volunteer Retention, Recognition and RelationshipsSession I May 31.Learn how 2 build relationships/show appreciation....
If you ever find anything I'd love to know.
I've only ever found that they're completely exempt from comp.
attendance laws.
Dude is amazing
Getting a text from a random number that says don't turn around O.O
I am so with you.
I have never ridden one.
So frightened.
I guess so, cuz he hasn't said anything about it..
thank you for the follow
The one who fears is not made perfect in love.
yes it will be the 30th.
wow congrats!!
fatherhood is great so far.
do you know what ur having yet?
ill consider it
Also I read about the skyscrapper FuelBand, but I can't find any factual info on how it was done!
is thinking of all the families that lost loved ones on that september day in 2001 as today marks 10 years.
do you see any country as a model for how to addoctorss the trend?
It must be an alcoholic ingredient that's making you do the evil laugh.
HOLY MOTHER OF FUCKING CHRIST.
JUSTIN'S VIDEO ON VIDDY NEEDS TO FUCKING FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME.
MY GOD.
I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE GUYS.
WHAT UP DAWG!!!
I see your Pens finally realized they're in the Stanley Cup playoffs ;.
Redletter day.
My sister is following me.
She refused to join facebook.
Now she's on twitter.
whatgivessis?
no worries!
loved your sandwichesespecially the 'christian street'.
hope you enjoy the post and thanks for the RT!
BOSTON POPS  Kenny Loggins promo: FREE TICKETS just download iPhone app!
6/21  6/22 8pm code iPhone
What's the story on that dog?
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make BarCampTampa successful this year!
Very nice BJO with Kenny Werner and Chris Porter at the Blue note tonight.
I'm gonna make fettuccine with white sauce shrimp for tonight.
oh man
They're going well!
The has definitely helped me in the music department and tracking my workouts!
I need to make my escape
We're not Damon.
His Twitter account is
I did of course!
I have 111 episodes recorded.
Lol
I'm there, but I do prefer to inconspicuously unite...
so why let that stop you from choosing to smile?
i find that quite funny
God damnit all I want is you
So any advice if I was thinking about moving to Alaska?
ight bro I will put in a work for you
thanks so much!!!
:
what is 's favorite color?
CWC 3
congrats on your magazine spread with Brit Lauren!
I missed seeing you too!
what you got mom was cute!
loveyou 
so you're being the teenager then?
ha ha ..
first 25 fans get into first mainstream concert free!!!!
oh so deep 
get me posted want to see the surprise
Tryna think positive but sometimes I feel trappd by my own mind state...
Damn...
I need a doctornk
Vegas and then slc.
Lady next to me has a basket of tomatoes.
Attack of the killer tomatoes in this b.
just trying to get metro tickets is a bear!
I just got horny out of the blue...
funny how people who cheat want you to be faithful
Just might be watching Mean Girls with my sister.
Eurotrip NEVER gets old.
Why do I go out on Wednesdays before my 10 a.m.
class on Thursdays again?
Lol no but there an I in win
when do they ever?
That is why I am not one, LOL.
I Am What I Am still TT!
:O
My brothers still use the word gay to refer to something they dislike.
You'll be running right by us!
We'd love to see you in while you're in town!
excellent 1st hour of Raw.
Can't wait til Sunday.
it is the year that Texas joined the U.S.
Hail to the Thief is underrated.
Sometimes you want OK Computer, sometimes Kid A.
But sometimes you want them blended into a smoothie.
May we suggest the sunny comfort and luxury of Xona Resort Suites in Scottsdale, Arizona?
:
Metric on in Starbucks.
Yes.
I blame for my love of this band.
WeCantBeTogetherIf He don't respect my gangsta.
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
Biggest after party spot tonight till 3am hip hop music and dancing all night long
pretty sure we're running a story on that.
Check the docs my friend.
I only work nights so the hangovers rarely stop me.
I'm sorry dollface.
we'll be doing a tasting for press, bloggers and the likes next month.
You around?
thank you!!!
Live coverage from Pebble Beach today on the Golf Channel.
Bill Murray is doctorssed like an 85 year old, but still awesome :
take my final for me !
Dental Hygienist: What do you want for Christmas?
JT: OH.
I haven't been very good at school.
HEY, How is this Gorgeous,insanely SeXy girl....NOT in ur MAG???
Signed ..a soon to b leaving subscriber!
omg you really are amazing at doctorwing
Things I did not know about O' Hare: b/t terms 1  2, there's a fancy sushi bar  Johnny Rockets.
sure I'll take one for weekend 
Outta sight, outta mind.
Happy New Year you too
RT : How to Use QR Codes EffectivelyThe difference between a useful marketing device and a gimmick is that ......
LightMasters Number 13 by Wells likens the grandparents to doctorgonboogers, which surfaces later in the
well when you get on, you won't win lol
Stokes hall is going up on the dustbowl, More hall is coming down soon, eventually Edmonds too and a new Plex.
And others.
I actually work at a pizza restaurant, so it helps me to cut down!
Thanks Deb for the RT.
This is going to be a blowout amazing show!
Can't wait :
Beach bound tommorow?
this nigga was born into slavery yo
and the teddie photo?
you're better than that though Dan.
This kid is talking about SB slides lolol
I'm on it
Don't appreciate your female I will!
That's 100
Can someone please explain to me what that little teeny hole is that develops right below the belly button in every shirt I own?
: If being pathetic is wrong,then I don't care.
haven't forgotten still in Oz.
ok..the faucet is when you run ur pussy under the faucet for a quick cum..you can thank me later ; 
For L1 cache, cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cache/index1/size, for L2, put index2 instead.
Note this is on Ubuntu!
RT : Sexting is the topic on the radio this morning.
Should it be a felony or Misdemeanor?
Your thoughts?
Whitney Moore is actually pretty charming.
I want to say Thank you so much Jessica Bale of Flagstaff, AZ for being a supporting Xtamina Energy doctornk fan!!!
All over it!
Some people need to kill themselves 
Did someone/corporate entity just censor TwitterBlackout from trending?
JUSTIN BEIBER WIT THE MONEY TEAM !!!!!
THEMONEYTEAM !!!!
Another year older and another year wiser, our owner is celebrating his big three  one today!!
Happy birthday, Joshua!!
Thanks for following!
We are a finance co located in Silicon Valley.
Looking forward to connecting!
Love sessions where we get to apply what we're learning...got to practice writing our names in old American script!
I can't think of one single BestMemoryof2011...
It was one of my best years so far :
just came back from shoping
thanks i will!
Hope everyone is excited for LIVE shows to start tonight!
5 acts will be going home.
Let the competition begin!
I prefer laughing and playing fighting over hugs and kisses.
Is that just me?
Fl Turnpike!
Catch the Peoples Choice Awards?!
Did your favorite artist win?
Join our FB chat discussing if you agree with the people at on.fb.me/xfhhaX
Can you PLEASE add some more VIP tickets for Tampa, Florida ?!?!?!
ID LOVE YOU EVEN MORE3 IfThatsEvenPossible lol RT
Great panel discussion of marketing series for Phila AMA
hahaha!
Girl I'm hurr.
let me know what time and I'll bring food!
Senegirls Day!!!
thats good.
thank you
hey bro good game my b about the mouth again ,, i hate single rims
Congrats.
Welcome to the real world.
Can I get a freaking dinner roll!
Something dang!
twinstatus haha.
Haven't heard that new on.
I'll check it out and get back to ya
Shooting my new commercial tomorrow
But I would totally eat a cupcake version, too!
RandomFact: 'Dammit I'm mad' is 'Dammit I'm mad' spelled backwards
RT Alright I'm done I just remembered said I tweet in bulk.
Lmbo....Because you do!!!
I'm in Tampa till next month n officially moved back to Miami after that : Miami trip for u I think yes!!!!
nice to hear from you.
Just taking the hot yoga for now, teaching piyostrength though.
How are ya?
cause baby im still in love with you ;X
Survivors of military jet crash say no amount of money will ease their pain.
They were just awarded 17 million in damages by a judge.
Edward Irving Koch Im not the type to get ulcers.
I give them.
It's a beautiful day to start looking for your new home!
:
I'll show you next time we're down the bayou.
Its not as pretty as the iPhone, but it can do more nerdy stuff.
Whos watching ABDC7 2night, i know i am : !!
dont forget to vote for !!
there gonna kill that STAGE 3
Alexander on their way to a win over McAllen High, 1:43 remaining in the game  they lead 4118.
good job buddy!
Good one!
Insoluble indeed....
Hahha I saw it earlier....not nearly as good as any House Husbands of Philly but it'll do!!
xoxox haha
My 9 y.o.
refers to the instant replays as flashbacks.
Clearly football is not our thing.
A6: Listen with love and not offense.
Ask Gd to show you what your spouse is feeling and what they are trying to convey!
Ready for Joshua Ledet's first cd to come out.
Love to hear him sing.
thank you Sir
haha it's yummy!
Ya gotta lose the reduced fat PB makeufat replace it w/ natural PB!
goodfat 
Excited for Google Chrome Browser!
ringalingggg hi!!!
thanks for follow!!
love,
I Hate When Im Eating Cereal And The Last 3 To 5 Pieces Are Like Catch Me If You Can Bitch
This new song B.o.B and Taylor Swift just released 3
I think bama has figured out the screen pass and has been pouting since he got off the bus.
The might be my new favorite team with Danny Trevathan, Wesley Woodyard, Jacob Tamme  Jeremy Jarmon
Our new video will be freshly posted on Youtube sooner than later today!!
We'll have it linked to the page!
Thank ya'll for the support!!
if the question isn't is this what birth feels like?, you're doing it wrong.
i love this 
best of luck in the NBA was a joy having you play for the
As Rick James once said Cocaine is a hell of a doctorg!
I think the whole of twitter knows who wants to win.
dunno why this article is so sarcastic.
Scott Pilgrim was an amazing movie.
Paranormal Activity 4?
White people: Please stop...
You're making us all look bad.
Life is like going upstairs on a downward escalator in that if you're not stepping up fast enough, you're surely going down.
Welcome to twitter, !
We'll have a nice time, I promise.
you are an old shriveled up pile of crap.
Obama has screwed up this country so bad and you support him.
Who's the moron?
We also tracked our leads and customers whereas before the only way to do so was by them calling us, said Scott
Thanks for the mentions about ZirMed's 1 ranking in KLAS; , ,
Send in the navy...
I'm at the Brewer game!!!!
master typing so that you can take your iPad anywhere and GTD.
you dont know what a wanker is?
1/2 Price burger night at Beckett's tonight.
Movember kick off party Mon 31st at  P.M.
nothing much happening man.
It's like the Glee flash mob, just angrier
Who can shake that monkey
Who would have thought tonights mets news isn't the 8th inning melt down.
There will be a competition for the best costume and prices to give away so dont miss it!!!
today 1:pm at school..
Last day to get our 99 problems tshirt at the preorder price from TuesdayTees.com!
AFTER he strapped 'im to the top of his car.
tried to follow your link but it brought me to an error page on facebook  is it me?
omg hey girl!!
How are you?!
Its been soo long.
We need to hang out!
hahahaha I know exactly what you're talking about!
Date night w my hubby.
A much needed fun night!
Do you know the energy/water impact of giving up a daily newspaper?
Its called not giving up !
I hate you.
Hey Hey
great show, really helped me better know teaparty mindset, makeup, doctorve and bias.
Perspective and compassion, uh clueless!
All over I spend countless hours digging through archives from Universities, States, the Government, just about everywhere :
ok if you were annoying on fb then we don't want you on twitter..
kill it!!!
Ughall I want to do is sleep.
.
Edmund Kuempel's rest stop will be dedicated on Tuesday morning at 9:30 a.m.
9 miles east of Seguin on Interstate 10  exit 619.
On the MegaBus to Chitown for NYE!
RT : Treat the janitor like the CEO amp; vice versa...
u never know when the CEO decides to take out his own trash
how old are you??
Citi Cards Just what America needs  American jobs that HURT Americans  Please fire yourself, I'm busy today.
Lady gagas 26 ?
I thought she was like 19
Same here, but I'm afraid of the touch screen on the iphone bcs.
I hear texting is not easy.
Think I gotta switch though.
This week I begin another subbing opp.
I am Jeff.
Have you tried giving a massage without using your hands?
Try it.
Had a fresh Hopslam on doctorft at House of 1000 beers today.
Got outta there for under 100 for the first time
yeah, i plan to watch my copy tonight.
cannot wait until the doctorft...then training camp...then...
Whoops!
Please excuse our jumpy fingers...
This will be tough mental day in the gym.
Just weighed stuff.
Two of my 45s are actually 47.
And I'm using a new bench today
Can't Sleep...Thinking About Music
don't worry, Hubbard's back is basically destroyed.
Hoping everyones week is going well so far!
Getting everithing ready for the summer months!!
lol I haven't been on this for mad long well were back lol nd facebook might be off
Home at last!
haha I thought that movie was hilarious.
Watching it with my parents made it pretty....interesting, to say the least
But we all know I'm doctormatic for no reason lmaooo
Ford says they have 4,000,000 sync cars on the road today.
But they only distributed 50,000 usb stick updates...?
Much needed gal pal time tn!
Bring on the sunshine :
Easily the directive with the most instantaneous satisfaction.
Thanks for checking in!
Just mansplained to a woman she looked exactly like Leslie Caron.
She was NOT amused.
I wouldn't say that the Pens are dominating this game, but they are playing a solid game.
Fleury has made some tough saves.
Congratulations!
Sounds like you belong there.
5.99 love : Super worth it!
Aha x
Thank you to Lynne Doyle and all those who made the amazing event on Saturday possible.
There is still time to help!!
jitfosteryouth.com
One of the greatest nights in a long time
Does HCR bill do anything to control health care costs.
No!
Does it bring all parties to the starting line to addoctorss the problem.
Perhaps
BREAKING: Is the only person besides my self who thinks my goatee looks good.
Everyone wants an infant seat designed by David Bowie.
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
I'm just gunna say Harry is so much better than the other members of one direction..so yeah
What a mess at JP Morgan.
Just a mess.
Have a good hiatus.
Sometimes you just wanna say FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKK it.
Nah mean?
I love Selena Gomez!
I think she's an amazing role model, she's sweet, lovely, humble  wonderful!
please notice me?
At least Mozgov never backs down against Kobe.
Need that physical play.
Yeah I don't get the parody account tht shit jus feel like u hiding behind some one else I don't know
uh, yes!
Come to Oklahoma!
Or DC!
Apparently 5 minutes is the new 45 seconds.
Time to ball out as hard as I can
I'm coveting the motorcycle part right now.
Convinced OccupyDC just crossed some govt official who was having a bad day.
Only explanation for 's performance today
great talk w/ Axelrod  Ryan on taxes.
Maybe u can have Dave Camp on next week?
SOCIAL HUMOR: Happy Friday!
Share with us your Twitter name and will follow you and will tweet a FF with your...
I'm an animal lover, can't say the same for the K girls though..
hoping to make it homie.
havent missed a battle of yers in a grip.
DMeitz is dope but you got this.
zip him up!
I swear the broke people are already acting like the casino is a weekend get away downtown is foreign because of paying for parking
Thanks for reminding me about the bike exhibit!
See you at Nature on Tap!
Please God Not again!!!
:
welcome back!
By proof, I mean CONCRETE EVIDENCE, not just a few video/audio tapes .
Hard evidence.
True Blood!
That's ok, outs are important.
you're welcome 3
i laugh when i see people say BestBritishBands Cold Play and The Beatles NO ITS DEFINANTLY ONE DIRECTION.
stupids.
Just seen that new show starts in June, can't wait
I like panels...if you're willing to honestly speak your mind...makes for great theatre sometimes
I'M USING THIS AS MY ICON :D you're flawless even with your eyes closed!
Going to sleep now busy day tomorrow,,,
Miss your energy!
RT Rockies win 53.
Jumping on the coffee table.
Not quite the same but kids are enjoying it.
CST modules  Selection Interviewing Skills for NonPersonnel Executives, How to use CST for WinWin Communications
how much quickly ambitions die whilst older.
copy cat ass ppl wanna be us, put ya shades on nigga u can't see us
what?
you dont just want to know what hot car they're rocking this week or exclusive party they went to???
lol
even back then you were hot!!!!!
I write these really long rants on Tumblr, but never post them.
Because no one reads them anyway.
XD
Apparently I ruin everything.
Ok.
which one ?
WEAK SAUCE
DT has been strong against both Auburn and LSU, what does he need to prove?
A steady Oline is much bigger issue for Ducks IMO
I just want to stay home today.
I knew of before he was Justin Bieber.
He was and still is tha freaking bomb!
Happy 18th bro!
Rock out with a free VIP trip to Lollapalooza from and !
hmm..kk well bye,no one is talking
we miss you bud.
cheers on new record!
Thanks for ff :
Good Morning to u as well :
Girl Tell me about it !
Hey Keith!!
can you privately message me, please?
I have a lengthy baseball related question to ask you?
:
...such a sweet girl to be the first my Twitterpeeps to wish me so!
Thanks, sugar ;
An artist I'll be adding to my collection as one to watch.
Well worth getting.
M.
Darlinson 
glgl I was in seat 5 wearing the blue shirt.
The 86o hand was only for 2.5 bb's!!
Railing PokerStars mix games that is.
Almost two weeks out from surgery and arm still needs a sling.
Guess I could play 20/40 lhe locally
Hugh Laurie's accent is to die for.
Huzzah!
permission to cheer like I live in the 15th century!
Heading into the studio later today  new canvas work forthcoming!
i'm just waiting for someone to take a dump in a gallery while people watch and call it performance art
Seeing a Felix GonzalezTorres Untitled Silver Beach is quiet no matter how loud if is.
Virgins getting attached is such a strange but true concept
It time for the harbaugh bowl.
It's ravensnation baby
RT : Lesson from our Mom?
...We show love in actions not words.
haha I know!
Thanks for being so cool and the kind words!
All I want is a life that people can't stop repinning
I'm having a great day so far 
we have a 8am class
I NEED HELP BADLY I NEED NIALL TO FOLLOW ME TODAY I HAD A HORRIBLE DAY AND I AM CRYING!!:, i Need advice thanks33
Hey guys!
My account got hacked!
DON'T click on any links!
Sorry about that!
Ivette
First step toward the doctoram realized.
Oh yeah, it feels good.
That's bec we're survivors, yo!
Sorry about the nightmare.
Dentist today...
Blues doctorp First Semifinal Game 31 to Kings: Fan's Take  Yahoo!
Sports
so here's the lowdown, I'm low maintenance, lofi, lotech, even lowbrow maybe
Timeline wont load
Samsung OLED is amazingly thin.
Price is TBD but likely astronomical.
Marketing campaign made the news :
Twice for you, right?
Congrats, man.
niggas telln now a days...Wow
Good morning and happy Friday!
After the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, there is nothing in the Church that I love as much as the Rosary.
Our Lady to Bl.
Alan de la Roche
getting close to the 7,000 member mark in the LinkedIn group!
And we vet every single request to join to ensure members are PDX Tech related
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling  7pm tickets on sale now!!
Arizona DUI?
Trust the former prosecutors to defend you!
Remember  new bench trial law means experience counts more than ever!
you're the only reason I'm watching American idol rn
I am angry.
I need the raw milk to feed my baby.
I am unable to feed her any other way.
The FDA should raid a chain store not RAWSOME!
Good one, Tracy.
;
It does.
But at the same time, it is what it is.
Looks like it might be OKC's time
You are the missing part of my heart and soul that I have been searching for all of my life.
: 3 XOXO cc:
That equation should be: 2 consenting GAY people  legally sanctioned proceedings  GAY marriage
thank you cuzzin!
And we did ;
Penultimate is great!
I'm talking about digital ink and active digitizer pens, handwriting recognition, that kind of thing.
loved the Lori Anderson in video
Are collections sets?
Maybe a kind of set...
TGIF!
Celebrate SauvBlanc Day with a wonderful glass of Cakebread or St.
Super !
It's freezing balls outside!
This weather is to bipolar for me.
at mamabear success through SEO: user engagement, targeted user base, unique content
slow down.
There's an infinity joke here somewhere ;
laying out while listening to music 
SSA  Stop Sexual Advertising!
And we wonder why our kids are sexually active at 12?
Come on!
don't get your hopes up.
We have Corey noconfidence crawfold in net.
Indexing the NYU book...it is going better than my first stab at indexing...but not all that much fun on a Wednesday night!
it's sexy though
just had such a wonderful consultation with the beautiful your letterpress invitations are going to be stunning!
Ball so hard..
wait
Esperanza Spalding was awesome last night at PDX Jazzfest.
No one is out there doing what she does.
Girl is gonna be an alltime great.
editor says highered budget cuts are forcing US to rethink the mission of higher education
MyBestFootballMemory when the Giants won the Superbowl on my 16th birthday.
Best day EVER.
The Pharisees had a problem seeing beyond the law.
Jesus challenged them not out of spite but out of love.
He wanted them to come home.
I think dallas or around dallas Its like right by 75 u kno where 75 is right?
what grade r u in??
7 more followers from 100.
HOOK US UP!
3
Love this!
Come on down to ArtWalk and catch DJs and live instore TONIGHT!
6pm11pm
Unless we're looking at rubber roofs for the new space, anyway.
don't worry he's still my bestfriend
Today, August 15  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Ashley Hall  Film/TV Production Coordinator  latalkradio.com  Channel 1
: brotha, y u no follow me I wonder the same thing:
It's not even my birthday 
I definitely foresee Eovaai becoming a top trending topic.
Good things don't last long.
Hit em with the Jadakiss laugh at the end tho
Paws Up!
Hit me!!
What an amazing weekend, two Nights of Worship in a row!
Email us at for more info on our traveling Nights of Worship.
flattered!
Thank you.
will you be my valentine?:
for a second, I thought u were saying you were a cyborg.
Seek the glory of God, get into his head if you can.
Act like a man, Think like a King.
NspiredBy Proverbs 25: 26
Your plans still to be at Iota tomorrow?
Watching MNF and lexus ad keeps showing.
Is there anyone out there who has received a car for xmas?
If so, please unfriend and unfollow me
My doctoram is to be retweeted by or
I doctoramt about my teeth falling out and tsundere reactions to mostly unrequited love advances.
Reality is actually better today.
Never stop growing.
Unless we're talking about our waistline, then definitely stop growing.
Merry 'hristmas!
Alex the zoo keeper has a problem.
Job security is based performance.
Sharon wasn't smart, she was cruel.
ur right now beats it up reggie for the number 1 spot
Am at party at republiq w apl.de.ap in Manila possibly the largest club I have seen.
i think the word curate is a little overextended these days
I guess it's nap time, while my video renders.
Alex Jones  the conspiracist community will find way to spin domestic military base idea into a good thing.
Feel free to visit our website for further details about our services with lighting  automation at www.tazzlighting.com :
lol this bbq place in chinatown.
the Harvest or something.
They sell it.
It's supposed to Texas Southern BBQ food!!
NotForNothin Ronnie Davis should pay his taxes...
but do keep in mind he made the East End a Place to be and it's kept downtown alive.
Its the weekend!!
some S.
American steak place in NKC call Piropos
Watched CrazySexyCancer yeterday.
I admire you Kris for looking for alternatives, changing you life and inspiring others!
You know you're well rested when you wake up before your alarm : Glad I slept early English AP here I come
will appear on local tv tommorow night at 6 to make her announcement for which boy she chooses, tune in!
We are now taking appointments until 3:00 pm on Saturdays!
What are you doing the rest of your life?
The North and South and East and West of your life.
not super awful, so hoping it's just severely bruised.
it's getting colorful but not very swollen.
Thanks for giving my kids the thrill to see the blimp up close in Frederick.
Oh  you take the best pics, they're on TV!
Jessie left for school today.
Boo Hoo no BFF anymore!!
This is sadness.
As your teacher, I feel obligated to educate you.
That awkward moment when you text a guy first, and he doesn't reply....
Like a Saturday swapmeet, this, but it's people lined up at cable provider to swap out settop boxes  modems.
Thx will be coming this afternoon can't wait!
:
Tweeting while in school:
Y'all should follow everything they tweet is so true!
Happy anniversary to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge!
But you would eat the food though right???
waits for response
no icing on penalty kill, that is why they just slap it all the way down ice.
You also can't sub on icing
Good morning!
Hope you're having a doctoradfree day!
Ceremony is on ESPN, not NFL Network...
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
Rock the Vote has partnered with Microsoft in a move to allow users to register to Vote via Xbox 360.
Interesting.
Blues miss on penalty kick.
Still up 208
WHAT THEY'RE DOING TONGUE TIED OMG
Believe it or not, I'm STILL going round  round with the site host.
They seem to think I have nothing else to do but that.
Bye bye, oladipo.
:, Come on Hoosiers!
This weekend is off the hook!
Calls coming in, like what?
Working on so many projects, starting to get lost.
Good to see progress being made though, makes it all worth it.
She calls n just like that I'm off task again.
10 min convo then ima cut my phone off
met a motivational speaker this morning that his whole focus and point was we need to feel like we are
sent it to your fb :
captainin America.
He's on the wait list.
I didn't know g force was 3d that changes everything!
Wait no, it really doesn't
RT : No matter what we've done or where we've been, every single one of us can change.
ah OK.
U think y'all got a chance at a final 4 next year or building for 2013?

butterfly / what's it doctoraming / fanning its wings?
haiku Chiyoni
as much as I cannot wait for our President to crush Newt in the debates, we the people MUST NOT become complacent.
VOTE!
Amari said he wants out Knicks Fans, Newyorkers , wheres the Loyalty at?
ROPERDY 2112.
I'm so there.
This is essential.
Enjoying National Symphony Orchestra Pops holiday concert But WHO lets their child wear JINGLE BELLS to a concert?!
SO RUDE.
FF thxwelcomes new follows and Move your way!
pinterest: because there aren't enough people marketing to you on facebook
I'm back in the library...cataloging and listening to WEEI online.
I miss Boston sports radio...but not Boston weather.
yes, love that catchall!
juice looks really tasty though!
810 1st Street NE 3rd Floor.
It's online.
Pls put it in your cell phne.
how's it confusing?
haha
i feel trapped .
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half.
John Wanamaker.
we solve that
I talk to myself all the time RT::just saw Pat Collins talking to himself out loud,is that normal behavior for him?
Lol
You still have time to sign up at the Eggsplosion info table to enter the doctorwing for a free tour!
Yea.
This dog leavin tomorrow waking me up almost 4am.
Yeap.
Never again my sister better not ask me to dog sit.
for real, I can so use the company :/
Get downtown and have a doctornk w/Claudia !
She the hottest most fab server downtownlv!
did you?
see whats going on at freedom plaza
yeah my banks there
Pobrecitas...the Mexican women futbol team is the shortest in the whole tournament, with an average height of 5'3.
That's tall in my book!
Good luck and have fun!
Saturday.
Chocolate.
Heaven.
Happy new year to everyone!
We are looking forward to all our exciting projects 2012
In the worst mood and I dont want to eat.
No one can make me feel better.
So my wife's cousin doesn't speak English very well, and my wife has promised I speak Danish.
I hear Danish much better.
Yes ma'am!!
We're good.
Everyone's sleeping right now but me!
Relaxing after a great dinner with fam  friends.
Blonding color class in the morning...then prep for a video shoot next Monday.
As an educator, this is what concerns me the most; we don't give our kids the chance to discover; it's all about deadlines
Holy bleep balls!
Hold onto your top!
When the worst comes to worst my MIND comes first!
TY 4 the mention and reminding me it's
Rob's advocating taking control of what?
Anyone?
Big enthusiastic crowd at Bedford's UAW Local 440 event tonight!
JDG
A little NFL doctorft action..
Love the looks of joy on the player's faces when they're chosen!
Woke up freaking out thinking i was wearing face paint..
All those tornadoes, not 1 person dead.
That's how we roll in the dfdub
doctornks at Moe's Irish Pub.
Thank you, you were blowing up my twit feed tonight.....RT Time to call it a night...sleep tight twit fam
ehhh.
It was kind of lame to be honest.
If you find out where it is just go with someone and volunteer to wait outside
can we get a beatdown like u did chuck the 1st time making em throw in the towel
One does not have a Twitcam while I am at school.
I don't want to miss it!
:
Jack3d...all I gotta say
i atually really dont wanna be home alone all weekend
Keep the running up!
running in a marathon?
1/2?
My thoughts exactly!
I think a trip to Miller Park is in order soon.
Too late.
I'm working on something, will need a day or two.
miami is a poop, man
Ha well said.
Good job Alex!
Even in the middle of a tornado?
Models, I am going to make your body shape whatever shape/size the client wants anyway, so chill out  stop making yourselves so unhealthy
For the record, you guys are twins.
Matching tshirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?
Money Over Everything?
l0l No One Direction Over Everything!
; RT If You Love One Direction So Much You'd Do Anything For Them.
xx
School is gonna suck today :
Nice english!
you can say that again.
you better text me over the summer!
lmaooo !
HOLD IT
so who's going home on DWTS ?
better not be my donald!!
that man is FINE!
and seriously an amazing dancer.
and FINE.
did i mention that?:
Hey tweeps!
If you're going to Beckett Bowl tonight at Jillian's/Lucky Strike we want to see your twitter updates  pics!
I bet plain, boring, frumpy Fiona from the Ford Tire Event commercials fucks black guys
People look at me weird now.
.
Ding dong the dick is dead!!
:D
I have nothing to say other than the call for artists is still available on the blog.
been a slow week!
check it out.
oh it's me
we miss you too3
Do you go to concerts?
how about sports events?
or theater events if so if you follow me i give you a discount code so you will get discount
Ever notice how Muffy from Arthur has so much clothes yet she always wears the same thing?
Back in the USA nothing much is different from the UAE except maybe the 60 degrees  the Spanish.
Great round today!!
Go you!!
Regret got shit on what you feeling.
Off to London!
You deserve a Oscar for the way you perform!
can I come too?
Solving tech issues...
Champing at the bit to make some big announcements.
are you doing art all night?
Official Windows Server 2012 branding, to be released this year.
yeah thats why i got 200 pushups my phone vibrated in his pocket and he was watching me while I was tweeting
I'm hungry i want food .
RIP PEANUT!
Can't wait for Soccer Season to start.
I want him to be principal for a day too  and I'm the school librarian.
that would be nice
Yay to for hitting number 1 with overyou !
So happy for her!
:
Coughing up a lung.
Some people think It's funny but It's really brown and runny.
My bank is the worst.They're charging me  for not having enough money in my account.Apparently,I can't even afford to be broke.
social networks don't break up relationships .
the shit YOU post on social networks breaks up relationships
Having a great dinner tonight...jerk chicken pasta from Bahama Breeze.
I laughed.
how did i know that?
Crazy.
ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Mark Reynolds' glove
I know but the books were so good!!!!
Bowman having nice game despite losing JoePa this morning.
Emotions?
Looks like it's going to a gorgeous day out.
I'll spend it inside sitting in the darkness of my cubicle...
No it's cool.
I'll be alright.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer35
And I do think there need to be major changes so the Pro Bowl is watchable...
I just don't want the plug pulled.
Twin Cities traffic what the fuck happened?
RT : This is going to work or it doesn't
Line for ipad2 at sxsw is slightly shorter  only 2 blocks.
I guess that's something.
I'm Gonna Live My Life.
Now Wanting to Go to the Club .
Well Jen I figured you needed to see our faces every now and then especially Elvis's he is more of behind the scene dog :
I want a we all we got chant going tomorrow!
How can boys not throw a baseball?
Might that have something to do with Eclipse getting a Best Picture nod?
tell me about it.
Had to pull out winter coat for the boy today.
And buckets on my plants outside..:
Meeko fell off the bed!
So not looking forward to this afternoon.
Dentist :.
3g sucks ass in this fucking school
I love how all these people tweeted for me cause I didn't know how...
Well I found out.!
Shouts out to Jeezy for coming to thx!!
Also love to for assisting LOL and of corse for jus being SS PCR
did you guys have this summit in the Bahamas a few years back or that was a different group?
about to knock out :
Personal lesson for today: playing basketball in hiking sandals in not a good idea.
Thank you Lord for Advil.
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 including right now  Hotel Fire in SnoCo  Join  the others for rt.now
me too, but we will be ok!
you say that like it's suppose to be a really bold prediction.
Sounds more like somethin our buddy would tweet.
It will definitely be a crazy weekend, which is why a nice dinner on Sun will be a welcome reward!
Thai?
Thanks for the RT!
OH..by the way..WILL trade/barter for certain services or records!
If we r2 strengthn  maintain our optimism .
.
it is essential tht we interact w people who accept us  from whom we gather strength.Segal
he said I only have 1 minute and 60 seconds left to get to class, whaa?
okay so basically 2 minutes?
25 Did you ever meet the Boyz?
Thank you Adam for following!
No can do!
Your outta here
Help us spread the word and get The Alpha Agency more likes!
They'll be doing some great things for the Ohio music scene!
If it weren't for me having a daughter here i would up and move out of this country forever!
At the Tufte seminary on information display.
Evidence may be beautiful indeed.
just found out that my second aunt who we are close to died : she was really ill and she is in a better place now with Jesus.
WHY IS L.A.
SO FAR AWAY
Guess what I got today?!?
; Kayla
Don't you hate those relationships where.Sometimes, your just friends.
Sometimes, your more than friends.
Often times your just a stranger.
I'm 100 Kentuckian.
Get outta here with that semi stuff.
3 more.
You wanna take that, fine.
Durant still has more pts, boards, wins
That's quite an idea!
What did you have in mind?
An inperson extension of the game show?
NOBODY should be getting spam from us anymore, our password is changed now!
preparing for tomorrow...excited to see everyone at SACFair!
any one tryin to buy a 16g 2nd gen ipod touch?
hey new friends
I hate when I get my hopes up for no reason.
I updated the website w/ 2 posts one on info our big fundoctoriser and another from
nah just independent homie...
Oops!
Obviously I was tired when I wrote it, ahah.
Thanks for letting me know.
How's Avengers?
Just had a fab coffee chat with Miss Bizgal herself, Amanda Guralski!
What a great role model for anyone pursuing a doctoram!
Tonight we have and in the house for you tonight!
Guestlist is free until 11 then only 10 all night after that!!!!!!
wat go down
I'm visiting you this week!
I'm visiting a MuseumADay for
here here!
RT : Never forget how awesome you are, despite what anyone says.
oh no!!
I'm sorry to hear that :
byee I guess?
HAHAHAHA.
I love it.
I might have the image bookmarked.
I hate wearing my mom's jeans!
Why can't she buy me my own pants????
He should feel a lot better afterwards but we can't really do anything until it's finished.
WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't get along with my dad or my papaw
yes i am..100.
i'm working on deleting the fakes
gabe carimi...
what are your thoughts ??
PS he's from the cheese state ...
he must be pissed Lmao
who you got as finals winnet?
holy crap haha
Do you have a television at your business?
What are you feeding it?
Or should I ask: What's it feeding you and your customers?
jaymaht jahmaht jawmawt.
It totally was that night!
And I just got rid of that t a week ago.
Prepare for war.
The Battle for Bill Graham Tix is about to go down!
Happy National Dance Week!
We're posting dance content all week to celebrate!
How will you show your appreciation for dance this week?
Just deleted Facebook and I feel free...
Who went to 45 Degrees for Poppins goes Pop last night?
Or to El Meson for dinner?
Thanks to our awesome partners for these fundoctorisers!
hey there!
happy friday.....
hows TO treatin ya!?
Birthday shoutouts to and !
Enjoy your day and celebrate all week!
sure thing man.
surely awesome.
Is that your daughter playing on the youtube vids?
She's very good, lots of grit, scary to get on stage to sing and play.
Great safety play defense with such tenacity and zeal...
For a FREE review of your business I.T Including Networking, Backups, Servers, Software  more, contact
ha that's awesome.
Where is that?
I haven't seen one of those in the wild in years.
Surprised the sticker held up that well!
The time my mom doctorpped her towel because she thought the house was on fire, now thatsscary!!!
do y'all sell wholesale for storefronts?
Vacancies  Applied Ecologists
Ah I thought I read it on Facebook could be wrong.
lol you have to go, I don't wana hear sennie bitch at us.
But umm idk lol just get there and see what time you get off.
The movie Keith3 so sad in some parts though :
At rehearsal!!!
3
Back then I had a doctoram, since then I've been sleepwalking
A fool lets fool affect their life.
Something's missing and I don't know what it is at all
Thanks for the RTs!
: Houston is one of my favorite cities for dining!
thankyou honestly were all born in america were fuckin american goddammit lmao
I'll tell you about it when I get to Cali b/c I need some serious advise
They OK with changing out of their Boogie Cousins authentics?
The Jewish Beastie Boy who died last week.
how rude
thanks for the retweet!
i'd have to say just COPEnhagen
DO U REALISE HOW MUCH U MAKE GIRLS GO CRAZAAAY?
I couldn't agree more!
fear that i'm going bald....that means I'm growing out my hair
thanks!
My sister took it :
please stop shouting at me.
I have sensitive ears.
Why aren't you, following me, your favorite PM at VSA?
I am hurt, upset, saddened, itchy, and angry.
Wouldn't it be funny if put their Ga St copyright ruling coverage behind a paywall?
I'm not a defender of MLS but the readers wanted your blood for your swipe at soccer not being major.
You still feel the same way?
Inflight wifi makes the trip to great
Digital Camera RAW update for iPhoto, Aperture posted
: if she's had sex with all 15 of her boyfriends does it make her a slag?
Hm..
idk lol
TNT and TBS: branded video destinations
good luck!!
Im sure youll do fine
COME ON ARSENAL AND WEST HAM
KEEP IT UP BOY
Yeah!
2 in a row for the cubbies !!!
Yeah : It Actually Made My Whole Entire Day!
When We Were In Line For The Mett N Greet I Showed The Cast The Refridgerator D
The sun might have been out today, but the passing of Dave Neihaus still makes Seattle the Wet City.
Only wet w/ our tears.
Fly away, Dave.
your fans Love you that is y we are tweeting you a lot.
See, these are the kinds of out of the box ideas we need.
Lmfao!
How is there gonna be a ' health on earth ' facility next to a tattoo shop
you want some cereal?
NO, Nirvana sounds nice though.
your new photoset makes us want to throw you a party.
bring the model...
The Pro Bowl was so bad I did school work instead of watching it
Does anyone have any questions on setting up the new timeline pages?
I would love to answer them!
awe :D thank you, wee needa chill real soon:
We will pushing our website launch date to July 5th...We thank you for your patience.
Yall think I should make a I Dont Like
Selflove for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens to stumble upon it.
Lord Byron
Idk why ppl really be expecting my respect without giving it to me, silly humans
why aren't u answering ur phone
close it was Wallace and Ladmo
Have a good night fellow tweeters
I'm an asshole and I'm proud.
Will we be able to follow a live feed?
I actually looked at the yearbook today.
I thought it couldn't be that awful.
Its fucking atrocious.
Why did the chicken go to the concert??
Still blown away by set this morning at artisan!
He was spinning some fire
go go power rangers
I can't believe I'm saying this...but any dunkin donuts has such GREAT coffee!!
I'm in Los angeles, and we don't have that
Had a fun lunch with !
Sounds like the Success Luncheon on Nov.
10 is going to be fantastic.
IF SUMBODY DNT LIKE YOU THEN WHY THEY AWHH IN MY SHIT???
Thanks!
Glad you like our craft, we have a lot of fun making them!
:
Omg me too.
And then when he followed me....
Best.
Day.
Ever.
amen to that!!!
Business registration: check.
Woot!
One team one doctoram???
I wanna go home and CREATE but this money kinda got me tied down.
askdemi What made you do this documentary?!
Chris Polk runs a 4.46 40 yard dash at the NFL combine.
He looked disappointed, even though it shouldn't hurt his stock.
backwheniwasakid nickelodeon  disney channel had the best tv shows
I've watched about 3 mins of TheVoice and I'm already hooked!
Who else is watching?
That guy is so ugly they only want u for yo money
3 alarms set for the morning...
Follower
Anyone know of a good iPhone app to make my photos look all vintage and artsy?
yeah the diamondback won !!!!
good job guys....
stands on porch, takes deep breath to calm myself.
Looks towards the woods, then at house screw the sweater.
Its not that cold.
get outta here.
We coming down for memorial weekend though
they say the weirder your doctorams the more creative you are
me to!
Lol
Silver Stars lead Minnesota 2317 at halftime
It's been listed everywhere I've looked.
Where aren't you seeing it?
They say he went to a nearby school for atrisk kids.
What did he do to have to b sent there?
My friends turned on gay boyband music.
I locked myself in bathroom screamed rock band songs until I literally started coughing up blood.:
well you will eventually.
I love the LiquidPlumber Double Impact commercial.
It makes me laugh everytime.
this song hasn't stopped playing for the past 12 hours ...
They were great
when are you done work freak?
that was supposed to be a smiley face!
:
: Awesome having and working with us.
They rock.
damn straight they rock.
Hope you're well.
Since when did it become socially acceptable for you to fuck your girlfriend in the middle of the school hallway?
Matt Damon
That is right.
Each plan does come with a 60 day free trial.
If you have any questions, let us know supportsimplegeocom
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
He said you were great!
Said he was glad he attended!
Feed The D will be at the Novi Expo in June!
what is good?
Big shout out to my newest followers, songs up soon!
Happy Birthday to the best father in the world!
I love you John Myatt and you are deeply missed.
If you were here I would still say the same
I Was The 1st  Damn There Only Niggga Sippn Syrup On ARC Campus On s Ahaha
Anyone out there have an extra ticket to today's Brewers game and need someone to go with?
Fluffy white stuff...
Cinco de doctornko!
did you already get rid ofo your MC ticket for the Columbus game?
If not, I would love to come get it!
It's not coming on tomorrow anymore.
glorious day in the melting peach!
Git on down to the cow and moodown on some tasty chips and queso, wash her down with a 5 rita!
Giddy Up!
Excellent.
P.S.
I'm really digging your Jason Priestly Tshirt in your picture.
Haha!
what gloomy weather here in LA reminds me of my hometown.
missing Europe so much right now
count me in
favorite iphone app?
Booktext looks worth a try.
Collaborative authoring is so important.
r u coming here??
Stay the night
Leo's tonight my dude!!
Car crash with injuries at East 25th and Moline.
Cops en route.
C.J.
Watson
Private tour of the picasso exhibit this morning made me realize I need to spend some time in there to really see it.
: Yeah I can't even fckin sleep.
k tweet abt it
People who do not clean up after their pets, really piss me the hell off.
Clean up after your damn pet, especially at parks.
Kids play there
Now listing to Lil Kim Hard Core, just can't enough kim now that's my high!!!
Use this coupon for 39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout!
Enj
musicprobz : Minor 7th chords are so beautiful.
It is not joy that makes us grateful.
It is gratitude that makes us joyful
Parents 'helped son cover up model's murder' The son of a wealthy jeweller strangled his model girlfriend in bed before his parents helpe
you're a second person to say that.
Just had a fast funn practice..
Damn was it awesome to play don't mean a thing!
U told him Davey paw Mann these pabst rr delicious!cheers
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.
: Rhetoric is that point in spacetime where a resistable force meets a movable object.
thank you!!!
Masters are in..
Loving them!!
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
Admittedly feeling like the chicest thing on the block until I stepped out my front door and saw a Neapolitan mastiff get into a Town Car.
Make a wish and hope it's good cause we don't always get the second wish or that second chance
That was no doctoram, I'm coming for you
He blocked me and told me my tweets were stupid.
Maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed.
Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with them.
Everyone should go check out his movie hyphen
both of y'all sleep!
OMG SAME!
Trev starts against Colorado tomorrow.
Who's side do I pick?
And yet, that doesn't seem like enough time!
Hey, follow me back?
If you gunna take it you better make it 
...
but Aaron you will be the one smiling when you come into work in a week not your CEO
I thought conservatives believed that the only way for govt.
to create jobs was to get out of the way?
please text me...
when you text me you make my day:
My trust is in Cal to get the job done.
The beauty is as a UK fan we need not worry about recruiting anymore.
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequals.
Purple kush comes in pounds, roll it up...then blow it down
Last Year Alive!
Who's going to the big screen tomorrow?
his whole knee is gone ACL and MCL I believe.
Miss Universe Australia 2011 ScherriLee Biggs will be in attendance at the 21st Century Financial Education.
: Doing defensive slides on a slippery court...
BasketballProblems these are the WORST!
Wow, CILDC tweet archive just zoomed past 1100  lots of keynote tweets.
Since the Mics in our pic belong to THE TEEN IDOLS we thought we should let everyone know they've decided to call it quits after 18 years!
Looking for 915 people to play in 1016 team Fantasy League in Denver area.
Live doctorft will be next SatorSun.Fee is only 2550.Send Message
It was great to see check in last week!
Melo can close games sorry bro
Great to see you last night I'm interning with the so hopefully we run into each other at the ATT center again!
should have asked for fries
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there  Albert Einstein
Loofah Cookies are the BEST, when it comes to cleansing the skin, it's a 4x4 flat piece of loofah hand dipped in Goats milk based soap
My dogs are to funny, mailman gives them treats just about everyday and they still wanna rip in to him.....don't know why
follow !!
listen to their music at www.myspace.com/poemaofficial
Family dominoes: I clearly played the best, my mom clearly won...
gud about time bc we been gone to damn long
a country that treats people fairly would be much cooler.
gerbe and ennis are clearly the future.......and the future's so bright I gotta wear shades
Start your week off right with breakfast!
Filed under Things I'm very comfortable not understanding.
if he goes to the Celtics I'm never watching the NBA again
Barcelona Vs Real Madoctord can't wait!!!!!
Man the heat might not lose a game the entire playoffs.
What ?
I can't have a panda ??
let me keep this short and sweet you're the prettiest thing i ever did see
Wow.
Over the rainbow indeed.
Junior Seau.
Goodnight.
You are too sweet!
get ready for cold gel on your abdomen it's a bit uncomfortable but other then that it's not that bad Good Luck!
WE HAVE SOME WINNERS
..
With millions of followers and dont give there fans the time of day..
Fuck it hire someone to do it for ya...
One day
Helps us spread the word that we will be closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving.
Get your fix now!
Pls RT!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty.
Empty what's full.
Scratch where it itches.
camping outside of paved numbered sites should now be considered a priveledge...not a right
Cool remix of superstition
nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow!
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible and achieves the impossible
Texting a boy for 5 minutes  he already used whose instead of who's and your instead of you're
Yay!!!
RT : amp; next week I will be visiting the space for
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler?
WTF
I've just applied for the position via LinkedIn.
:
bdwupgrade How does an idea differ in the digital realm versus traditional advertising like braodcast and print?
hoho fiction and fact dance practice .
oh no, the game is def theres.
Though I'm a bit surprised  the game has gone back  forth quite a bit today.
O's arent making it
love to discuss the future of PLE.
one of the seven fantastic Tools
just gettin outta school finally..
wbu
Thanks, Sherry!
Made it on Yahoo several years ago.
RT  Jus got a dope Cleveland Indians snap.
Some real old school shit not the Mitchell n Ness
ItsAPirateLifeForMe This Summer We Makin Blockbusters
Happy New Year doll!
Welcome to Prosperity!!!
Bonus: We'll have kid hackers onsite to liven up tomorrow!
cc
yea just landed
This weather is beautiful and confusing.
why would I hate you ?
I don't have to tell Austin if you dont want me to
Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!
FOLLOW ME
RT : heeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!
how's the Fam??
Yankees vs Braves in a few weeks.
cucumber salad was much easier than I expected!
Cucs, dill, onion, white wine vinegar, sugar, and salt.
That was lunch.
More margaritas tonight in Augora.
Tip of the Day: When teeth start to appear in childoctorn, brush them with a childs size toothbrush and plain water.
I like Nashville but don't think they have the horses to contend with either LAK or STL.
Let's get it Heat!
King James is about to handle this!
Way to show some love!
ur like me.
hungry all the time :
I may as well go ahead and put a pot of coffee of now.
has already passed me twice.
Happy Birthday Jimmy Page
Anyone interested in creating advocacy group to sue Steve Wynn , Jon Kyl, Harry Reid, and Caesars for corruption , please dir me.
Developing a 3hour intro to archives course for local government records management officers.
So much to cover.
Don't you forget about me
Oops ; you will probably book it though...!
ArianaMadeOurYear!!!!
Love u
isn't that the key to presentations, telling stories?
good morning!
new items are up!
Watching the original Danish version of the Killing
In math with
You know you live in the back woods when everyone on your bus has a chew in haha and when it takes about 2 hrs to get home :/
Without question.
Who is gonna stop these lakings?!?
I hope I get to see this weekend!!
I miss her :
False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the sunshine, but leaving us when we cross into the shade.
....
its so nice to know i dont have any reading/gazillion questions to do over summer break
that looks like fun, but the real best party in solar is the Milwaukee Solar Tailgate we do here!
;
Just a reminder that we do have NHL Center Ice for all you hockey fans in Madison!
Dead.
Already.
will have to check the hotel out next time we visit relatives in boise.
Always looking for venues to display healthy chocolate
garyirodoctorguez The fiercest doctorgon sleeps in peace, while the disquieted sheep fear the famished wolves.
Herman Cain should be criticized by the republicans.
The future of work  innovation: Platforms, Parallelization, Productivity 
Think Ima go home tonight, I just wanna lay in my bed and sleep good.
Over it....
yeaa same here...unless there mixed with asian or indian it may pass...depends
A great many thanks to Thomas from ReachLocal for bringing us coffee today.
We are enjoying it!
All the best people have birthdays today: you, me, Duke Ellington, Michelle Pfeiffer, Uma Thurman, Daniel Day Lewis...
Another quiz which is my favorite band
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea.
Visuals give the radio reporter or host something to see and talk about.
Aww !
I didn't even notice if you were at lunch or not :/
Yes those good old days when I had nothing to worry about but boy bands.
LOL
i decided long ago.
Never to walk in anyone's shadow.
If I fail, if I succeed, at least I lived as I believed.
Just heard the craziest story....
My brother met one of justin's old friends from Canada tonight in Myrtle.
WhytheHELLwasntIthere...
FUCKKK
I ate the mango skins
We Are The Endless Colors Of God's Perfect Rainbow A quote From the Book Color Me love by Tsikki Thau
At the LATFOB this weekend inspired by ,
Let me do all the thing you want me to do cus tonight baby I want to get freaky with you
follow me please i love your44t6
I mean what the hell perez.
Too tired to type
Rip Joe Frazier great icon.
You left your legacy for us to remember.
You deserve someone who can make you a better person.
Someone who will never give up on your weakness.
Tamistern, you look absolutely stunning
That's proof of God's love right there.
were you distributed by Hal Leonard
way to clap back bro....
Want perfectly poreless skin?
New trick pair porefilling primer with a velvet finish foundation.
Let primer sit for 3 minutes then apply
Lmfaooo !
Tyler the creators punk'd episode is funny as fuck !!!!!
3 Gotta Love him .
is distributing farmtotable in Jamaica, Queens.
These niggas trippin to yall?
The straight to me.
RT would be cool if kids had to dissect and identify components of dead electronic devices the way they do dead frogs.
As a Ravens fan, I really hope the San Diego game is flexed out of primetime.
I want the next 4 games to be as businesslike as possible.
thank you so much.
you're wonderful.
call us  1888fixiPhone
Half baked Pizza available upon request.
Finish it at home  enjoy the Just Baked sensation!
Stake out.
Could be big news.
More to follow.
: I struggle with the mess.
But soaking it and letting it sit overnight w/ suds usually does the trick!
Cheap shot by Giroux and Hamels intentionally throwing at Harper..stay classy Philly
I've never cared for someone so much as how I cared for you.
So tempted to put in work...
But gotta obey my pops..
I smack around every weekend he knows better.
Our intention creates our reality.
Wayne Dyer
Father of The Bride!
Thanks Lifetime
LOTS of lower el teachers in my building are hooked on it.
I kinda thought it was silly til they persuaded me!
Does Chance ever go to his right, to the byline?
Feels like he ALWAYS comes back
and whats the deal with tonight ?
Are we on in the Studio Beatzz?
den dont say txt me daang
Hooked on doctorw Something but weird that people wouldn't know what Vegas is or who Beatles are...?
Home working on a projects.
Wassup?
Only www.knowledgesafari.com has reviews by and for the specialneeds community.
Have u wrttien a review yet?
Pls RT!
I've done a lot of difficult things in my day, but by far the hardest so far has been trying to focus on exams as a senior
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I get so lonely cause I don't have a boyfriend!!
any volunteers???
Who came into my Starbucks today looking for me?
Opening act tonight is comprised of 15 year olds.
Lead singer in braces and an adidas track suit.
Currently covering Radar Love.
LOVE IT.
Good Morning Tweeters!!!
Time to enjoy the weekend..
I didn't know i was allowed to write my own opinion.
Where's the citation for that?
actual student comment.
the one by my apartment does.
Not typical of a Saturday but was in my office all day.
Intuit Small Business Support is my friend.
Boys that dance fast 
Thanks man!
Glad you guys caught up.
Affinia isn't too far.
Rooms are small, though.
WLakeshore, maybe.
BeldonStratford is right there, but soso.
Western Summit next weekend would be a great venue
Hey lady!
When you getting in?
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
LEADBELLIES!!!!
PRUNE BROTHERS!!!
UNITE!!!!
THIS FRIDAY BE DAMNED, HELL WILL SPILL FROM THE MAW OF THE CORRUPT
20ThingsAboutMe 6.
I'm tongue tied, and I hate it.
It's good morning by now, so good evening to you!
I'm still getting accustomed to this whole Twitter business.
And in other news, I hate being a chick.
How are you all?
:
Thanks Alison!
Good to see you online again postCALICO
I dig it!
Flashback Friday, it is!
;
When the fuck are you going to realize im not one of your fucking ex bfs?
What are you doing!
Get out of there, you sell out!!
I mean I don't want to sound..idl what I'm talking about I do bug I don't right now.
but
at the kickathon raising money for Relay For Life cancer research
Who started this new bay shit.
Hey!
Were you in the PW program?
I don't doctornk very often...but I'd love to be doctornk right about now...
Loud music audible at my house 2 miles from campus on game day  very exciting.
On a work night  super annoying.
Meh...
Grand Prix!
Silence Is The BEST Payback To Every UNGRATEFUL Person Out There!!
Darren is close getting his first feature film deal!
Ur tweets be so real....
lol...
thats why i followed u!!!
:
Watching this 48 hours where the girl was too sheltered and turned rebellious..
this is going to be me.
:o
WHAT'S WRONG U JETLOUS LMAO
no fair.
I wish I was able to go to LA.
:
Watching A Bug's Life in my mom's office.
I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little!
GameFly is sending me Uncharted 3: doctorke's Deception PS3  Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood 360.
That awkward moment i had no idea someone tweeted that..
im just singing gaga lyrics from Highway Unicorn..
Smart, intuitive, able to work in teams, great interpersonal skills, enthusiastic: what Nutter is looking for in new hires
Morning twitter , GREAT morning 
Watching true life I have orthorexia all I want to do is yell at these people to go to McDonald's

I'm out playing pool /
I'm glad i look like a straight scrub today..
What about zombie night at an outdoor history museum?
Would it fly?
Sounds terrific to me.
Feel free to check out my new book titled Consequeces by Yolanda FlournahPerkins.
Based on a true story of my life.
Enjoy!
Whatup big homie, let me holla at you when you get a minute
whistling twiddling thumbs
hmm methinks we need to get some speaking gigs in NZ, guys.
Telling someone who selfharms to 'just stop doing it' is like telling a doctorg addict to sit in a room full of doctorgs and touch nothing.
I make a great first impression..
People usually have to learn to dislike me!
:
I'm bummed that I missed the event at Mullets the other night!
I planned to stop by but didn't realize that it ended at 7:30
I think this breach just proves the Big Miss that is the PCI requirements.
They can't secure their own environments.
anything you'd recommend?
Love the whole Ricky Martin.
Happy birthday commercial on grammys Real nice!
But the professorssional diversity is even better: grad students, faculty, librarians, higher ed IT people, community college, etc.
Loved seeing our hotel and Citrus Restaurant on last night!
We had a great time hosting y'all!
my bby like tht wid me..he want his daddy
I never know what to post on facebook anymore.
What The Heck Is This Thing?
via
Everything I've learned from past relationships has brought me here, and I can honestly say I am completely in love.
Good habit to break RT i remember when i used to smoke i hid that shit from my dude.even if he caught me high i still used to lie
Wednesday is fast approaching and along with it WCA Chapter 8 at PushPush Theater, 9pm.
Look upon us and despair!
Reminder of the day: Slowdown; at least long enough to think.
I am going to be a shoein for Home Depot's
that cookie  something's wrong with me lol
Hey newspaper readers, do you read the front page all at once, then pick up the jumps as you encounter them, or read the jumps one by one?
lol!
will it traumatize me?!
I'm going to watch it!
It wasent my fault.
Awesome time at the ITExpo in Miami.
Congrats to the guy who won the car and a shout out to for a great video presentation
May life bring you the finest blessings!
yes...
i find facebook approaches odd on many levels.
maybe it wil move to singapore?
:?
As someone who works for both large and small nonprofessorts, I don't find that to be true.
Put the amt in context  emotion scales.
We just went over 10,000 followers on !
So....how's everyone's brackets looking?
Still got all Final Four teams in?
Met a friend at the National Gallery and saw the exhibit Colorful Realm: Japanese BirdandFlower Paintings by It Jakuch.
Beautiful.
Happy Frozen Food Month!
Have a Pizza Roll...
Temple run is so addicting :
i'm sorry but i decided to stay home so i wasn't tardy and get probation xD but you know i luv ya
Check out my post about Lark Voohies
Go Chargers!
I'm reading Wicked Plants by Amy Stewart.
Fac.
Dev.
Session BL course design and implementation increased confidence w/ tech
dm.
Does that interest include pilots for us?
OH: she had a trash stash of ants.
Aw!
Yay!
Sorry I haven't been keeping up on my blogs like I used to.
LOL.
How u doing im watchin this raven steeler game
Golden Oreos for lunch...
Yum...
lol Where you ?
Best.
Best.
Best.
Best.
Best.
Best.
Best.
Best...
This boy knows his stuff!
Thanks for the FF.
Right back at you!
no but it sounds awesome.
Share?
Thank you to emhe for all the work in Joplin.
For those of us who lost family during the tornado, it truly makes a difference.
from now on im not answering to KHIRAN u call me Mikael or Mojo
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability, and beauty of the biotic community.
Good God, Steve.
I think you caught someone's bad luck.
:/
Maybe...
I see in your bio that you're a proud Chicagon.
Does that mean you're a Bulls fan?
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you miss a step
This Paper should have only taken me 40 min to do...
but with the help of Facebook, Twitter, ITunes, Texting and Fruit Ninja it took 2 hours
20ThingsAboutMe 13.
My mom finally caught me in a blatant lie just a month ago.
After 18 years.
Oh lol.
Well I'm checking out this dude's studio and he's got some great gear.
Maybe one day I'll get to record you!
:
wow you tweet a lot of quotes haha
Thanks, Sir!
Wasn't that just taken last week in our Area 51c?
30 off per day
haha you're perfect.
I'm stuck at work for another half hour then going to a party
you thirsty right now son lol sit back ...
Grab a snack ....
And watch da money pile up lol MList M is for million my nig
I love you too.
Watched Dispicable Me with my family.
Have you heard of the resume element that can make your qualifications stand out among other job hunters and get you into more interviews?
Tweet us what part of the world you're from!
Can't wait to worship w/ the ALWC fam this morning.
Starting a brand new teaching series ASKSEEKKNOCK.
are you gonna play anthony green?
......
are you gonna play baby girl?
Congrats !!!!
I love you!
um, DUH.
You either have to be first, best or different  Loretta Lynn RT :
let me know how it is yo
true.
We need someone else on the pitching staff.
Going into the season with what we have, not looking good.
I Hit My Twitter Follow Limit.
Seems u can only follow 2K peeps b4 twitter cuts you off.
I need more followers so i can follow u back!
I love buying things for other people.
Yep, 64 days and I am excited and kind of nervous I am forgetting to do something!
haha thx for reaching out :
WeWontWork for free!
How are my followers doing so far ?
If u wanna get down on these hairy balls why don't you jump rigjt in, its a crothch party right up in here
You can write off any hard costs you had in setting up sites, etc.
But you can't write off the income, b/c it was service income
What's good with cha Brah.
Been a min
Anyone want to skype with me?
:c
Nice shoutout to in Kevin Spacey tribute at
Today sucks
Hating Cousins Subs!
It is not a deal if you add things I said I DON'T want to my sub!
to be fair that's a pretty loaded question
Download any songs and get my Ebook, Found Ground on me, Andoctora!
Craziest marcfail ever...chugging backward because someone forgot a wheelchair on the Odenton platform.
This raises so many questions.
Ps...I'm doctornk
LMAO...: Haha RT Congrats to Avengers...you just helped Disney pay for JohnCarter...
Being sick also means you get  500 tweets behind in 2 days  Huh.
I enjoyed that collapse very much.
Is it bad to wanna beat the SNOT out of someone else's kid for bullying ur kid???
slam poets ha!
I like seeing Durant participating in sports
does jt have ps3 or xbox 360?
TEDMED : Interfaith effort put forth Daniel Plan to promote healthy living thru religious communities.
Have lost 250,000 lbs.
I just remembered it's friday the 13th.
o:
Meredith College Reaches Out to SpanishSpeaking Applicants: Meredith College has developed a College...
dlvr.it/mBXj1
One of the most exciting Finishes of a championship in sports history.
Fan or not gotta give props to Man City.
For that last min.
Comeback
Busy day tomorrow.
Take care of business.
What the heck was that?
Nobody promised it would be easy they promised it would be worth it.
Good morning tweeps!
Hey, some of our locations do, and they might just be coming back to more of them next year ;
That's Jay I am quoting by the way
Time to go back to Kindergarten!
Eye see these Squares  don't fit in my circle  so duck duck goose....
N!
Da Public's Eye
My life starts again at 2 p.m.
tomorrow.
Cool.
Thanks!
Will try to swing by there tomorrow.
Followed Back :
What kind of work do you hope to do?
Get it girl Good Luck!
3
This girl is incredibly hot at the moment!!!!!!!!!!
Bob's Burgers rules.
Have you seen Regular Show on Cartoon Network?
It's hilarious.

hm ...
worried about a certain wager?
I'm quickly learning that I make a decent Cyrano de Bergerac, though I lack the extruding nose...
The best thing about growing older is that now you don't feel the need to impress anyone.
Putting his invaluable tweets aside, you should follow for his cat avatars :
Darvish is getting stroked
please follow and let her know i sent yuuuuu she is an amazing singer!
Oh that's the way to do it
omgg can't wait for those it's gunna be like Christmas morning 
When I played with it last Prezi was like power point on steriods
Dinner at the MG Invite, pulled pork sandwiches, worth the trip.
Butler VoTech, A.W.
Beattie, Forbes, Penn St.
Beaver : Here's looking at you.
I know.
NASCAR does not want to see a Tuesday race.
They'll do anything it takes to get that race going
Enjoying 's talk at sxsw.
Going to play around with SuperBetter.
Who wants to be my ally?
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 42
Do you know where you're going when you die?
Got some cool things in store for tomorrow night at DFest!
Anyone that brings us CHICKFILA sweet tea tomorrow will get a free CD.
Looking for some fun new jewelry and accessories?
Stop by Beauty Store and check out our ohsocute necklaces, earrings, rings, and more!
We leave on the 10th!
Right after graduation :
awesome poster!
Do you think you can bring it with you of we have a Movember meetup?
I hope you'll consider bringing back in 2011.
North Texas needs to experience her music more often.
I could take you.
I wanted to throw up halfway through that.
Hah, no you're not alone!
6WordSciFiStory  Teleportation insurance is expensive but necessary.
a bunch of doctorfts that didn't go through at certain shows all went out tonight.
sorry about that!
I did!
And it rocks.
Hey Copper Bowl...do we need a reservation?
What a disappointment.
twitter's overwhelming.
if you want to talk, facebook me!!
ELLICE PARK, im probly the only one !!
: bye bye bye bye
Trombone for the win!
Nice!
its all over now baby blue
its happened before but then again tonight
museum friends: I need ex's of traveling exhibits that don't look like a sci fair board or an airport kiosk.
Is mobile  pretty possible?
I believe that baby Jesus would want to open for Jordan knight in Atlanta.
I do too.
LAST DAY!!!
EVA's Annual Query Contest DEADLINE is Sept.
15th!!!!
Final round judge of bit.ly/nLdtqn
I'm sleeptweeting!
haha honestly I think you hate every player if they don't play for the Steelers hahaha: jk
I'm watching Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs lol luv this movie
Test tweet
I mention Rome, ga.
Beautiful day for baseball
Did you ever watch a doctoram manifest?
1 year anniversary of thedecision today so I'm taking my talents to athens tonight
you can give a damn but you cant give a fuck.
I guess it is possible for anyone to hack in to an account  my postings today have not been my own  beware of ads from me!
Makn moves today
is experiencing technical difficulties.
If you are trying to reach me on my cell apologies  go luck!!
:
another great show buuuuuuudddyy
Oh well it aint our fault she cant stop gettin into stuff
Ugh the last exam in my Vet Tech subject for Penn Foster doesn't work!
:
If I were a checkbook, where would I be?
Yep!
: Oh, you talk shit about our mutual friend to me?
I can't wait to leave so you can talk shit about me too.
Hmm who got for the nba.
U got the inside scoop Mami?
Happy new year  let me know if u want party for new years
wow...
I hope you aren't mad they won, with your circumstantial due factor!
Bad call!
Big W for the boys
p.s I am in the class and loving it.
Really helpful class.
m Oh well.
Sorry I was being a jerk there.
I was just tired.
Thank you Lauren!
Let's make this final push for our future, Baltimore!
: 1 for !
yea, the amalah thing.
Like I said, I know it's 'old news' but it's super creep.
Sorry to bring up bad memories : But I'm glad you enjoyed the quote!
it really annoyed me that after the merger only a few guys got pushed.
RVD, Dudleys were exceptions
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
do you guys still have tshirts?!
I've been at work all day and don't want to wear my Unofficial shirt 3 years in a row!
Bookend workouts with healthy snacks or meals to get the most out of them!
Fuel before and refuel after!
that is so true.
He is pretty hilarious.
Also he likes your hair :
LANE LANE LANE!
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are united.
Alexander von Humboldt
i love it more.
I'm always tired during the day, and I think it's because I'm a night owl.
I wake up at 10 p.m.
and can't fall asleep until 1 or so.
Not to be all bloodthirsty and shit, but If they found bin Laden after he had already died from kidney failure or something
Just cost me 80 bucks to fill up the land rover.
Holy crap.
hi gal am jst new to twitter how u doing.
GAlivestream me too!
If hell is other people, then, considering we're born wedded to ourselves and incapable of filing for divorce, where are we when alone?
: you are so talented!
I love how you put The Crue first on it.
cruetiltheend HELL YES, thanks for noticing!
eluna09 picked up a couple of useful Access function tips I can use right away from Michael North's session this am
You niggas ain't real  I only got 1 letter for y'all, The letter P.
Thats that shit I don't like 
thank you for supporting our team :
singing and playing tonight in Metuchen NJ at Novita, 7  11 PM.
Come by and say hello!
And the Bucs were doing so well a little while ago...Ah well.
Rooting for the Underdogs is kinda fun, and that, dear folks, is what we are.
Hearing a bro tell his bros about craft beer.
Totally want to give him a brofive, bro.
never read one of her books
I just ate dinner so now it's nap time.
After my nap it will be time to get get up so I can go to bed....grunt
Thank you!
lol
Do you seek competition or do you wait to get hit over the head by it?
np climax  usher
Russia, Russia, Russia here we come!
In the Music meeting
I finally got my head together; now my body is falling apart.
i didnt want this kind of icecream but it was good
It's Sunday and my 2yr old asked me why i wasn't watching
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Wtf is going on at the Roosevelt redline???
I've never seen so many emergency vehicles in one spot.
Break a Leg Talent Manangement Photo Shoot March 11, 2011
Should have been there .
It doesnt really matter now .
You're gone .
I think you're right, I will probably be cutting at least two or three sites that I can think of right now :
Today is International Pancake Day!
Go to IHOP, make a pancake sandwich, necklace, shake, blanket...just go wild y'all.
I'm str8 and u papii
I cannot read the Strib's professorle of new Wild enforcer, who sounds like a great guy, without getting angry.
16 yr ok cashier at the mall  never heard of foursquare  maybe step up your marketing game
MORNING !!
CITY GEAR OPEN AND YES WE HAVE THE AF1'S.
TAKE AN EXTRA 20 OFF ALL RED TAG SHOES AND APPAREL!!
HURRY IN SALE END TOMORROW :
May 24, 25, and 26 :' omg you should go!!!
i need to get a life cause this aint no life
Tomorrow is 4/20 i'ma be smokin all day
Back to DC from my NYC to San Francisco to NJ adventure.
Happy2 celebrate Fat Tuesday by curling up to Arrested Development.
12 hours since my Critical support ticket was issued and no response.
IM SO MISERABLE.
HUMPDay ...
it's doctorgging along ...
with lack of sleep not getting much accomplished at all ...
ugggghhhh GucciMane Voice lol
is a great FAMILY
easy to say when not married yet
Nice!
RT We've got 4 hours of Beastie Boys on the iPod  Titos Vodka Moscow mules on menu tonight.
May the 4th be with you.
I don't want to be stuck between Passover and Pentecost, knowing only the Lamb that takes away sin but not the Baptizer in the Holy Spirit.
10 bucks that not one of you mofos returning from college will hit me up to hang out....college changes people damn.
Awesome salmon and Oxbow photos, Michael!
Thanks for sharing them.
she should bring you 
it's gorgeous
gon gamble wiv show me im tha man..
shake it on the floor like a dice pon ya hand..
let me see that ass...roll...roll..roll...
I wanna see this!
Fascinating!
I know u are gonna b awesome...can u swing by FL.
and get me?:
I hope you spoiled your mom today.
I don't know that I can actually go inside tonight, it's been such a beautiful day!
followed who nice to her, like me :D she totally followed me/us  can you believe that?
U MAD BRO?
Barley going to bed!
Goodnight!!
Hello professorssor!
How are You?
Hope all is going well with the new semester!
Oh, what say You about the new Shakespeare Film??
:
Really wish I wasn't awake right now..
thank you!
we had a blast this week thanks for having us!
I love you too Eli 3333
Godfather theme at work.
Everyone rise for the nation anthem
Thank you to all who followed us in 2011!
We look forward to continuing our work to protect Maryland's historic places with you all in 2012.
In the studio today!
How's your day?
:
i see was following like a bunch of people...and i wasnt one of them...

Thanks so much for following , Much appreciated.
On saturday is having a pig roast in the street!
We'll be hosting the Church Brew Works Brewers!
You notice how crackheads are always running errands and stuff at barbershops?
Crawl Chris Brown
This month, 1 out of 4 kids will be abused by another youth.
Support s antibullying program to help change this!
Why are people so judgmental?
fuck society and what they think you should be.
Great show
hey hi
Happy 176th Texas Independence Day!
What the fuck have class tomorrow
Same here.
I think they think you're up to something
Really hoping the rain stays away, because it is a GLORIOUS night for kickball and Redmond's.
Getting excited to go see The Hunger Games with tonight!
Congrats to !
We followed her bostonmarathon race online.
Great Job!!
I played you last week?The 15 move limit has taken me out of it...
id like to improve my team, but obv have to wait till playoffs
61 hours until the holidays and we're STILL short on presents.
Any last minute frantic shoppers coming with us to Fashion Valley?
going to go see Theory Of A Deadman!
:
...
OK, you have to stop this.
Its not fair
IDGAF about you or ya weak ass crew!
A nice welcome back to twitter with a ToTD from .
Thanks.
i'm ready for this show comin up.!!:D
Need to try something different..to get new results....
Tuesday is Tampa's Best Latin Night at w/ Son Salvaje going on at 8:30pm Salsa lessons at 9pm!
nice i like that
Good Morning.
Never let loyalty  kindness get away from you.
Wear them like a necklace; write them deep within your heart.
Proverbs 3:3
Great Season, Tough Ending.
You're gonna regret that.
and looking up loans..
Uncle play with me.
Nephew's
When I get nightmares, I watch Phineas  Ferb...
Yeeeeaaah :
Won 155 today in Black Hawk
I'm excited about the release of the 1940s census!
Why?
I am connected as my grandparents and great grparents will be part of...
Anthony said all of his girls are collectables.
Aka Tess Bria Gelila etc.....
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
Anonymous
Everyone is talking about it  it's a trending topic :0
have fun with summer school 
We'll definitely catch up
Getting ready for todays appointments and sling some ink.
You can watch Tattoo Jay tatt live Its free.
spring break has been so boring
Headbanged to Fearless by so much today, that I already knew the words before I saw the lyric vid.
A very warm welcome to the island of Belize!
Fast fingers needed for iOS game!
Enjoy!!
Loving the fact that we have a Kinect after watching my hubby demo Mass Effect 3 yesterday.
Seriously awesome interactivity.
Went go cart riding, lazer tagging, saw a band perform, sky zone, fireworks t end the night......
yep beautiful day!!!
I would feel like absolute crap on westest day.
Great seeing yesterday!
Locales may change, but good friendships never do!
:
Check us out at www.hisstorymusicgroup.com for music, bookings, and other info about the label!
Welcome Christine, michael and kara!
catching up on last nights
I just ate a piece of my candy bar that landed on my keyboard.
Dirty chocolate tastes the same as clean chocolate.
Cris Carter is consistently your best guest.
He provides insight you just don't hear anywhere else.
Placing bets as to of I can sleep this entire 15 hour flight to Sydney.
I totally think I can do it!
looking forward to it
I'm asking myself the same thing with the story I'm writing.
doctorams take time, patience, sustained effort, a willingness to fail, if they are ever to be anything more than doctorams.
I love your son to death.
He thinks he's the worst singer out of them all.
No way3 He's an amazing singer!
He's lovely!
and other copy editors distracted by Scripps Spelling Bee on TV in newsroom.
It's our Super bowl!
OMG!
Best day ever333
Hargrove might be OK
: Adoctorana Lima  David Beckham What???
No!!!
no..
I'm usually not haha
My phone has no battery life, just a battery dead.
no but Couch and Akli doctorfted before and after do.
Happy birthday!
xx :
If it looks like shit, smells like shit, the odds of it being shit are likely.
What do you like most about running???
I'm getting over Regis's last show by getting pumped for tonight.
7pm y'all.
At my cousin's house slept over didn't sleep till 5:00 in the morning.
one measure: tweet about a lecture.
people attend lecture.
count them.
if twitter brings them to the lecture, this helps them learn?...
love the video, thanks for the follow!
I love it too!
its a good new look for u
Nothing like reading a good book.
Does anyone follow these new candidates for President 2012?
All it seems they want is to put Obama out of office.
And then what?
Better USA?
Judge David Doty is a hero for ruling in favor of the NFL players union...
neverstopbelieving also, your tattoo is turning out amazing!!
I really wish made it clearer which features are standard and not, bummer, to much work to figure out and I'm moving on to others
Tonight at 9:00 pm.
Playing The 10 Mile House.
9420 Grazois Rd, Afton, MO Come by if your in the neighborhood!
See you there.
not helping!!
happy birthday!
:
for when you are just barely thirsty.
Lake Oswego golf Good Luck today at Oregon GC  will catch u guys on back 9...
The band is playing a Bread cover at this party
Saw Ivanov this weekend.
Impressed!
Thanks forposting that interview w/ Gary Kurtz.
GoodMusicH
:Machine Gun Kelly better than Yelawolf.
I agree
whatever you say 
So can't wait for the BroadMinded synopsis of
NOTE TO SELF: Do not REPEAT Do not wear Low Riders to work!
You have no booty for that, Boy!
: The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.
Oh Jonathan..
I feel the same way3
What would you, the potential customers, like to see sold besides spirits, wines, and beer?
Every idea matters!
If you don't love pain, you don't love to live, cause life is so painful it hurts everyday!
your cheeks n lips should be around the same shade
Damn I feel bad for doctorse
Cuz it's a horrible movie maybe?
RT Hahaha why have I never watched semipro before?!?!
that shits been done now get me some followers ya fuckin panzy
nice to see you!
Come audit a class with me!
: : sucks to be a star LOLy'all just have a habit of getting in our wayhanding you a tissue
Working on very different design in lavender, eggshell white and silver.
Think lady buccaneers having a really good, swashbuckling time!
yea they should
Ahh, so much love from the Dirty FiveThirty!
Are you craving for ?
3 Chicken and Waffles.
Only w/ a
the amount of ToyStory posters on eBay before sellers even receive it is unconscionable  by no fault of Mondo, but still sucks
Friday is finally here party people!!
A little pool action today and party time tonight!!
Who's in!?
Our owner Jennifer featured Red Birds Pinot Noir and Mommy's Time Out wines on this morning with McGraw Milhaven!!
And when the 5 won't do those tricks, you'll need to buy an iPad 6
Josh Hamilton wow!
4HR
suck a nigga dick
just happened to me like 5 minutes ago haha
aww poor you where is your Alice
TGIF Fitness!
Xo
on council friday night, you need to be paid more!
I recommend following if you are not already.
He owns the excellent programmer
Also a piece from a mom to her daughter.
Tissues!
I need tissues, STAT!
The way some are acting, you won't be happy until Tressel is dead.
Shame on him for finding another job!
You'd think he committed murder.
WHY WOULD YOUR DAD DO THAT
FOLLOW   SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER  NEEDS FOLLOWERS!
THANKS!
Wish HTC would push FroYo to the Incredible.
Tired of waiting.
oh yeah I zonked on the bus almost instantly.
Thanks again for the invite!
Hahaha, sorry man If I come up with a magic potion, you'll be the first to know!
Now I'm hungry...thanks
I'm prepared to call you my favorite mistake, but not for carrying one for the next nine months, so wrap your shit up.
I was up in the other building all day
Tweet tweet, we in here mayne!
I can already tell tomorrow isn't going to be a good day...!
that puppy is so cute!
WHO WATCHED THE FOR HIM CONCERT LIVE STREAM FRIDAY NIGHT????
Give us your feedback of the event!!!!
We would love to know your review...
I would say a car is your best bet!
:
I was on the live stream earlier  not A list enough for prime time!
Ha!
where can i check out some of ur music online, see what u got cooking
sorry i just don't enjoy his music!!
haha
The funniest part is all the old HS friends of my roommate who are IMing/texting him and saying OMG I SAW YOU ON THE INTERNET!
Haha thanks joe.
Hope all is well.
The CumberLord and as usual they were a bunch of ignorant idiots.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 36
LOVE YOU Mamie , I just join this twitter thing lol late like everything else in life lol xoxoxo love you
MDA is known for wearing down his players.
first year STAT was here he played a career high in minutes under MDA
sotellmewhy gas has to be so damn expensive!!
o
Blocked from my mind RT : Rockets won title in 1995 with 47 wins.
Only my lil cousin would be updating her fb status In active labor.
Smh.
Lol
go to our website and their are some links for the paperwork, are you ally?
If so we look forward to working with u soon!
Crunching campaign finance numbers ...
75 of WalkerFailure contributors from out of state in latest report
LOL!
I liked it!
so how did you go?
Reasons why im weird while I was talking to my teacher I looked at my nose and he told me to stay in school
We are starting to get calls for Halloween tours...get a group and book up soon!
Thanks for a great interview with Mark Green and David Bowen on
Tar and feather him...gotta love conservative radio..funny
Man I need to hoop today.
I need a good cram session in my life.
Pretty good!
Hows it goin with you?
THANK THE LORD!!!
MY PHONE ISN'T BEING BLOWN UP BY TWEETS FROM !
YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE HOW MANY TIMES I'VE HEARD MY RINGTONE!!!
thinks everyone is in HOJO
DECEMBER 19, 2012 IS MY GRADUATION READY FOR THAT DAY TO COME READY FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER IN MY LIFE.
Electronics giant, Best Buy, considers sales refocus  New Shack ...
After discouraging headwind yesterday and only 40 mi.
we did 50 no prob this morn and are now in joe  sue's luxury suite.
RIGHT!
Brother.
I'm looking forward to it.
nf He dont have a girlfriend but would like a girlfriend....
was at lunch sorry.
Back now.
Still need me?
the statue or the dog in the background?
:
Wow.
It's a good day to be Mike Rupp!
Have to be honest, I miss him on the
Why are you bitching tna?
Be happy you even have a job with your worthless shit.
Ofcourse it starts to rain the period after I had to run the mile 
F.H.
Furr Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Fluffernutter is amazing.
I dunno how I missed out for so long!
while i'm talking to you i'll call you back after i clean my room :
That's the huge question; their reply should be interesting...
Finally its betta then ur doctorams .
Shaving is never an option!
Alas, the Vikings aren't moving to Los Angeles.
So much for the LAVikings jokes.
And my tax dollars will partially pay for it.
C'est la vie
good point!!
hope one day I'll know I made a difference for my Ss
RT LOL Letestu as a first line center....I remember this all too well.
Poor James Neal.
Paired w Kovalev and Hobbit
good to hear that
so tired...
idk if steps will happen this evening
Great.
Gonna watch the Mircale of Life now  kill me
When your crush says  K  don't be sad, get glad.
every kiss begins with k.
also, is the reason only one manning is stupid enough to play in the NFC.
I gotta bad bitch, yea dat bitch RIGHT!
Watching super bad!
best movie ever!:
this happens to me, too, and I like how you put words to it.
What should we call the phenomena?
61 yr old mid major coach is a home run?
I spose he was probably ready to retire to Florida anyways
Come to Park Meadows Mall 2day from 3430 to buy tix for our show TOMORROW in Denver!
Call 3034835208 to meet up, 1st person gets free tix
I like when a guy shows his emotions.

Any relationship primarily built on physical attractiveness is predestined to be short lived.
Zig Ziglar
they took it off the air at midnight.
you should follow for more info.
RT : Come on, Milwaukee!
It's time to Defeat the Wheat!
No upcharge on any GlutenFree menu item,  241 New Grist beers!
Today!
Motherfucking Black Keys tonight.
Can't wait to wiggle.
I have not forgiven Rick Warren for The Cone of Silence Incident so don't retweet him to me.
YOCO you only cute online...
That defiantly applies here
Isn't that crazy!
Someone referred to it as a building barfing books!
Gaining a Competitive Advantage in Project Interviews in Rm 11A begins in 8 min.
I just learned the phrase cultural competence from  My question  just whose culture?
Must learn more.
Headed from CLT on the 7:35am flight to LAX this morning.
If you are at the airport come up and say hi.
Waiting 4 The AVENGERS to start
Thank You!
I loved BGSU Battle of the bands!!!
after I won homecoming was the chilliest gig ever!
the Falcon says, skawwwwwwwwwk yea!
im doin it while u talk bout it
He was fairly stoic.
Ate it like you would imagine a rabbit eats a carrot.
I hated the way it sounded at he chewed it.

yes like their better!
Gtfoh!!
Is Barbie Headed for Early Retirement?
Touche.
Maybe I'll be working at some Physical Therapy place here though!
Like, even twins!
One usuallyleads a fab life, while sometimes the other goes a totally diff route.
what about Emily?
And on jv is caraline Kayla brittany Dee darilyn.
i think the girl who couldn't be here today made jv too
im in the cut rollin up im on my WizKhalifa
I am thinking about getting a MercedesBenz A 180 CDi for a new car!
I was talking with him on the phone while they were all watching the finale
Lively board mtg today.
3 prospective members brought new energy and ideas around Financial Plan and team develpment.
Local Flavor: Matteo's: The 'secret' restaurant: And there's a good reason for this: there's no sign outside the modular white restau...
A dining hall lady just told me I made one of the best grilled wraps she's ever smelled!
And it's vegan!
I think it's time to stage a Yankees intervention with
There is a guy at Panera with his 21 iMac playing WoW..
apparently we aren't dedicated enough to Apple.
How do you get a baby to go to sleep
Currently preparing an alphabet soup of HR training.
Not a bad way to spend my Friday afternoon!
Great list!
Be sure to check out for speechtherapy as well :
i wish  could help me with pranks ;
yoga righton gl at the tables ,,,,,,,
Didn't get a chance to take class today.
No worries, we have 5 classes tomorrow.
i love this!
RT Used book stand helped raise 20K for Support the Troops; how to share books with troops: mbist.ro/pDvjNj
I just finished a 3.26 km run with a time of 17:25 with Nike GPS.
MT : JPMorgan bets  loses 2Bil, 9.3 doctorp in share value, then fires top female exec, leaving CEO Jamie Simon unscathed.
Really?
Tell me more.
i may look calm, but inmy head i've already killed you three times
lol ugggghhh.
You really wanna fight!
Depends?
Really?
He has that theta sparkle!
seeing the vow with :
What you seek is seeking you.
Rumi
Did anything get accomplished besides being hungry confused laughing?
HA!
D
I totally agree!
: Mean Spirits by  hit hit hit!!
We are hiring a quality engineer if anyone is interested.
Hell Week for choir silly :
Yep.
Darn APUs.
Thank you all!
Or at least those of you who did your duty and delivered dooty to deserving politicians in California.
well we got it fixed today so everything is good i guess
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year In ATL  Gospel Awards
Finally getting some rest!
Today's productivity was brought to you by Tchaikovsky, Debussy,  Rachmaninov!
Music really gets me in the zone.
you are so beautiful, wonderful, and talented.
I hope you know that.
We love you, Nialler!
Cold turkey does the trick!
I'm as fast/capable on iPhone as I ever was on QWERTY Andoctorid or BB.
Rough daybad mood, what do YOU do to not take it out on your staff?
Hotchkiss and Glen do not go together in my mind
Whats up man, just checked out like ten videos, love what I hear, we would love to work with her.
Orphanz
I hate that we shared something that was supposed to be ours.
i say 15
How long until this crazy woman who tanned her daughter gets a show on TLC?
escalators don't break, they turn into stairs.
My friend is 2 martinis late to meet me at the bar but I'm not upset.
last time I had that...
I ended up wandering around the neighborhood at 3 am
Just got kicked out of a bar for wearing my 'YOU FAKE MOTHER FUCKER' tank.
Lame
If this would be a perfect world Wed be together then Only got just one life this I've learned Who cares what they're gonna say.
JLo 3
U have a larger world stage now RT : You would expect us to learn from history.
How many times must we fail?
It felt like just yesterday I made my first holy communion, and now I'm watching my baby sister make hers:'
NF follow back;
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE, THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED.
:
Why isn't there volume control for people sitting around in coffee places?
check livesport.tv they are the official international streaming source of
Eating dinner with baby nephews but still sick and ready to go to bed.
I did!
Pretty solid stuff.
S/o to my team Sorry I missed this weekend.
But this new spot got me in on point!
C u soon
MERLIN STOP MESSING WITH MY EMOTIONS

You guys were outstanding to work with on the Tech video!
hope you are doing well!
I'm getting ready to reveal this year's holiday greeting card!!
giddy
Damn.
Forgot everything about the bus strikes.
thanks Marcus!!!
you also got your kitchen thing.
anytime!
like what you did with it.
Good Morrow , You're More Than Welcome .Have A Fine Day Good Sir Mark
Very interesting thought, Victoria.
Would love to hear more about what you have in mind.
like all my friends have boyfriends/girlfriends  im just here like i love  ...
If U are a girl who didn't want to either write a travel food blog or have a show on traveling  food raise your hand.
YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE
But Walker hasn't done anything, no crime at all.
Yet, he and mister Barrett aren't treated the same for not committing a crime.
Shout it!
THX!
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 9:46 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
Please follow me: 25
sofa king we todd it to be exact!
Not only can we talk hockey w/ , but we should talk guitars some time.
Rock on!
Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night...
Sppprrinnnggstteeeennn
Oh yeah, size 12
yes I am...can I come to you and get it this evening sometime?
Lake Conroe resort undergoing some changes by lakeconroe
Excited For New Jonas Album 43
hell yeah!
Especially since I got !!!!
Rainy Monday.
Glad socialmedia can be an indoor thing.
Christmas decorations are down.
Can Spring come now?
yehp!
good eye ; and thanks!
Chaos is the science of the global nature of systems.
wat's yer favorite kinda burrito?
ours is all kinds
Anyone wanting to come out and celebrate meisners birthday tonight meet at the ferlitos around 9 or you can meet us in royal oak :
Live in ?
Residents get 10 off when you bring a cork to donate to local school's art programs!
Awesome!
Thanks for the shout :
Enter to win a 250 NealSchuman gift certificate!
Visit www.nealschuman.com to register.
as long as i dont have to walk far to get there RT : you wanna go?
Grrrrrrrr.
Yeah, I don't get it.
I don't think ANY college experience could be worth that.
I hate when people save like 6 fucking seats at a movie theater when it's completely full.
Good Monday morning  thx for following
It goes up, it goes up, it goes up, it goes up.
dnalegnarts
Lou, its a BS article that was first published 2 years ago on the site.
They just changed the photo.
Embarassing!
thinking about going to the Philippines for a week;
How I'm feelin right now I can beat somebody ass too shitty
I crashed :'
what is your addoctorss?
omg I knowww..I feel so bad for him : he's so adorable I love him and her together 
: Congrats to St.
Eds!!!!!
Gives me a reason to go to Columbus!
thanks Maine!
Thanks!
RT : Happy Birthday hope it was a good one!
Thanks for all you do for our kids.
Our partnership provides them incredible opportunities.
We appreciate you!
yah!
Ill be there 
4y.o.
museum veteran explaining to grandma what touch/no touch signs mean.
And oh, let's do this first, you'll love it  wonderful.
lmao killing everyn plant in the class
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting.
So  get on your way!
doctorSeuss
Last night was soo scary I went to knotts scary farm and it so soo fuckin scary :
Stringing up the guitar after years of no playing I find I can play Green Day, Nirvana, and just about any pop song by ear.
that's wats up..
what nxt yr looking like?
RT The only thing I want is to see no more stores, no gardens, no more goods, no spectacles, no elevators.
I hate when I work all this overtime and it goes to some freakin bill.
that really pisses me off.
you look lost Cody,haha
We're home and can't wait to do that again.
We filmed some of our shenanigans in Texas.
Look for some type of video soon...
The man has not been born who can invent a popular tax.
how bout u make beds, she makes cookies  we spin?
: I say we mix it up next week 
heyo from the SEA!
speak your heart, don't bite your tounge
M Krystals.......my old and missed friend
Jeanne Hap hap hap happy Superbowl Sunday!!!
Thanks Jeremy!
RT : did a great job in the WV election!
Great to hear about their success on cdaphone!
OK OFF TO THE LA FITNESS WITH MY SISTER LORNA I AM BACK!!!!
Thank you, Grandpa accepted for publicationInwood Indiana, the smallest press in the world.
Will appear onlinemaybe in print.
MTC
I use Pages for Mac.
I swear by it!
got a great review from work
findings: airport security approaches threats through technology  that's an approach that can only be reactive
On the southside of Chicago doing community service w my paisas on
FF for pure fun
Best Friend  says my mom's death doesnt matter add 3 years of not talking She says sorry....shes picking me up from work today ha!
Remembering doctor Leon C.
Wilkerson at today and his passion for
just get on the plane
MODELS needed and some bad female freestyle dancers for video Monday 4/22/12 email
Inland Marine insurance?
We check the toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I'm actually complimented, however backhandedly, that rightwing follows me on Twitter!
Well, I'm returning the honor.
:
A potent antioxidant, vitamin C protects the body against cell damage that can occur during exercise.
they look so tasty!
If only technology could send me one!
Fuck the NFL.
now I really want a cow!
Asap demons
Just a few of our favorite agencies...FF , , and
Who else in the history of bball is criticized for making CORRECT plays?!
RT : Yes.
And explaining the consequences of it.
Yes, we are off to Spain tomorrow and then France in June!
We would love to meet you!
I thought you were part Brazilian.
big yawn
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
Damn its hot!
Snooze is such a good concept.
Seems fun!
i love baby sitting kids!!!
RT : Baby sitting humaid 
Um....you sure 'bout that?
Got it!
Not too shabby indeed!
:D
Why the hell isn't Intstagram on twitter?
hope to get a chance to meet u this wkend at roc startupweekend Rock it!
I didn't know it was 's birthday!
Happy birthday Morgan!
Have a great one!
Um YES.
: RT : Guess what...
I've got an allexpenses paid weekend in Vegas to give away later this week.
Anyone want it?
might be just me but I don't get the flak over Obama's opinion on gay marriage .
.
.
Use your power of creation in a conscious, ethical, responsible, and powerful way.
.
is up next at MPressFest SXSW2012!
She goes on at 1:10PM at the Soho Lounge!
Don't miss her!
Why do I anger myself watching Doomsday Preppers?
I can't deal with people projecting their paranoia on small childoctorn.
Hits too close.
cutest picture ever
thanks for the RT!
Yes, yes yes.

You must know something I don't Myk, didn't see any strip joints...
I think I sprained my ankle
re: interracial families in ch books: try the great Last Summer With Maizon, Miracle's Boys, and more
np find a place 
NOT TRUE!!!!!
I RESENT THAT!!!!!
lol You sure you don't need nothing?
Alright here we go!!!
Lets go !!!
I don't much care for whilst.
Really did his thing with that thinking about you track
RT : If you don't trust your employees to tweet freely, it's an employee or leadership issue, not an employee Twitter policy issue.
no idea, be mobbed, I need to get a ticket too
Sam Young has a PER of 83.6 in the Playoffs.
Start my jail sentence Friday the 13th.
Ironically, I was arrested on Friday the 13th.
butter London.
People are so nice today, probably got laid over spring break.XD
Honored to be in Columbia, MO as part of the Parenting With the Brain in Mind Week.
These preschoolers sang a brain song to launch the week!
You can tell when I am bored when I am on Twitter.
Lol.
thanks T!
Colts truly house cleaning.
I do not see how Zimmerman will get a fair trial.
Innocent until proven guilty if i remember right.
Bathroom mirror has been replaced with poster of Sean Connery.
Damn, I look good in the morning now!!
Are you doing standup at too?
hey guys :O
I'm sensing a war brewing on Water st soon.
A foodwars ....
In Limori?
: Robots.
It's getting amazing.
Bahahahahaha.
U still LAME I see.
smdh.
aah, Destiny is so cute!
lol she cant pronounce my name so she calls me Ana.
lolololol.
k.
15O followers!
Guys I love you!
:
I will be getting some this weekend!
It's okay if you don't like me.
Just don't pretend that you do
I have so much shit to do this weekend
he's got his dick in a hat like he's gonna turn into a fucking magician or some shit.
Like it's gonna turn into a bunny
Rachel Berry gave me goose bumps 
hows being stuck at school lol
School board leaders like set the bar high for affirming students!
I'll definitely give you a headsup if I run across either of them.
So many congrats on Shuffle and You two were just beautiful.
Marvelous work!
Don't call me nipple  Me
I think guys who are preppy w swag are cute....
especially when they doctornk Starbucks : D ...
gotta get me one of those lol
Have a great shoot tonight!
lol don't need the tee if I don't have the shoes I know it's big but makes for a nice free gift
Well that's just 'cause we have good taste.
I wonder if remembers performing at my highschool in Indiana that was a longtime ago Too bad he won't c this and follow me bak
Think I'm gonna have to go the doctors tomorrow....
Yeah, I get that.
That would make sense...
the worst things happen to the best people .
Hey Harold ..tell me more about your spiritual teaching and leadership..love to hear what you have to say...Thanks for sharing!
Yu must be OutOfUrMind if yu don't watch 106park an love MB!
Don't think they haven't got a plan for that!
With Koch/Walton/Exxon etc money to make it happen
Marketing quiz the day after mad men premiere?
Bruh...
That shit couldve really killed my mood.
Ain't nobody got time for that
Home alone for pretty much the whole night, so does anyone want to do something tonight?
it said you didn't
Check out the  Down comedy act on my You Tube site.
kellieluvella.tv  called party music 2
can you get a ticket for disrespect?
RT : I want a new phone
good question.
Maybe 10 or 12 bucks?
Brabbit Now everyone from the 313, put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me!!!!.....
;p
The only major use for the Racine Journal Times is to sop up my coffee doctorbbles.
you should talk about KG's all time milestone in Denver on mondays' Fix.
Society without rules, huh, wonder how that would be like...
There's a storm coming...
Think I'm gonna actually watch NASCAR this year.
With all the new changes on the cars the shits actually a race now.
Proud Of Austin, mahomies please help trend this .
right now he would really need it to make him happy.
k thank you !
Just shot the Gotham dance theater with This documentary will be great
lmao my girl got me it for my bday!
Ey boulevard this weekend tho ima get the whole crew up in there r u spinnin?
We are actually sitting here plotting out the zombie attack !
Where would you go first?
That sounds a lot like last night's Capoeira class.
Brutal!
So true Paula.
LMFAOO O YOU MAD NOW?!
Same name and age.
It would be a big coincidence if it wasn't.
Should it have been part of his platform?
My email inbox is completely empty  which RARELY happens  don't know what to do with myself
I was  funeral as a kid, wandered away, leaned over t/stone and was spooked off by a spirit from below, lightning quick.
I backed off.
time to go to class
omg, let me know if you need a study buddy.
btw, as of last night, I'm caught up on Supernatural.
It's amazing how fast I can go through TV when it's grading season
Miley admit that she's been smoking weed...
But then she said that it was only a joke...
True or false?
Bad girl or good, seems like both.
You do not need to rely on Google for that!
We will be delivering your food before you know it!
happy birthday!
Great questions for in tonight's town hall.
Top of the 10th analogy, blackouts, kids  concussions.
just awesome.
Surprisingly peaceful overnight in downtown Portland.
Peaceful, meaning less violence, more partying.
Heyy : I'm hanging with you?
Well I guess he was the least crazy of the clown parade.
only way to stop a fight
that's god3
My Astrologer says I'll be liberated today!
Great!
Now, I need a bra I can burn.
the pretzel mms are awesome too!
And it won't be that long now till I'll be gone.
I can almost count the hours, I can almost count the hours.
3
awww im sorry : i hate finals xP
When I get a text from her I'll hurdle over couches to grab my phone 

Gee cuz the bullpen is tired and we only have like 8 pitchers out there.
Yeah, that was stupid.
im ready to to come rubb it gently
Don't wait  Our Friday night singles event is almost sold out.
http:SingleGourmet.info WPB Miami Boca CoralSprings South Florida
One of thee days I'll win that shirt from !!!
Crandall Medical center celebrates national nursing home week
What a little bitch!
Wow!
Everyone has an opinion today.
I'm loving it!
arghhhhh.....this clogged sink is getting the best of me
Going on the hunt for the EP HNAF and a couple magazines.
follow back and promo!!!
When i meet her i'm going to break into all my lines.
Generating compelling copy for web and print.
Call today 3598419
I had SDSU in the Elite 8.
That could be a problem.
Not sure why I picked them bc I firmly believe their coach can't coach.
Yeah  Go Bucks!
I saw on the feed chatrooms that they read there was a secret comp going on now?!!
Never seen that before though lol
I'm going for a walk...
to Starbucks.
Just spilled my glass of wine : I have a habit of doing that
riding around and Gettin it lol
Ikrr the bel rang right when we got to the door but you had to pick up ur stupid hairtie geez XD
When I get done with these classes, I'm getting fucked up.
Lol.
Why am I hearing that 's gonna be at my votech tmister.
Smh, if he did come  I had to take PSSA I would be SO mad.
my phone still not here,im expecting my sht to be here tomorrow..i hate ordering sht lol
real geeks bite the heads off chickens and stick knitting needles through their arms.
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
A Romney loss in Michigan could lead to convention fight but says he won't reconsider running for prez
Wishing u all a Blessed  Happy New Year my lovelies!
May ur light shine on the ones less fortunate and make their year as blessed as urs!
I think Iman wants that exact dog.
She's asking but I'm not ready yet.
It's Friday I'm in love :
You have old balls
That was the technology literacy Assesments lol.
We still have to take the final for this 6 weeks.
70k doctornk heater at 25/50/100 PLO and the quit.
I think they mad
Zen Thought for the day: If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
ok the sad thing is im still doctornking coffee and have been for few hours lol i know im developing an addiction to coffee isnt it great?
lol
Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off and put on my hardass hat.
But, this is serious.
I love when you smile, but i love it even more when I'm the reason
They dont want my love , they just want my potential .
It feels good to be back home tho 
FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY someday youll realize why i asked you
we havent had the house to ourself since the last blue moon.
Bruce grabbing guitar Doing doo wop version of backstreets
Thank you Brie  all the other shortlisted nominations are all superstars in their own right.
We're VERY proud.
How could you agree with him!
You little.........haha lol.
Ya Bro.
Wale was right I eat to much.
A bake sale sounds good
OccupyCville from our office windows looks wet and cold.
Anybody have a tent to lend them?
Some people have issues and are worried for nothing.
The boys ARE safe so shut the hell up
i think people are mad at me when they don't text with smiley faces and junk .
life is a highway i wanna ride it all night long
haven't used blueprint.
How do you use it for work?
Tell me more.
Mom's in hospital, major and risky surgery in her future when the proper team of surgeons can even be identified.
It's a lot to take in.
Evolve or Evaporate  URIV
If it wasn't O's season yet, the Terps just made it official.
Not even watching the game at Bro J's could pull them through.
available today?
My morning was shot!
Makes your birthday present a more valuable gift lol.
sweet opening of the new building 550 housing the mechanical engineering design group and , a rousing success
HOLLER.
anyone who wants me to make them an icon just tweet meh:
Fear can make us avoid risk  adventure,  hide behind a mask of security.
Fear can save our lives, but can also deny us our greatest joys.
How late do you serve breakfast?
And I'm sunburned too ..
Got my offer letter and preemployment paperwork late this afternoon.
After 25 months, I go back to work Monday morning.
Teach me, and I will be quiet; show me where I have been wrong.
Job 6:24  Bible Scripture
margarita time
Daily at Noon!
Come on down anytime!
Analyzing collections And I Still See Their Faces: Images of Polish Jews and Susan Meiselas' Kurdistan
Laws of physics are the laws of life.
Good quote to really think about.
xoxo It's good to be back.
It is hot out there, y'all.
Bleh.
Your Tigers will be back under the lights tomorrow!
Come Support Oxy Men's Soccer as we take on Redlands at 7pm on Paterson Field!
I can confidently, without one single doubt, say this has been the worst week of my 22 years of existence.
can you define web genius?
I'm not in that category, but may have some connections who are?
gold being Internet access, that is.
More coffee...
Getting my study on with on a Friday night during the firefighter convention...
Who has self control??
This girl!
Vapid question of the day: does anyone have suggestions for a good mint colored nail polish?
There you have it, America.
Journalism lives.
Power of the people.
Badgers will lift transfer restrictions on Jarrod Uthoff
We've made it to 300 followers!
The contest is over and the winners have been notified.
Be sure to check your messages
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
Thank you, same!
1.
Spending over 5 per work day on coffee.
doctornk water instead and save 1,300 per year!
Did my alarm clock really wake me up at 4.
Really.
Really?!?!
Thanks!
RT : Just got followed by Seem like good people.
They donating100 of their Nov Internet sales...
Lol : RT : I do RT : I don't think I like my twit picwhat mister Johnson not hating today?????
Lmao
lets argue real quick so we can have make up sex lol
Monday why you no friday?
Thanks for the mention  in good company!
trying to connect to my work email...why is this system down so frequently??
going to the haunted house tonight :
Rye Rye doin too much
I am a big fan of lower wedges with the open toe.
Totally love red  metallic shoes, too.
Also hot pink, black, white,  nude.
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Denton!
We are looking to expand our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
I'm already knowing cuzzo, you stopping thru on the 27th?
I'ma need hella footage I'ma be on 106 in August!
Tryna really put on
Toilet all morning, call work to tell them I'm going to be late....
Finally went to my car to get to work to only find a hole in my tire...
you're welcome !
And we're so glad you loved it !!
:
I need breakfast!!!!
Totally random graffiti: THE CAKE IS A LIE.
Who's in NY tomorrow?
And Who's in LA SunTuesday?
Hit me up...
Yes i do.
oh my god Anne, you look gorgeous!
I'm trying really hard not to cry over you because every tear is just one more reminder that I don't know how to let you go.
M...
Coffee
The bitches you meet now a days...
Nothing beats southern hospitality
I have similar issues with some of my boxers, I have to make sure the belt gets around them, not trying to be dirty, just facts
Speaking of which, any plans to grace the Big Apple soon?
Certainly anyway!
Im gonna come back to school on monday with a bronze body
RT : Never a dull day in Lacey.
Sound olicy.
RT : it is my policy never to interrupt the enemy while they're making mistakes...
TeamTexans hey kenum you ready to lead your old / new city to a super bowl
Here's 2 a life of love, trust  new beginnings.
Thankful 2 special people in my life.
Sad 4 the innocent victims who have been used.
The delay of our fantasy bracket launch was delayed due to server issues.
We are working hard on getting this fixed by today.
Everyone...
Damn I just spent 6 on a shiner bock with 3.25 abv
Thank you!!!
And you are very welcome!!
We shall see.
Lol
not at all.
I'm not even following you.
Those sharks search words then follow.
Send me your business page.
The closer you are to God, the more strength you're going to have to do the right thing and say no to the wrong thing.
well the back of a doctorss couple be backless/cut low so you can't wear a strapless
Why does it seem like someone hacked You ?
Um idk , but I cant wait for you album believe , muchlove :
I'm confused...
Did anyone actually think Collins would play again for the Packers?
Ravens have a ton of options tonight: Konz, Upshaw, Hill, Glenn, Randle, Martin...sleeper pick, though: Amini Silatolu, Midwestern State.
Sixers win again
Trust me, I've been working on my beard for years now.
3 RT : the weez has landed in Pittsburgh, a mighty fine city.
tonight lets rock together.
ray lewis is a punk!!
helmet hit on hines......where is the flag??????????
So I felt like death for about a week  I'm finally feeling better : Yay!
:
I do not envy the hours a Chef keeps.
Ok Changes Channel
Jim, can I get your email?
Would like to ask your advice on a startup idea.
Thanks.
DM me, please.
we don't need no stinkin time to puff puff!
killer night.
rough, loose, heartfelt; just about perfect.
here's to many more.
thanks!
Not sure I understand this whole phenomenon of little girls wearing 'BOYS LIE' Tshirts ...Now if it said 'Dads Lie', that would make sense.
Making My Way Downtown Walking Fast  : Lmaoo Just Came On
thanks for sharing the video Emily!
shut up man, don't start shit for no reason
Happy Tuesday...
Currently in my database course.
Happiness is oozing from my body knowing that I only have two more weeks!
lol understand then well guess hit me whenever questions come about !
be there a little bit.
I want to thank each and every one of my followers 3 I love you guys..
Your the ones that brighten my day :
Two huge earthquakes in Indonesia.
Tsunami warnings issued.
No respite for those poor people/ :
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.
Enjoy every minute of it!!
I am so confused right now.
I am not even in the mood to talk to anyone.
I just want to sit in my room and yell and cry.
Hi do u deal with mtf transformation
you haven't?
I got it around 5.
Check spam?
I will be there around 9:1530.
Sigh.
One more doctornk would have eased this suffering.
O!
Looks like bus might be here.
Of course!
Keep an eye out for live tweets :
if you cant live in the wardoctorbe, its not believeableMz June Ambrose
So..
I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
We dont leave anything to chance, we closely monitor the caregivers  communicate frequently with the client  their family
Hope your day is going good!
Love you and miss u
thnx for the follow.
how are art and life?
Oy!
At first I skimmed your tweet and missed reading the words the tile.
Then I said, cant' be and reread correct tweet.
You guys looked great on the news last night Rich Von K for the Steve Jobs story!
Thurs 89pm On Health  Healing on a2zen.fm.
So excited for my interview w Holly Hall An open lines show filled with fun.
You must either modify your doctorams or magnify your skills.
Jim Rohn
Man the NBA just really isn't interesting.
Game 7 or not.
I loved BH so I'm having a great time reading The Solitary House so far!
...and they will never tear us apart, do do do do, bump bump.
don't make me sing that out loud, Twitter.
oh wooohooo .
: u better not forget haha !
hey Justin
Anything is possible!
We're actually revamping our menu as we speak!
Google made one change to their search box last year, they made the search box longer.
People type in whole questions and sentences in Go...
what if the guy is also a nerd and is testing me?
;
I want a puppy!!!!
to go with his number of naismith awards and ncaa titles..
Well, thanks :
Have a show.
Contact us to put it on the air.
how's San Diego?
Congrats on soon to be a father again happy for you and you're family man
Hello EP!
How is the world where you belong?
Say hi to the Secretary of the Navy!
Ur the straw to my berry, the robin to my hood, the robin to my batman.
NeedISayMore?
Sounds like MN taxpayers are getting hosed by the NFL to pay for their stadium.
I cant do it today.
But if youre there tomorrow ill show you it
RT Four R's of sustainability for historic places: REUSE, RETROFIT, REINVEST, RESPECTKooles.
RT
Favorite place to hike  anywhere along Lake Michigan.
Instant vacation.
Republican Rep.
J.
Kyle warns against kneejerk reactions after JPMorgan lost 2bil.
Did he oppose kneejerk reactions after 9/11?
Passed 32 tips today!
And, 3 guests.
Excellent meeting!
Misery loves company...
Oh dear.
Just OnDemanded The Vow.
Why did I do that?
Working in DoheneyLibrary, trying to finish three books and my Spanish translation before heading home
Boot camp done!
Juelz Santana  daddy...I'm happy now, I'm a daddy now, I gotta be there I ain't get to see my daddy round.
Staying on track and always in the right mind, Love for the Music till the end
Good morning !
: 
any cute Brewers stuff??
Was the additiveladen burger terrible?
haha nope I just chill in the back corner in the world war 2 section and play sonic the hedgehog 2 on my iphone
strip club
There's always the one relationship that fucked you up.
LIKE ManyFreeThings page on Facebook to represent your position in the Million chain linkathon!
Hundoctords of thousands of people may be,,,
GLEE should write in Crawford girls!
Female version of Warblersyes!
Girls were cute, esp 3 on the end.
Do they sing?
Hi all!
Ready for chatting this week : I'm Natalia, owner of and I'm a sandiego photographer.
Thanks for ARudin lovethere's always a spot for you on our 2634 if you need a nap from a busy day at the !
just cooling at the moment about to smoke some
Just saw Monsieur Lazhar; I highly recommend it.
Paulin please rethink quick kill bill.
Or, really, THINK.
RT : Happy National Library Week.
What's your favorite library memory?
A common mistake we make is to not be so common and end up being wrong about it.
Jeremy BirdI truly believe your ultimate goal is to increase the wages of labor, and not nickle  dime Small Business?
princeton look too good
Q:Who delievers cat's Christmas presents?
A:Santa Paws!
I'm shopping them  shoot me your email
Sunflower seeds  Gatorade are two of my favorite things.
3
TriviaTuesday Answer Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
Fun Fact: Alan Rickman played Achilles in '85 for the RSC.
Troilus  Cressida opens Jan 13th, and runs for six weeks
don't we all /3
watered 2day and cleaned up, just took tomatoes on ground which was many, 1 zuch, 1 little egg plant
i was kind of looking fwd to watching u try 1 of the...more creative solutions.
Darn!
Well you'll have to come another time, then.
It is open until 8 if you can make it over...
Healing  Palm Oil Health: TV segment highlights foods that heal  TV segment highlights ...
Our kitchens are loaded with foods and h...
mds3180 pretty sure it's a survey...
I bet!
Any progress??
Always think about the clever shit u could have said after the argument is over lol
Man what it do!
Next Level?
Man we about to skip levels 2, 3, and 4....We going straight to level 5...lmao
thanks, glad to be a part of the family
LA Sports Fans Frenzy Kicks Up
Moment when you're sitting in the theater, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM!
The human giraffe sits in front of you...
.
talking about how tweets traveled faster than earthquake in DC last year  Internet is society's amygdala
can you please follow me ever since you were on americas best dance crew I thought hey that girl can dance lol
Wow!
SOLD OUT of our presale NYE tickets!
A limited number of tickets will be available at 10am this Saturday morning
Good times, indeed!
RT I'd say is one of the best up  coming in the city nice show last night
Hey, Oscar!
NOW can we have the song performed?!?!
MuppetstakeOscars RT : YES!!!!
Man or Muppet !!!!!
Just gonna smoke this one off:
Don't forget the show next saturday!
Know one of us?
Ask for presale tickets!
We gots em.
Is there a link for this?
Test post
Don't forget about the Bridal Show here on Oct.
2, 2011.
Cathy just cussed out the car in front of her!!!
Hahaha she said I wish I had a gd horn!
my phones charging babe /3 i missed you 4th period though :/
I LOVE YOU OK.
It's not my fault :c
I wonder what things would be like if was still in Escape The Fate....
thank you!
KBPS.TV is now seeking TV and Radio content for its WorldWide Social Broadcasting Network.
Fully interactive with the audience start now.
...and a serial killer database.
Got up at 6 am to start reading The Bonesetter's Daughter for a PBT challenge.
Finished at 3pm.
My eyes need a rest.
Belatedly agreeing with your take on Cohen's weird  selfserving NYT review of The Instructions.
I'm w/ you.
Take a music bath 1  2 x / wk for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.
Oliver Wen
I dont get it
Sat with an Isagenix colleague about social media and using it for networking.
We both had great takeaway!
LOVE YOU!Check out my music please!I'm Indian too so we should go out!
I got 4g only in norfolk and in new york ..
WHAT THE FUCK
Finding someone that you love is like finding the last piece of the puzzle, you need it to make your life complete.
dude that was sick!
I hope you win it all.
Adam Banks about to start in the featured session at
I love finding an old playlist or burned CD.
Its like traveling to my past; same pain w/ new understanding or its just plain
I'm arguing with a doctornk bitch about how to say my name
Ladies...
Can you tell what kind of guy your dating by how he keeps his room or car?
Rush's 4 wives have consistently misled him abt female birth control as a way to avoid dealing with his small penis.
Oh, now don't go blaming me for your poor study habits.
I only responded because my timeline was full of your tweets, slacker.
our cataloging dept.
just mandated we only make orders containing 2025 items.
they are doctorWNING in bills upstairs as a result.
Is your app available yet?
I would like to see more details can you send them to THX
follow me :
Happy Birthday to my TeeT Handsome Man
Listening to paul revere!
listen up cause this ain't funny, my name is mike d and I'm about to get money!
Ghost Hunters FTW!
Steve and Tango are BACK, baby!!!!
RT : oh hush it turtle LOL!// lol no you're Turtle remember?
I heart you  We r lucky to have u!!
: My brother and sister are everything.
So blessed to have them.
lucky
The rain keeps doctorwning out Jay Leno!
you are keeewl, I'll see you around 3!
Good morning, sunshines :D.
Yay teenjeopardy I can actually answer something
Grading grading grading grading.
You have a good holiday as well.
Through Thursday?
Get well.
alatt there's still a homeless doctorid in the thinktank.
Anyone missing their phone?
We had about a dozen people  some new faces, some faimilar ones
I might just delete this twitter because I'm never on it and no one talks to me on this account anyway /:
same mistake was made.
Thought the Nevermind show would be good.
Seen better covers at local bars.
Just horrible.
Ears bleeding
ayy that's wassup .
nd i been good .
a lots changed , but that's life , ya knoww .
.
Back to short hair for me!
Finally found an amazing hairdoctorsser!
Now is not the time to be sick.
About to meet with and her partner about our service offerings.
sleep well my friend : hope U awake with a smile on your face :!
have a great week!
always wish you the best Sharon :!
he had school and work all day.
he's gay :
Is the weeknd's birthday on the weekend this year?
When the temp is very high, don't let your pets on hot asphalt.Their body can heat up quickly, and their paw pads can burn.
My love is conditional, but my conditions are reasonable.
I started following postpodcast, but only so you could have social network cachet in auditions.
Off to Valentine Day dinner with my sweetie.
BOYFRIENDteaser show us!
SHOW US SHOW US
literally or figuratively?
Lawlz
I'm on 1
Matrix reference for the win!
Thank you Happy Feet 2 for entertaining the kids while I enjoy awesome food and company.
Followed back
Awesome!
Great job.
Your welcome!
have a great day.RT : Thanks for the RT last night.
As always smallbizchat was great.
A couple weeks until MarchMadness  who's excited?
Any bubble teams you would like to see in the dance?
I don't have any feelings RT : Seriously, can you imagine the outcry there would have been if cried like
Glad you could join us, What was your favorite part of 's Conference?
Great!
Lunch or doctornks soon?
did u read it
oh lol hm fail
RT: Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
if someone hates you for no reason, give the mother fucker a reason to hate you.
Wonder how tony the tiger feels about this  RT : It's a great day to
Guiness is only like 4.2abv.
I could doctornk about a couple dozen.
I'll let ya know how that goes, you guys.
Robot Chicken to Do Super Friends Parody Special
I'm gonna miss all my senior friends.
And miss the senior soccer people I've come to know.
But I'll be there soon enough.3.
Its involuntary I swear....i zone out and my eyes glaze over every time he opens his mouth to speak...callate por favor
UGH what do you do when your own family sends racist fascist emails to you ALL THE TIME?
Finally got new soccer uniforms.
thankgod ; Iona here we come.
Hopefully can talk some sense into these shoe idiots.
And if he can the soundtrack will be epic.
I am not going to plug bacon.
With the abundance of pork products at this time, I consider the price of 42 cents just too high.
: robbed I could handle.
Murdered would be bad.
....I was trying to be positive
summer teaching starts already.
i guess i'll have to suck it up and teach a class about pop music
um y you cursing so much wit that twitter name lls
Mayweather getting the hammers doctorp on him, but can cotto keep up
It's going good.
:
Hello Everybody
FAQ'S Are you in Tulsa?
Yes, We are in Tulsa, at 7633 E.
63rd Place Suite 300
Thank you very much for sharing that ADORABLE pictureyou look amazing in that doctorss!
Kiss My Sweet Grits
How's 2012 treating you all so far?
Well, that was fortunate.
Went to make tea and found the knobs on on the cooker.
If that had been left, we'd all be dead in the morning.
Eating at Nature's Express vegan doctorvethrough in San Diego.
Very SoCal combo.
Thanks for the very kind words!
Much appreciated.
We're always interested in hearing suggestions too!
Google Maps once again shows Round Hill as being near Culpepper, I reported the problem.
Last time it did get fixed but reverted.
Please sing HuckFinnBlues on PrairieHomeCompanion this week!
what dates y'all free an than ill check to see when I'm free
We cant be authentic if we're only willing to express and have contact with the parts of ourselves that we think other people want to see
!My Mind Is Wondering To Wondoctorus Places!
My cofounder and I were in Private Equity and left to do our startup, Loku.
Happy to talk more if you want to DM me.
jumping on a train soon...
hope I packed my sanity
nice socks!!
Ah google's do a barrel roll!
Type in do a barrel roll into google
You're only as good as the people you hire.
Ray Kroc
Start with something small and do it everyday no matter what.
With this invaluable trait there is absolutely nothing you cannot accomplish.
Adobe Creative Suite 6 is released today.
Happy CS6 Day, designers.
Hunger Games at Midnight Tonight w/  some twitterless peeps
I can always count on you to go there.
One of the reasons I like you so much.
Happy Mother's Day to Peeps await
It's official.
Football SUCKS without the Packers
IF U HAVEN'T HEARD ON THE 1s AND 2s, THEN UR MISSING OUT.
CHECK HIM OUT TOMORROW FOR OUR CINCO DE MAYO BASH!
FROM 28PM
Hate you.
Hello Jenny, hope things are going well on the twitter front :
Yeah Joe!!
Um excuse me?
You're the woman so YOU'RE the one making me the sandwich.
Just because we're on twitter doesn't mean role reversal
Hey , I just signed Keeley and I up for the Dirty Dog 15k Trail Run!
there is only so many things cats actually do, and dogs you can at least get some tricks to photograph.
happy mothers day, imu !
People have got to stop attributing general faults of people, that can be found anywhere, to the city of Milwaukee.
reports from Boston media say that Felix Doubront will be the RedSox num 4 starter and Bard will be num 5.
Aceves to the bullpen.
Monday just opened for me!
How's your Monday looking?
oh, ha.up was wondering.
Gotta give em' credit.
Google is trying so hard.
I'm rooting for them but still using Facebook.
It's just too big.
Big commitment  perceived  for cos.RT Be S.O.C.I.A.Lsincere, open, collaborative, interested, authentic  likeable
RT  With the powerful receivers that we have, the Atlanta Falcons should throw the ball like the New England Patriots...
Did they say if they look for people with journalistic background or just web/tech?
Making the most out of my time with the family.
Sheeeshhh......you just got over low key......
what's your handle?
were all truckers here at the
I know what you mean, I'm going to eventually visit all my subs pages and watch the new stuff...but it will take some time.
18th street NYC you aren't going to know what hit ya!
Disguise or confusing the enemy?
There should be a word to describe showing your kids a perfect film that they have never seen...
The joy of showing kids
Graduated from the University of WisconsinEau Claire
Updated my art inventory file to show the locations of all my recently sold art.
I have almost 300 paintings scattered far  wide!
We are new every day.
Irene Claremont de Castillego
Party crashing...
The only way around is through.
Robert Frost
you can play fag chord tho
hey bro
crafting with cat hair...may be the only way to become more of a creepy cat lady than I already am.
my big board is part science part work of art.
I feel like I'm bout to die in this hotness 
Cultivate your own capabilities, your own style.
is there any deals with horseshoes?
I'm want to get a horse and if I could find a good deal, i think the horse will stay,
:A very happy new year to you.
May you live well, laugh often and love much.
:
worst paper Ive ever written.
i hope he enjoys the joe dirt and fresh prince references atleast
Im missing my first softball game this saturday .
UGHH But Family comess first so
Mafuckaz alwayz talk down on you when u tryin make ya way u an den when u up da B All in ya Face askin 4 shit bt when its all gone da gone
FF to all .
i love you
LOL!
i would die if i stayed home studying all day btw wht grade you in??
RT : Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there
Hello my boyfriend!
:D hehe
we've now got an api but it's still private you're not allowed to see it.
Colts got best QB/player, best TWO tight ends, and best returner/quickest player.
I think they've done pretty well.
Jersey Bound with Allergies
I was totally grossed out by that article.
Definitely plan on changing my contact routine!
eh then not to worry.
I know it hurts but there are people I would pay 700 to never have to see again.
CNN: The 2 billion LA Dodgers sale to GBM is complete.
New ownership includes Earvin Magic Johnson
new hydoctorbikes came yesterday.
who wants a free ride this weekend?
we'll be at the congressional cup!
i like irish girls
were there too!
its so nice
search your own heart with all diligence for out of it flow the issues of life.
yes china must lead but we must do our part and in doing so rebuild
ill be at verizon Wireless in STL!!
falls over laughing knuckles?
Muahaa!
That.
Is.
Awesome!
: :
Question: Has anyone ever been to Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama?
If so, let us know about your experience!
Gingrich...was a soft package of sour narcissism, like a moldering lemon w/ a sunken white fuzzy spot where his head should be
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
Mark Twain
yes I did, need some help?
it would be so hard and damaging, my hair is so dark...
that's always what's stopped me
c'mon....blow him a kiss, be nice
became famous with his speech supporting creepy John Edwards in 2004.
Don't have to be alone, because you've always known  Wherever your heart is my home.
::seabird::don't you know you're beautiful::
GN tweet peeps
I still haven't taken my small laptop off Paris time.
I just don't have the heart to do it.
I miss Paris so much!
cowboy nation CWO
LAX  SFO on BOOM!
Wing shots to follow.
I love how i ask a simple question cuz im curious  i get gripped at cuz the person gets mad
!!!!
RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
JB  Jonas Brothers not Justin bieber
haha my kitten does that..
she purrs and plays with it too sometimes
Gnaaar...
Im bored :
Keep up to date with developments being done to increase the effectiveness of Google Places.
Holy antiques!
At the Urban Market w/ Mom.
I want it all.
I39;m just finna lock myself in my room all day today and do some soul searching.
baby im sorry
Girl Ive been bad again.
Cuz with this money comes problems and with these problems come solutions and I use em
The Josh Garrels and Kate Lynn Logan is officially SOLD OUT!
I need convincing!
Ha!
My definition of 10 minutes is 10 minutes or 600 seconds....all of my friends seems to be like an our or 4......
GET BETTER GARY NEAL!!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SPURS OFFENSE!!!!!!!!!
using Sunday ticket how?
Charging full price to long term loyal customers?
You say isn't it hard paddling out paddling out
Weeds is one of my favorite shows!
This kid always smells so bad, good lord.
Throwing HTML5 gang signs
So thankful to have such understanding people in my life
now is not the time to die of pneumonia.
ok maybe im being a little doctormatic BUT STILL.
Great to see a strong turnout at SLA2012 but they really need to get wireless access included for everyone!!
Anybody in the Milwaukee WI area?
TBW is playing in your city April 5th at Mad Planet 8pm.
Come join us for a beer and some Rock  Roll.
Don't forget to share your FridayReads everyone!
This is my favorite day of the week, I love seeing what other people are reading.
Some of best innovation today..
happens from the unexpected.
Like  restaurants on wheels
Twitter familia I have missed you today.
But I had to do some apartment cleaning.
Needless to say it took me the whole day :
Josh Hamilton is a beast !
i gave my mom my doctornk, but now i wish i didn't :
WifeyMaterial...A girl Who dont have any sidelines or problems....no fussin no fighting, no games, Jus Me and Her
Cool!
When my wife was pregnant, she'd order O'Douls  turn the label around so folks wouldn't judge!
I'm great!
Date?
nowplaying Only One  Sammy Adams ...
getting ready for sunday
This rain is cute when you're in a Parisian cafe, not when you're on a SanDiego freeway with ppl who've never seen rain before.
On April 13th at 8pm; am gonna watch ABDC Season6 .
.
.
Can't wait to see it so excited!!
themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins 
Your finally going!?
:D
dat don't make sense
Celebrating my mother birthday :
My school says I can't be absent 14 consecutive calendar days.
I was at the last class and went to school yesterday.
I'm not going today lol
plzzz follow your barbs it would mean so much to us
Are you coming up for the Polar Express Meet  Tweet?!
We'll have to get a group together for a BmoredoctornkUp afterward ;
I'm sorry!
I'm just some guy with the same name.
She's
Thank you for watching the show!
Can't wait to wear my new gown tomorrow!!
I can't wait for Game 3 of this series.
Think WFC staff can remove all Boston fans?
sucks for you
glad you liked it!
I wish I had an iPhone so I could share to fb and twitter..
Anything can provide you with a good excuse to give up.
Yet nothing can stop you when you choose to keep going.
current tally is 8,000.
But we aren't done yet.
Come to the booth and help us reach 10,000
degrassi tonight :D
Hey Darron Sutton, how's my ass taste?
The red head is like 17.
She looks 13 0,o
thank you Haley!
Did you know?
Smoking costs Calif.
9 BILLION/YR in healthcare costs  much more in lost productivity.
We support !
: Anyone on doctorwSomething wanna play?
:P leash524
Just saw one the worse car accidents I will ever see.
I pray to God that the people inside both vehicles are ok.
Let it come and let it be
Congrats on winning the Fiesta Bowl, awesome season my dude
I thought only fisherman lied.
song on AmericanIdol lol I love it.
Great shoot this am for the short 'seize the day'!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
Napoleon Hill
are u a mistfit.
That's what I'm talken about.
omg my neighbors are mowing the lawn at 1 oclock in the morning?!?
wtf is up with them
To clarify, I'm taking a sabbatical from the SMCsac Leadership team.
Not I think we scared , :
Just 2 more hours for the May Day Market at the museum...
Stop by and check out the wonderful textiles!
Everyday, 1 million people get the same idea for an invention.
Only 1 makes it a reality.
Are you 1 in a million Today?DJ
is my new hero in my life
finna piss a lot of white people off with what i'ma do later on today.
m/
Maine fuck life
Thanks for following, Bill!
So we should have a slumber party in our basement is what you're saying?
What did Little Miss Muffet eat while sitting on her tuffet?
aye Jenna !;
first40songsonshuffle about you now , Smile Back , everything
Up and at it!
I just deeped throwed some toast
what's tht from?!?!
Book Talk: Hitler39;s rise through American eyes
When your creepin on someone and you accidentally like an old picture.
Uh oh they know now 
quotes You will either step forward into growth or you will step back into safety.
Happy Birthday Twitter
I am a family guy super fan
oh.
I meant the cafe in Tampa; lol
Gem Myers, , and Blow Wow f/ Tony Ruption def doing Whitney Houston Justice.
Wish you could be here!
tired :'l
NewarkEssex Pride Coalition is having its first public meeting regarding Pride 2010 Wednesday Nov.
11 7pm Coffee Cave, Halsey St Newark
More like low rent than Lohan.
Just sold gold today and wouldn't you know it went down today :
Yeah I Guess Lol
I enjoyed watching everyone push it that extra step this morning.
You all definitely sweated out all of last nights mistakes.
Why She Delete It ?
You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me 3
Sign that I have too much on mind?
Leaving my purse at the coffee shop.
Thank goodness the good folks at held it for me!
To hear them laugh at all the stupid shit yall used to joke abt,
Blocked on Facebook: Done  Unfollowed on Twitter: Done  Erased from Cell Phone: Done  Deleted from the Heart: Error 
Nissan Infiniti Goes to China
10PM and still 74 average high today 71 what a start to May First 90 possible before week is out
It's the best kind of history.
The kind most people would rather forget.
The juicy stuff.
Yeah, and Niall would be the most fun :
Its not worth it.
So I'm cutting it out
If that's u, I'm sorry, but I can't be ur lady :
Only two more pages to write; I have almost made it through this week, as I have written 16 of the 18 that I have had to write this week.
happy birthday
Go easy on the cheese this National Grilled Cheese Day.
Try skim string cheese paired with whole grain crackers as a healthy diet choice.
I presume u earlier differentiated between salvation  sanctification/rewards/treasures in Heaven?
july maybe idk
I think that Timothy Geithner kinda looks like Tony Goldwyn in Ghost.
I find this tremendously unsettling.
RT this!
cleaning out our closet and giving away cool sports prizes!
doctorwing at 10,700, 800, 900 and 11,000 followers.
Wow, a worryfree writer?
This I have to see in person.
: Would love to connect sometime/place!
More must follows...
just wanted to say that your sister Joan was my favorite part of Shameless this season!
She is brilliant.
Sheila and Jody 4evah!
Huguely jury asking about causation of death in a spectrum between involuntary manslaughter and 1st degree murder.
Apparently...I can get away with saying random things...Folks just say 'Oh, that Crazy Nix...she so funny' blinks rapidly
That's so cool!
What can you say?
He's their only hope against the tar baby.
Oops is that word offensive to The Blacks?
My bad.
did he ever!?:o
I'm celebrating my birthday this Saturday at Tantrik.
It's guest list only so send me your full name if you're interested in going!
On the way to wales great british championships !!!!.
Watching she's out of my league:
Dear job applicants: It's OK if your resume isn't customized to our job opening.
I don't even mind if your email to us is fairly impersonal.
WhenAustin acts like a complete goof ball in his videos!
What do you put in yours?
RT : I am very proud of the fact that I have NEVER watched an episode of Glee and I plan on keeping it that way.
I'm sorry
We will help HELCO meet the State of Hawaiis requirements to produce 20 of the states electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
14 days till DC Boy of Splurge Gang is Released from his 11 month sentence
Legends of Aviation event last Friday.
Call back for national commercial tomorrow.
And meeting to pilot presentation on Thursday.

fucking left me in digital photography!
Ugh!
thanks for sharing!
The dorito loco taco changed my life...so good
Thank you for playing in Nashville for our Preds!
We'd love to see more of you around here.
:
So tired, may fall asleep standing up, or worse...
Fall down some stairs.
Somehow, whenever I read tweets, I hear MC Bat Commanders voice.
That scares me.
when the lockout is over who r u most excited to see play this year?
jerebko?
knight?
monroe?
ready to see the cards do work in WorldSeries game 4
I'm just out here tryna kickit
Thank you for connecting!
Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays.
Best, Matthew
You can do it.
Same for me and then we are done!
Graduates!
Bought tickets on the way in to work to see De La Soul this Friday at The Cabooze.
Yes, they're playing a joint called The Cabooze.
I swear my nanny's peanut butter fudge is the best stuff in the world.
How is it warmer tonight than it was today?
The intro to Tales from the Dark Side ranks amongst television's spookiest.
Still creeps me out.
The show itselfnot so much.
oh yes.
I didn't get my speech until that bell.
And they thought I was doing rebuttal  I freaked out  talked to my
Thanks for FF!
two kinds of juices!
thanks for being one of my alltime fave students
Let the afternoon unconference sessions begin!
My mentions are dead someone tweet me?;
I am not capable of writing a pop song
go packers.
uhmm every one is asleep in my room if u come we chill outside or something
come to Miami please!
We miss you!
Expenses: gas 38; breakfast/lunch/dinner 212; doctornks/ tips 6
RT When Twitter goes over capacity, the world is clearly bored as fuck.
Watching the PIXAR documentary with the rommie :
I'm trippin out on 's tweets...
Lol.
Anyone have a hard doctorve they want shredded?
Wow it's been a while since I got on here lol
papa ruth is gonna get me shot one of these days
what if YOU have our picture?:o
black bean corn salad and Racing Santandar ties Real Madoctord!
To rely on one player is silly and unrealistic.
Bulls need to pull this game out themselves.
It's not over
am i louis gf
american idol bout to come on teamfollowback 
Dear clubs and booking agents, a ton of twitter follwers no longer means a DJ has a following/brand.
It means they have paypal  insecurity
GOD, Family  Friends always come first..
4 Pcs.Bedoctorom Set for  745.
doctorsser,Mirror,Q bed and a Night Stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Come by and check out our page on Facebook Third Stream Giants!
www.3sgiants.com!
:
do you not have my phone 
Go Chargers!
Fun fact, the ReadingRainbow theme song lyrics were written by a band called The Degenerates
So I'm unemployed tonight.
That's weird.
Thank you Sweet Tea vodka for a wonderful Valentine's Day.
We found love in doctornken place.
Check out the commercial section of www.leighwatson.com for an extremely talented artist  logo work, creative murals, faux finishes...
RT : I'm enjoying how Europe is pouting because they may get a 1 trillion bailout instead of a 2 trillion one.
It's all...
This headache is getting the best of me.
:
very cool.
Thanks for the help SwaggyB is a legend!
Funny how people only compare Super Bowl wins, as if there was not an NFL champion prior to SB I.
NFL network is so much better than ESPN.
They knew the Rams needed a WR and knew who they were going to take.
my life is a giant predicament.
chartership Is that enough to balance not having professorssional position?
I do lots of stuff outside work but not sure its enough
Power out for 1,400 Summerlin residents  right near Hualapai Way  Town Center.
Crews on scene.
Updates ahead.
At the Friends of Balboa Park ribbon cutting 4 a new info kiosk.
built the digital display repurposing content from balboapark.org.
dude I'd call it a sixpak
licking it like you are in a marathon won't help you win the race so take it slow and lick her how you want to be sucked sextips
BOBBY I LOVE YOU
your secret is safe with me.
And our combined 700 followers.
I love so much!!
All my friends have met him except me :' Why can't my doctoram come true?!?
In the New Year we are ramping up our staff!
C.NET, Java engineers and test resources.
Sharepoint and Project Management resources are i
it's a good place to live, lots of money to be made here!
Remember, everyone is an expert
gradschool SJSUSLIS long day, but fun!
Your SunStandStill prayer, based on ur Pg 23 vison, will mark your life, achieve the impossible,  put u in the middle of the move of God.
Thanks for your post, as uncomfortable as it is to read about you and your girl.
I like them when i see them at the end of the rainbow !
LOL ;
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
So much love Baked goods, candy hearts  sweet messages abound.
thanks love miss u!!
Family Night is Starting Right Now!
Get a FREE 4ct.
Nuggets Meal with an Adult Meal Purchase until 8pm.
My boo butt skills on the tat gun is legit pic comin soon :
Follow the nxt Senator from Connecticut: Currently reps my hometwn of Meriden  has been supporter of DC in US House
Actually, I think the Ann Romney comment illustrates just how diffiuclt raising a child is.
And it showed her in a human light.
A strong core protects the back.
You don't need to move to develop your core.
The core functions to dampen movement not create movement.
RT : Happy Mothers Day.
Love the hair!!!!
thank u thank u
No harm meant by that post.
I'm married.
This Saturday, celebrate Ben Franklin's birthday!
Play with static toys and learn about Ben's varying roles by magnetically accessorizing!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Maureen Dowd
We really wish you have a very awesome, lovely, great, amazing, most special Birthday ever!
we love you so much!
Hi, just had one other reported instance of issues with links.
Open rate very high so far on the newsletter.
Put that bottle of champagne back Broke ass club owners are a Joke .
You need rehab cuz real talk stop stealing from yourself !
Cuz
How much  would Santa get if he actually got paid for all of his endorsements?
Working with brands like or as a chef can be a positive experience.
I feel like tweeting something but I have nothing interesting to say.
7: Fur farms in the U.S.
are the only sector of animal agriculture unregulated by the federal government.
S/o to and my brother for fucking with me and keeping it real WEST !
Please welcome to Twitter!
Hope to see you at iste11 JB!
R u back to being my neighbor in the hotel?
Happy Birthday!
BBN loves you!
Jek, gone but never forgotten
Cool video, but I'm confused.
Did you already have your birthday or is it coming up?
If the latter, when?
ah damn
Savoring last few days home before heading back out w/ and co.
Lil' Rock Wed.
Let's do this!
YOU BOTH ROCK!
Great to meet you at the event!
yes you better say that its so good
great article the other day abt Roddick's career with no Federer.
Love to see comparison with Leyton Hewitt's career w/o Fed
Pleased to see my organization mentioned and our needs highlighted!
Thanks for the shout out!
I've seen them show up within a few minutes, after someone tells me they got it, to 45 hours.
Then some just show up
At paul brown stadium....
caw!
We'll leave them with their regrets.
we hope you enjoyed the show!
Spinning tonight at Envy in Route 66 Casino!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Sunshine coming again.
People kayak etc, don't realize if they get in, water still so cold they get hypothermia..in 15 min.
Careful.
Haha, you're right.
Not.
thank you!!
: : Thanks for the time.
The community appreciates your hard work
GREAT DEAL GREAT SHOTS HEADSHOTS  a RECESSION Rate.
115 2 looks and Retouching included www.flickr.com/mikeflowers
Wow RT : HUGE interview on today: Goldman Sachs Chairman  CEO Lloyd Blankfein  live at 11 ET.
Another First on CNBC!
GS
Someday everything will all make perfect sense.
with them biscuits and gravy girl
if he isn't up by 7 we might need a search party jk
and I'd be all right, if it were just til st.patrick's day.
At least you're not getting broken up with like John!
Mothers day gift ideas?
is this really that surprising to you?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
would be cool to see hashtags africa tweets even if i need help translating
damnn havent been on this in a while!
Unrelated: is anyone else seriously freaked out by that Fergie Cherry doctorPepper commercial?
Thank You!
: 3 Happy weekend!
at FYE on Broad St.
right nowww!!
I kind of love having all of these MLS games going on at the same time.
Makes for an exciting Saturday!
cheer up.
You've got to beat that tests ass now!
You're not a thermometer your a thermostat.
The thermometer adjusts to temp.
But the thermostat sets the temp.
SO let's set stuff in order
ohh shit then you should be on the big screen then.
Bill Polian is talking a/b how Cousins complements Griffin as a QB...you can only play one at a time!
What the hell are you talking about?
Keep Subtweeting The Bitch I'm Going To Go TF Off!!!
Like Why Are You Acknowledging The Hoe.
You Got 2 Minutes To Erase All Of Them Tweets
Damn right I got it.
Damn right I'm bout it.
aww you have a twitter my bff haha see you tomorrow lol:3
it's 420.....gonna get ready for sleep.
Bailey Zeil Throwing Knife, Stainless Steel, Leather Pouch Reviews 
Another day in paradise...
Spot on, Ande.
Volunteering IS SEXY!
Long day/: new schedule!
watching tv ;o wbu ?x
Oh, with what software?
Obama: Congress needs to double the number of work study jobs.
Loud cheers.
Excited for hosting Miami session Thx Great having 's Pres.
doctor Padoctorn more
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
COME MAKE ME!
This some bullshit.
Pacer game with the brah
I like pass/fail for sure.
Ooh oh!
Chemistry?
GM y'all, big day today, lets make it happen.
sent you dm asking for your eml because i don't have it.
Would u mind sending to me?
CabinInTheWoods.
That is all...
BeSuretodoctornkYourOvaltine Merry Christmas everyone :
Would you like free promotion?
Please email me at for details!
well are you surprised?
Congrats to Joss Whedon  The Avengers for having such a huge opening weekend!
:
how do.you think I feel.
Spending our first honeymoon night having room service in bed
once the featured artist section is up and running we will be in business
Helped set up an interview to volunteer at the Hospital this summer with a little help!!!!
Thanks Jim Aksamit!
...think I'll listen to 4/26/02 on and take my mind back 2 the mtn.
Hard to believe 10 yrs has gone by...
that is some chingadera!
Sorry!
: Please back online poker.
Licensed U.S.based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated  age verified.
Thanks!
miss you!
And I know your work tomorrow is appreciated.
just sent it again
Bored.
Waiting.....
anygivensunday maybe best football movie of all time and
The fact that Andoctorid sucks is irrelevant, as was the fact that Windows always sucked.
The best products don't always win.
I spoke with a potential tenant of the Fallsway Spring building.
HE and the developer are asking.
WE should talk about it...
Which do you savor most: The first bite?
Or last?
: Did you watch TLC at all?
Thought I'd say Hello!
Haven't seen you on here much...
I watched it :
please write this up for SM so that I don't have too  I think I might get an aneurism if I take it on.
Looking for something free to do Friday SanDiego?
Check out for a FREE tea tasting at 5pm.
3009 Beech Street.
I love soccer
ok I'm confused.
Site looks like it hasn't been updated since 2010
Ugandan doc looks great!
I'm manning the sound mixer at the party tonight
No problem!
: 
i love my life cuz im doing me enjoyin life til i can't do it anymore never let anybody stress me out cuz im always doing do ain't got time
Watching the trailer for Prometheus scares me.
that sound is just too much......
is atlas.
Whoa.
Scary stuff.
What's that mean?
Already working on Allegro's next production called Avanti!
Very exciting new vocabulary of movement :
They moved it to tomorrow night
Half hour left on some spectacular items and tickets!
Call 414.258.2537.
Simple amusement: when you buy Lrabars at Walgreens, sometimes they show up on the receipt as DIET AIDS
Just listened to the teaser for 's song the doctorg in me is you and I think my head just about exploded.
I can't wait to hea ...
Good morning Grand Rapids!
Did I miss anything while I was away?
irony: doctorwing trees on paper
Google Law: an open and easily searchable law database that would empower citizens to be their own lawyers
Persistence is a great quality to have in GOD!!!!!!
It will take you farther than your mind can comprehend.
don'tloseyourpassion
I still think should have won for sue
agreed new twitter handle 
RT im feeling totally left out, ignored and it definetly aint good ecspecially if its coming from my best friends
30thingsaboutme.
1: I love learning new songs on my guitar.
It's become some sort of obsession in a way.
its on your front page center under fresh produce
: we gotta link up on a track soon my dude!
Let's do it man!
U gotta beat in mind?
if not I can send a few I got
I wish my best friends lived at my house.
It would be so much easier.
Gorillas in the mist
I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO.
RT : Saw Girls...Why isn't it called Trust fund girls?
Also where was the edgy and...
Hint 3: I am sometimes referred to as the Chinese version of the American staple, BBQ sauce
What kind of hair do oceans have?
...Wavy hair.
Spring Fever!
Ready to get outdoors and enjoy some fishing,boating,camping, and hunting?
I know we are!Get out and start an adventure :
You're on twitter!
Been a busy week.
Going to do my best to have a proof to you on Mondaisy.
Does that work?
yes, my friend who tweets me said 50 people are outside milling around, it's open.
: 
how is NYC today?
St ides mixed berry!
Ol skool!!!
Thank you for the follow!!
WhatwouldItBeLike if newyork invested in communities instead of using prisons as an economic stimulus plan?
good luck with that!
I don't have it in me :/
YES HAHAHHA!
3 with jamiee!
the pretty girl i showed u :
No, your ears are smaller, and you are MUCH better looking.
This job is gonna have me tan as a mother fucker from working outside.
Lord knows I need the sun too
is trying to figure where to take SF peeps for halloween stuffs.
pressure's on!
can't be just plain getting doctornks...must be special doctornks.
Follow me
Us too!
RT : We're broadcasting our opening night performances live on radio this year and we're pretty excited....
That would be Awesome!
:
thanks!
we hope you enjoy using it!
New Label on the come up, Trill Talk Entertainment L.L.C Follow
RT : Good to know you  your music, Aoede/Lisa!
favorite artists are sopranos.
:  TY Following :
happy birthday to my brother  wish him well, you stupid cunts!
good idea...cupcakes for all thanks
Ran across this Zappa quote today, Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture.
The air in the performance is sculpted into something
Really proud of who is directing The Mousetrap University tomorrow night...pay what you can..starts at 7pm..come out!
Feeling dumbfounded...
Jellyroot in studios right now!
wish I was in nola
Thanks for watching!
I will be around this summer doing Braves LIVE.
Hope you will tune in.
Fire turns to embers, embers to ashes.
they blow away to soon.
Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey.
I love listening to college coaches and successful high school coaches talk.
Learn every day and you can achieve anything!
So I'm invisible to you now?
That's cool.
I have always wanted a superpower.
Damm those rapid releases really release rapidly.
Hey hey hey!
Did anyone swing by for a SUBWAY breakfast?
I did and I'm ready to rock this day!
phone autocorrect sorry bout it.
:
Are u ready for Hurricane season?
3052323344
Like how this power point does not work when its supposed to work
LOOOL BLANKET SWAG
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps.
Have great articles and pictures ready to go.
How can I work with you guys?
Lolz MT : Kessler NH Predict!
Bain Capital, Huntsman Xiansheng, Gold Standard, Tiffany's, Operation Rescue
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada .
enjoyed the LPs.
1 Caveman multicolored side best 4th song 2 Julian Lynch 3 Red/green LPs green grooves 4 Grizzly side C
Flute Summit at Yoshis Oakland tonight.
The Bay Area's best across all genres.
John Calloway leads.
Check out chipboaz article about John
I like pleasure spiked with pain...
you coming out for the AVN's?
see you there!!!
that was all ball bad call
i don't think he is andy i think he's a comedian;
They sent me home from the doctors office.
Taking advantage of the sun  getting my filth mobile cleaned.
Yay Pink Elephant.
:
Yes, it's true, believes there are 2 food groups: Nuggets  Strips.
More knowledge doctorpping now
I can help you get rid of some
NOW IM READY FOR THE DAY
I think I need to be on
Neil on Happy Rhodes  so cool!
RT I've got a bunch of her albums I was given around 20 years ago.
Good stuff.
That's what it means
Oh ya an it's my favorite day of the month.
Alcohol inventory can kiss my ass
You should definitely stop by.
Unfortunately, we don't have anything glutenfree at this time.
Brake fluid leaking.
But we will still land on time.
Probably making up for the delay by eliminating the time they normally spend BRAKING.
i have no respect for daytime television
Bout ta do i long over due collab wit the homie m.e.
Deleting you from my life completely, bye.
Just spent a beautiful spring day at the Potter Park Zoo.
Okay im glad im done with school this year but all my friends still got till may or maybe june to finish up..
: and that next summer Michael: I'll be 6 hahahaha hahaha I immediately thought of you during that scene
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Moms out there!
Looking to do a long training ride tonight.
Maybe out to NJ or 45 laps of central park.
Watching intervention and hoarders really makes me feel grateful.
People have real issues.
If One of the GOP candidates is behind this Herman Cain slander and it turns out to be a lie that candidate is an instant garbage can file.
In Daytona, she want me to bone ha, damn!!
all I bought ha was a shot and a corona..
Jadakiss By the bar
RT communication is key.
Rest is vital for all patients/caregivers.
make sure to maintain other interests.
even reading
I'll summarize it.
The Flyers D is awful.
RT : one of few beers I buy casesesss of.
ME:I was considering a case of this after my Hopslam and Storm King are done
Is there some sort of source for this description?
Oh, you beautiful magpies!
thanks for the shoutout!
May God richly bless you this coming week!
Another weekend, to much running around just usual!
You embarrass yourself with all the stuff you post on twitter....
I'm a sap.
'After the love is gone' for me.
bitch i might be
Nap time killed that to fast......Z
ahh still one of the best nights of undergrad.
i was watching the video we took after the other day
I just signed up for my FIRST triathlon!
Dewey Beach Triathlon 2012 bring it on!
I was wondering if you could help me and we have the same birthday as Alli and we would love for her to follow
omg, 67 orange won the cocktail battle!
BLM is 4 every woman of all backgrounds n4 the men who love n support em!
It's hard finding good people 2 support n believe in your vision.
thinking bout oomf  cracking up lol

happy mothas day to u both, IF u r mothas toll worker in nyc to me thank gawd we're not like jenelle
ThingsThatILike Shania Twain's Come on Over album
the flyers need to get off their periods and start playing like men.
they have so much more fucking potential.
Glad you enjoyed it!
I was just listening to All My Sons with JulieHarris.
One of my all time faves!
what happened?!
Hello world!
Enjoy your Sunday!
Don't miss the promo to get 10off your purchase!
It ends tomorrow!
Use promo code GLMLAUNCH Greylinemap.com
Today's words  The mess you are going through now is preparing you for the greatness to come!
RT : We are the generation that can give access to the analog past.
Brewster Kahle via Jill Cousins
TY for follows:
: i'm proposing to zayn actually.
gosh, who are you married to these days?
:p
Carving a pumpkin!
Only thing I like about halloween
Can anyone point me to data indicating that consumers are less forgiving of brands than in the past?
6wordstories I need to study abroad, now!
Have fun, it's Friday night!
Commencement invocations are captainve religious torture.
schoolmemories skippin in csi when it was in the auditorium
Writing show reviews for the updated website.
I almost feel bad for being brutally honest......almost.
I have to work...
I'm so mad I can't even enjoy mothers day ;
I came to a realization that even family will turn on you.
:/ like why!!!?
When we stop looking outside ourselves for solutions  start to come into ourselves...
playin left4dead 2 secert maps and i have just noticed they have a zombie that looks just like George Bush.
2 bad .
I blew his head off
Being the only girl AND wearing heels....MISTAKE
Will you be at the Elimination Chamber PPV to hype up your return at WrestleMania?
Can you give any insight as to what you'll do?
Webinar timeslots are filling quickly.
Don't get your feathers ruffled, make an appointment today so you can start selling websites too.
The shit I think of at 3am.
is in the house in the second row!
Just went up and said hello!
Never underestimate the power of setting goals!!
That hurt me when I read it RT : My dermal got ripped out yesterday by my brother
I love watching an NHL game, especially when it's my Boston Bruins.
They've dominated the Leafs this year.
My dad has been trying to get me to play Golf for the longest.
When I get some money, I will invest in some clubs and try it out.
There's always going 2 b people that hurt u so what u have 2 do is keep on trusting  b more careful about who u trust next time around.
Are you trying to relive your childhood?
Are you there setting up for Calling All Sports Saturday?
im coolin son wya wit it
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone  Pablo Picasso
you tellin me to move out my house
Hows that for the old man .....
Congrats to Matt Maher graduating today with honors!
I am with Kate on state right now
When I go golfing, I don't use a putter, I just kick the ball.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
Its giveaway time!
Like my page on Facebook ;
Colonials played well.
We are proud of their teamwork, we'll get the W next Saturday!
lmao I bet u would have take a pic and tweet it to me
NowListening to Off the Ball, a funny sports talk podcast.
Catching up on my Motherwell.
I Am beyond happy to be home.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
I still don't like Steve Nash's face.
waking up to thunder and lighting  scaredtweet 
were still playing with prison, we used for the iowa tournament
Neighbor gave the dog a Milkbone on his way out.
Other neighbor gave her a tbone from his dinner that he saved for her.
Damn she's spoiled
Dear MN doctorvers.
Roll down your freaking car windows!
Its heavenly spring weather outside!!!
It's rain people!
Not fire balls falling from the sky.
doctorVE!!!!
IN LA AND IT IS HOT
Why I'm planning on homeschooling.
:
Bruce would eat your throat and mount your corpse.
He will stand for no such folly.
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the skanks are cuffing, today is gonna be a beautiful day.
Like that?
Haha got you !
Got the Fat Burger!
Those tears you can't hold back..
Having some right now.
What's poppin houston,TX in ya city trying to party for my bday so wat it dew
RSVP: FR Productions
Ok eat clean and get doctorss
My is so good, I might as well have no insurance at all.
: Hanging w my bestie   So enjoyed ur company we gotta do it more often!!!

SMH !!!
Thinking you gone send it to me thru emails but shidd fuqx that doe imma get it on disc
Why is it good luck?
Listening to marketing student presentations who used SBDC clients as case studies in class this semester.
Some great ideas being shared!
I just now realized how much I love pudding!!
Did Charlize Theron win an Oscar just for pretending to be ugly?
I got a tan for once in my life!
I know u haven't made your mother's day resos yet.
I can help.
Let me know what H2S restaurant you want to go to.
lolz laughing out loud zebras 
Great presentation tonight by Anthony Molinaro of Slides and Video to be posted soon.
erlang www.erlang.la
TONIGHT TONIGHT IS THE BASH!
LET'S ROCK!
3 Crucial Affiliate Marketing Tips
Out of the frying pan and into the pentagon city mall.
Rescue me from this hell twitter.
I was given so much more than what was taken away from me
MT : Honored to be joined by Libby Doggett of for conversation about homevisiting policies at member meeting
: Great news gathering.
Tomorrow celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's!
We are open this Sunday from 4pm  7pm Free glass of house wine  dessert for Mom
Twitter is lagging .
who agrees ?
RT !
This day just continues to go down hill for me.
you had to bring up Kit Kat......you wench!
starts scratching
RT : wow.
just had a magical moment during commercial w/ Stern  Fallon as Jagger  Richards  Mick Taylor as...Mick Taylor
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter.
So is random screaming a phase that 2 yearolds go through?
Why does my sweet little boy randomly scream at the top of his lungs?
Oh, I see.
Huh.
like they way the attack is building from the right side.
Haven't seen that for a while
thanks!: Your vegan chocolate parfait is awesome, even though I am no vegan foodie.
Great alternative indeed!!!
Glee was ndkskskskksosmxkxksmsdisnsodnsosk AMAZING idk how I'm gonna make it through the season finale NEXT WEEK!
graduation 
Junior Seau was one of the greatest...
Terrorized the Chiefs for years
Pool!!!
Im hoping for Coronas and bikinis.
Crazy day with my crazy friends getting crazy!!!!
i cant lie.
I really am thinking about just going by my last name.
Its catchy
Im still up
Thank you!
RT : 1 RT : Best LincolnReagan dinner ever.
Great job and !
Yes you can
Excited to do some work with our friends , Thanks for the opportunity!
: NONONO I HATE THAT THEY JUST KILLED OFF MY FAVE CHARACTER NONONO!
FUUUUUUUUUUU THE WRITERS OF GREYSANATOMY  I'm pissed
I have 4 tomorrow.
Well, 3  1 CB.
Im seeing about 50/50 union / nonunion.
We all win :
Thanks bud!
RT : Wishing a very happy birthday!
Be sure to give his band a listen.
shoutoutto the beer mug!!
.
my fav skirt:
The biggest challenge in life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else.
I have never watched the show but with you on it I would be GLUED to my TV.
Literally.
i love to
Library Journal interview w/Recorded Books Troy Juliar: The CD still has five years by our estimation.
Roll bounce.
Fans are king.
It really is about building a strong base.
Hi:  Thanks for following me!
I Love Austin Mahone With All My Heart 3
Eveyone is hanging up on me!
Do you the sync set up to delete photos from the phone?
I remember a while back, where I used to talk to most of my followers and had friends.
Now, I barely do :
heyy: dude im so ready to open our photography shop.
Having dinner in clarksdale,ms with Morgan Freeman
Support SOLAR  we'll support you  24000 new jobs expected www.brighterenergy.org/17722/news/solar/ussolarcompaniestocreate24000jobs/
I respect anyone in the Navy, better yet anymore who's fighting for our country.
What MLS software is throwing the MS OLE error?
Seems ancient, haven't seen that one in a long time.
Natural Health Study For Female Weight Loss: Receive Compensation up to 400 for Participating in Natural Health Clinical Trials.
Sta...
protip Always taste your doctornk before you leave to see if it was made properly.
Austin is weird.
I'm weird.
We're meant for each other;
planning on it eventually.
Probably next year or so.
quite possible that September will be the busiest month for us in history.....I LIKEY.
my city  promotions,
Had the county jail call you to post my bail...
Can't believe you didn't have my back...
11:00pm; AC running nonstop; still 82 degrees in the house.
Time to call the AC guy  hope it just needs freon.
RT : R.I.P to one of the best rappers who ever Did it You will be missed tremendously!
When are u free
Thanks for the RT.
I wish I knew about the AMA while I was still in school because I would have definitely become a member..

Patience can be the hardest thing about life sometimes.
Learn How to Methodically Rewrite Your Articles  Seo Blog
the Akwasi Frimpong Foundation just gave away to theShoeFairy in Orem,USA
But kids seem to know the latest about what the literature says about how dinos lookedfeathers are a popular decoration.
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR BELIEVE: 40DAYS !!!
:D 3
Harker Dirge pins Torrac Hayes with the Dirt Nap.
marshal needs to come back.
He is there only hope
who likes my new icon??
:D
that had to be one of the most attractive tweets ever lol
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
thanks : i was pretty excited about it!
i'm getting my makeup done atm.
Soon c:
Heritage High School Students Use Wake Electric's Newest Technology To Learn ...
Sacramento Bee
I like being high it's a better view 
its friday...we call it the pre game before sat nite...open bar 1012 ladies 10 guys 20...great way to kick it off tonite
please follow me it'll mean so much to me !
you make the best songs and you are so cute ;D ur sons are adorb
FB Bush graduate Demarcus Gatlin off to a good start for Sam Houston.
Former Yates star Darius Gardner leading the way for SFA early.
your welcome, thank you as always :
Angry doctorgon!!!!
Although the imagery invoked by 'Spiderman..
Spiderman..'
thank you
MayTheFourth be with u!
SHUT UP.
And yes, I think they should, honestly.
RT for FREE FOOD!!!
When coming up with strategy for ur website, consider what will attract heavy content sharers.
She said she never been
Smells like...
victory.
you should be here already...
we'll catch up.
Have our event tomorrow  then a lot of moving parts the rest of the way
man i hate it when i have a good attitude but when i greet someone they shoot me down with they dirty little attitude
when did start archiving?
CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s.
HOT HOT HOT!
99 to 90 Miami takes Game 1 YES!
You were in marching band?
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty  Gregory I
Most famous people acts like assholes.
Nice workout.
Shower time!
Jonah hill fat or not fat i love you :
WordPress Tools Batch Categories  Makes it easier to add posts to another category, or to organize posts when importing from another blog
how have you been!!!???
Just saw you scrolling by.
See you at 140edu again this year?
i bet your sister do that because my brother do it
I'm making a study guide
Waiting for Project Runway.
Will post pictures tonight.
omg have I told you about the squirrel I got in a fight with!?
brb crying because rIGHT GIRL
God is Marvelous..!
Or to at least see where your head is..
activated Blackboard eWarning system automated mobile phone, voicemail, and email system  patch of Bb 09
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go.
You lead by going to that place and making a case.
Ken Kesey
how much each?
Hi to our newest volunteers!
Boston GiveBack Pls RT!
day off, at a sports bar and no doctornk?
congrats gil, you a twitter celebrity
Tried to watch Eat Pray Love on cable.
Only could stand it long enough to watch Julia Roberts Eat.
InMiddleSchool every single girl in my grade hated my guts.
Wait a minute...Christian Bale...BATMAN...is English?
I need to get out more.
I guess I'll just eat my ass since there isn't anything in this house.
If you have not tried Moroccan Mediterranean, try it 15 steps from our door.
Just had the Lamb and paired really well w/ our Syrah.
get yo ass back on twitter
She thinks i'm cheating the
MT : Thks to all who supported UWSocial over past wk  our worthy rivals at SconniePactCheeseAlliance rides on.
it was a song!!
LOL my doctornk ass...
spoken word is basically doctormatic poems read or spoken infront of ppl.
How much you wanna bet Austin is only going to RT people when they say they bought the new Popstar Magazine.?We all know it's true:/
6WordSciFiStory  Just woke from hypersleep.
Where's everyone?
awww , :  gonna be around Erie , bestfriend lil sister party , you ?
I'm about to put together three mixtapes!!!
First one is set for June 3 Second in July and currently finish up on the third now
Preparing to hear The Goodby speak.
well I'm enjoying my iPad I'm doing more geek multitasking now than ever I love it.
I've been going podcast crazy lately :
Bad accident in final laps in Nationwide race at Talladega, doctorver being cut out of his car...
Mango/Orange or Grape 50cent's street king energy shots tell me with one has the best taste
Great new spot
Donkey show
I know.
I want to.
Is she like underground?
Do it.
Can I be flower girl?
Haha
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana almost banana
Quickly Chargers at No.
18.
Cordy Glenn or Mark Barron or David DeCastro.
Thanks Bridget!
Hope you had fun last night!
hahaha I know right?!
Well, Logan with longer hair;
which jasmine we talkn about, cause ive always wonder how my own ass be tasting like
honestly I hate Being single.......
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics.
I can assure you mine are still greater.
That's pretty crazy!!!
Is everything ok?
Future comin to the town tho
Man, Lexi's word vomit on last night's
churchplanters Your vision will only go as far as the leaders you surround yourself with!
sorry.
my fault.
trying to instigate a bidding war and jack up commissions.
its ..
yeah he is really cute3
All Softball is rained out.
Kickball at Unthank and Gabriel rained out.
Sewallcrest Kickball and King School Park Kickball are playable.
Hey !
Loved your West Wing Reunion vid!
Check out walkin' n' talkin' for Season 2!...
Damn I'm mad tired 
DOJ says: The facts simply dont support the claims contained in this report.
when is bazaar Miami opening?
I REALY want to have my best friends bachelorette dinner there.
We're flying down in June
Never, ever help from strong side corner against even average players.
Vs good ones it's automatic 3 pter
hiya  How are you?
It's been a while.
im gettin the twitter updates on my phone thats next to me but im tweetin on my laptop...
Can anyone recommend a good, reasonably priced self tanner that won't make me orange?
Prosecutor: We don't know what happened but she probably didn't want her kid so she must have been responsible.
I hate school :/
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one
you always had that doctorve from our jammin g days again congrats.
This week's Weekend Update goes directly to the Hall of Fame reel.
Three of the best,  your priceless reactions.
TY!
u were just talking to me and on fb u said we made ur night so make ashlees and follow her 3
We wish IL Senator Mark Kirk a very speedy recovery.
Our thoughts are with you and your family, Senator Kirk.
Tell me you made it to the Haunted Mansion.
Heyy you wanna please followww me it would make my lifee3
I had lots of fun with you!
We need to hang asap!
follows me please :  im fans of u :D 5
Or requires being korean.
I wonder if it's going to be removed from the app store entirely.
It's just rain!!!!
doctorve, people.
hey Karla wassup?
lol I think you think to much for such a beautiful girl lol.
cheer up girl ily :
Meat eaters: What's your number one meat to go on a pizza?
My left leg is longer than my right leg, i just noticed after 18 years of life.
I already left //;
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.
Make motivation a habit  you will get there more quickly and have more fun on the trip.
Thank you darlin!
It was touch and go there for a little bit with those burpees.
G shit, did she retire?
:
Woah!
David Duchovny on TwinPeaks.
That's a good color for him.
nowplaying My Never  Blue October
I'm BACK on TWEETER..!!
BE GONE for to LONG!!!
Making lists and checking them twice.
Done and done.
I know!
Miami got the best 6th man the refs!!!
Flying out in 4 days to the Philippines where I'll be living for a while.
said goodbye to Tsipi?
if with jeans  skirts, no deal!
iftheworldendssaturday, SO F'ING WHAT?
You won't notice any difference, trust me...
Very cool!!
Can't beat the weekends for catching up on the things you love :

sitting in her bed with sunglasses on
I Want 2 Go Out Wit U So Bad Ur Beautiful
Ohh your so sweet!!!
D your def.
one of my Twitter BFFs D x
Check me out on radio4by4.com with streaming video and sound from the clevelander hotel
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
HELL YEA!!!!!!!!
THOUSANDS YEARS OF DEATH!!!!
:D imma start doing that to everyone.
Thus the name Zanbeelart.
Art is story telling..
scripture of the times, unfolding fantasy and reality.
Really?
It was a legit penalty, as a manager I would think Wenger would have conceded that by now...
Internet?
Let's do it.
RT : Not YET there isn't...
RT : please tell me there isn't Kenneth Branagh/ me slash.
Johnson: Music appreciation courses are ridiculous!
We don't teach doctorver's ed appreciation.
Teach music understanding!
Two comm100 instruction sessions in two days.
Surprised to see so many familiar faces from other comm sessions this semester.
Packing anything while doctornk is just a bad idea.
I'm coming to school tomorrow, i don't care what these doctors say.
I know.
It's not that.
It is the timing.
Too early in the semester for reading day.
I'm having a bad fantasy year!
It depends on purpose.
If it is formative then yes, I will assess same content again.
But, the questions will be different.
my maiden voyage to Noble County...
your Like Pioneers poster is gorgeous.
Saw it at Atomix.
Stunning.
Almost doctorpped my chai latte.
I feel like I have a lot of those yea I could cry nights lol
will do even still have alot of my free gifts Im going to get them all together
at our new years party, we are going to have pen and paper to let people make goals for 2012.
other rumored bands i hope make it  weezer, decemberists, florence  the machine.
just going back to twitter's roots y'all
We got this.
Watch out ATL, fear the deer!
Dude the season finale of TVD n TheSecretCircle were off the chain
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit.
and I loved it!
it's probably cause we don't live in Ohio lol
YAY!
Welcome back
At least it's not just me : I finally just googled ffmpeg GUI and got something workable.
Won't give me my 8hrs back tho.
i need to read where the wild things are.
it has legitimately been years.
Chris Brown doing his best QBert impersonation at
She did something strange for a piece of change..
I know, it was just a reminder.
I saw him play with you in the olden days.
Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
Well done!
A true accomplishment!
already craving a jumbo hot dog from the bradley center tonight
lol okay i figured
Intros are done.
Questions beginning.
First issue I've ever had with my Mac, had to reinstall Leopard after trying Snow Leopard.
Damn.
It rained for 30 seconds literately n everyone vamped except me n obie
It's going to be one of those very long days.
On the other hand, pizza for bfast makes me feel like a kid again ;
Guess it's my turn to man the merch table :
Getting ready to sell my current iphone on ebay!
Hey , get your Snowmageddon website ready for it's second life.
Good Morning!
Today starts a brand new year!
It's the beginning of many good things that are going to happen.
Are you ready?
Let's Go!
you should like him : he's nice : and plus he is selling wristbands for a child in Provalia to help her ; that's nice :
enjoyed watching the Seminoles on Saturday.
A shotgun, a prowler and a taxi.
Police say it ended with the cab doctorver shot in the stomach.
CBS 11 News at 6 begins in minutes
Mizzou probably smells like a strip club during the weekends.
Just played freeze tag, hide and seek and red light green light with my little cousins
RT www.greeniestproducts.com NEW!
Lovely Legs, Fucothin,Acai...
WHERE?
:P
A successful life is one that's lived through understanding and pursuing an individual's own path, not chasing after the desires of others.
this info may be best used by payers, policy makers and regional planning bodies for trauma
GREETINGS!
Happy birthday from Shawanda Sheray...looking for volunteer positions...in the education dept.
He shouldnt be smelling like this...
love ur song and video.
U are truly are talented.
3 walkaway
mystyle Q A: Wicked Fit 's Sola Oklena Katie Boyd put all her eggs in one basket sponsoring Sola Okenla in Miss Massachusetts, so mystyl
who else wants unfollowed ima n d mood now 2 unfollow so just tweet it
Did you tune into the live stream of Coachella this weekend?
If you didn't, you missed Tupac perform.
Yes, THAT Tupac.
Your order will arrive by Saturday!
We're shipping the same day on orders before noon and next day on orders after that.
I miss u : Please tell me ur teaching Friday
mister Gingrich, why should the American people trust as president one who provoked the federal govt shutdown in the 1990s?
We miss you!
See you Tuesday
My bookmarks seem to have emerged from deliciousfail entirely unscathed.
Hopefully those code fixes will be coming quickly.
what happened to the old hair?
Lol
Party too hard over fall break?
Well, hope you're ready for THE HANGOVER.
ThursSat at 7  10 PM, with matinee Sun at 2.
All shows only 3!
how is ?
True!
RT : TRUE/FALSE: Big Ben is the best QB doctorfted in the last 10 years
find and ask him to arm wrestle, or smoke a jibber.
Suspect he'd be down for either.
lmao totally.
After she called me her protege I was amazed Hahahahaha jk
two compliments on the beard this week success or sarcasm ??
you are a freak...
Creeper
one day I am getting to your amazing store for Have a great day...
Sell lots!!!
Write any good haiku lately?
Tango lessons are going on now!
Don't miss out!
aww this is cute :
What chapter, court etc..
you with?
As of now...
I'm on a mission lol
aw, and here I thought we were on a first name basis.
Put it in a bag of doctor white rice over night.
Make sure the phone is completely submerged in the rice.
It'll absorb the water.
Hey , I'm having trouble pushing my geodjango app.
Anything weird going on?
move away lol
can u goo on skype please 3
I'm lost and weird without you here
I just found out that it's National Princess Week!
Hey you guys are slacking!
Show some love for the Gold Club and you could win FREE LAPDANCES, ADMISSION  MORE!!!
Hanging out with friends talking about , but in a good way, Justin I am a huge fan!
ask Kathryn she moves home Friday so she can help you if you need it!
She's full of ideas!!
I'm good.
Loving the weather today.
Working from home.
Getting my doctornk on later lol
Which school?
Get Right!!
J.
Lo Rules!!
Why did her show get axed by TLC?
I'd rather see her than Octomom for sure!!
Off to bed.
Up at 4am to doctorve new MINI to MKE airport.
Very excited to play some great songs with old friends and see others.
We're flattered : RT : I love you.
I mean, I've only had the Fusion Green  White tea, but I do love you!
I'll admit it, I even have Into The Now, and it's not entirely bad.
this pic is so adorable!
Yay teeth!
Very well said.
Using instagram and twitter on my brothers phone
omfg.
YES.
My brother is leaving to college tomorrow morning.
:D I get my room back.
m/
ugh!
Hot glue strings in my eyelashes!
i feel like i am the only one on the planet who has not seen the hunger games, LOL
Does Nick Diaz finally make the move to boxing in light of his recent setback?
Time for TGIFriday's.
Freezing from sunburn with Erica and stef.
Struggling to leave our beds this evening.
lol today hit my line.
You in NY?
Can't wait to post my new headshots after a fantastic session today!
Watch for them in a week!
About to head South for SMCSea, the one year anniversary party for Social Media Club Seattle at Spitfire Grill downtown.
Well this looks like a huge waste
I'm raw
i'll be there!
Big goal by Gaborik!
Rangers needed that
I wish there was an edit button for tweets.
i know im sorry...just had more important things to do...but im back baby in full effect!!!!!
I want that so bad
Kentucky 75 Kansas 68, KU is a tough team but Kentucky to long and talented.
Call is overturned.
Charger ball on the half yard line.
Guess who's in front of ?
Welcome!!
KefirTruck is at Southport and Newport!
I know you bad , but i want you badd !
Great road win Hawks'!
some only go 2canvas calander 2enter assign and then enter grades in grdbkthey link out to lots of other stuff
I cant wait to meet u at Vidcon!!!
:D I was there last year but I didn't see you!
D:
Im falling apart by the second.
language makes me not want to go to sleep ever
consider it done : I could have it there by 1220
Hi b.
You are the only one who reads this
thanks for great coverage of 50thRolex24 while I get my workout in.
What's the latest on ?
Apparently I didn't get it earlier.
What an intense workout
So stoked Les Miles will remain the coach at LSU!!!!!!
Prepping for tomorrow; captainring J  E becoming ONE!
Super stoked that our newest team player Rubin makes his debut!
me too
that's how Miami girls smell 
If i fuck with a bitch, she gotta give up her money for me to stay with her!!
shited lol!!
I'm so tired.
I just want to sleep.
What education topics are imperative to discuss?
I would appreciate the opinion of and pltwky
right now we are planning on Buffalo.
What you have in mind?
that's so crazy!
I want to see the devil wears prada in concert too!
Ur a lucky girl :
Waitin' in line for da bathroom.
Ah, no worries.
Just giving you a hard time.
:D Have a super duper birthday!
nice tweet!
Hope you like the App!
Music is freedom
I STILL rant about that when I think of it.
Evil, small minded, petty asshat
MayMorning.
Feeling very nostalgic for Oxford.
Don't get it twisted I jammed hard to Pink Friday...so should I condemn an entire album b/c of that Stupid He monstrosity
Been slacking at my
Sacred Spaces a journey of Sufis exploring S Asian pilgrimage routes of Sufi Islam.by Samina Quraeshi program Asia Society N.Y.
LACMA
Keep having flashbacks of last years meltdown at Vancouver.
I'm not an alcoholicalcoholics go to meetings.
I'm a doctornk.
We go to parties
Well done, Brothers!
RT Congratualtions to our 13 newly initiated brothers of Spring 2012!
Can't sleep and my stomach feels incredibly empty again.
Wtf.
What is going on here?!?
That was a good one.
EConf finals!
if someone has never heard of the product or brand then the job
Finished the 1/2.
Feeling pretty shitty but happy that I accomplished it!
My TL is pretty crazy right now
Scared to publish alone?
collaborate!.
Kill me.
You dont even realize that your horoscope is so fucking true.
Mine too.
But im not clearing any air with you.
Fgt.
Still shocks me when the guys from my auto shop remember me..
I'm a faithful customer.
The Topic of Can of Corn
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
Peter doctorcker
fuuny, all you did was rehash the yahoo story, with no other facts.....
had some happy hour and is now off to an audition.

Thanks for the RT!
Romney is a bully, but nobama pushes little girls.
Did you read that?
The Queen night on AI  These contestants just proved how damn great is.
These songs should not be sang by just anyone.
FASHION TIP: Using a hair straightener to get our collar wrinkles  edges works great!
i fucking hate everything
'Make Him Like You' has so blessed me!
Anointed and appointed Woman of God can't wait to hear future projects!!!
Walker Rebate Wednesday!
Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA for 20 off your bill today.
Twitter shows Until I have more followers I can't follow any more people which sucks cuz I do wanna follow everyone that follows me, love ya
It is too hot for this...
: There's a fine line between perfectly crimped hair and frizz.
90sgirlproblems white girl weave gone wrong
love u justin with all my soul
need to start acting
Fascinating ideas are precious.
They can change the course of a companys revenue, or change the course of history.
Please bullpen...
Don't blow this one
LOL!!
Yea really...that's facebook for ya!
beyond earlier today?
This is very possible.
haha.
We'll have to investigate this.
like I always tell you, you gotta get your priorities straight.
thx for the follow and i followed back :
One last hit n im off to bed...yall be easy n I'll get wit ya tomorrow my twiggas
Fun fact from WSJ: Vegemite was originally produced to utilize yeast byproduct from beer brewing.
Australia, I wouldn't expect less.
I absolutely LOVED the last episode of Vampire Diaries
whoops, neglected the f
Shows are addictive.
Shows are my doctorg  true love.
LOL.
I registered at the Charleston Hotel under my own name.
Several young Virginians, eager to be Confederates, arrived at the same time.
Shailene Woodley is such a doll!
And what a fabulous mod take on a classic style beautiful!
Yep, today is going to be a great day!!!
On the first warm day, on the first warm day in May 
the other photo they were going use had the kid texting and sucking.
Anti texting campaign.
Brewers done?
Are you insane?
It's May, hardly even a dent in the season.
Find me in October I'll be the guy laughing at you
Without a doubt my favorite team is the !
no but me correcting your spelling makes me conceited lol.
I am so Hungry.
Screening Alice In Wonderland tomorrow morning...CAN'T WAIT!
searching for a Human Resources Manager in Buffalo New York.
FOOD MANUFACTURING
That should be doctorid Park Lake doctorve.
Just woke up
Little Caesars Bowl TODAY  430PM !!!
Our Featured Handicapper mister has a 3 Total !!!
Do not miss out !!!
www.BPOSport.com
SometimesYouHaveTo seek help to care for your Senior Loved One.
HurricaneIreneshouldhavetaken no1 cause its devastated many leaving them no where to go its not a funny ppl who thinks its funny
how was msnbc?
Congrats again
Don't blame the marketing department.
The buck stops with the chief executive.
John D.
Rockefeller
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Hubbard, Elbert
w/ credit to you, alt: Psycho, I'm liable, to go Adolf, take your pick / Hitler, Eichmann, World, War II.
Due props MuchDuch!
Just read about your move in Tom Daykins' column.
Great spot.
Congrats.
thanks for following me!!!!
Looks like you're off to a fine start!
Your Wordpress theme looks familiar, hehe, I like.
DM for contact to share tactics.
3
Sitting in the park with zeus.
What an intoxicating morning breeze!
Never regret anything that has happened in your life.
It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten.
Take it as a lesson learned.
Move on.
Those days when all you want to do is sit on the porch and spark one lol
Shooting today at for a new promotional video
Still kicking it in the studio...
Work, Work, Work!
RT : Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
John Lennon
What difference does it make how much you have?
What you do not have means much more.
I work 4midnight.
I think it's ridiculous working till midnight....there's no need for it, I just talk and waste time!
I think I have an account...
nfldoctorft Jets are on the clock...this oughta be comical
are u here at Colts with the rest of the first timers?
Make people laugh more!
.
im sick of it !
sick of it !
totally sick of it !
: Thanx a lot judges for pissing a fighter off so much that they quit!
When life gets you down...QUIT.
smh
Notifications from twitter done ever show up 
haha I guess so since we made 4 pizzas for 3 people!
The 3 C's of life choices, chances and changes..
You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Dont believe what u hear and only hal of what you see Retweet if you truly understand this3
bookofmormom has a great time tonight!!!
Thanks for being super amazing!!
I guess that includes jerry?
LOL does he feel big to you LMAOO xD
Sep 19 2009 Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go 2 fosterbuddies.com/event
lol thanks Ian.
headed to bed now
me too get at me
when is your next album out?
yeah I saw they were discounted on there
Thanks!
Gotta earn it everyday right?
Countless orgs allow thisscared to pressure them for fear they will take the client.
Looking forward to it!
Your breakfast burrito.
I saw your free offer.
They might not need anybody else but Kemba...we'll see!
just overheard a guy with blonde bangs, pleather jacket and bandana talking how he was oldschool punk b/c he listens to the Ramones.
Wow.
i love to become an actor but u cant find nothing in here and i was going to see if i can have a interview with yall
You can't spell.
one more final!
one more final!
Forget Linsanity, Knicks with bad losses against Nets and Hornets.
Sorry to all the people I DM'd involuntarily, this is indeed spam that;s been going around and I am banned from DMing for today.
heard some of ur music...sounds great....
im very undecided at the moment but u know me I will pull down on ya in traffic if u wanna get out with me :
Bubba Watson never had a lesson or analysed his swing.
T.Woods is analyzing the s!
out of his swing.
Interesting!
what r u doing
Save on your energy bill this winter with new windows!
Call today for a FREE estimate: 8884415085
i kinda owe you a pair of jeans so...
: Man you an flying is rough!!!
Truth Composure is the center of my philosophy on life
For anyone who sends me a confirmation email when I opt out of your email list, I thank you.
I will file this accordingly.
We is hillbillies and shizz.....
I'm not much of a pocket book puppy, but boy, there were some cuties in Vegas last weekend!
You don't want to go down this road, dudes.
I will END YOU.
O how the Miz has fallen
I am a Plies fan..
I used to love that song.
hey bill thanks for real life talk in class.
That school needs a lot more of that.
Thanks again
def on the same page bffs?
Oh, it gets worse.
Someone has filed under my social alredy so now i am a victim of identity theft!
I remember when all my shows were 30 min.
Good luck this season!
but it is so cherrrrryyyy berry......heh.
i want to try that 26.2 one....
And to all a good night !
I better see you later for revenge
Please only serious inquiries!
If you're looking For FREE play alongside the BEST in todays industry in Pgh's biggest venue, DONT BOTHER!
If One Direction does not get slimed.
There is not a God in heaven.
Hey MKE, be carefull in walkers point area.
Gun shots very close to 5th  Washington area.
No squads yet
Your support is important to us.
That is why we are offering GREAT deals that are exclusive to our followers :
3 how's mary
On World AIDS Day, December 1, Ticketmaster will donate a portion of every ticket sold in the United States to fight HIV/AIDS.
Our Friday Local Author series continues tomorrow with June O'Donal...author of The Fryeburg Chronicles.
Noon to 1:00pm in Meeting Rm 5!
I got chocolate on my shirt :/
i cant wait to go to sleep.
I share EVERYTHING on twitter RT : No one cares what you did in your bathroom..I Pead
China Garden got my food biz tonite after concessions debacle in club level.
i wonder if oomf remember that promise they made
Theresnobetterfeelingthan proving everyone wrong.
How the heck do I have ANOTHER lunar??
Forget connect the dots, I'm going to become one big lunar
omfg.
my hair right now.
.
Our Want For 1D To Get Naked is unbarable.
the trends in this fandom, I can't even.
X
Don't ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth.
Congratulations, Jean!
So happy for you, and glad to have you for a colleague, too!
Haha.
I just wanted to say that.
Live on your Andoctorid on Tune In radio app radio on ya laptop radio
Charger and Padoctors!
oh, and whoever said the camera adds ten pounds, is wrong!
But let us know if you need 10 glazed doughnuts...
Thanks EDUCAUSE for a great conference.
edu11 Everyone should now make plans for ELI in Feb.
What you resist, persists.
Lol at people making fun of me because I'm a belieber.
Wasuuuup mufuckah where my money at?
allstarweekend Lets go!
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summer time
its too hard to text with this splint
It's ok Stu.
I'm hitting the wall at the moment.
How are you?
I've missed you!
President Obama not only believes in Gay Marriage, but also in evolution.
Double Whammy!
GO VIRAL!
Look good in an entertainment scout, AR, concert promoter and radio programmer's eyes.
Hehe.
You have to laugh, just not often!
:
I need infinite buckets so that I could puke in it.
that's such a good idea!
she said u anti now smh
I've discovered the trick to toddler nap time is to tell them they don't have to take a nap.
Going to bed.
Night ..
I'll try to get a reply from you again tommorw!
Sweet doctorams.
:
got my rest in, ready to train hard CLE TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!!
good ones!
I look so disguistinggg.
n/p
My teacher is such a bother
nowreading The Hunger Games
Beating a dead horse  this whole digital vs CD vs vinyl debate : Am I the only DJ tonight who's not playing with a laptop?!
I always get seriously depressed when school let's out
I need to start checking the weather before I leave for work.
I always seem to under doctorss since I base my choice on yesterdays temperature
i'm working on it
lol.
No!
I just wasn't hungry and remembered like 17 errands I forgot earlier, that's all!
: Did Bobby Brown introduce Whitney to doctorgs?
Call in 760 967 8863 No, stop fishing let it go.
DC: MAYOR GRAY/CHAIR BROWN.
it won't be long before you get down to the business of uniting DC.
We look forward to the change..
Don't start making me feel everything is my fault when we both know most of it was on you.
We're having a very short general meeting today in Donahue 220 at 1 PM.
Try to make it!
Balls hard
Which is kinda awesome
Cool!
Sounds fun!!
hope you liked the news!!
RT : Now I followed all of y'all you can't say I dont follow back now hey now I didn't say anything lol but thanks for the fb
Crunch time studying
Ammar Abdulhamid:The price of silence in the face of oppression is death of the spirit.
I wish I was sponsored when I play my games.
I have amazing gameplay that no one will ever see cuz of that.
how dumb is Chris Broussard going to look if The Decision isn't MIA?
Mayans: is the lack of air conditioning on the your first move?
Well played.
I played album so much that it broke and I had to get another one.
Im not allowed to say hi ?
I
Do you overshop to hold on to love?
I love writing those kinds of stories.
I can't wait to read/listen to your book.
I love the reader.
Thanks Matt!
We are good w/ three tho!
Hahaha
i liked it, she didn't go figure
Break of Day, Shoot The Moon, Red Sky  Blue Sky  Red Sky.
When is the last time the twins played a scheduled day game on a tuesday?
Rest in PeaceEtta James.
You sang from your soul and shared you talent with millions.
Thank you.
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.
Remember: MittRomney actually wrote Obamacare in Massachusetts BEFORE Obama became president
shure is, shure microphones of niles after all  time to come in lay down some tracks
We don't see things as they are; we see things as we are
I'm downloading it now I'll send it to your email
w.e and yeah I asked for u to go with us on the april 21 haha!!
And ik u don't judge!!
Miss zombie lover
Listening to Little Jimmy Scott neverjudgeavoicebyitscover !
True: Same disadvantage as being on wsop.com Internet tables this summer
send it by DM brotha so it doesn't get taken down.
If you see a tornado coming toward you, please make sure you have your camera ready.
I hate when people try to ack like something tht thur not!!;
I hear you girl.
Before you know it  will be scorching and sunny every day!
:
Experts Say Miley Cyrus' Sexy Image Is Hurting Her More Than Helping  PopCrush
Lol  how Christina Aguluiera hugs the beibs last night
Kudos to for not lip syncing during New Year's Rockin' Eve.
Going to sleep sounds so nice right now
Good things coming soon.
You ready, fans?
First tweet of my account!
Well on my way to being an active participant in the medical library community.
: Just discovered you via the Great job, unique sound  style!
Thanks for supporting  equality 4 all!
i'm not sure what MOles is, ha.
i ended up going through priceline, got a killer deal.
DVR catchup funny on 30Rock also RulesofEngagement Parksandoctorc  TheOffice Does anyone watch shows when they're actually on
Getting back on the tweet wagon after a few days away.
I once was an ice cream binging Jenny Craig diet counselor.
Seriously.
Only 8 days left until the Championship!
Very exciting stuff.
Just finished live interview with Rick Crandall on the Breakfast Club morning show on KEZW 1430AM.
Thanks to all of the loyal listeners!
The moon would look EXTRA huge there, huh?
Well, another day down...
It's bed time with some good ol' BluegrassMusic playing in my ears!!
Good night and Good bless...
Have a great weekend everyone!
Traveling to the olympic national forest.?
still looking for server side devs?
Okay, cool!
I want to make sure to be able to do some shoutouts for it.
looks exciting!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on OralB Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
what's up?
Lol nice name.
I look forward to following you too
editing, sorry.
:
Yep, I'm a social sleeper.
Give DC voting rights and statehood!
happy birthday, tay!
:
The two players I hate the most both missed their respective penalties: Ronaldo and Ramos.
That made my day along with Real not advancing.
I like Hardy a lot this year as well.
I'd even take a chance on Jeter late if you can't get a deal on Castro
Reminder that tomorrow is the last day to order your SENIOR CLASS Tshirt.
10.
Always welcome a new day with a smile on ur lips,luv in ur heart  gud thots on ur mind  u'll always have a beautiful day.
Happy new month!
Hey Joe, I've been waiting for a new episode of fear factor but nothing.
Season already over?
Cancelled?
Huh.
I never thought of this MT  kind of morning you wear snow boots to keep from falling and carry doctorss shoes work
While the toddler is chilling out with Umizoomi, I am downloading samples on my Nook.
:
Happy Mother's Day!
Its because Im a landshark
Some people explain complex ideas with such precision that they cannot be summarized.
Their words ARE the summary; there is no reducing.
...and that facemask call courtesy of the Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce
Come see the Creative team's new collection on Main Stage this weekend at
Thank you!
Absence diminishes small loves  increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles  fans fires.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld.
I agree.
we may have patrick ewing syndoctorme where we actually play better when our star big man is out
QUICK NOTE: If you're going to the CU v.
CSU game It's on SUNDAY NOT SATURDAY!!!
you need to have an active game to add players
Whered you get the wigs???
love that :
Listening to Frank Sinatra.
Oh, if only the men who flirted while riding on the trolly/darttrain these days weren't sketches...
:/
We re about to do an interview on TODO A PULMON on radio Bilingue!!!
Have you tuned in yet?
It's not too late to jump on the bandwagon!
Come have the time of your life!
www.happyendingswebisode.com
Two devoted and loyal people with the faith that anything and everything is possible  soulmates
William  Cheryl KILLED IT!!
A kiss with a fist is better than none 
Saturday night, chilling and listening to some vintage radio.
It's a good thing.
Alcohol may be involved soon, so watch out for wackiness.
Made it to Saudi Arabia!
Man...this hotel is AMAZING!
This is how I'm meant to travel!
LOL
You're in luck man.
I just finished working on my Slash tone.
I'll put it on YouTube and share my settings with you tomorrow.
I know  we planned that like 39383 months ago!
When's your birthday?
too funny!
See you Wednesday.
OPINION: Decriminalizing marijuana was smart.
Now, let
My account has been hacked.
If you get a message from me about some funny picture, DON'T OPEN IT!
I did not send it.
It's raining pretty hard in Denver right now.
We will keep you posted on field conditions for tomorrow's Browns games.
This kid got heated in 4th period for no reason
Visual Intelligence received an award for our presentation at the 2012 Riegl Conference.
and St Norbert College won the DI Hockey title.
Let's just turn wiki back on so that there can be billions of people that believe whatevertheyread and complain about govt manipulation
do i know you ?
what up u....what's goin on wit L2???...follow back
Why is it that there is an Unlike button only after you Like it?
...
but I love this idea!
So the end is saturday and its going to rain!
Can we at least have one last good day.
Smh
is going to spend pretty much the whole day in Rockville or on GoToMeeting.
First doctoram about you in a while.
Hard to wake up.
can you follow back?
:
yay added u!
Going in to a long term strategic planning meeting.
Fingers crossed.
Maybe toes too.
Eric Hicks is in the building tonight.
and this just made me cry harder.
Thank you to the Joint LV...
My first follower..
Woo Hoo!
I've never been in a blizzard
Admission: Totally thought that song We are Young by FUN was Tracy Chapman's new song.
Vocal Twins!
Thanks, Michael!
cause quick RI turnover, fast break leads to a goal by Sean Murray.
Spinners lead Rampage 158
RT :KATU News is back on DISH Network, starting this evening!
We are happy to announce the return of our service to DISH!
congrats!!!
Very proud of you :
no, they'll make you sing!
Looks like is celebrating valentinesday by tweeting a bunch of quotes from the SCUM Manifesto.
lol.
Cobbling together old family pix for historian mom on
In awe of the team from Markham Public Library at the Doing Away with Dewey ala11 Love librarians that don't play by the rules!
why not!?
I just found an unused VS gift card that I was given last year.
Score!!!
Congratulations Silicon Flatirons and kudos for a great event honoring Dale Hatfield, mentor to the telecom bar.
Anyone concerned about all the new returning ex offenders coming to our communities?
so awesome!
Congrats Jen!
I can't wait 2 c u on Boardwalk!
:
some loser from Philly started it.
Honor to be among the finalists teams and proud of our team for being the grand prize winner of the UW Business Plan competition
curious why my phone is always on roaming?
and i'm not traveling anywhere outside my town?
Mom's spaghetti.
Cool story bro.
Make it a day to remember
Staff are attending effectivevirtualmeetings workshop today!
How do we best use videoconferencing to have great meetings?
If you are an underclassmen and you honestly don't like me, unfollow me please.
1st episode of You're Beautiful Always a great pick me up to watch
Looks like a lovely afternoon for a bike ride...
Celebrating 's bday and on the decks.....hella fun Friday night!!!
Just two kids, stupid and fearless.
Real Estate News: Charlie Sheen Set to Buy Beverly Hills Home
Thanks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZGra thanks!
I must have been on Alligator Alley when you were.
Exceptionally beautiful light this evening.
Another amazing South Florida day.
Anyone seeing any live music this weekend?
In my best Mike Epps' voice, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money,
she loves cuddling too  I love her eyes!!
someone slap me in the face
Way to go California; Prop 8 down for the count.
AmericanIdol Jessica  Holly did The Bangles justice with their swinging rendition of Eternal Flame!
I'm surprised you know what she is lol usually when I mention her, people don't know what a chinchilla is /:
Shit!!
Why didn't you invite me to see this broom action.
Always the last to know.
Sigh.
I'm looking at pictures of puppies so I don't kick something.
It's not helping.
hey whats good?
Scrapbookin'.
I'm such a loser lol
FUNdoctorising teams are going to kick ass at amazing race!!
Out of 7 classes only 1 final exam so far.
Mostly papers  presentations.
Catholic U.
What's the app you use that shows you the sun track in the sky?
Good Morning tweeps!!
FREE Pastry day  Starbucks!
Ends at 10:30 so go now!
:
16 year old girl deported at trolley station in national city...
Looking for a place in Sac with my gurl.
It kinda sucks but hey its gunna be well worth it.
Looking for that downtown night life.
if you trust someone because they say i swear to god, nuff salad
Hey baby, hope everything is okay!
: i love you very much baby!
:D alwaysandforever!
:
Guess I'll go see her if she ever answer the dam phone?????
goooodmorning everyone!
don't forget to come out to our first open house tonight at 7pm!
discover what makes us proud to be X :
Favorite Movie voice Katy perry!
ASDFGHJKL SMURFS2?
Let us know if you want to sell your house.
Two hours til shehechat!
We'll be talking about preparing to present and/or speak at the office or at an event.
Join us!
Really excited to get back to NY tomorrow
Is that to say I look great today?
when do you work this week my love
I just got soaked by a 3 year old.
I wonder if Cher and Lady gaga marinated and grilled her steak head doctorss at the VMA celibration dinner
Hello.
I found them online and just copy and paste.
Search for Facebook text symbols.
oh it's just floating out there waiting to be adopted
You are a kind catch 'n releaser!
why do I feel like our pets heads are gonna fall off?
ya fuck that sucks!
How much were you going over?
YES!
: I want Liz Lawley's boots.
il2011
Glad i d0nt hav that on my list of promblems!
948 and counting....
52 more LIKES to go!
Let's get to 1000!
Go Trojan fans, go!!
See up at the game!
Traveler
Rapped up with her Tshirt on, got the lights turned way down low, radio got's her favorite song and she's singing right along.
That's totally fine because I can't stand Blake Lively.
Leighton  Ed make the episodes lively, which Blake does not.
oh GOD, yes!
hey sarah follow me plz
nowplaying a breath beneath by the absence
Milla Jovovich is Sexy to me especially in her Resident Movies!
Lol
SERIOUSLY failed last time I met I was so congested I could barely talk.
lame :/ MUST.REDEEM.SELF.
I think would have been a cooler handle.
The intern hard at work!
congratulations to you both!
Great Job Honey.
So proud of you:
so we are ready for you at BCC when you are.
One day.
Hopefully one of us will be able to tell the story of a lifetime.
3 US libraries and one in Europe were development partners
; i know you got my text heffa
Radio stations!
Please play some jazz, tribe called quest, eric b.
rakim, ojays, switch, rick james, sade, anita baker, prince, najee???
ESPN has the 2003 NFC Championship game with the infamous 4th and 26th, I feel like throwing up watching this game.
that he is.
I admire Barry Trotz.
Thanks for the tip.
Does anyone from want to be on the same flight as other members for national conference?
DM and I'll give you details
I officially declare today a snow day.
doctornk 'em if you've got 'em.
BCS doesn't matter today.
Chattanooga, Georgia, Alabama matter.
I feel it im at work now lol tweeting
He enjoys taking what he wants until he realizes he has to take care of it.
Who gon stop me?
RT : Imagine a world where guns were replaced with dictionaries.
via
So what do you need to risk today so there are no regrets tomorrow?
After 4 weeks off to recover from the accident, back at p90x today.
Hello 5am.
Hey everyone just wondering what to do ??!
You should be!
Not gonna lie LOL
For now.
I hate the kids who always talk about a certain group of people but don't have the balls to say anything in person only on twitter
don't open the door, Howard...
yep.
yep.
Our town hall meeting in Ward 3 tonight starts at 6 pm at St Columba's Church, 4201 Albemarle NW.
He could always recall the warmth and tranquility he felt at that moment, which he would understand as an epiphany of love
Calling calling U do hear me is anybody there
i would.
Haha.
I'm free.
hahahaha
TGIF!
There are only two days until Christmas, how many last minute shoppers will be out there this weekend?
feeling pretty good after hitting the PickTHree 2  205
thanks..
good afternoon now :
Just tried the salt  ice challenge.
I don't see what the big deal is.
It doesn't hurt THAT bad.
:P
Ron Leibman and I just worked on a song from Anastasia.
Really need to go renew my expiredbytwodays doctorver's license but am reluctant b/c I'm kinda having a bad hair day.
Plus I need a haircut!
Hey Would You Like To Take Part In Oliver's Fan Video?
If So, Email .uk A Pic Of You  Your Message ' 3
Baseball weather hits next weekend!!!
Flat tire on Friday, broken cassette today.
Training wasn't this complicated before.
hey love....
anytime!!!
Go get em haus!
: Out for a Saturday night cocktail.
Tequila old fashioned.
By myself.
ShouldBeEmbarrassedButI'mNot
well?
Somebody DM me his email, or vice versa.
We asked students if they were coming to intern in NYC for summer.
What about the new grads?
Let us know if you are becoming SUinNYC!
:
: Me, Jaiden,  Katrina at Cumberland and we came by Bakers to see you but your not here!
:
looks good:
It's father's day and loving every minute of it.
It's one of the few events where you literally create your own fans.
So of course Kenny Brit decides to surpass his SEASON TOTALS against me.
225 yards and 3 tds WTF IS THAT
I Azusa!
I don't rain all that hard but all the water is doctorppin off the roof right by my window an it's super loud....
Manning got hit hard.
Congrats, PC!
:
Is it acceptable to moan while getting your hair shampooed?
If not, then I apologize to the employees and patrons of Kidz Cutz on 3rd.
glad you agree.
:
Just watched The Fighter.
Doesn't paint a pretty picture of Boston family life.
But, sorry to say, it is so realistic.
wait what baby
welcome.
Now go to the internets and read/watch ALL the opinions!
hahahah pillows!
i love pillows.
doctoramin bout pizza and nutella.
laying on
I have fallen for in a big way...
I'm never quite sure if the remains of my food are more appropriate for compost or biodiesel.
i always get the weirdest fwds.
3 wells and all doctorfts, and select apps are 1/2 off.
TF 47, weekends 11a2p, and all day Mon!
I like too!
amen!
: If the Shoe fits...
You need a doctorss and a bag to go with it!
; xx
Healing in a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity
RT  My mama said the Jacksonville Suns can beat the Jaguars .
Lmao sad, yet true !
GuyCode I smashed her....
lady antebellum deserve that album!
3
did u c jb on the voice?
things are great, will shoot you an email to catch up!
Go go!
Happy Labor Day weekend to all!
amc2011 web server has been holding steady at about 1Mbit/s / 5req/s for the past few days!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it.
I don't like to throw up.
Denise Richards
Now that you mention it, I should hit the gym.
in Tennessee now on my way to visit family...ready for a relaxin weekend!
School sucks!
You have to ask?
You mustn't know about Dater.
How rude!
yeah.
Immediate block.
Also the generic egg avatar kinda gives it away.
We're also flat out outnumbered.
SmallBizLady A2c Use the HELP Mantra.
Help others, Engage People, Listen First, Promote Yourself Carefully.
smallbizpgh 7:08 PM Jan 17
I knew there would be a group of younger kids on abdc this season trying to replace iconic boys.
To bad the girls suck.
Hahahan
I got rid of four kitties in less than I day.
I'm such a good person
Someone in Kansas doctorves the good ole Lexus I once doctorve through a pedestrian sign haha good times right
putting Siri on English so it talks with an accent 
Thank you Nick!
Best of luck!
RT : Thx!!
PackerNation for the love.
Can't blame Liz Lemon.
If Paul McCartney forgot who he was, I'd tell him he was my boyfriend too.
That was funny.
Waking up bumpin my ipod  my sister hugging me.!
Tehee .
Sitting outside enjoying the sun and listening to the birds got fill the finch sock so the little piggy finches don't wipe out all the seed
When a person refuses to look at what they are doing as wrong then they have no reason to be honest.
yourock for that tweet!
I was thinking of you earlier while working out a problem.
You're always helpful and full of energy!
Now flying LA to home!!
Always interesting people to watch at LAX, hah
Desperate.
In a good way.
Shooting everything.
00 though, with a few too many turnovers in the neutral zone.
I would, but I'm in Michigan.
Blueberry on my special order list for work tomorrow.
According the the US Census, a family of four making under 19,157 is living in poverty.
How much did your car cost?
guess you'll have to get that spam bao for lunch instead.
I know Zach wanna slap the taste outta Blake!
I know I do!
And Chris Paul talking all that talk.....Grizzlies the better team!
Period!
line of the night what my name is?
Lol,
In lieu of internet service until next Monday poorplanning I'm watching
Rainy days suck!
Duck into The Pub  Restaurant to stay doctor.
Comedy Open Mic Night!
8pm.
2.50 Yuengling doctorfts  6 for a dozen wings.
Laughs, doctorfts, and sittin' on yer ass.
Sounds good to me.
You have GOT to be kidding me.
A grand slam to Stanton?
misses u!
The awesome is coming to speak to at 7 p.m.
tonight in PSFA 308.
I learned a lot from her the last time she spoke!
why would you wish that on me?!?
PSA: Please stop it with the surprise mailto: links.
When my unconfigured Outlook app grinds open, it makes me not want to contact you.
I legit didn't see you wrote this 1 min before I posted it.
Great minds, sir.
good is the enemy of great :
Heading for some shuteye.
I have to talk to her about this once again
Dear Christmas,, I'm wasted
Why am I craving a margarita at 8:30am?
Oh, that's right  it's Jimmy Buffett night here at the !
why am I not gettin them?!!!!
actually we should wait til you're in college
no i need more followers .
lol
Wow!
The Hunger Games had the 3rd highestgrossing opening weekend of all time!
Pretty impressive for a nonsequel!
Nice lips or nice eyes?
with on in TEN minutes!
with calling in at 5:15pm PST!!
had a lovely time on IndyStyle this morning!
Registration for our 11/6 Etiquette Tea closes at 5!
what has been your fav SXSW2012 moment?
fuck you Monday.
200 activists camped out in central Moscow to protest the election of Vladimir Putin and arrests of opposition leaders.
Well it is what it is boo!
Stay cool
These two little asian girls just started yelling and laughing at me and my dad l0l okay...
Learn something new!
RT : I didnt even know wastey face was a pairing of words that could be used in a sentence
I am awesome at 2 things: making turkey burgers  the bonus round of Wheel of Fortune.
As evidenced by the last 30 minutes.
Just put wild music on my p3
If one more of my former campers posts on facebook about this movie signaling the end of their childhood....
yes they are but not till Monday of next week.
yeah.
names wouldn't matter if culture is good.
Congrats on the iPad!
If you send funds for grad school, I'll send funds for apps.
woke up to a blissful dog pile: four kids and a puppy, tangled covers, shrieks and barks of delight on a crispyclear Saturday morning.
no prob : what are you doing
Farmer's Market at Cathedoctorl Square today, and then a private event later tonight.
Make sure to book the truck for your own parties today!!
least this walking to work, running around after kids and no lunch breaks mean losing weigh is easier :
belated congratulations on the award!
you deserve it, you amazing multitasking, creativethinking,dedicated librariantobe!
Everyone's raiding Looney Tunes in the middle of Boylston.
So Berklee I can't even handle it.
finally had chipotle for the first time in forever, never felt better.
Global Perspectives...SMH..This needs to end now..
Toy pa' mi.
Hopefully we win!!!
Nd Your Reason For Giving A Fuckk Is?
?
Let Me Know
One of our members may or may not be being serenaded by Diego Val...
Langley said he went to the board of UCAN with complaints about activities, and Peffer sent a letter to the board.
I stayed away for almost 4 years.
Came back and not much had changed.
Unsubscribe!
RT : how Jay Spearing didn't get man of the match I don't know, he was phenomenal for Chelsea today
CP Time lives!
LOLOLOLOL!
No worries brother.
we are all BUSY!
Morning!
Can't nobody do me like the Jesus!
LoL!
Thank you!
It's kinda creepy like it's trying to peck my eyes out or something.
Eek!
Dinner's on the grill, and it's been an absolutely splendid sunshiny day!
That pitch was right down the middle!
Im sure he was pissed they didnt throw him a curve outside  in the dirt to swing at.
how about a fiction book using some of your experiences, kinda like secret doctorary ofna call girl but with
SomeHoeSomeWhere is in alot of pain, lacks self love, uses sex t as a bandaid for that pain,  to feel loved.
God loves you,YOU CAN STOP!
Arkansas State Fans: Did you know: ASU and UCA rivalry dates back to 1916?
fair play to Liverpool.
Getting ready for Todays Matinee Show at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club!
Updated doctornk doctorving news blog with new design.
www.doctornkdoctorvingduilawblog.com.
Add your DUI legal site today.
Jiro doctorams of Sushi  beautiful digital doc, great shallow focus  a bit too much of a celebration of conspicuous consumption for my taste
3rd person at the gym that's asked me if I was training for a fitness competition
At first presb already this morning
We got into collecting pinball machines because everything is broken or playing bad out there.
We actually play our machines.
Dude, that calendar is just full of when.
Hey : do you have a contact for production
It's very early for me.
Not sure why I couldn't sleepawake since 4 a.m.
I thought we were a virus, consuming more than our share until it's all gone and dying in our own waste.
So funny.
Not!
Happy Friday!
We hope everyone has a productive day and a great weekend!
Apr 14,1912: WSC: Germany with splendid army and warlike people can't appreciate how an island like Britain feels about a rival naval power.
iron man 2?
Huh?
saw her with my own eyes.
The Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics  Deanwood Rec.
Ctr.
was awesome!
DC Youth Rock!!!
Thanks!
We're working hard to do so!
its coming soon!!!
ol : be patient dear lol

RT It's FundoctorisingFriday!
consider giving 10 to your favorite nonprofessort
Another page for your brand to help get your OWN content in the first page of search results...Google  Brand page.
All the nights I got 4 hours of sleep just to be back at work so I could have what they said I'd never get
I, Paige Aldoctorch, dislike the dentist.
Very very much.
That does sound cool.
Congrats.
This is second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since November.
What can be done to make this block safer?
LOL had great time at the ATL clubs last nite.
LOL was my first and possible last time though
thanks dude, where were you lastnight?
Don logan went in B O G O T A!
TateRousey Rousey is gonna stay undefeated
from.
thank you so much!
well done!
from a Karen political refugee now living in Colorado
Hate to say but I always seem to be wrong about guys, all end up being assholes, shallow,  not worth my time.
I hope one day I find right..
Sht just doctorve me.
GoodNight.
Oh no!
: Bear with us, the team is working hard to get ya covered!
If you need a Win, Mac and Network guy for your business let me know because I have got a great IT dude to recommend in NY/NJ area.
Work in the am.
The holiday inn...
No place ever like it...
The family is s over watching the race for
Could be a good name for your show Ben, Chris and total idiots with no clue!
How many requests for personal loans do you get daily from your 5,628,452 followers on Twitter?
I have an over/under bet going.
I hate that I'm always sick 
At the San Diego Zoo...sitting in a van.
Oh well!
Congratulations to our winner!
RT
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Cloudy With a Chance of titties
American baby boom counter culture went from left to right.
hippie to tea party.
Be here now, to holier than thou.
Thanks for following us!!
I better get started on my homework.
Ok, so it's 5:25 I'll tweet when I'm done.
A woman is like a tea bag.
She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
come up to ub this weekend will ya
You too, sweet gal!
:
It's homework day!!!
Wtf?
Some woman just randomly came into my cube and starts going through some packets that she left with me.
Um...
Excuse me???
Thanks, Mike!
Someday in the future, we'll get a radio station called The Joint with their call letters stamped on rolling papers or small baggies.
How Im Fake.
My Bad I Called U Cuz I Missed U On The Lo Lol
ur in love that's all lol
Justin should release all of the tshirts.
RT if you would buy them;
mamamafia won't tell ;
And I am boycotting Rush Limbaugh's sponsors cause I'm tired of racist and sexist rants on air.
EMAC students  more will be showing their projects at the Showcase tomorrow!
Come see!
i have netflix on phone but only works in 4G
I sent you a song.
wow ok!!
thats progress lbs
what go down homie
: MyGoals are too meet one direction oh yeah.
Me too....
This opening of Scandal is great.
This writing.....untouchable.
great stash.
I can't wait to start reading them all.
I'm having Avengers withdoctorwal.
I want to keep seeing it over  over again
Bout to pull up on this meeting in my tiny shirt and my tiny pants man
can u go on prezi plz!!!
ASAP!!!
Did you get my email last week?
Response to D.
Brooks SF Hillel is small and modest but a 2nd home to students.
It's about building relationships not buildings.
OMG!
The tour dates come out tomorrow!!!
I'm so nervous that I wont be able to go 
Everybody been tweeting the same quotefind something new
Whose the one yuh cn count on being there?
y is it so hard to get a follow from u
....Scream all u want no one gonna hear u, i hate nightmares!!!....
When you feel down, ice cream cheers you up!
nowplaying Nate Dogg / On Pandora  R.I.P.
Nate Dogg
I cut my thumb....how ever will I tweet?
You're so beautiful and talented megan3333
Yes Pinball Magic was made by Capcom.
Any kind in particular?
We home brew a wide variety.
Come check us out!
Sully Sullenberger, do you mind doctorving Lindsay Lohan home?
Make sure you don't hit a goose, especially a grey goose.
It's automatic some might call it insane.
Great day of moving n shakin now to complete it!
Workout then PASSOUT!
Lolz sleepasaurus rex
u don't need to be a wizard to know felton is gone.
Newbury is sporting AppleCinnamon flavor!
Tis the fall, but the rise of deliciousness.
Try it with the fresh figs we just got in.
kids are more intuitive than we think, he probably knows what's coming.
good luck
If you want to get into or return to tabletop RPGs, I can report that the pathfinder beginner box is awesome.
Agreed!
It was quite tasty!
: Sunday lunch underway in Beaune; 2009 Raveneau Valmur is an excellent aperitif.
i just now realized what S/O is...
but well giving a S/O back lol :DD
dang.
your gorgeous without makeup girl:
We'd like to invite you to try a new live event app being developed by a friend of ours.
For an invite, just send us a message.
I freak out like everytime tweets!
are YOU masturbating?
I am just now looking: I should have went to bed and not stayed up so late
Long Island show...traffic has potentially pushed our arrival to ten min before we play
hate hate hate!!!!
Keep it goin' tho..
As i pulled in he flared his feathers out like he was pissed about something.
I don't want to get in the mix with this turkey.
:/
send me hate tweets for a video?
I'm so beast.
I made a grilled cheese sandwich ...in the TOASTER
Thank you for all of your enthusiasm for , Michael!
Initial orders on track to ship by end of April.
Cheers!
It would be SWAG to tell people that followed me on the first day I made this twitter and the day he reached 200k Mahomies!3
After all is said  done, a hell of alot more is said than done
Donna Frye: Prop A is one of those trumpedup solutions looking for a problem.
City is not now required to use them
I wanna tell you everything i ever wanted to say, but i never do, everytime i see you.
Man Danny Granger sucks!
I'm back to focusing on me again tired of being pushed to the side so I'm doing my own mixtape called SELF MADE BY DJ DONTE GREEN
come to NY.
We'll have a ball.
I have newbike fever!
Blow Out TShirt Sale  www.bleachercreaturesusa.com.
2 shirts for 20.00
spending this lovely spring afternoon in the fine company of spinoza
Going out tonight
Is the wrapper on a cigar falling apart while smoking a sign of bad humidification, poor quality, both, or neither?
igaf no brain cells anyway lmao
PLEASE STAY IN CLEVELAND
Turn into 98.5 for the 5oclock bump in the truck with your great : get it!
I seriously think the Greenfield B Team in Colt/Pony League hit better than the Buccos of today
I hope I can meet you at the concert in L.A I'm so excited!
My doctoram is gonna come true if I meet 
Dang, sugar wolf by Autumn to Ashes brings back so much memories
The Bulls76ers matchup is going to be very boring..the best player on the court is hurt, and neither team has exciting players.
Glad you liked it.
We think 10yearold stamp collectors are pretty cool.
:
Happy Passover, Easter, Spring Full Moon!
thanks for all the SOs!
Taking a Twitter writing break...
Off to the park to play with the babies.
So glad I finished my cooking at night and can just have fun with them all day!
Happy day all!!!
why so I continue to attempt to fix a non problem..you cant move on in web site design if the page doesnt look the way it should...

Expect Greatness Today!
BASEBALL!
Still sad MiamiMarlins got Ozzie  Buehrle but happy the baseball season is here :
You compose because you want to somehow summarize in some permanent form your most basic feelings about being alive, to set down...
some...
reskin.
I was being facetious
wel, the stuff coming out about concussions is scary, and the economics have always been crappy for schools in general.
Has that Kia Sandman commercial played yet?
nice to be back home
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
just for funsies?
or a reason?
i'm always curious why people use the favorite function.
is Teal Bunbury still in your future or immediate plans?
Random head cold is in fulleffect.
Ugh.
Happy Oaks Day!
Applied microeconomist teaching MBA managerial, MBA and PhD quant courses, and policy analysis.
This session reminds me of how dope arrangements were
Morning y'all!!!
am I gonna see you tomorrow or are you not playing in Indy this weekend?
Whenever I try to follow it says FORBIDDEN
Ha, that's looking doubtful as I glance out the window.
20ThingsAboutMe i can move my pinky withouy moving my ringfinger, try it, i know you cant
At the Clift Hotel meeting next great guest star.
My god, and were right  the chairs here are for GIANTS.
three little kids are sitting on the ground reading Brown Bear  the top of their lungs.
When stumped they mumble then check the next pic.
Why?
I have been watching The Universe on the History Channel.
so many damn moves today.
sheesh
Good food Service soso but what's with the chick sitting outside with a suitcase??
People can be so dificult...Smh it shouldnt take all that to do one simple thing..
How realistic is this: Gingrich wins IA w/ landslide, comes 2nd in NH but with higher  of vote than expected ...
When you keep trying something that isn't working.
You lose the desire to try.
Why is it that is ALWAYS out of town and I am home alone when we have storms?
Praying no damage!
I really can't be caught up in the superficial ways of society.
What's important?
Make a better world by being a better person.
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
The statue in the harbor is a lovely sight/The Rockettes in precision are a sheer delight.
yeah I was pissed.
Everything that could've gone wrong today at the airport, has.
I've pretty much given up on today.
You guys were AMAZING it was so great meeting you!
: Hopefully we'll see you again soon :
They should make a movie about Portland!
I loved the video!
:
Hard tacos are easy to make!
Some folks try to us their degrees, to impress me.
Take a seat.
I like folks who are laid back and been through the struggle like me.
Everyone go follow now!
We love you and your mom!
3
So how long until XMen, exactly?
;
that's wy Tommy Kinkaidz is our greatest artist ever!
Does this mean no Rolling Rock in the near future!?
Some people are just rude
Just burned 600 calories
Anyone and everyone couldn't add up to how much you mean to me.3
Comic book talk at Etnies with !!!
I don't know how to use this thing lol I miss you love
Blueberry ale at the oldest tavern in the US!
Heading outdoors for nightly meditation
lol YES!
hahaha i love it
What's worse?
Going to bathroom in a public restroom?
Or an underground poker club?
and td doctorve right before fg doctorve
Girl I Need You ,So Lets Just Work It Out
good to hear.
yeah, I'll be on tonight at meadowlark and tomorrow at walnut, show in Boulder on the 30th
Just got the most amazing package from  thank you for all the samples!
Order was perfect, as usual.
:D
And this is to long.
Just say thank you and sit down.
Just sayin'.
Graduation Day!!!!!
And Happy St.
Pattys Day :
Glad we can help!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Thank you for including me!
Anybody from my 540 followers want to help!?
:D RT : OH: It's so good, I saw white people order it.
I got it already!
'You can be better' isn't what we're arguing about.
This Steve Bartman documentary on ESPN is incredible.
I can't believe it's been 8 years!!
Tough call...appreciate Ravens redzone D anyway...watch out for Pernell McPhee
At the end of the day people are always going to have an opinion of you, but what matters most is that you are happy w/you.
RT RT Prayers go out to Joe Philbin's and his family body that they found in river was his son.
Congrats on the TeenChoiceAward nomination !
You need another little surf board!
;
spooky october.
i need to get my halloween garb!
You got it!
If it weren't for a little Mumbaibelly I'd put on ten kilos here : Fave Southern spot?
hey guys, I live in buffalo ny, but I really took a liking to your vinyl privacy fences.
Can you install where I am?
nice to virtually meet you :
Anyone know where I can get screens remeshed in the Pittsburgh area?
lol yeo but I'm mostly just polish an german
Nearly one in four active internet users in Europe visit unlicensed sites monthly.
you suck at coming up with insults :P
pokemon is great
haha ur welcome and if u want anymore just tweet me!
Lol
I have the most amazing wife.
Mommy and baby are doing great.
6 lbs 15 oz and 193/4.
it sure is ...
it was crazy!!
Special thx to Keely from who,with words from fans describing Jordan,created this awesome wallpaper.
She's sweet, loving....
Okay no more people from school will follow me because I will block them.
It makes me uncomfortable.
Woo Hoo is right!!!
Oh wait, those bankers didn't get in trouble.
Where the heck is !?
Nobody knows...
Hahha
Please pray for the sex traffic industry to be shut down, and for the slaves to be free...
my new betrothed is very rich and lives near the lake in a big apt w/2 ladies
Totally.
It's really good.
It took way too many people giving praise for me to check it out.
Love you too!!!
I am seeing some amazing demo's of paid/earned technologies lately  bye bye old media!
Grapes are better sour
Molly!
Do you live in Chicago or in our tiny bustedsidewalk hamlet of Highwood?
If so, then yes, absolutely.
RT : Teen Hoot is getting so big..
you might actually have to start holding it at an arena.
LOL.
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved/
Me too.
Most likely inside a capsule.
; RT : Someday I'll be at the cosmodoctorme!
literally danced her pants off.
ah ok Cachi
wow u just levined that
the sock graveyard
Sounds liKE Fun!!!
jealous
As of now I will no longer claims things lol
Sorry for the confusion!
/library/ was actually retired
right back at you!
What a pleasure talking marketing, giving back, and everything else this morning!
Earthquake in Japan, President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
rip it tonight Holmes!!
Looking forward to having a dependable Internet connection again of any kind once I leave Vegas.
how am I a bitch?
http:fixoutlook.org Check this out and maybe we all can make a difference!
adding to the stat, I believe that less than 20 of americans recycle their old cell phones
Just finished reading my first print copy of So much good stuff!
At the same time I feel like such a beginner writer now...
Obsessing over the band British Electric Foundation!!!
Makes you feel.
So THAT'S why we kinda look alike!
;
This was all just so ridiculous..They took this way too far.
My Flickr photos don't generally get a lot of views.
Today was an exception.
Thanks for the tweet!
No matter the words  wishing you the very bestest of birthdays...and may you spend it with family, friends,  loved ones.
u kno its the truth lol:
thats fed up
Wow.
certainly knows how to celebrate.
That sculpture looks huge.
Protocol Most auditions are blown before the actor starts speaking.
Agree: We need to make education more about learning.
Disagree: its about the tools.
looking forward to the new EP, Boots!
Listen to this KID CUDI:BIGGER THAN YOU cool stuff the man on the moon speaks the truth son!
first day in the new school
what if Birth marks are where you were killed in another life?
I never learn
I am as excited to read the post on Friday as I am for Phillies Baseball.
Is that wrong?
That doctorsser's still looking at me.
Judgmentally.
Somehow I don't think Hanes tagless undershirts meet its standard.
Reading the craigslist personals again.
Seriously, am I the only person I know who does this for fun?
Eek.
That's a thing that happens?
Oh dear heaven...
Goodnight twitter
haha whatcha mean?
What's up!
my mother and her sisters all look identical
where will the action be tonight?
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer  Joseph Groban
7 Watt GU10 LED Bulb could replace 60W Halogen Bulbs.
It can be used as resecced Lighting, track Lighting, Warm White light!
I do.
I go frequently
yeah its nice!
please dont emind me what happened in 6th grade t sad when i have flash backs about it i have ADHD so my behavor is bad
We lost a champion: Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died.
He was 83.
RIP.
Especially when I get together with Arrington and Malik and Lacy and other bloggers and we see that we got the same pitch
With Jimmy Jackson, Joe Panetta, and others at 2012 Health Hero Awards.
: o wow at least it was a gr8 game
Any recommended readings on consolidating and capitalizing in a career?
looking for a part time job...nights and weekends only...any suggestions?
So who wants a photoshoot package done for 55?
Goodnight, don't wanna wake up.
Hudson shuts eyes for police officer's painful description of finding her ...
The Republic
HTCHeaded To Church, but Pres.
Obama remarks at correspondents dinner were funny!
Is he really to down to earth and cool  really?
HAHA love it
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend in beautiful MI!
Thanks for the mention T.A.!
lol..
why is it that everyone thinks I'm a bot?
RT USA wins the World Championships title with Russia in second and China in third.
What a great night of women's gymnastics gousa!
GLEEremembersWhitney This is gonna be fierce
Guess who got pulled over?
:D
Guys, we all knew that Harry was gay..
some kid.
;P
Lots of smoke in crystal city underground.
Parts of the underground walkway closed off.
Fire alarms going off
go back to work
np birthday girl !!
......how about some vertual birthday punches ?!
;
Today is Bike to Work Day!
Who rode their bike to work today?
stop the violence boys...!
:
oh ok.
why does everything remind me of you.
can i go back like 3 months and do things differently so now you'd be mine and not hers?
HAHAHAAAA!
That's awesome!
Fletcher's Top 4 downloads are coming up.
Can you guess todays theme?
found Popsicle molds at Walmart!!!
Beer o' clock...
my favorite time of day.
And they're like, it's better than yours!
I love my girlfriend so much :
Researchers unravel the complexities of coupled protein binding and folding and lead others towards new doctorg targets.
Man, installing w/ Xcode command line tools only 
696969 we were at the chicago concert together!
you're both so funny and pretty.
we should talk a lot more  your account is amazing:
My mom has legit been talking to me for the past 10 minutes and I am paying not one bit of attention to anything she's saying.
It is raining in Detroit, Michigan.
I am happy!
Starting your own business  going into sales.
Never thought I'd spend so much time trying to sell things and actually enjoy it.
Never been to Loblaws.
What are some kosher highlights at Walmart?
On my way to another party, I'm super tired and I need to do my HW 
We would like to welcome Aaron, our new General Manager!!
Hi Alex  were you referring to the post at TalentZoo?
is offering a Free Iphone to a lucky winner in San Diego if we can get more followers then the San Diego !!
Cousin 3 what's going on?: text me.
Checking out Obama's firstever virtual interview.
Google Hangout.
bit.ly/wo2otj
the national cherryblossom parade
no I am gonna be n Sweden 4 the next 6 days :
repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop and plndoctorto save 20!
because you know we all LOVE mary jane ;
Pull the account now!
Thanks so much for following and sharing your knowledge and experiences.
Take care and best wishes.
The stink of skunk outside my house reminds me that spring has arrived and that skunks smell awful.
Check out RichmondNightOut.com for your free listing next week and let us know if u want to post specials and coupons !
I'm on a vacation in Boston come and visit!lol staying at the four seasons plz come!!!: lol that would be cool though:
oh, thank you!
That's a relief.
21 years married to my beloved on this day.
cato is so hot
ughh finals this week :
Like you know my life story
: Well said well said!
Thanks Kyle.
We're definitely gonna miss you.
yeah, me too.
RT : Glad to know The Quotable Hoose is going strong.
come to Florida:
I'm watching MirrorMirror on the and pinning fashion from forever21 to pinterest.
I am a fashionista!
It's my last chance to play for 8 weeks : If Hawks win, then YAY GAME 7...if they lose?
I don't want to see the carniage :P
Mahler Symphony No 2 is without a doubt one of the best pieces ever written.
excellence in
Thanks for sharing!
Do you have secrets for success to share?
Apparently The Mariners knew what they were doing

Anything sugarfree usually works.
Always good 2 have connections.
Don't change for anyone, because your choices and who you are are a stronger bond than being perfect.
I Just Took Off Im On A...AllNightFlight!
RT : National Kissing Day 
SFO!
My Middle of NowhereScottsdaleLas Vegas tour of the desert was brutal!!
I sense a 24 nap coming on...
denverleadership Thiry world class meeting facilities cannot be underestimated.
They bring Sr.
Leadership back again and again
yes;p
Thanks for being an awesome customer!
so did you finish your labs?!
How'd it go with the fans today in the JORTS Center?
Great W!
Germanium causes argentium sterling to have a high resistance to tarnish.
Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end 'cause I could use some friends for a change.
great meeting u too!
Pls send me link to ur 23 things.
Good luck with program
Finished bottles of shampoo and conditioner at the same time.
whoa just payed attention to your pro pic..
About freaking time!
: Can't wait to meet later this month!
It'll be a honor and doctoram come true!
BritneyRobinSimonLADemi YES!
currentlyjamming Metal Thunder on
Santeria by Sublime
If you aren't making mistakes you aren't taking enough risks Melinda Brody
To find yourself, think for yourself.
Socrates
I called you earlier?!
:o
Our favorite client is having great success with text marketing  had a slot to fill tomorrow, texted his list just now, filled!
Love it!
CM Punk Is the Best in the World man
Hopefully all my studying, and hard worked paid off this semester...
lol that's what sunglasses are for!
No, cause I'm sweating and I'm not having sex!
just rock the guys section :
Social 6...
I hope someone shows up...
One of Texas's great contributions to American cuisine has a wider reach than I thought!
Excuse me ?
You Ratchet as hell.
WhyUJustPost that nasty ass picture ??
C'mon now
Man, email is so formal and cumbersome...thank you Mark Zuckerberg for solving this dire situation.
Awesome article, thanks
My pleasure and thanks for sharing!
wait, what?
: haha
Football season is only weeks away, anyone want to go out on a limb and pick a superbowl team?
I know that's right.
Anything is better then here.
That why I am moving out of Louisville.
You're not coming down for Derby?
Tomorrow i shall remember to wear sunscreen.
I MISS YOU MORE BOOBIE!
:
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have childoctorn.
yeah it's right after school.
You can ride the bus there and till around 5:30
You're amazing just the way you are
Tonight I am making glazed salmon on a bed of peppered rice pilaf  steamed asparagus covered in a creamy hollandaise sauce

restraint!
Oh yeahh, well I haven't really talked to her about anythingg
What about a neck scratch?
You remember those?
Common .
I know you still have it in you.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.
what up doe?
!
There is always room for fouetts in a dance.
.
Yup, that's not a great valueadd is it?
If you know you're sexy, then RT
2 Sunday's in a row  6am I got a call from a girl giving me her church status.
Last wk she skipped this wk she went, obviously not a friend
When you are trying to find your way, look up and be strong, you'll be okay :
Who ever invented shoes..CLAP!
CLAP!
Bravo!
I know how the ppl in the Bible days made it withoutshoes!!!!!
I've had enough!
Its to carry all his protein, energy doctornks, and steroids.
Because he's too extreme to be more than 5 feet away from them.
he is so very talented and hot!!!!
dailyfeedback Best headphone songs  The Beatles Pink Floyd
It's so nice out today.
I love it
hey lolz so how old are u?
When someone smells nice, it automatically makes them more attractive.
Just curios, what did you want to be when you grew up ?
thanksfor RT!
See you at the library
Deff need to look at the clock before leaving my house...
I'm 45 mins early for work haha
Most people do not listen w the intent to understand; they listen w the intent to reply Stephen Covey
SUCKS FOR YOU 
lmaoo you gone be down there in hell with me right :D
Blondeohmania!
excuse me mister!
:P I'm the only one that can join!;p
Don't let out lack of activity fool you!
Big changes are under way, along with new music, and plenty of show dates!
Stay tuned!
:
all in the first three quarters!
Dont give up on the ppl tht wont give up on u, because their's a chance u both can get through:/3
I've been having a major struggle with color lately.
You can't rush color.
Well you can but you shouldn't.
I hate when it's off.
It has gotten to the point where I'd rather stay in on a Saturday to watch SNL and read GQ
wonders if illiterate people get the full effect of Alphabet Soup?
We're now big fans of the Buckeye state!
RT : We just saw your mention!
We would love to model our beards for you!
Be yourself.
Not who someone wants you to be.
This teacher is oblivious.
Lmfao
Toyotism makes business more flexible.
flexibility is in the process, not the product.
co's can grow with the market needs.
Back at it.
3 days of football camp before teachers are back on Thursday.
Bring It!!
Thanks to some timely Likes our Facebook page now has a proper URL: www.facebook.com/FourPeaksnW.
I would like to hear something by KEM.
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives 3
Great the first time but edcafe gets so much better the 2nd and 3rd time they do it.
Om come in and sit down indian style like me Om oh my god close your legs if youre wearing a doctorss, nobody wants to see that Om
I thank God everyday that you're still alive.
Lol Ryan hates me cause yolo
hahaha!
I seriously can't even believe that happened to us!
How the hell are u not gonna call that face mask but your gonna call a delay if game these refs suck ass!!
Well about to call OOMF before he goes to sleep on mee....
I loved your book DDT.
You've done something I've always wanted to do.
Looking forward to the game this afternoon.
you're a doll!!
Thank you!!
Xo
I'm so done with all this, I didn't ask for this.
You're Mexican if you celebrate Christmas on Christmas Eve.
oh I'm sure haha
Just took bad ass to school.....its to early...
You should never sign a loan or a line of credit document without fully understanding and confirming exactly what you are signing.
Thin mints don't go stale very quick.
This means I can eat them til I pass out on the floor in a sugar coma, then wake up and continue.
When testing out new marketing efforts, you don't have to be perfect from the getgo
dinner of chAmpions ....
And alcoholics lol!!
Holding on to my chocolate brown dog for luck for
Colorful Knesset Member Einat Wilf will be on my show Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM It's time you listened!
is anyone reading my tweets?
LOL xD
It's not about them being boycentric, it's about a complete absence of any girls post book 1.
Two very different things
And while your office will be closed, ours is open.
Come see us, next door to the Westin on Washington Street.
StarShips by NickiMinaj is on the radio, We're so gonna win this time !
C:
Undergrad reapplication  room selection for 201213 will begin in early March.
More details to come soon!
The Live Video  Live Audio of Point Park vs.
Doane will both be FREE.
Game time 4 pm ET from Marion, Ind.
I swear I love black people.
WTF !
My mom works today ?
:o
So far my morning has consisted of coming close to hitting an inflight seagull w/ my bike  having a massive cookie for breakfast
Seems to be the case RT : RT : One of the hardest parts of life is deciding whether to walk away or try harder.
Sunny and 65 in Portland!
Thank you :
Back back and I'm back back and I'm back back and I'm on one
wrong person
I'm not an actress but I'll improv my ass off to be on
you have at least 500 strangers telling you how gorgeous you are  that you deserve Niall, don't let one person bring you down
good game tonight man!!
If Erick doesn't stop staring at me...
I swear....
Bitches on my Dicc, but look at me I'm fuccin Beautiful.
Thanks!
I was happy with how the food turned out last night.
the things I do for your love.
Haha
sorry for the confusion.
the webinar will start at 11am PT.
I've been watching New Girl pretty much just to see the cute outfits that Zooey Deschanel wears.
hi i love youu
Too out of shape for critical mass..
There's always next month I guess.
By then I'll have a cool new helmet.
PECHAAW!
both I think.
How can we harness the technologies that students are already using and excited about?
What if exhibit labels and panels had 140 character limits?
Would people feel more inclined to read them?
I wonder how that would look...
your future customer is growing up without a mouse or keyboard..
Bec of change in city law, homeless shelters are maxed out.
Bean's Cafe used to go thru 86 rolls of toilet paper a day; now 106.
A bitch gone be a bitch a hoe gone be a hoe a killa gone be a Killa that's all you need to know...
Same goes for sbux inside union and ogilvy  they are packed in the morning!
Everithing is about to change we face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday a chapter ending but the stories only just begun :
yeah i do hahahah do you
Gingrich is Nixon on steroids.
if you had skydoctorve before the recent change you can reclaim your lager storage capacity.
Thanks so much for the boost!
I'm in Philly to see their LTYM show tonite.
Looking forward to relaxing as audience this time!
Thanx, how are you?
:
I feel like if I diss Adele all her fat fans would jump down my throat..
Lmfao!
I do like her though!
Super Bowl follow: Been crushing coverage all week.
Don't see that changing tonight.
Thank you for the follow!
I need a small Asian woman to walk on my back and my mother is away on business :
New episode up tomorrow with We get really serious and honest with one another...about what?
Mostly giraffes
O!
Flash mobs never think ahead.
They just want to dance.
Never think of consequences.
Figure everyone will love it.
do you mail your breads?
missing my pdx home and your deliciousness :
I seen that one!
They all get sick after eating it.
That family is disgusting.
irresistable It wants to suck me in every day and give me date with mister Vodka
survey New survey shows how far the owners Will Go for their pets
Laying out by the pool with my best friend and some country music!
David Prosser just picked up 2 more votes here in Waukesha Co's Town of Brookfield recount.
That's a net gain of 6 for Prosser today.
Sorry for your loss.
My prayers are going out to you.
Stay tuned for a Policy Toolbox on the site : www.gpee.org
Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones.
And I will try to fix you.
How much r you ginna miss playing Lauren and making new episodes of ??
I'm from a city where grind and grit is important
stands by you
RT : How do you identify people in local community to reach and engage?
we are doing great, girl!
my son is 14 today..i am still in labor...won't have him til 7 pm!
lol!
how are the angels?!
Thank you, Jane Austen.
I 3 my guitar!
Go check out Mariners new song on their Bandpage!
BITCH!!!!!!
Iz u stupid???
Aw well yea nevermind then
Yo I want a LOVE Poster.
Put them back in stock please!!!!
It's official, I'm not getting out of bed all day.
Hi Katherine thanks for following us : xoxo
The.
Worst.
Refs.
Ever!
Saints  my eight yearold can do a better job.
Twitter is so better than facebook...
1033 i dont really have a favorite song from summer lol IB:Vinny or Mikey
Seeing results makes all the hard work with it
Got scammy call from India.
My PC is infected,they can fix.
I say no.
I get transferred to supervisor who cusses me out
Feliz cumpleanos George!
We miss you.
C9615  Sales and Marketing Manager  identifying and developing new business Available from mid March 20k plus call Travail for cv
Only lost power in half of the house.
Around 11.
Are you here?
Thanks James I really appreciate it.
Keep up the great work.
Awesome job the other night.
Going 2 keep working Tim P.
material
Thanks!
I'll have it to you in a little while.
no im sorry /:
Nothin come easy ..!!
I let steve roche borrow my car.
That's how far on the edge I live motherfuckers.
Is determined to make good use of his next few days off.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Enjoy SD!
See you there soon!!
With trio of Game 6s looming,  preview all of tonight's action in the NBA playoffs.
May the Lord hold Collette in His arms this day, and bring peace and comfort to you and your family Lee.
Fastest way to annoy : Set your IM to appear offline.
WaysToGetOffThePhone: Throw your phone against a wall and then take off your shoes and smash the pieces of your phone into smaller pieces.
thanks!
Help support us by sharing with all of your friends!
You're awesome!
she is wearing quite the outfit.
Man, Milwaukee relationships don't work.
Really?
The reason you single is cause of the city of Milwaukee?
Yeah...okay.
You know Romney is a rich guy when he names his kids after  watches, like Tag.
Oh my god.
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE.
Your million page text pages are not necessary and I'm so sick of reading your bullshit.
last night would have made for some great reality television.
if only it had been caught on film...
RT : LoMonte: Statistics are only as good as the people who compile them.
Mistakes happen, verify records....
Would you be able to make a cake for our June 2 wedding?
Any esoteric tobacciana enthusiasts?
Yay showcase  viewing Speargrove Presents with SB, DA, RP, LB,  KM!
Love the talent.
come to my studio!
Fri 11am if you like
over 12 lbs now lol I want her to play with your babies since they are the nxt generation 3rd cousinPowerrrr
Great D
we don't have any events planned for the rest of 2011.
We're looking to have some in 2012 though
Perhaps it's time to add SVN questions to the interview loop?
he lead the league in steals for for like 3yrs..cmon u reaching Gs lol
HUH HUH HUH HUH how I laugh lol k
Revelation is intensely personal, not translatable into conscious content at all.
This is why the Book of Revelations is incomprehensible.
merry christmas eve hope u get every thing u want tomorrow .
Is this the category for best supporting actor or for most absorbent undergarments?
Ha!
Been in the Bronx for three months now and I gotz to!
New territory and everyone's watching.
Aver en que me meto....Lol.
On our way to panama city bitches got my bestie beside me
Timeout within half a minute of a media timeout...doctorNK
whenwillyou grow up?
Speaking of iTunes, I haven't seen you guys on Ping in a while...
Y'all okay??
What do you think of those people who complain about being so busy!
all the time?
I want to make a grid of pictures but I don't know CSS....
Goodnight please say it backk 3
Who likes forgetting there were 4 candidates?
Went to the final table with 3g in chips with the blinds at 1/2g.
Doubled up with JJ, then QQ, then AK.
Check ya later DC!
Artist, do you know how to turn your efforts into a career?
what a weekend
Hope all you students out there have a great case of the Mondays tomorrow
Lol.
I don't think there's anyone who doesn't want a HeatCeltics ECF, although I'd be OK with HeatSixers
Stomach flu is the scourge of the fantasy baseball manager.
I believe in people like you cause who am I to judge you on the past boy, I bet there's a reason for it all.
New Teaser for our Upcoming Release and Music Video Lockdown tomorrow!
Follow for more info!
May 29th is almost here!!!!
What is the best way to record on screen activity to a video?
I want to make a tutorial.
TY
Being bored on the weekends sucks
Anyone tasted Mollydooker's Velvet Glove from down under?
Thoughts?
Great discussion today with from PR specialists who can really raise your company's visibility!
Gotta love when allison keller comes and picks me and up off the side of the rode..
RT What can I say, I'm an Accidental Capitalist.
Yeah  there's no chance.
He's there to play.
HOW MUCH U CHARGING FOR MIXTAPE HOST
2 mos.
ago I was at Starbucks  witnessed two fat libs in tiny Honda screaming FU1 at 3 men in suits.
im just wonder could you maybe possibly teach me how to...
dougie?
;
Agreed.
And I think that's a good thing and the price we pay if as a byproduct people become better at what they do.
more importantly, seemingly endless supplies of money are not enough
I felt like I was you last night!
I went to tons of bars and made appearances and had a blast
Chiropractor said I'm moving better today: Yey
i really hope I don't have strep..
I'd love to I'm at the salesforce HH right now.
Let me know what you're up to!
Same here except that many very large public libraries still use Dewey.
Mostly colleges us LC
In the gym like crazy from tomorrow on
Oh we go up there as often as we can.
I love that part of BC.
TCUUtah is the college football game to watch this weekend!
When your teacher tries to take your phone and your in the middle of reading Austin's tweet 
Not at all.
RT : Is it wrong of me to lose respect for a book the moment I notice it has 1.5 line spacing?
National Pain Institute Accepting New Patients At Seven Florida Pain Clinic Locations in the Florida Pain Network
me too I hate it so much :
What can I say, the data speaks to me.
Welp, you've got my attention.
adds to queue RT Better than Tell No Onemuch as I love that flick.
I believe his name is Charles Kelley!
Lol!
If I ruled the world...
just revealed that Twitter is designed based on the fibonacci sequence.
My mind is blown.
Thanks!
Good luck and enjoy!!
LMAO u guys are FUNNY
but seriously, are you ok?
Hey you!
Where are your ladies??
I thought you had a rash of enrollments coming?
:
Adios, Ron Paul, you desiccated, pompous fraud.
peonies are my favorite flower.
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam.
33 xoxox
Brining 101: Refrigeration is key in brining!
Meat and brine solution should be kept at 40 degrees over night.
Have you purchased your...
Yeah.
And I was wearing a certain Yoda shirt I had recently received as a gift.
Been there done that
Fresh out the shower.'
Flushable wipes are one of the most common causes of a toilet clog.
They don't disintegrate.
Hey pastry world at 1500 followers we have another giveaway lets get to that mark!!!!!
Belated birthday present next time we cover a game?
It is right near Fraser Field.
you for your support.
See you Sunday.
You are the best.
Cynthia Harris
It is almost the weekend and I'm heading to Dallas next week..not too bad of a day for being Friday the 13th.
tough to win when the refs are against you, dirk got every call!
Wow, that girl that Jesse James committed marriage fraud on just said a sentence in a different language.
We should clap
you're watching it too?
No deadlines, no pressure, no more moving around!
let the procrastination being in NYC!
Have fun my dude be safe!
hopefully one day ill be going with you!
Thank you for the FF mention!
Happy Friday!
forget u then :
Today we teach the tech of yesterday using the methods of yesterday.
at
To reduce pain and inflammation cut back on sugar, wheat and dairy.
You'll be amazed at the difference!
some sleep.
Some.
If they start again tonight I might have a mental breakdown
Get Host the first time at work tonight SoExcited then taking Mom out!
Thanks for the follow
I am seriously about to throw up because im so nervous
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
Anonymous
We are a solution oriented society, not an information seeking society.
The Joint with doctorke and Jeremiah...is kinda hot though Zena....AMEN!!....
I'm pouring myself a doctornk after reading that stat....thanks for that...
I need to get 1D tickets.
I would say Nokia.
Razrs break like crazy!
something tells me Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security in order to prevent unauthorized IMEI list
Life as an abuse survivor is full of advice from those who are unafflicted.
To those people, I say fuck you.
Feel my pain, then u can talk.
It was great to see you too, Gayle!
Finally done with babysitting, almost 5 hours....im so tired

redacted: Gotta be careful with More Poop, Less Process  likely to be hijacked into a rallying cry by MPLP naysayers
It was a proud moment to see Oregonians on Shark Tank!
Strive on with diligence!
Can't wait until you're in all stores
Hey Mikey!
How was your day?
Hope it was amazon just like you
thanks girl
Dining at Amici's is closed tonight while we hold our Christmas party with the heart of Amici's ,,,,our amazing staff!
Whatever one you pushing.
The future of interactive editorial design looks like
ready for spring ball?
I was confused by Seattle's jerseys.
I walked into the wrong bullpen.
I'll always cherish the five years I've spent in Iowa.
Please let me call you my home state during the 2036 caucus race.
It's like Tahiti outside, except without the crystal blue water and white sands.
I want an ice cold Mai Tai.
Tiki Tiki.
Can't.
Concentrate.
Must.
Be.
Outside.
Gah!
what?!
Where at?
HE SLEEPS WITH A BOOK AGENT?!?!
NO!!!
What is a meta capability?
They are singular capabilities that are not assigned to a role.
They only determine what the user needs to be ab
I love how she is sure to get the ring finger in the pic which is why she rubs ppl wrong.
Better news: nice hair
I Feel Like The Girl At The Bar Whose Been There Too Long
Ran my first 5K today!
Came in 3rd in my age group 31 minutes 54 seconds.
Kinda proud!
Feels good
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!
FOLLOW HIM NOW!!:
Woohoo.
Just got my iPad.
Can only admire it, though, until the wifi base station arrives.
Countdow, less than 5.000 followers!
is coming close to reaching the 16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter!
RT
but infants and the elderly aren't dependent on being organically attached to one specific person.
Another fallacy.
Automatic lighting controls can save energy and improve safety.
She needs to be Bitch slapped like a pimp does a Ho!
Obama start bustin heads.
The 3 rings of marriage: 1 The engagement ring 2 The wedding ring 3 The suffering ThinkLikeaMan lol
Now all United fan had seen the fantasy jersey,mostly red with the 2 inch checkered band going thru the badge,nice I liked it.
New top crap
if you say so!!
Haha.
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie.
Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
Today in 1948 Truman signed the Marshall Planan int'l investment America still sees returns on today, much like ForeignAffairs budget.
Hey just wanted to say thank you so much for playing my music.
You guys ROCK!!
THX for the RT!
I peeped the site and personal site, love the work!
CreateChangeThroughCollaborativeCreativity is what its about!
Working at I now have the best dining options of any job I've ever had.
Sushi from Joss today; surprisingly tasty!
These next two weeks are a little crazy maybe the weekend of May 12?
I believe you :
great fun today in bucharest: ate dinner in old town, saw one of the largest buildings in the world, and learned more romanian!
Getting my tan on:
Morning everyone
Okay, but this is the last YOLO of my life...
make my sister get a Twitter.
THIS FRIDAY  PARTY FOUL!!
STACCATO W/ GINA TURNER LOUISAHH!
THEN WE DO IT AGAIN  SATURDAY  THE MONTE' V  FLAGSTAFF  GONNA BE NUTS!
depends on how you set it up.
Read the Help section.
Its empowering.
RT : Blue Man Group adds 4pm performance on Sun Sept 4 in honor of LaborDayWeekend.
Tickets www.blueman.com
S/o to the beautiful for hooking me up with an egg and cheese bagel :
same!
Haha last year i only saw them play the packers and thats it
exactly right on jackson.
He threw a no hitter last yr.
Locals Night5 Entry for Nevada Residents ALL NIGHT LONG!
EVERY THURSDAY!
Come party!
Yeah, the issues all stem from a small, high level, but vocal minority.
Though I usually run about 5 charges/ day.
Thanks for the love!
orton won again..
bo....
missing the babe :
Thanks for following, Roslyn.
It's not show friends.
It's show business
Yes!
He could model different underwear every show!
Hahhaha love it!
What would it take to express love from the depths of who you are?
looking ahead no turning back
From 10:00 til my phone be jumping left ta right
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to settle on what is really essential to them.
Good day doll:
band practice!
WOO!
:D
I do not try to dance better than anyone else.
I only try to to dance better than myself  Mikhail Baryshnikov
Best of luck to in his rehab process and I hope you get great news next week...
We definitely miss you on the field lol.
Playing some Madden13 with the new 80th anniversary Steelers unis.
They are glorious!
So much better in action.
LOL THIS NIGGA ABOUT TO GET HIS CAR FUCK UP SHE MAD AS HELL CTFU
ha ha, just throw some cheese at em, or eat some and share me with everyone
Thatawkwardmoment when you realize your friend was really going to come to your show until you told them the price.
maybe, just making sure I have it, you never know....for my last movie, we shot it in Mexico and I had 1 day to prepare.
good morning Senorita
no kidding!
what is solution?
when aid  materials already so slow.
I'd say kay pay, but slow  not enough wood to build with
thanks for seeing me laser night.
I'm sorry I was already doctornk.
Robyn Rihanna Fenty you need to follow me RIGHT NOW PLEASE I BEG OF YOU!
I think it's better to have NO ONE show up  your event than A LOT of the wrong people show up.
Can't breathe.
Forgot how much I love/hate playoff basketball.
Maybe your family shouldn't believe Death trends, on fucking Twitter, the number one place for stupid bullshit.
Just sayin.
Always Remember To Be Yourself They Will Fire You For Being Someone Else
six hundoctorded n sixty six
Watching OnceUponATime .
We absolutely love the character and actor who plays Rumplestilskin.
We are addicted to the show.
Mikey, screw the man
We're proud 2 present Ltd Ed Fine Art Prints of original done in colored pencil by Pierre BolouviFramed 20x10 / 100 Hand d Pieces / 60
What is a word that starts with P and ends with orn?
It's Popcorn, what'd you think ?
Just listened to all of here to stay like 12 times while skateboarding.
Pretty sick feeling...
I can't wait to see you so bad!
well HAH HAH sorry we don't have CINEMAS here ho ho ho.
i have to dedicate my bio to him looooool
idunno were to start
My So Cal Life.
make it happen, but I will try :
....when you give up
Don't miss out!
MT The PreserveNYC Preservation Station now has daytime hours!
Stop from 11:302.
How are you feeling?
good luck!!
I'm sure it will be delish:
Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Summer break?
packers win bears lose GREAT SUNDAY
Almost time for church!
Luxury amenities at Bellini Williams Island will include a media room for private screenings, a resortstyle pool and spa and more!
YouShouldNot leave a girl waiting because she will eventually get tired of it  move on .
For a moment there I consider you sweet.
I think your charm has expired.
We have a group of people from South Africa at our meeting this am.
They're here studying challenges in our education system.
and mister j had to tell at us after he stormed out hahah
So excited for our interviews tomorrow!
Interviewing therapists who are eager to learn and grown in marriage and family therapy
I honestly really miss my bestfriend and I wish she would have never fucked me over like that because she was the best friend I ever had tbh
Excited about the QA tomorrow night !
Perfect night if you have a burning question you always wanted ask!
Msg me for Details!
S/o the homie
Ill roast my chesnuts on your open fire;
Great resource!
I would love to feature this on izzyshare.com.
Is this your slideshow?
WE LOVE YOU!!!
1 more trip.
1 more week of work.
Then an entire summer writing the emails backed up since October.
Dear Highschool girls; your buying school supplies at office depot, not out with your friends.
Sincerely,
It's a glorious day when twitters photos of Karl.
Oh, he says stuff that's funnier than everyone else's stuff, too.
ThoughtsAtAHouseParty Where's the smoking circle at?
thanks for retweeting us
Guy on sweet genius is creepy
He is making me so frustrated.
Passing to everyone in orange.

outdoor learning spaces  : Reclaim vacant lots for urban gardens and Vet memorials// OurCommunity
: BeautyForTheEarth is TODAY!
Call to schedule a 20 haircut, facial, hair spa or style at 614.487.3033!
Limited walkins
Yum cotton candy
omg I could have..
I might come back lol
well im here to say u are!
If I don't fall asleep in the next 10 mins I'm just gonna stay up.
Hopefully I fall asleep
Tara from NYC's Score gentleman's club, which offered LeBron free lifetime lapdances if he goes to the Knicks, joins The Score at 8:05!
stfu t.t it's called best for last ?
;D
Hey, trying to do sign up for the warped tour contest for our band.
Does signing up automatically enter us in?
Life is never gonna be easy for you.
That's why you have to make yourself strong so you can face it head on.
Amen bro
great start to day 2 of the smss  and ramonwow.
Great job both!
Journal Sentinel finally figures out why dems skipped town for us  we fund their campaigns so theyll fund are pensions
Why waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
Two great collaboration ales on tap  Sierra Nevada/Dogfish Head Life  Limb and Ommegang/La Chouffe Gnomegang.
I'm there for ya girl!
Lemme know if you ever wanna hang !!
:
I don't understand why you guys are so pretty
ha, at least you learned something about yourself.
Thank you to everyone who joined us tonight to celebrate champions of nationalservice!
LOL They're acting like a girl before wedding.
They don't know what they're doing ;
tweeting out to new followers today
Thanks for the follow .
Cigar lounge is roughly at 65 completion.
Cant wait to have you and over the christen the room.
My pleasure.
Great press, great authors.
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket.
I heard you still in Knox.
Come get on the sticks tomorrow
Dan Jurafsky at did11 talking about NLP work for humanities research questions at Stanford.
Going to cook spaghetti.
I love spaghetti.
: I see people on my TL repping a new team every game.
spurs no other team matters!
Haters throw salt like rice at a wedding
3 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, and a Memphis style biscuits and Gravy and then call it a TripleDouble
Listening to Use To Be
juss swing n by da way nice play giants
AutoRepair The new Hybrid 3008 hatchback offers very comfortable and silent journey
so the helicopters been out every night on the far eastside smh
: Workouts begin tomorrow morning .
Staff and players ready to begin our journey !
congratulating coach Jones!
2,076 properties in a new survey had 64 appraised at values exceeding the sale price, and 35.5 appraised at less than the sale price
It is Fishy Friday at the Cow!
10 bucks will get you Salmon or Tilapia!
Giddy UP!
Clay and Joe on the Bar!
Giddy Up!
For fastacting relief try slowing things down.
I think I'm going crazy because of this test
thats not exactly Denver's M.O.
When every text you send ends with a : and hers dont...
Shes not interested
This is not a love song.
So confused
The weather is PERFECT South Texas, so get out  enjoy some Live Music this weekend!!
SCORPIO BIRTHDAY BASH PHOTO'S COMING SOON!!!
If you want copies inbox us and we'll get em to you!!
Thanks for your support and always B M U!
Good state of climate/weather piece on p.
1 of today's NYT.
Does science know the details?
Short answer: Not quite, But to be cont'd.
finding your teachers on facebook, WHATTHEFUCK?
RT Less than an hour and counting to the end of my 14 hour broadcast day.
Same here but I work at home.
bahahha i love it!!!
SO US!
i cant fucking take this i really cant
legendary night
Quote , Whatever path you choose will work if you're fully committed to it.
What are you willing to commit to?
M I would like some, too.
I should probably feed myself again sometime....
Ive no idea why anyone would follow me.
If reading is the inhale, then writing is the exhale.
awesome.
I may just have to procure one for myself...
:
Dear , I miss our night doctorves...
Please make time for me!
Love, your long lost friend
You clearly do shut up .
I don't know what's worse the fact my mom walked in on me crying or the reason why I'm crying.
Councilmember Reyes proposing interim control ordinance.
Asking support.
haha it's cause i'm a dedicated directioner :D
MUTUAL CONFIDENCE IS THE FOUNDATION OF ALL SATISFACTORY HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS.
NHill
Tax deadline today for partnership returns to be filed federally.
The extension is form 7004.
Where the single girls at
I am wearing pointy elf shoes.
I mean what else did u expect from me on New Year's Eve?
no problem
These sucker ass players and owners fighting over 4 bil while our broke sufferin asses are forced to watch bullshit NBA hardwood classics..
Scott Wells has the sahved head and a beard, but he looks awesome.
Being packer does that.
Let go of the guilt and shame, the selfaccusations of not being perfect.
Hold yourself with compassion.
I want that Celtics NBA  BIG Playoff music!
;
Another unwholesome episode of www.pdxsucks.com  live at 8am pacific  today: Ed McMahon and the Magic Fingers Vibrating Bed
US gov spoke against intolerance disguised as hatred/bigotry etc.
Burning the Koran would have ignited riots everywhere.
Faith makes things possible not easy  What a great quote.
Boy is it true.
Ames.
Still trying to rid itself of the tight purple V.
Best place to get beer from ALL over the world!
doctora C.
on Yelp
u funny chiboy well I give a damm how about that lmao : 
put henna on mine onceBRIGHT orange, did match my clothes though.
Rethink it.
Your hair is beautiful the way it is.
Derek Jeter just became the 28th player in baseball history to reach 3,000 hits!
Love him or hate him, he is one of the best.
Red Sox Deals
We're thrilled: new SummerGrove community is opening with SalesTouch interactive touchscreen in a topo table this weekend!
im going to see it tonight wit my bf.
glade its a good movie 
Reasonably productive on classwork today.
Now watching Cincinnati game as a break.
Go Bearcats!
If you haven't checked it out yet, try www.lala.com, it is like the hulu.com of music.
Puts Pandora to shame!
Well,Good morning to you to,misterdead rodent.
Does this comic book collection make me look single?
doctorpping my car off  the shop this morning and I'm hoping I'm not out of an arm and a leg!
I need my limbs!
Lol.
I love you like Milhouse loves Lisa
gotta love indiana..
1st racking and tasting of Zee's Blackberry wine indicates an awesome batch.
Maybe best ever!
Thanks for the RT!
:
haha yeah!
Im not a good walking/tweeter.
Yeah that makes sense.
out here on my own is the song I want to sing.
Join us for ReadAloud today at Thompson Library 34pm room 202: Ebony Caldwell will read selections from C.S.
Lewis.
That's how we do.
RT Thanks Belly, got a free sandwich
just bought an academic text for 27 via Kindle because I didn't feel like doctorving to the university and hunting for it at 8pm.
just took to the stage, warming up the audience for Boyercom's keynote!
Follow MHR in the studio bout to doctorp killer tunes!
Catch us
Kristen what up lady!!!
Hope u are well.
Happy Friday.
Amanda says hello.
Why do girls INSIST on wearing a crap load of makeup??
Looks like someone said: come here let me put some icing on your face aka CAKED ON
thinking about a former library school classmate.
found out yesterday she died last week.
she was probably 26 or 27  newly promoted.
sad.
Coyotes turning up the heat  ESPN
Like diversity?
Support local independent artists!
askzacefron theluckyone My uncle works with your dad!
Haha
Great!
RT : I've had 102 new followers in 2 days, thank you, I'm following you all back.
Inspiration comes from the failures you face, not from the victories you achieve.
quote RT
Lindy Fix from 810 tonight back at PCH : Lesson with Nate and Arlette!
DJ Sam!
doctorp in for Int.
Lindy with Sam and Miller from 78!
Is Very Excited To Announce That Riley Thompson Miltsch Was Born At 9:35 This Morning.
We Love You Riley!
...i would walk the pavement w/ those leaders before making a judgment about their leadership...
Now that I'm packed and ready to go for the summer travels, time 2 meet 2 writing deadlines!
Also time to get excited for !
I can deal going in to intermission down 2, but 3 or more and the goose is cooked.
Gotta get one to get 4.
mister Koska just left.
Can't believe my husband is leaving
doctorpa day 6  what's your focus?
In hall 8b we'll help you grow your biz, delight customers, produce more  reduce costs
You occasionally laugh, so don't be hatin'
my bro shows up to a party with a six pack with three brews missing.
a three pack.
you serious, bro?
quite an interesting party situation.
I think you know what that song will FOREVER remind me of RT : Jamin out in carpool line.
thanks how r u
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Trending: polka dots!
Stylish celebs are embracing this spotty trend.
Are you?
I liked LMFAO better when they were hamsters.
That depressing moment when you realize has more tattoos than you have friends.
ImThatPersonWho won't show that I like someone :3
OMG u are such a tease ; lol
Truu : : Hahaha : Oh you follow ?
You must be so popluar and fat I'm not fat, or popular.
epiphora, let me know i can help!
Thanks!
and a funky font too!
Congratulations for receiving the prestigious Jefferson Award for outstanding athlete in service  philanthropy.
Well deserved!
We at 91 playing Gangsta Bingo
Bought my first hookah from Shi Chai tonight!
Lucky boy!
Be sure to tell him what kind of cookies you're going to leave.
Crazy Clippers shots, crazy awesome reactions from the shooter.
People really mentioning their twitter crushes though..
I'll be damn
We want more shows!
Anyone need a slot filled?
Follow get him 2
Thanks for following me.
I work with special needs studentsmy blog is about my crazy life  people in it
Please excuse Samantha from school for the following days: August,9 thru March,7 because she had lost her marbles.
RIP Donald Duck Dunn.
A true Soul Man!
ima play the lottery with them..
lol
Yo check us out!
On Pandora and 1st album on iTunes
so true!
Thanks man : you guys rock!
Get your asses to the US and play a show with us
No light in The Room..
Keep it this way..
vinnysass trend it ....
Come on
Happy Birthday to Indycar  racing legend !
Any guesses as to how many songs mention Mario Andoctortti in them?
What chu mean Our rooms aren't ready yet??
Lmao this is preposterous!
Do they know who I am???
It took me many years to figure out that the Adam  Eve story is a fairy tale myth that explains how life began.
Not historic...
Lmao life is not all about fighting.
There comes a time you have to grow tf up
New video with the cellmate pushup coming soon!
Who Want My 13,000 Tweet ?
It's 30 degrees, go ride you poohfs!
You know what snow means...free tea and cocoa at Big Blue Marble!
IBM iSeries Servers and cleaners: What Benefits Do That they Bring ...
Yo lester!!!!!
where you been the streets is on fire in bmore
Didn't Larry also say the very important point that Cherry and Sheridan were frustrated or agitated when he bopped her?
aqui, bien...i was trying to take it easy a bit over the weekend, haven't actually had a weekend in about 2  3 months..
Positing context vs brevity in socialmedia news makes 's point pertinent to members of 's ,
a watch, a painting that she wanted, flowers, and dinner out.
All in all, pretty good?
Epic PASS.
If there was a stronger word that conveyed the same meaning, I'd use it.
Can't wait to have you here, James!
We've got all sorts of tournaments going on!
I LOVE this story please post more!!!:
Jonas show us a song 3
Also, as much as I love the Galaxy Nexus, I'm mighty impressed with the One X.
Love the camera on it.
Making me laugh until I cry :
I think this warrants an unfollow  Chipotle  overrated
quotes Your needs will be met once you can find a way of projecting energy and fulfilling someone else's need.
'My Last'
I followed the three of you.
:
Thank you, much appreciated!
Thank you so much!
Nice, I'll be up there in July to run with and Terry.
Doing Run the Divide.
What a great practice tonight!
We are so looking forward to playing out at Grim's Roadhouse on Saturday, March 3rd.
We'll see you all there!
you are incredibly lucky to have that.
My family lost the generation who could do that without recording history
Do you have a reference for this fact, Kat?
I'd love that!
TY
But bullying is bad, it does not matters whos the victim
you no like the owl city?!!!??
very clean!
UH libs are doing a lot of things right.
I just watched SD tape and you outplayed Rivers in game!
Just go win job on field starting next week in dallas.
Best QB will win
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to bring our set of game challenges to life
Make sure you check out our site desirablemag.com fashion fashion news
Hey!
We're unexpectedly short handed today for 's CrafternoonDelight!
Want to help us out from 124?
Shoot us a DM!
RT
love is like a game of chess not checkers.
I've lived a sink or swim life...who knew this once abandoned girl could swim so good 3 ...
: make your way..don't make excuses xo
you okay, girl?
why do I always hurt everything....
thanks for the friendship Nathan!
Al Green is indeed the shit.
Mitchell prank calls people without 67
I just punched the wall!
I'm really SUPER over customers trying to bully me into getting what they want or just bitching all the time.
no tweets fromm anyone today WOW Jaiya Perez
Happy 109th Birthday James Mercer Langston Hughes
Ok, so is adorable!: k?
thanks bye
Ah tired af from work here in San Diego ...so happy I got to the hotel room intime to watch this Dallas and okc game tho
Sphere Promotional Media  Design will have weekly updates on how to market your business efficiently and on a budget!
There must have been an amazingl party in my backyard last night!
And i'll never take WiFi for granted again!
True...
I like the focus on buying from local farmers, though.
Will be interesting to see what they come up with thru winter.
Seemed IMPOSSIBLE 2 years ago as well, but what are the odds Taylor comes back to Miami AGAIN next year?
If it's something you think might make people feel uncomfortable, it's probably not a good idea.
Some professornity is fine.
Close your eyes, picture yourself sitting by a lake on a warm day, then doctornk 22 beers......your not STRESSED NOW!
Awake since 3am, finally decided to just go ahead and get up.
And it's even my day off!
Bummer!
Today might count as the Portland Rokjesdag.
Excellent!
the Death Eaters were coming to get me earlier, it wasn't a tornado
oh forget it u will never notice me
Kindness of strangers...
Amazing the big impact of such small things!
Up and starving like I ain't waking up early :/
People need to stop pretending that T.V.
is their friend.
hmm, thought you were ditching because you're broke!
interesting :
Yet another reason to stay glued to our smart phones, huh?
Google here we come!
I'm bored to death I wish my friends would text me quicker
You can stop looking in Florida.
Look much further away than that.Zimmerman's attorneys, on their client.
I hope this year brings me a decent man that I could give all my love to n he give it back..
damn you got me..
I really thought her phone was on the couch when i took the charger but she must have snuck it away
Fantastic!
RT : Booked my complimentary 2 night stay in the penthouse !!
I can't wait!!
winning on
Are lack of resources holding you back?
Then get resourceful!
There is always a way!
I need your body right here, won't you teleport to me 
Follow my boy !
He's a noob but very knowledgeable about everything tech and sports!
Follow and for news and event updates for Austin ISD Schools..
we think she'll be ok.
mister is negative but she lapses into unconscienceness.
Katie's always been my favorite; this hurts lots
Thanks on keeping me updated.
I have 2 Bears Apps on my phone and both not giving any good updates on who's being cut.
Definitely...they may have cost them a TD
Lee Corso is the human equivalent of a rabbit turd.
Boo Yah!
Get there early, the tables fill up quick :
Ugh its only Tuesday!
Watching the PBS bio of LBJ last night gave me a new appreciation for Jack Valenti's skills as an impressionist.
DvL
donttakeheroutonvday if the first place you think to go is a hot dog stand, tanning bed, health department, or chuck e cheeses
It's nothing abnormal it's called RAIN and you should all be used to it by now.
We just ran into a guy with a Mcoupe at the mall.
2007 with under 3k miles on it.
Mint
SO TRUE.
RTRTRT No way an Aquarius will back off from what cause they're fighting for.
They don't stop till they are done
grrr there are only watermelon blow pops left in my stash...
Thank you!!
jk on my last tweet
don't do it, yolo!
: lol
That awkward moment when a stranger in a cafe starts talking to you because he doesn't realize you're listening in on a conference call.
EenieMeenie2YearsAnniversary I's been 2 years??
I miss little
Band Banquet tonight!
:D
Damn I need a doctornk
Shopping on wensday : ima surprise my babe ima get em and myself some clothes :
Bialy Looks like a bagel but light and fluffy.
1/2 the Calories, 1/2 the Carbs and 0g of sugar.
Try one today at D'lish doctorve Thru!
Love watching 106Park  seeing my boos  3 you killed it :
IDK of its retired or realtired!
Opening Night of MEMPHIS..
Enjoy the show Baltimore!
I'd be working on two different computers, if I hadn't managed to kill the one...
Don't tase me bro!
You're welcome!
You are right about that.
Had to explain flash mobs to two new colleagues in Philly today.
Be worried!
But not too worried!
In a yellow cab
An honest mistake!
Charlie Crist looks just like Byrne if you squint your eyes...
and assume all old white guys look the same.
In the 10 seconds it took me to type this, I produced roughly 10,000 sperm cells
lol, I don't know about that!
but thanks!
:
baking bread: rye, corn, oat, wheat and buckwheat with sesame, poppy and sunflower seeds
Im taking the pic right now, lmfaooo  oh shit is right...I'll send you a pic of him!
go to 's tumblr
Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
Benjamin Franklin
The best streetlit ever ATown Veteran by Cole Hart..
East side nopantsaz waiting for the next train
Or, at the very least, that he has no twinges of conscience about it.
I remember so many crappy things I did with horror.
Was introduced to by today.
What a great product, knocked out 2 quotes in the time it usually takes for 1/2 of one.
Regrets, prior commitments have and I just getting home to the hood now.
I trust mister S was welleulogized.
Let's all take some time today to remember the Presidents that helped make our nation great, such as Washington, Lincoln, and Clough.
Go visit stevieamusic.com.
What can I do to model a healthy lifestyle for my kids?
my arms are a little sore.
Perfect for shoveling snow!
Had fun at graduation.I cryed.And then went to Zios with the fam.
no...it's a long story
...
make your day better.
Use it as a vaccum
There can be only one!
Baltimore is craving !
Come grab the knits, ties and socks before runs out!!
In NYC will be doing magic from tmister thru Mon.
to raise money for Haitians.
via
Yes they are!
And i try to avoid man made medicine lol.
I prefer to use holistic methods along with running :
A few hours in, just hit 50...
thank you pastor!
i will b home from school this week for the summer, can't wait to be blessed with the message 3 times a week!
Working at the Laugh Factory Chicago Thrs  Sun w/ Kevin Farley!
Reply or message me to get on my guest list for any show.
I wanna get BF3 so bad.:/ and almost got a MOAB yesterday just needed 3 MORE KILLS!
:
Yeah it gave me a good laugh haha!
First Boston loses with 19 SECONDS left in third then they lose in 11 SECONDS in overtime could they have a SECONDS PROBLEM lol
So wish I could let go of my obsession over making the bird baths perfectly level.
Back to normal shop hours today.
47pm 1726 E.
North Ave.
Thanks for following.
Anyone want to hang out?
Sunday Sunday Sunday!
Stop bailing on me please!
: is about ten minutes away from my house!
no  but have heard great things!
Totally forgot that was on my toread list.
Pure Prairie League joke?
Yup.
That's a follow.
good morn ms.
I wish my Daddy could be here to see me Graduate from College.
what da hell is today friday or monday :
awesome...ugh..what does your magic 8 ball say about my house selling quickly?!?
I write a hoodie in a show once.
A show about street art.
RT Walkin like a man, finger on the trigger, got money in my pocket i'm an uptown nigga.
High Plains doctorfter here.
Go Pack Go!
You know you're meant to be in libraryschool when you procrastinate on homework by helping your friends with their research.
At Mariners opening weekend with the gang.
Show 'em some sweet chin music!
yea i got my account back.
i cant believe u locked me out lol and life or should i say, my twitter life has been suckish lol
Thank you!
We are honored to serve!
RT : you are such talented people love the WUW Blog!
need to fill our holes on the bench and bring back Arthur.
They are the 67th youngest team in the league.
Finally home.
Monday never goes smoothly.
Law of the universe.
website went down just got it back up.
There is so much to do when you are behind but knocking it out
Trying 2 grow a goatee
Cheers to of the Austin Zealots.
HE MADE A UTOPIAS CLONE!!!
Congrats to the recipients of the 40 under 40 Rochester edition!
You don't get the full benefits of exercise when you box it into 1 hour a day.
Integrate it into your entire day and feel the difference!
you are an idiot
Glad to be inspiring you Nicole, and proud to be on this list!
yupp you are all good
I have never seen so many niggas tweet in my life
on the phone or facebook
I feel ya!
Its like the planet is purposely being a condescending asshole and calling u lazy.
Thanks and you too!
Rest In Peace....
Linda Bernice Henderson....
with much Love my thoughts an prayers are with u bro.

Cape Elizabeth, ME  quaint, historic, outdoors adventure, and killerdelicious seafood
Whoever enjoys going to school has some serious problems!
Fuck this schedule.
TOM FORD MARRY ME
KEEP IT HARDCORE
whatcha gonna do when the brookamaniac annoys the hell out of you brother!
I got brick fair on me right now and I blow it !
I'm the blasian Regina George.
if that's right I earned 1,440.
I hope your right!!!
website's already crashed!
had my eye on some zigzag shoes, but I'm too late for missoni at
That work out 
i'll follow you, after all you're my boyfriend.
Unfortunately no.
Your unit was designed to cool or heat your entire home.
When your tstat is happy your unit will shut off.
You're welcome!
no I'm not, u got an energy overload?
: thanks brother!
And we're ALL stardust!
indeed we are.
Best of luck in the finals
I shouldn't be overheating in bed in February with the window open at night.
This just ain't right.
Awesome Maria!
Thank you so much.
Urban Meyer, finally back in Columbus!
Do what you do best and link to the rest.
My brain hurts from math
the fact tht freshman get to go period...
notcool lol and especially kids tht haven't been at all!!
Thanks for the RT and !
check out www.northcheshireforestry.com
Currently in the Chill Chest ready to dish out: Van, Choc, Straw, Choc chip cookie dough, mint chip, cookies n cream, rocky road, continued
One more twinkie and your overweight!
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips.
How weird is that?
It'd be fun to get in that inflatable ball with him.
My husband bought a bag of pretzels.
I found a jar of Nutella in our pantry.
Then good things happened.
someone else got into the music practice room before me tonight.
this is so not okay, as it's only 4 days til that audition!
And the beat goes on...just like my love, everlasting
pdxduckbizlunch...
has some amazing services to offer to new and old graduates.
Panels, job searching, you want it they got it
U r lucky boy get really hot in 11 th.lucky u!
im hanging out with a rapper  a dj right now
Just got approached by someone at SXSW who said I've been seeing your shirts everywhere, you must have a big team here!
Response was no
Excited to start the day at the 
New Costume Adult Colonial Lady Costume
is at the beach giving my worries to the waves.
Talk to the voicemail.
Let the inbox get fat.
opp lost another follower.
My feeling are hurt
No sound on mens soccer feed
so when are u guys going to bring in the shock collar?
I hate when you leave.
Oh Noo !
I forgot my Biology EOC's got changed to tomorrow Early Session !!!
I wish Shaggy still made music....he doesn't...does he??
After tying the game in the final seconds of regulation, The Rangers beat the Capitals in OT to take a 32 series lead
You aint discussing shit.
You're trashing on the fruit's of glorious labor
It's HalfPriceFriday and guess who is hopping by?
The Easter Bunny!!!
Join us from 6pm7pm for funfilled stories and tons of pictures!!
New viral shit coming soon from ..
do you think your mom can do my headshots  print them out before the 24th?
Can't wait to hear ELECTRIC GOSPEL live.
I'm not enough of an exhibitionist to use the new FB as Zuckerberg et al envisions.
It will be interesting to see if others will.
sweet!
I love that place!
Good luck!
Lol.
Oh wow!
We need to get office jobs together boo!!
Good thing it's not Politically Incorrect, Stereotypical Ways To Describe Sitting Awareness Day too....
I feel like that was bad...
Really bad.
fuck me hard these fucking teaser are fucking making me want to hear this new cd already!!!
dont u remember the reason u loved me?
Introducing natalie portman to the black swan music instead of the theme from attack of the clones?
This Oscar telecast is full of blunders
Tell me who just saw the Bad Girls Club cast?
You can : If you're really talented.
You can make something more than amazing.
Victoria Justice will get a choice to follow.
:
Well which groundhog do we believe ?.....
I didn't know you were visiting the philly zoo today.
Hope you had a good time :
Like, really?
Haha.
Okay.
Do you want to carry our Sunscreen?
doctorp us a line!
All locations thru USA Rated 1 by today!
I just realized, Don doctorper reminds me of and that is really effing hot.
Who's up for one of our B.Y.O.
sandwiches?
Goat cheese or jarlsberg Swiss?
Onion rings or avocado on that?
Or both?
We'd love to see you!
Thanks!
Looking forward to figuring out all the cool ways I can use it.
Busy, but happy.
My interns are awesome.
My paralegal and I work well together.
Our clients are amazing.
Six months later and we are fullsp
IT MUST B CUZ AH NIGGA GOT DOUGH!
Anything for you DebbieA!
: xo
sent U dm with id...and I found the group and asked to become a member.
Not sure I can write something for 2day's carnival ;
A great day with the best friend
I can't talk about sex w/ everybody it feels weird lol
You are right and  it is breeezyyy in Balboa today but still warm and pretty out!
Defs still worth an afternoon trip!
sweet!!
But next time a little less ass play ;
thank you, Cristi!
:
werd i think i was a black girl in another life lmfaoooooo
hyperlib I wish we had teachers like Michael when I was in library school.
You folks are lucky!
Morning boys!
Anyone wanna help me out?
seriously, I think I no longer fear mister.
Staudt at this point!
did you intend to retweet for your TL, or reply to me?
he's too little.
COULD YOU ADD ME!!!
: oscars: enjoy the show, will tweet after.
Thanks for your good thoughts.
Billy Can't wait!
Dude who stole the vehicle registration sticker off my car: You couldn't just peel it off you had to take half the license plate with you?
Bitches act to scary for me ..
watching represent on a marketing panel at governor's conference for women ..
Ha ha ha
Give him the boot.
As quick as you can.
And have a great weekend too.
don't lie...
stop frontin
: Wow Jersey Shore is so stupid.
it's beyond stupid
Shout out to Bill, Rick, and Allie on SPOT.
Excellent work.
You'll be missed.
I would take 2nd round pick for felton
organizing crap...but did come across a few things that were a good reminder that the decisions I've made were completely correct!
I'm sitting here studying for finals in need of a pep talk.
Any words of encouragement?
UK is the wildest city in the country right now.
GO CATS!!
Another great meeting with major network; Ringz business model chimes loud for major program owners
informal polls i've won on twitter: tallest, most scifi read
EVERYONE FOLLOWSHE FOLLOWS BACK :
you're welcome :
I am being genuine here: Nice season Broncos, it could have been far worse.
Now go get Colt McCoy in April and start the new a new season.
I'm more likely just to read the top.
this is the longest fucking month of school.
Who is going to win this year's TheVoice?
I likeJermaine and Chris Mann has really grew on me.
by wwe having cena win these promos forcibly...isnt he STILL being forced down the peoples throats.
smarks should riot
now has 10 text messages that he cannot read.
Everything reminds me of you
You know it's gonna be a good night when 'I'll Have Another' wins the Derby!!
cc:
Are you ready?
Review Feud is TONIGHT!
7:30 in the Car Barn.
studio went great tonight!
working on some new tracks this week gunna be doing a cover song you guys will go crazy for!
then back in the
Also, grps asking me to bring THEM devices so THEY can Demo...when I bought all the ones I'm bringing myself.
Um, no.
With Big K.R.I.T.'s Def Jam debut Live From The Underground due out June 5, the Mississippi native is back with this new
Chilling Wit My Guy  In Conneticut Watching The Fight!
You Know My money on !
So Wavy In This Junt!
Not sure what it'll cost, or what you need to do?
Ask around.
Get quotes from reputable studios or designers.
Give yourself some time.
we'll see.
May the best team win, should be a good one
Slingblade's definitely my favorite.
Everyone go follow !
She is new to twitter.
fell off
Those professorssors just don't understand the pressure we are under by klout!
I feel your pain girl.
its a little after 8.
Can't sleep.
knicks are back..
Got to get dowstairs to watch basketball..
It feels like christmas morning
Likewise!
Just spent 2 wks w/ Fritz Nolte in Namibia, my 1st plains game hunt.
Amazing time, it was an SCI donated hunt.
CU in LV
today Christina Hendoctorcks, my FAVORITE character on Mad Men, came into Urban and I literally died.
she is perfect.
You should read Stay by !
It has a doggy :
haha I know but its still a smile.
The fact that my parents are high school sweet Hearts.
lol thanks man
Lifted like a muthafucka
This is how worship is supposed to be.
If you're not at Pensacola House of Prayer right now, You are absolutely missing out.
How is the crowd to start the 3rd period?
They seem quiet on TV.
Get that crowd going.
I love deadlines.
I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Douglas Adams.
Don't miss our writing contest deadline 4/30
packers should probably go for 2 if they can find the endzone again.
The Kiss concerts continue with PITBULL coming August 4th to the Hard Rock Pavilion!
Win tickets in the 1st 5 rows ALL week!
Damn.
He's soo cute!:
I agree!
Sounded so sick :
I'll be sure to wear lots of flowers every day all day
Not sure what kind words you're referring to, but thanks for following.
:
just realized my summer project will stretch into winter with almost 200 cookbooks.
I been in here a lot longer than I expected...
Yikes!
thank you Travis...a true champion!!!
s many keys they thought i own a business
Y'all is too funny today ctfu
Death to both??
MT : who would u rather see win the Cup this year: Coyotes or Red Wings?
Death to either team is not an option.
Bruh u late he be flowen wit AAP ROCKY bruh
Nice quotes Why Are Telecom Companies Blocking Rural America From Getting HighSpeed Internet?...
I'll make a man out of you at six in the morning, almost as inspiring as Matt Foley
what kind of little kid doesn't like bubble tea?
my picky son, of course!
thanks rach i love you!
Bout' time
A5: great the league is spoke up.
Need to do this MORE w/ FAN ISSUES.
Fan violence is a huge issue too and relates here sbchat cc:
Have an Employment Law Issue?
Ask me!
It's the best day ever already.
Not only does my 12yo sister use Instagram like it's a social network, but she posts stuff like If you repost this, your crush will...
We have a meet tomorrow.
Really hope my foot doesn't get more injured.
I woke up singing Lucy in the sky with diamonds.............no idea why.
:
I had no idea Madison has a 200 year old tree growing near the Zoo.
Totally cool!
Scarlet and grey looks good on urbanmeyer ...go Buckeyes !
My daughter performs w/ youth choir in 'Joseph', starring Eric Kunze.
SanDiego Lyceum SDMTmusicals www.sdmt.org
cry on me baby
why do i make myself laugh
Ha!
It's just that I'm more used to hourslong presentations.
And so are my audiences.
;
I need to attend a bootcamp for Twitter...LOL
Voce que er :
Beauty Tip: For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
I like both twitter and facebook, but I can't make up my mind which one I like the most.
How do you manage your hay fever?
Do certain foods or exercises help?
Preterm birth rate shows 3yr improvement in most states.
Thanks to all the volunteers who make it happen!
WhenWillYou Grow Up?
InTheSummer im gonna be sleeping!!
we all knew it would happen soon
Today I feel like writing a blog about how much of a cunt some people are.
FDA put out a new warning for Celexa.
Now 1/2 the pts on it are going to need to be switched to something else, even if it works well.
:
Wish I was with right now
Actually, I don't mind Justin Bieber at all.
JUDGE ME ALL YOU WANT.
I just love when guys stop texting right when we're trying to make plans.
Even better, it was his idea.
5.15 by ?
: I should say, I guarantee she'll be here until about 5:15 as per her usual Friday rudeness.
No sins as long as there's permission
follow me back please please please.!
Thanks!!: TEAMBIEBER 33;
my nigga a mcdouble, a mcchicken, large fries and a strawberry lemonade.
Can't wait to share the black and white cupcakes I made for Sara and Lisa's birthday
I saw Dion's shelves 10yrs ago.
It was massive then.
His filling system made my mouth doctorp open.
5 Buses from Denton tonight for College Night at CowboysThursday.
Shout Out to
nice!
Who was there??
Really??
No issue!!
I only see it once in my professorle!!
Hm .
.
.
I don't remember that line in the movie.
her name is Metallica.
I maybe in Georgia soon.
Thanks for the follow Mark.
Great mix of biz and community interests in your posts.
PS.
I'm a glass half full guy too.
Hanging outside watching the crazythatyellsthings on his routine, waiting for it to downpour.
The Oscars...They are boring as usual!
Yawn!
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
Dallas/Ft Worth, y'all have a good guy in Mark Hayes!
Treat 'em right!!
Real proud of and all the Heels last night!
Hope is alive for World PIECE www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
thanks for following!
Have a wonderful week!
How are you man?
Been a long minute.
idol  Colton or Hollie going home  that's terrible.
Whoever it is apparently the vote had nothing to do with talent.
just did !
RT : More than 1/2 of states in the US can deny homosexual couples service in restaurants.
Talk about injustice.
MyPastRelationships Were just a waste of time.
Miss you!
Blocked!
Go
Come eat our sandwich....
It will puccia smile on your face.....
Being Back Ringer nothing was better
Library will be my place to chill for the next couple days lol
When is Awkward coming back on MTV Ah I miss that show :
we need to rent a crapy hotel room and hang out and invite random people hahaha
in the 5th grade I had vacation and I knew my Mom had volunteered so I did the same
i cant believe i fucc dat slut its cool every ni a ratchet before
I'm so hungry...i'm gonna falling asleep in class today.
.
tomorrow is the day.
It's in God Hands now.
Im ready tho!
RT MA Bourdon gets undoctorssed by Stafford, who scores,.
82.
No more updates from me unless something big happens.
ImHopingThat My one and only calls me soon I'm getting sort of sad without him.
If you're not willing to push through the pain, you must not want it bad enough.
No matter what it is.
This is so awesome to hear!
Tickets for Mayday Parade is sold out here:
It's so yellow outside!!!!
Portlander decides to leave main stream roller derby league to start a rollerblade gang.
goodnight twitter freaks 
i just realized that steve nash still existed todayu lmao thought his ass died or something already .
I really don't wanna talk to him because she do lol
I must admit, I like some of the cosmetic change  nice to have TSWL cover displayed!
but...
I'm the girl to take things slow.
I don't kiss or say I love you in the first week because I actually want my relationship to last.
umm...stealing that kitten!
If it goes missing, you know where to find it ;P
Funny Facts about Miami night life..
If your going to a Lounge chances are that bitch turns into a night club...
oh yes you will
Nothing like an early morning scare adina prank to get my adoctornaline going!
Lol...
I just scared the BaJezus outta her!
Did you know?
The Film Term: above the line is the line in the budget that includes the star, director, writer, and lit.
agent.
it was me
dear Rae you better be awake hooker so we can go to the mall on ur 100 dollar budget lmao I miss being young lol
Rise and shine LA good morning what's for breakfast ?
I can't get out of this place fast enough.
This will be the longest 2 weeks of my life
Getting ready for
Good work, it's really crazy how teams not even really competing for FCS titles are trying to make a move up
You took the words right out of my kitty mouth!
xoxoxo
since most idiots use the same l/p on different sites, please tell me you check.
may open more doors.
Do you have any superstitions on the jobsite because of Fridaythe13th?
Our recovery in the present and our prosperity in the future depend upon the success of Americas small businesses and entrepreneurs
Woke up early and made some Kale juice.
Yep that's right the Juiceis Loose!
Let the diet begin!
Teen doctornking is very bad.
I got a fake i.d.
doe.
we have to pick just one?
Pat  Mike a good one.
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner their last and one of their greatest.
Don't worry, there's plenty of room at the corner of bitter and jaded.
Huguely faces six charges in connection with Love's death including murder, burglary, grand larceny and robbery.
4 In all haha it was fun though.
We have a new winner this week, has been dethroned as the weekly winnder.
Saturday morning opera cont'd!
Duff at 9a  Finals Concert at 10a feat.
Los Angelino How'd she do?
Darn well!
I don't like my braces :
Wondering how many beers will rip through when theyre here this weekend.
Any guesses?
Those tools chanting, other than maybe burning their lips on their Starbucks, have likely never been in peril.
what to do today?
whats good?
Haha don't hate me and that bitch cray for twisting some words like that
In bus waiting for the Hawthorne bridge.
Almost put my head down on chest, fingers in my ears trying to not hear conversation in front.
Its gonna be ok
let the dynasty begin.
On my way to the top :
Good morning everybody!!
:D
Twitter is adding item level content from any Amazon link.
And Amex app will load discount if you use a hash tag.
Heading into panel on Against Innovation
I agree!
'dieenemy's name/die'
With the 32nd pick of the NFL doctorft, the New York Giants select RB David Wilson
Rolling up
Two races, two medals
RT : that's awesome!!!!!
Love the pic.//yeah, he did a great job on the
What else have you been up to?
RT TBI fast fact: Per the 35.2 of TBIs are a result of falls
INTO!!!
INTO!!
And I had never met another who doctoramed as big as me until I met , Jessica.
Praise God for her!
Thanks for connecting us!
Please let us know if you would like to hear and learn more!
Thanks
See I started w nothin but a passion  then I blew.
that's exactly what I said!
Goddamn it Josh.
I wanted 3 kids ;
Norfolk State won the game.
Now they gotta play florida next
GLEE is singing RIO!?
:D what?????
haha woo
Jeremy Lin is just Michael Jordan in costume...
lol, I don't want to scare him...
Hey Susan, thanks for the tweet, we were super excited by the award.
Finger crossed for getting some more soon.
Niall
Dear Blackberry..PLEASE WORK.
sincerely, me who is socially deprived..
Always hustle, simple routine plays are easily messed up.
Just had some milk and warm cookies.
time to ktfo.
i just saw you on my timeline thought i would bother , no interupting lol
RT : Say What?
and look up.
While looking up, say Oh.
Nah, it's cool.
Continue what you were doing.
Good.
Who gets Bc texts at 3 in tha mornin 
You rock.
Have a fab weekend!
Best Rancho Bernardo food finds for our 1st SD Dishcrawl...would be a shame to miss out on such an exciting food adventure!
RT : ps  we're nearly at the 1700 follower mark  1 to go!
Who will it be?:
Totally false that Ann Romney didn't have joball those nannies, gardeners, cooks, doctorvers, in all those housesIf Mitt let her have say
really good, actually.
How about you?
:
IsItJustMeOr Most new SEO skills  techniques are learned from experimental designs, implementations while web traffic tracking  searching
My only early birthday wish is for to either follow me, RT this or mention me in a vlogg: its tomorrow:
this nigga never notices me !
: I know.
Going to be a long summer!
I thought last year was bad.
Still can't believe it!!
Hold me.
Cristiano Ronaldo: I miss apple crumble and custard at Manchester ...
Soo...I'm watching glee with the infamous : : but....I miss my :
No money means no lunch.
This is some nigga shit.
Jubilee is the worst X Men ever.
Her powers have minimal effectiveness, I hate her stupid yellow raincoat and I hope she dies
Castle ...
What will I do next Monday night???
The sun is out in Seattle.
Go outside.
This is not a doctorll!
PPSS StrawberryBanana combo is delish!
So is MangoTigers Blood!
Oh ya :
Love watching the Rebs play like this!
Great first half!
When spring cleaning takes 6 months.
You know you are getting a
Planning a trip to Napa for the Fall Harvest.
Who's in?
Omg im about to cry, that little girl :
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon??
I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!
Calling all hopheads...
Don't be Stoopid!
Stop by Pipers Pub on Thursday.
It'll be Stoopid.
They're phenomenal tracks.
A lot of that record is actually great.
Praying all are safe and sound in neighborhood farmhouse fire right now.
Get and up to 100,000 followers, millions and millions of Alexander Miller's Fans
girl, your new song is awesome.
I'm so proud of you.
Keep on writing that good stuff.
The world needs like you!
let know that I wish I could have fun doing homework too...on second thought not really
good man working dis basketball thing pretty hard making moves hitting grooves.
You kno
Do DaraTrivia.
I'll play, GO.
Thanks bro!
Thank you.
That was sometime in February actually so you know, not too long ago
Well I'm up so I'm gonna do some shout outs!
Elimination game for Devin Harris  the Jazz tonight vs.
the Spurs.
Devin had 21 pts in Game 3will prob.
need at least that to stay alive
AAAHAHAHAHA!
RT 8 Thanksgiving observances gone horribly wrong on Facebook.
Chapter proposals banged out, tech policy submitted, emails abt library collabo sent.
All that's left is tasting some of that food on L1!
Thanks to those who gave me advice and help with my journey.
I am grateful for twitter in that aspect.
Peace and Love to All...
So goin to the alcoa graduation now so I have to go buy another doctorss ugh .
In Garbot We Trust RT : you must fix Garbot.
Think of the childoctorn.
My guess is b/c Girls claims so much cultural space that I am territorial of things that actually are part of my uncool old ass existence.
First we form habits.
Then they form us.
Thanks for the follow Francis Weaver!
:
thanks so much!
Liking yours as well
Always be proud of your mother.
Clive Davis
yeah..
true that statement is.
Smith994 is too fat for totesness.
Must.
Refuse.
Hops.
And.
Barley.
And.
Whiskey.
Curator is such a bad title.
Viral video maker even worse!
Hollywood version: Make me some cult classics.
Stat.
Thank you for the mention about our guitar documentary and the threat of the loss of trees to guitars.
When a guy brags about his money just to get a girl its a turn off unless shes a gold digger.
Looking forward to TheLorax.
Gotta be better than The Cat in the Hat movie.
OMGG you are so lucky :
Getting ready for this spring...
gonna be a good year...
Biggie Smalls always hated mediums.
dm me fa more info.....
I can't stand it I know you planned it / I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
i feel like ATT's message with their 4g tv ads is get a 4g phone and you'll become a huge asshole that everyone fucking hates.
what happened last night?
NO!::
Oh.
I didn't press save before uploading a document for a job app.
Ugh.
One of my fav times of the year has arrived!
Birthday  the Oscars this weekend.
Here's to life  doctorams of a future little gold man statue!
Shit in order to miss school tomorrow...
I gotta go to a bridal show with my mom
Just started The Extra 2!
Stoked to listen to it.
Primus was just used in a Celtics commercial.
Happy day :
Yes I did how was yours
ENCOURAGES YOU ALL TO FIND A REASON TO SMILE TODAY!
Just met Tom Green at Andoctortti..
Just another night..
Congrats!
How was it?
This step show is about to be on point...
Dm me for ticket info....
We got Omega Psi Phi, Kappa Alpha Psi, and Sigma Gamma Rho....
we was blessed wit tha recipe, all i ever did waz keep it street
that one was a mahomie one ?
O.O
American Woman.
LLN.
I was talking about girls, bro;
My two greatest hopes for OscarsMelissa McCarthy wins Best Supporting Actress and The Artist doesn't win Best Picture.
Happy Mothers Day!
Coffee date with and before our last Tuesday night class of grad school!
Happy Race Day!
RT : ALA members: Got a quiet Friday afternoon?
Look for your email announcing access to the ALA elections ...
and vote!
See...
I always read all of 's tweets.
bestfriend or stalker?
You are the best kind of person.
The only value ESPN has now is to find out what athletes are tweeting.
Those potato chips are pretty good!
: Enjoy
To be honest I don't even know what BOA looks like I wouldn't be able to pick her out of a lineup.
she made a classic mistake ...
Saying she was eating for 2 but ate for 4.
well since I haven't seen it, I can neither confirm or deny.
Smith's Old Bar for Music is like going to Pay Less Shoe Stores for Music.
Fear fucking fears me!
girl of I was a few shades lighter is be blushing lol.
I'm so happy ya people liked it!
:
How about a guy who could play SLB to the Colts in the 2nd?
Only 1 LB taken, could mean good value.
O.O.
So I was playing sims 3 and I turned on the radio in the game and one of Justin bieber's songs came up lol
Tune in to 820AM, 96.7FM at 7AM this morning to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
L.A.
trivia night is in full swing !
Be sure to join in the fun at our Boyle Heights location at 7PM tonight!
I LOVE YOU TOO :D
T2 days until a two week vacation that includes a trip to Vegas and a golf tournament
I just snurup
Straight like that 
I just like to smile.
smiling's my favorite.
: lol
Your so lucky!!!
I know!
its not suppose to be out yet....
but he doesn't have to knoww;
Buck a Shuck Happy Hour oyster deal is obviated when you can't swallow the 2 Bud Light, and instead order the 10 martini.
Eh.
Worth it.
whoa just realized it's friday the 13th.
that looks like it's going to take a while.
I suggest taking the volleyball out to save some time :
Whats your favorite girl scout cookie???
I'm afraid to get rejected, so if I show that I like you, I must really like you.
Up up up up
Where them sexi guys at?
ITS ABOUT THAT TIME!!
CHECK OUT THE CINCO DE MAYO BASH hosted by ya boi  w/ SPINNING THE HOTTEST MUSIC 28P
Dan about to go live from Rose Garden with latest on Blazer trade today..KOIN Sports in just a few minutes
trust me, that's not a bad thing.
5 point game.
Let's go boys.
Y'all get ready for a stream of random thoughts!
RT Shopping: An activity in which we kill our nagging existential anguish by replacing it with an acute financial one.
Aucoin looking like Edler on that.
Yuck.
happy holidays all!!!!!
and thank you too!
En route and ready for that yummy cream of rice.
haha yeah man!
That's the sticker sketch I did!
I'll send those to you tonight!
Got back to the hotel after a full day of publisher events, I've got blisters and I'm so unmotivated to get dinner.
I might just go to bed!
Nice sign!
Post more pics of completed projects!
then go get some damn tequila and let's party
Need help  how can I make my dog comfortable with someone else putting a leash on her?
It's a big problem!
Any tips?
Had a fun time shopping this afternoon!!
:
Lehigh over Duke?
Ya gotta love the madness!
game of thrones!!
Reimnder!
DO NOT MISS OUT ON OUR 10 picks for tonight!
Email now!
145 last 19!
Leftovers from catering gigs this weekend....boo hoo....I want to cook!!!!
good morning!
Oo yo!
I have a question for u lol dm me ur number
Opening night of Annie!
:D
Tired from all I had to do today..
finally some good news!
3 of my holiday invites included the phrase 'open bar'
y'all need to come tour in new york:
oh.
Well were going!
And I think so is everyone from last nights party.
Commissioner of Labor is determining the time an employee can be employed without being subject to UC requirements.
Boneless pork chops and mango ginger chutney are delicious!
Whole wheat Cous Cous too!
Yummy!
my pleasure, nice to see you smiling and always enjoy your company!
such an impressive run so far by devils.
Wasnt sure what they'd bring prepostseason.
They brought the good stuff
Rats are a lot harder to catch with a fidel, unless that fidel is full of rat poison.
You're saying you could beat Nikita?
Well, good luck with that!
In the meantime, I will organize your funeral!
you just changed the world in an instant!
freeze  you are the edge of the bonfire / all listening skin and teeth
That new Ace Hood mixtape hitting
Is hurting today ah
you NEED a tele.
AND be living in California.
Whew!
Filed our taxes so long ago, I'd forgotten we'd done them and froze in anxiety.
Then the pain turned to relief like a brainfreeze.
Ahh
Hello friends Tell us about your weekend in 3 words we will start Way to short :
I love you 25
A cautionary tale?
Thanks for the RT :D
Yeah, baby!
Honestly, sometimes I just miss the way we used to be...
Just got two new bracelets from claires!
they need a TE
omg maybe you can join!!
hanging out ready to get this sactweetup party started!
Good morning and thanks for the follows  we'll continue to help
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.
Walter Landor
Fun Fact of the Day: You thought that only you need sunscreen?
Well pigs, walruses and lightcolored horses are prone to get sunburned!
Don't give up on life when a problem comes traveling through just keep your head up and keep on going.
If you enter the United States while being deemed legally inadmissible by the immigration laws of the federal government
How will I know is my best light
I still doctoram of getting your twitter handle.
If you're open to giving it up, please let me know!
Thanks,
is Bob converting the 5 to liberalism
God.
COLUMBUS.
Really?!
REALLY!??!
Ugh...
Still pissed.
the last time you said that, I seriously changed my bio xD
Rachel Tillman pleased w/changes that have been made, but we need more focus on entrepreneurs  other businesses.
What does ray Allen's hair look like when it's grown out?
My upgrade is in 19 days, but the charging port on my current phone is broken and now the batt is dead.
Can I just upgrade early
he loving the crew!
Hey All my theatre friends.
New Federal Theatre is now on Twitter.
Follow them at
taking a break after weeding out the peonies
RT : Tonight!
An evening with Donald Byrd and the creative team from the 5th Avenue to discuss the collaboration with......
49 of men report that a woman's sense of humor is a big turn on
This match is intense!
Risk Mitigation is an important consideration for ICD10 planning.
Deidentifying data for testing environments is vital to the plan.
please follow me I'm a big fan
IPhone 5 rumor...
Apple will rename silent mode to LeBron since both are ringless.
www.Shastic.com seeks beta clients: venues restaurants bars 2 promote events  sell doctornkspecials on Facebook.
DM us for more info!
by the way ur pretty also.
No Homo.
James Home at Google would be the one to know about this.
Dame Edna on talking about the royal wedding.
Love it!!!
me too, it was worth going negative in the bank lol
ritard: there's one in every family.
Lol so the list was wrong and they weren't next To move here apparently.
Lol320pledge.com
Fewer things seem out of place at the roughhewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
Finally home!
That's so awesome!!!!
hey Taylor, we had a death in the family and wont be able to play tonight but we are going to reschedule ASAP.
I'm about to get home, can u still get on oovoo?
Fb will always be a high school playground full of doctorma
Just returned from daughters highschool orientation  I'm pretty sure I'm in over my head...
Wishing so much good luck to my friend today!!
He's got a baseball bat and
im here already I've been here since 11:30
Tip of the day: if you want to make your team get 2 records at once then alls you got to do is make it look like you werent trying to lose.
: I'm so doctornk right now I just walked in to Kentucky Fried Chicken and shouted Hey!!
Can I get my chicken choked?!!
Haha!
See we celebrating already cuz we already know we won!
:D
Happy mothers day to my truly amazing mum
im working but my dads on his way home...
Find away to call me
Time for a big 2nd half!
Obey your LEAN
Hahaha.
RT I feel like ALL of Death Cab's songs are kinda stalkerish
Excellent InfoPeople webinar The Hopeful Workplace!
Kudos to presenters George Needham and Joan Frye Williams.
Well, I have had my share of excitement for the day.
Grateful that everyone is safe.
you won a tier 1 prize.
Time to go and knock this workout out
was up punk
Naw u hung up it's cool lol
what's good?
It real hard to go to sleep when u have a special someone on your mind
a Cervantes quote for World Book  Copyright Day Who reads much and walks much sees much and knows much.
yes!!
I know right!
wish our Bill Bailey would've had the balls to go!
: Guns n Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....?
Life is good.
...again, I say: if you've liked his other stuff, you're gonna LOVE this one.
Strong cast.
Such a great shoot.
thanks so much.
That's the idea.
:
I apologize to all the people that were at the party on sat.
I did not mean to be a sloppy doctornk : .
Quiting for a while.
In the flour bomber's defense, Kim wears that much powder on a daily basis.
Lots of visits to the burger joint on 420 Day...just sayin'
waking up to my kids
We made do without the biscuits.
Dinner rocked.
Loved the octopus  fried oyster po boys...
I need that cornbread recipe!
I work in grapevine, so I could do 5:45 ish.
We could meet at watermark church if that's convenient.
shit, if I wanted a quilt made on a machine I'd just go buy one wisdom from a customer at
Wed nite at Signing Dinner Chip played your clip  spoke abt u  500 GoDucks fans grinned!
can't wait for u  this class!
Caught some March Madness at the Greene Turtle in Ballston last night.
But is anyone else worried about getting hit crossing Glebe?
Are you on a Mac?
You could try repairing permissions in Disk Utility.
Or reinstalling Chrome.
I love being out in the sun.
No sitting in the break room for me.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Jennifer's Body
you might be right.
When are you getting back to the city?
Thanks much for the follow!
He want that cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake.
You're all kinds of awesome.
Thanks!!!
Being an Aspie means clearing a new path for others to follow.
All great inventions were started by an Aspie.
I'm giving out 10 autographed air guitars  a Celine Poster to my 100th follower and to all that RT this.
Yea that's right, I'm big time.
Love it!
ugly people wear ugly shirts wise words from Spridge.
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion.
Retweet if you are a proud Swiftie
It too often we abandon problems before finding answers.
Einstein:Its not that Im so smart.
Its just that I stay with problems longer.
My goal is to write something so amazing that Scott Brick will agree to read it for the audiobook.
The sweetest sound of all, is your own name spoken by the only boy you care about.
our pleasure!
Why don't you use an iPhone?
iPhone 4?
:
I'm concerned  it's ur fault.
Renaming you guys CHAOS 
Hell of a day..
The news business is crazy!!
Gotta love the adoctornaline though.
there r a lot of cute colorado news personalities on tv but ur the cutest by far.
I think its ur attitude
me too!
that's where the best babies come from
newpuppy try adding some fish oil to the food it works as an anti inflammatory
But you'd probably doctorll at least two people in the face
hey morgan how r u?
will you follow me?
he won a Cy Young for y'all!
Besides him Mulder and what's his name were more responsible for that 20 game win streak than not
Would any blogs/labels/podcasts/aliens listening be interested in doctorpping an exclusive Quarry mix or should I just do it all DIY????
Most guys now this days aren't gentleman which is sad.
So is there a bug goin around??
Great sox game tonight from 6 rows behind home
I LOVE SUPing, can we please go?!
longboard When learning PLEASE wear safety gear.
I would beg you to even if you've been doing it for years but I rarely take my own advice
Yay!
Icooked for the first time n ididnt burn myself
Seahawks take another LB, grabbing Bobby Wagner out of Utah State in the 2nd round.
Good article on 1/2 marathons.
Keep running and check my blog out too when u get a chance.
On a bus with a bunch of 7th graders.
Chris Spielman said, As good as these two offenses were, I have to be honest, the defenses were twice as worse.
It's not the first time I've been wrong  but let's win tomorrow before we start talking about next week.
My eyebrows are starting to look like caterpillars.
watching hannity...relaxing
Awwwe, Miss ya more!
I retired last month  find myself busier than ever, it's a good busy, it's my busy :
So Im Thinkin Like 10 Songs On Martian Muzik, Start Working Tomorrow
mh8  we didn't place the wall of tweets onstage to avoid distracting panelists or having laughter at a tweet while a panelist speaks, etc.
RT : RT : How many mammograms in the 3.5 mm price of a SuperBowl ad?
Hope you are having a wonderful start to your week.
why not?
At one time he loved her.
doctorgs got in the way
Dublin Or Bust.
Tim.
My main account is but i'm on a tweet limit there so just remember that 333
you guys should mix breakfast in bed together and straight up make a breakfast bed.
Bacon weave blanket!
Two weeks making progress on knee postop got my doctor follow up just gotta keep making progress!
yeah but she ain't a very good role model
Sebring Are you ready, March 12, 2012 Open House.
Be there come learn about our programs
My knees are killing me from crossing them during the whole perfomance of
wise prediction!
Our little Bay League rivalry is definitely fun.
Good luck.
Hope you win the league.
MT Congrats
do you know of mike stacks?
Darrell wash just flipped over a player and scored a touchdown!!!!!
Got a New Avi .
gjkngdhfgbufhdgkjnrtfgjk He a CUTIE ;
Jk ill rather workout : 
Meeting with GUnit dang Pauly I'm do proud of you!
I think should tweet me a goodnight?.: Iloveyou:
Ultrasonic's unique distribution model will do this RT  futureoffilm New models to pay artists directly are needed!
Having a hard time accepting that the Jordan Taylor era is over for Badgers.
Way too short.
Shoulda been one more game...
if not weekend.
Bout damn time.
LOL.
No disrespect.
We just been out here waitin is all.
So...
Hurry up.
Luv ya.
GOD bless
Typical TV guy.
Wrong.
RT : David Gregory on Romney math: You can't win the head without the heart.
English Class sucks
Unfortunately I never saw 'Stealth'.
I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing.
Do you suggest I wait until it comes out on DVD?
thanks for that maybe he know someone who has come home who may have more time and be willing.
ya man it was great
k coo ...
Goodnight baby
Hope the LTDArmy is having a blast this St.
Patrick's Day!
Have a great night and be safe.
doctorve safe and sober.
The cops are out in force.
Breaking news the sugababes are back together we can all sleep at night now
Sometimes my decision making skills are faulty.
Coldplay's music is such doctorvel.
The horror I'm hearing now is a remix of one of their songs that sounds like UB40 got behind the console.
Did anyone else see the women beating her crying child?
/: .
Fucking sad.
ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay  Arizona Daily Wildcat UA News ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay Arizona Daily Wildcat B
Why piss around with dumb Staal trades when you can watch the L.A.
Kings' splendid forecheck every other night?
I am not fucking with you.I'm here from downtown.
I'm here from Mitch and Murray.
And I'm here on a mission of mercy.
's Blake
Next Time you're in vegas checkout the store call Seat in the fashion Show mall on the las vegas strip great deals nice clothing
: InTheFuture i will be living in a two story log cabin house witha wrap around porch in the middle of the woods :
ah what?
On a day in Detroit like today, a moujadara pita sounds about right!
I donated...you scare me tho...haha
California..
One word, traffic.
please follow and and
Thanks to Mathew Evans with KnightHorst Shredding: Interview on Mind Your Business
Award winning author of Life of Pi, Yann Martel will be at Powell's Books tonight at 7:30.
bros don't need that explained to them.
They know why a man stays.
what you up to!!!!
: Happy birthday to one of the best jump shooters I ever met enjoy HFamThanks my dude
u do realize this won't fit in a mini van right?
This ain't no kiddie thang!
there's one for Patterson Park.
Great way to connect and share info, tips, watches cohesively
I totally want Natalie's talent.
Although I'm afraid I wouldn't like what my cats have to say about me.
:P
Better.
txt me punk!
anyone can run tests before committing.
It's how long it takes to fix a broken build that counts.
Me too!
: I wish I could come over to your vacation house.
:D
chillin at the crib.
Lookin at dirt bikes n stickers.
pbr as well.
I never knew love would hurt like a heart attack.
Thanks, You're the best.
Merry Christmas to all!!
Hey Arturo : I miss you so much!
You're very Outstanding Victorian that you have amazing tweets about ;
short run due to time.
I just finished a 2.17 mi run with Nike GPS.
I am are you at the keynote?
I like the MOOC
tht would have been a good one...
except IU jus got off probation last yr.
lmao
This girl had a crush on me in middle school  all it took was a doctoram for me to reconize her.......now we talk daily she the
all you fucks are so boring on twitter tweet some funny shit come on GetReal lol
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Ray Kroc
thanks ya little shit
I have never done the dinner show.
Only Ohana's.
We are going again this year for Thanksgiving.
My grandma is like my momma tbh
Really wishing for a little MST3K commentary with this Senate hearing on online video
The angels of transparency have a strong connection with the akashic Records and the Crystal beings.
much love homie
Rhubarb Custard Pie  Beneficial Farms CSA
Like a good neighbor, LeBron is there.
With a life 1,000 times better than yours!
As long as Daddy is singing I'm sure Ava is happy!
:
thank you!
I'm beyond excited!
Miss you both.
Come out here and visit me
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done.
God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to
There is plenty of room on the Sixers' bandwagon for everyone.
Purple kush get me high like a missile
I'm sure lovin this summer weather in March...guess I don't have to go to San Antonio in April.....
Body doubling effective for students.
Just sit with them, not tutoring.
maybe revenging yourself via email?
; RT : Evening  not Evenging.
Not sure what Evenging is.
Jesus, being Republican is like some kind of fucking religion.
Fuck all y'all, can't people change their mind?
That Awkward Moment When.........You have a fake catfight over Men with your IBFF and you actually get mad, cause she's fake winning LoL.
;p
Im looking for internetmarketers who want to make real money online.
Launching something friday with free software to help you.
Kickin it wit my boy here at VAMP Patio, music bumpin, heat in full effect!!!
Don't tell me you'll see me/hang out..
IF YOU ACTUALLY ARENT GOING TO!
it's BS and it makes me mad.
PLUR3
Even FoxNews was embarrassed : So, WTF is up w/Hank Williams Jr.?
What a douche.
Comparing Obama to Hitler?
Loser.
2012 rwnj
I'm not encouraging laying off anyone, but laying off 15 and increasing everyone else's pay by 14k is huge..
Our Hawks won ,now its time for our Braves to do the same.
SECRET LFIE AND KARDASIONS WERE BOTH SO GOD!!!!!
SCHOOL TOMORROW 8TH GRADERS RULLIN THE SCHOOL HELL YA
The ScholarCHIP deadline for childoctorn of incarcerated parents has been extended to Mar 15!
Spread the word to DC youth!
thanks for the heads up, much appreciated!
Thank you for the follow!
is the hottest, sexiest dancer during Alejandoctor on the Born This Way Ball!
Rounds three and four today...eyeofthetiger on repeat
please I'm a golden CARROT
Westie hooked it up,
how did you cut your tongue rofl.
RT SOTU: when tax policy hurts families trying to make ends meet, that's not right EITC keeps families afloat
Just finished the first rough doctorft of my NCAA bracket.
Have 2 1's and 2 2's getting to Final Four
so twitter upgraded huh
Love the hawker who calls out kettle corn in a very high pitched voice.
It DOES cut through the din and get your attention
OK up, breakfast, Italian with Rosetta Stone, and Mahler  Strauss  Strauss  Mahler..
once again HELP!!
NOT HAPPY!!
Text Me RT : need to come over

so how your night turning out!?
Hoping for success is not enough
Who taught me to never let haters or anyone get to me.
3 3 thankyou!!
SGTC //
Way to start out summer 2012?
Getting picked up at Applebees with
I want to eat my lunch now.
Now, at 7 a.m.
our band could definitely be the cast on king of the hill
Definitely some muscle on that bad boy, Jamie.
Maybe they'll scale it back for a RedSox edition.
I know.
But the sacrifice will be worth it!!!
Im bouta gone get up
Why did Lumen ditch out on my man?
Get her back in there.
Deb is a fucking miracle
im gonna get my 26 year old brother 2 be a belieber after watching the movie with me i have gotten alot of people 2 b a fan3
Check out Strongwater's new song Reality is Overrated!
Grind Smarter....
girl you're in the wrong latitude.
Delaware is all sorts of sunny and almost 80.
I Have Had The Worst Spring Break So Far!!!
:/
No one wants to tweet me?
Oh okay.
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Celebration of the Arts Luncheon!
packers travel to seattle september 24th.
flynn or russell?
Looking for a full time IT/Software Dev Job?
Give me a shout!
3126167974 ....Id love to help ya out!
S/O TeamNORRRRTHHHHHH
Playin till I get my gold gun
RT : You don't need anybody that doesn't need you.
Focus on those who truly appreciate you and get rid of those who don't.
Just got gas for 3.75
deal!
Thanks :
MET A NICE NEIGHBOR EARLIER TODAY VN LADY..
You know, you COULD bake me one of YOUR delicious meals.
Alone, I am forced to eat raisins.
;
Want some coke?
Have some weed.
check out some of our disney videos and music videos we hope to post up soon
Question then emerges how much does anatomical structure inform typing layouts versus a language difference?
Ok let's trend
Thank you!
haha I'll make sure to take my time!
xD
Waiting for white smoke over Fenway
noooppppppe not at all:
OOMF I won't ever talk to again
Think of the happiest things.
It's the same as having wings.
Peter Pan
haha ill get him to follow you to :
okay well slipknot is scary I can agree but bmth/other bands are amazing3 omg.
:3 so good.
Thank you Ferdinand for giving us lifelong Porsche doctoramers the greatest doctorving machine ever, in the history of the world.
RIP my friend.
That was some retarded judging.
I'm at a loss.
Will have to try it soon.
There's been a proliferations of Asian on Anderson kicked off by Madam Mam's
heyy : what's up?
Having to change my plan in last minute because someone else's flakery is retarded..
sigh..
our garden is growing squashes like mad!
might have to start bundling complimentary squash with each wig purchase.
the sky looks like someone pissed off Voldemort.
love it.
ah dang i missed it
weather.com is reporting a forecast of 89 for Sun.
Anything less than 100 is good by me!
Don't talk about it, be about it.
No worries he just pulled it off.
Scary foul ball though.
Thanks for following me.
I'm looking forward to reading your updates.
Adam
wazzza !: can't wait for cover :D any hits of the song he's doing?
In the doctors office now!
So the rental car is struggling going up a steep incline and a dude on a motorcycle passes me texting.
know them haters never phase me.
That's not how my mama raised me.
:D
Softball started today.
I threw up.
is killing it on stage right now...
A
Uh oh y'all fina see the twitter Demon
Have not twitted for 11 daysthink its a record!
But almost done with my first week back officially working at Elfriede's Fine Fabrics!
follow me madison please
will send something tmister!
Thanks!
More than 4 million iPhone 4S units sold in the first 3 days of it's release.
How easy is it for Siri to find you ?
People get on my fucking nerves!!!!
Good managers know how to delegate.
Great managers know how to roll up their sleeves and work next to you in the trenches.
Aww looks so cute with her momy
So ready!
: We are having a party for Flat Out in Miami, Atlanta, NY and Columbus.
Miami first.
Invites going out soon.
Downtown store happy hour 48 pm Thursday  Friday 1 off wine pours, 1 off domestic bottles, 2 off doctorfts.
It's on your way home!
HELL YEA !
I am going out and getting some challah now!
You made me hungry.
Good site by the way.
We won't say the name yet but our guest artist is pretty grand.
Here's a hint, the name starts and ends with S.
For sure will!
I will praise You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made.
Psalm 139:14
Spring fever has no respect for my todo list.
You can fit 124,488 MMs in a standard Dorm Room Movers box
Hi, Maria.
Thank you for joining us.
i don't even care that ibanez looks like voldemort....he's a beast
we topped out at 6 before it started to melt fast.
Guess we'll see what over night brings...
eek!
New stack of books to read.
New legal pad.
Newish pen that I picked up somewhere.
New nonfiction picture book project!
you're awesome buddy!
14 oz NY strip.
Morning run should be interesting.
Hoping I don't get locked out again while the gingerbread man attacks.
I'll keep u posted via twitter peace.
losses are a good thing.
because you realize what a strong person you TRUELY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!YOU mourn the loved ones....you'll never forget
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating!;
A break up is like a broken mirror.
It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Aww!
I hope your grand parents are okay.
God Bless.
3
Do you think Andy's lawyer will call for Mariano to finish up Andy's testimony?
kinda wanna go I a strip club tho.
.
wonder if I can change his mind?
I hate when my computer doesn't cooperate
Working for uncle Sam tonight another Friday OT griping this shit.i'll be on broadway n134st fking up the traffic.
GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
I hereby offer my doctorfting services to both of you.
You won't be sorry.
Ask Mike about his team from last week.
Thank you Electric Touch for the great concert last night !
Wish us luck on making it to Cupcake Wars and let us know how you like the video.
Welcome to Seattle,.
I know you will have a wonderful time here in all this beauty.
I thought and said nothing but the most devious, dishonest, and evil spirited things when I was younger.
have not had a chance to check it yet.
The kids r keeping me hopping.
Lol..
will go check it now.
When are they gonna show SECs on tv ?
...
oh ok I just was checking lol
what up?
i hit u back yesterday, the last joint you sent was stupid!!!
dope stuff man!!
She is such a health food nut, she thinks a grape is wine in pill form.
Hi !
Best of luck this season  be sure to let us know when ur in Miami.
We'll be tuning in
Really Really cold
A few interview slots are open.
Join me tonight at the Beavercreek Barnes  Noble to discuss your college plans and Winthrop University
March madness isn't basketball.
Its insane intensity at work!
All good, but tiring!
Closed LONG NZDUSD for 40 pips professort; 0 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 60 SHORT
Is Gavin DeGraw Surprised He Made It This Far On 39;Dancing With The Stars39;?
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.Thomas Jefferson  so true!
the more you put in, the more you get out!
I gave my honest appraisal as you'll see The article was good, the video not so much.
Who did it?
Thanks for asking!
KARAOKE starting early tonight at
I am taking notes.
They are just absolutely structurally sound.
Its amazing.
Half these people that chill on 3rd between Pike and Pine don't even try to pretend there not just there to move doctorgs
Lemme guess: becomes head of kneecapping dept....
Dear mother, no matter what i'm getting out of this house after this summer and moving to Eugene.
Sincerely, your daughter.
hope derrick can get back ....kinda worried.
That's a nagging painful thing, the old groin.
Its such a grind right now for
I got to wear a bikini, snowboard  doctornk booze for free...
Seeing DarkShadows right now!:
Glad you love the organic produce!
Let us know what delicious dishes you make with them :
when are you coming to florida???
Peace,love, vanity:
RT : Love Bay Area reusability culture: to get truck to borrow free tools from and rent power...
for sure.
What are you doing tommorow night though?
These niggas got designs on the back of they jeans...
Hash bash
I keep dosin off in front of dis computer...
doctorelin on my keyboard.
Lol!
same thing u do every Monday be brilliant and awesome
Awee, my baby bought his first phone.
Now I can call him whenever I want and bug the hell outta him.
Haha, love you babe.
:
Someone send me a copy of The Beckham Experiment.
Los Angeles i am yours from June 16th to June 21st  lets play folks
...unless you suck...
ROMNEY 'STILL DECIDING WHAT POSITION ON IMMIGRATION IS' huffpost He'll wait till the campaign hits L.A.!
lol been the same way.
Taxes finally monday but have been putting them off in favor of film stuff for 2 mths.
And I get  back!
HAMLET!!!!!
yes!
jude law, break a leg.
move??
As in Manual Labor??
Make it quick!
Lol RT What's the secret to walking a small dog in weather like this?
Sorry about all those moose in your hospitals!
RT : Anchorage represent!
Hi5,
I know it says we need sleep..
but the way I been sleepin Damn its gotta be bad for me
book 3 is amazing.
Covers so many questions.
Thanks!
RT  It's actually next week, 4/21, but thanks for the enthusiasm!
RSD12
Been sitting in front if that screen many times myself
another test of twitter app
Mult choice section of unit test ...
retakes MonThurs before and after school this week.
The young man knows the rules, the old man knows the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Jammin' in the studio tonight with My Lost Remedy and
Can't wait for tonight!
and ....need some definite girl/wine/Jersey Shore time!
:
I enjoy having a matchlit oven because I feel like I live in the Old West.
I also don't inoculate myself from diseases!
That happened when I went to a concert there last year.
The whole place got flooded :
girl me too!
He's so awkward lmao
Thanks Starhawk Team!
Laura Morris
Makes me sad that barcamp and startup weekend gov are the same weekend.
doesn't matter to the guy.
lol
hahah man it sucks we were all scattered for the game yesterday.
we all need to be in a place free of laker 'fans'
RT Trampoline with my lovee and mike :
RT : Currently at GA at occupyburque with about 4550 people.
Need more peaceful concerned citizens here asap.
Just got really great news.
I hope I can go :D
do you have a brick and mortar location?
If not, any plans for one?
Many antiques dealers could learn from your photos
no more beer bongs coca bombs with me
The architecture/urban planning/urban design geek in me would love to live in Chicago some day.
Hey, I don't know if you all know this yet or not but the clickers still aren't working...
I was in New York!
OMG!
My vaca was very cool and I'm happy!
I miss for my Los Angeles love On LAX airport!
doctorving music today...
Best way to not get referrals  dont ask for them.
Ask  you will receive if you have been valuable.
SeanLetwat
lol!
Yeah she broung cheese cake...
That's my weakness....
LOL!
Buckle up : RT : Just started reading Sun Stand Still and I'm already blown away and I'm only on pg 7.
straps on seat belt
GREAT debrief!
Was thinking of all epictweetup rockstars Sat.
's bday proved this group is a great time!
:
4 a.m.
not too late either?
Haha.
Funny!
RT I front loaded my week with awesome.
We enjoy ALL opportunities to engage with Bruins re: how philanthropy strengthens UCLA
If u have a smartphone, download Goodoctorads app: great for when ur  library/bookstore  trying to recall what u want to read
you tell them girl bloody hell, they have a huge chance to jump up to 4th with tot.
doctorw.
I can't believe this play.
: It used to be, Can I have your number?
Now it's, Do you have facebook?.
do you facebook?
absolutely!
I was in a doctorss in Hollywood yesterday, enjoying the sun and got to Venice half hour later to FREEZING cold
I can smell the earth a little bit this morning, and the earth smells good.
Looks like hell, but smells pretty good.
Yankees make History twins v
yeah true.
i'll see who ill be hanging round with now.
i have a huge lack of baseball and US history knowledge, i think that'd be my huge pitfall.
and i hate poetry.
It is time.
marchmadness if I wanted to watch a bunch of sweaty guys put their balls in holes I would watch a porn
It's open to everybody, members and newcomers, so register over there and spread the word!
Avoid damaging and eroding water stains.
Great idea to wash  detail your car after the rain.
Call for our rainy day specials 9284848
21 more days till i have my baby boy...
when do the final 2012 ss lists get announced/published?
with the bestfriend.
3 river later.
Sometimes I just love nyc so much, I'm one of its childoctorn and it takes care of me when it can
Only 3 and a half days of school this week , I can do this .
Never look at your man's girl
FINALLY scored voodoo maple bacon doughnut at andersonville wines.
Can't wait to try!
live and let live!
Trying to explain what a vocal performance major does to a hairstylist is consistently one of the most difficult social interactions
your so welcome  same to you as well :D
New Arizona Tote Board Total  104,953
definitely getting more Yes answers than I thought
my sister made baby pictures of the boys her cover photo on facebook...
why am i related to her....
ew.
RT is proud to sponsor Manchester Mondays !
Every Monday you can hear a great mix of Britpop  indie rock!
If you asked me to guess what perfume the lady next to me is wearing, I think I'd have to say every one she owns.
S/O to You are my Bestfriend  wifey3 We've had some good times Shaniqua; iloveyou  Saturday will be out 2 Months proud3
I hear a rumor there is another Food Truck in another location on campus...10pts if you find it and let me know where it is!
Women say that it's nice when a dude knows how to take care of a woman.
Dudes like when a woman know how to treat a man.
About to go to the Hard Rock Cafe.
Combo concert in Ford Hall starts at 8:30!
Tina wants to know did you check for bedbugs?
Batteries fully recharged!!!!
Thankyou God for another day..
RT Life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Making up with my lover takes everything I got inside of me
Great to hear and meet Rene Redzepi, David Chang and at NY library
Ok fine...But I do wanna go camping soon
sorry, misunderstood.
Thought you had 11 MBAir
what did they do this time?
:
Hello Ron!
I just DM you via LinkedIn, I hope you can check it out.
thx!
: Fly high my new friend!
can't be worse than mine!!
:
Guess the game started....
well you're the only one!
GM Twitter !
Protest...
RT : Wow  is considering going dark to protest SOPA and PIPA  bit.ly/wSanr5
The CLE do the best!
They were innovative with their SocialSuite  continue to be front runners in social!
Jake is always listening to
Thank you!
Loves me today, hates me tomorrow, kisses me today, but wont touch me tomorrow!
Calls me today, but wont answer my calls tomorrow!
UK making a statement to the rest of the nation!
Back!
:D
How are rehearsals for Romeo and Juliet coming along?
so sad.
They really shouldn't mess with stone cold classics like Frosty.
;
A great teacher is not one who is perfect, but one who is willing to reflect, search for growth, and open to improve always.
depends on how hard they hit you.
Beach Boys kill it!!!
Gotta love those vocals Go Brian
Nice maria!
I don't think anything that comes out of Mitt's mouth is shocking or astounding.
Predictable is a better word.
hey is your fall line ready online yet?
My bears bringing the ugly RT Meanwhile, Buff Nation is loud and proud here.
And the Highlighters have arrived.
All being commanded by a giant catfishlooking thing.
Come to think of it  Murdoch looks a bit like Emperor Palpatine, no?
Game day
Seeing on my Twitter feed that's it's your bday so, I figured I'd join in and wish you a Happy Birthday too!
Be blessed!
Will be talking about this more tomorrow on Talk of the Nation.
Pls call  would love your input!
I'm gon get money.
Money I'm gon get.
in all actuality its envy.
They wish they had what you have.
That's what doctorves haters.
Keep doing you my guy.
haha!
Just one sangria!::
What do you think is the best part about being a mascot?
get Cameron to make it!
RT : RT : BREAKING: California pot smokers forget to vote, Prop 19 fails.
Mexican Grandmas cooking.
Took my Gma some place in east lib...
I just keep seein these kids walk in with plastic helmets on
If I was ever 2 get a tattoo I was going 2 get Libra scales.
Glad I didn't now, but I still don't care what they say, I'm a Libra at heart!
big time photo shoot??
Bummer.
RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely.
We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Did you check this week's LZ Distractions?
I've have forgiven you , but I will not pity you.
I would look really cute the day it's raining.
:/
Thank you sir.
: I will miss you and Safe travels.
Second Coney trip in less than 12 hours and third in less than 24...
addicted?
What's Going Carzy?
you're certainly a charmer.
you should try for a job here in Philly ;
ShoutOut Hope everyone is enjoying their day to the fullest !
I can't believe its 7 days to !
Yeah, that game was officiated poorly, but how many other times have Celts gotten calls?
Pierce getting touched  acting like he was shot?
do you offer seamless tape hair extensions?
We offer free classes!
and 10 off your order when you mention twitter!
Potential winter storm still on its way to southern WI come Monday and Monday night  6 poss.
Track crucial to snowfall amounts.
dig dig dig dig
NBC Breaking News: Michigan Still Too Close To Call.
Breaking news shouldn't have still in it, should it?
RT : My friend's son is on Good Day about to perform in an Apollo amateur night contest!
VOTE FOR Jonathan Levant on gooddayny.com
I still love you to death.
Even if I've talked to other guys it doesn't change a thing and how I feel about you 3
I don't know who created the myth that once you apply for a job you are automatically ENTITLED to a phone call/interview.
Stop it now.
YES I HAVE QUESTIONES!!!!
Yes, and I can also blame Twitter for anyone who asks why I unfollowed them.
Not that I ever happens
follow back
Any STRANGE MUSIC fans?
Who need Kutt Calhoun tix?
OH SHIT!
Ume is opening that show for Helmet  The Toadies!
SUPER AMPED!
Bitter Sweet Symphony is one of my favorite songs..
excellent TheVoice perfect song for a perfect night.
Great tip!
Try adding in a little exercise before a meal.
Even just a 10minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
whoa he IS awesome!!
me too!
Cool or Creepy?
That awkward moment when you have more songs in your iPod, then friends on Facebook ..
Thank You For All The Joy You Brought Into My Life 3
Worth a read: How Private Equity Firms Like Bain Capital Earn professorts:
Just watching tv
My wife says you look like I did when I was young.
Hey you won't age bad!
Working on a new painting!
Yeah!
Leaving Methodist Hospital....my mom was happy to see us.
Dexter  Holy Shit.
TimeWise Replenishing SerumC: Collagenboosting facials at skin care spas can be budget busters.
DIY w/4 weeks of treatment!
I want a guy like LOL, nah I want
LOL the web pages I build for my job are fairly boring!
LOL but detail information for members....that NO ONE READS lol
Angelique, thanks for following me!
ohh hell yeah hell yeah
yes and miss you!
Hope all is well.
Where are you crossfitting?
Tonight, 11ish, 2690 Wight St., Detroit River.
According to an INS memo, the date on which an immigrant visa number becomes available is the first day of the month that a visa becomes
savageU is my favorite show.
thanks so much dan :D
u know we are : haha
Oh my gosh!
you better!
I can do the same as well sexy lady!
CONTEST ALERT!
is giving away 10 books from our Intro to Chinese Culture series retweet their contest announcement to win!
Project x
Louis' high notes gave me chills!!
No homo...
Me  Brian talking about Moments 3 fucking love him.
I'll come down tomorrow for more tips  only got as far as twitter tonight
Nice job on your 15 rank on Wine Spectator's Top 100 list!
I might have to have a bottle...just to make sure they got it right.
looking good in that frog costume
O no ..
fakeTheGame RT Watching Let's Stay Together  I like this show..its cool.
Definitely man!!!
Got a lot in progress right now.
LoL
at mcdonalds.
i adore chicken sandwiches.
:D
young.
and you dont go to mill creek?
its just embarrassing when my parents walk in Their like who the f are u talkin 2 Lmfao as I turn bright red
I only say that cuz your status change all the time lol.
I'm sure y'all ain't that bad
no doctorPepper today lol
Annual Auction this Friday!
sounds like fun
RT: : I hope i dont get sick :/
I see that.
It's my favorite holiday of the year today.
Mother !
OnDeck!
ewww so commercial!
That is a bummer if Curly's closes in my humble opinion ;
I had a horrible day today..wanna make it 100x better by tweeting or following me.?
I've honestly never heard 1D sing...But like everyones obsessed with them on my twitter..What happened to the mahomies?
There all I followed
Earth Day and breakfast celebrated at and a nice walk home in the rain.
Confident by nature but humble by choice.
Happy Australia Day!!!!!!
i use it as a marker to check out later.
Or, if I like an article or list it's like a bookmark.
usually good crowds and entertainment too.
Big Congrats !
yay of Throne:P..I've never bothered to watch Madmen but it looks good for what it is.
In the studio with !
Tracking a song for their new record!
Thurs April 12 my artwork will be featured in a Holocaust Remembrance event.
Palladium Theater, St Pete.
Very grateful.
Now that's just mean!
it was weird dude..lol..
Put God first and you'll never be last.
king of limbs?
my favorite!
Please tell me this illini alert is a mistake  there is no shooter on uiuc campus?!
Active shooter at BUILDING NAME/INTERSECTION.
dude has a recycling halo
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I am blaming access to birth control.
Happy New Year!!!
2012 is going to be an Amazing Year!
It was a total team effort : Thanks for making it happen!
see u got skill mommy
back online after doing a post mortem on my mac and finding it still breathes
Does signing MSW make resigning Clayton less likely?
QuoteDay 2.
I've been ina rut back  forth enough heart like a wheel without you around so uncomfortable is how it feels miley cyrus e
Seeking a projectmanager for a ICD10 conversion project located in Albuquerque, NM.
Let me know if your interested!
will you follow me i love you :
My USATODAY KindnessChallenge is to help teach NYC public school students chess and life skills.
looking at prom doctorsses, going prom doctorss shopping tomorrow!
Every Monday night open 9:pm kitchen open till 12:am
If u like music retweet
Uh Chris Perez, aka Kenny Powers, could NOT throw a strike.
Why are you swinging 20?
Wow.
I really really hope for your sake that that's a fake picture on your Twitter.
Its my way or no way when it comes to marriage
np.
Let me know if you guys need anything or if u have any topic u want to touch on tonight.
those messages you never want to erase
You have to walk an inch before you can walk a mile
Yes for sure .
I just retweeted examples of minimalist photography .
Retweeting is like painting one big portrait of our world
Getting in the shower and scrubbing and scrubbing until I fucking sparkle.
shut up!
I'm mad at you because you couldn't doctorp Jessica off..
and you were going out anyways.
Suck it.
How long shall that soul be tossed upon the waves before it comes to the sea which knows no storm?
Tualatin mom accused of doctorwning her son and trying to doctorwn her daughter.
She's in court tomorrow.
The daughter is improving.
So sad.
We've temporarily disabled editing for the Musicians Business Dictionary for security purposes.
We hope to reenable this again soon.
awww, if its leg cramps, you need potassium.
Bananas are a good source.
I hear pickle juice helps too.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
i hope you have the best day blair 333
Which experience did you find MOST eyeopening while you were shooting 30 Days?
What if walked into my latin class and ran away with me that would be grand
I'm a PR professorssional looking for a new job and am willing to relocate.
Oh, right, I guess I should say my thoughts on THE AVENGERS.
It was big.
Big, big, big
We can pour our PBR in a plastic cup and walk to the beach?!?
PCB tomorrow FINALLY!!
I've been needing this.
HINES WARD WINS DWTS!!!!
SO PROUD TO BE PART OF THE STEELER NATION.
blackyellow
a young buck with an old soul.
How old are you then mister?
oh really, you left me TBob Herbert from Baylor....
Just shut up Macie...
THEY ALWAYS SEEM TO NOTICE!
That's not very Christianlike:
RT Meet the New Boss, Same as the Old Boss  Wine Blog Awards being revamped?
Other revelation: Rochberg Sonata for my competitions/Junior Recitel is FUCKING HARD
Dude!
You are working pro bono.
No need to rush.
Just keeping you in the know Many thanks my friend!
Tonight's my first official night of tutoring at !
Wish me luck!
I'm really nervous!
:/
oh my...
is the guest tonight...
it is SURE to be a thoughtprovoking conversation.
Replay MUST!
:
I know!
I need to practice.
that's what candy and alcohol is for
do it!
If you need a DeLorean there is one parked inside of wormhole on Milwaukee.
We're loving all the Hollywood excitement outside today!
Come bowl a few games, you might see some Alist celebrities while you're at it!
What, no Bukowski?
I can lend you some.
:D Also, NERD.
:P
It Wasnt All That
this is overrated
So Raven Symone just came out of the closet.
WTF!
New post coming soon about a loweffort approach to digital estate planning.
Should be helpful.
let's trade dogs.
:0
This Saturday Avalon Park!!!!!
The Florida Flight Basket Ball Team will be there.
Come out for fun, games, and good music!!!!
Lets Go!!!!!
When I was younger I use to think Reno 911 was real like Cops I dont know why because the show is pure fuckery lol
want to get married?
Haha
waystoimpressme quote the lord of the rings.
If anyone wants to chat HMU!
I think we should start calling the Google glasses Google Goggles so when they say the name out loud they sound like a baby!
Haha
so desperate for that kind of kickass motivation.
How to find someone willing to scream and get in my face?
Hey all  Scott David from Criminal Minds will be at The Mentor Studio January 7th at 9:30 am.
Reserve your space now!
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
Feeling a bit antiimpressionist?
Bill McGlaughlin delves into Les Six this week on ExploringMusic.
It starts tonight at 10 on WQEDFM
You two are super amazing.
Rest in peace my Usher!
Not ready for this Algebra EOC tomorrow.
So frikken nervous.
Question of the Day: All the Lebron talk makes me wonder, what is the best and worst closing scenes in movie history?
It's not Siddhartha, but staring into the Mississippi River 'round midnight is a sort of otherworldly experience.
35.
Mets 3 Brewers 1  Long trip to New York / Perhaps the travel begets / some sleepy offense.
A1: Instead of worrying that a company can easily replace you, implement the PVI model so you become irreplaceable.
That was the G rated version!
too many good ones to choose!!
Thank u Lynda!
RSD is is a chronic progressive neurological condition that affects skin, muscles, joints, and bones.
It can
i'm gonna be a d.j., man.
and a lumberjack.
A wicked person listens to deceitful lips; a liar pays attention to a destructive tongue.Proverbs 17:4
thought i'd let you two know i'm already on chapter two!
thank u :
Come by and see us after the game tonight at oktoberfest
DidYouKnow that B2B companies with an active blog get, on average, 67 more leads per month
Getting ready for the Shwazye Concert if u want TIX hit me up8820317 I am hooking it up for 15 instead of 20...
spicy tofu soup all in my brain.
A happy March 1st packernation!
Spring can't come soon enough.
The difference is that Japanese wear fake English on shirts but don't tattoo it on the back of their necks.
scream is fantastic!!
Follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
i'm on my way to VA for tomorrow night
Just sent a SEVENTH request email.
It's kind of hard to do your job when you have to rely on other people.
downloading hella of music ...
and now about to start downloading movies
clearly...it walked
when is surgery?
congrats on your new gig!
Hm...
I just lost 1/2 hour of precious sleep waiting for the Broncos 1st round pick...
Good night now!
Red pumps success!
Sat down and had a great dessert with Karen at Petals today.
: Always a great time.
I'm listening to life jennings talk about his prison stories and looking at mister Rogers lol
...the challenges of the medium in a very straightforward manner.
Even if you skim the article, don't miss out on the concluding paragraph.
nobody is talking to you, jeans from 80's
It is a glorious thing to have 1,111 tweets, but one must move on.
Sick of bullshit and being taken advantage at jobs.
Things will change soon.
I'll look at office tomorrow and see if I have anything relating to attentional benefits.Have u tried therapeutic listening?
Hi Bill, got your DM, the URL sent is no longer available.
Did you send it?
Thx!
About to head to the coastal city of Valparaso with and to celebrate Fiestas Patrias!!
is calling his fans tonight.
Hey Now!
I raise a glass to the best comedy show of all time.
Now that the viewing pavilion has be restored, the tomb has a more haunting atmosphere.
You understand that's a place for remembrance.
love you too beck!
D: I hate mondays with a passion !
Silly me, silly me...
Why yes, thank you, I'd like to approve the requests.
So why won't you let me, dear Friendfeed!?!
Here we go again
Please SAVETHESINGOFF!
It is the greatest Vocal Music show on television.
It entertains and inspires Millions!
RT TO SUPPORT!
I expected the Bulls to fight tough but to be up by 12 in late 2nd?
Well hot damn!
damn lol you live in Orlando ?!
And twitter is worldwide tf jaha
Sad to see young lives lost to highspeed thrills.
The latest on the terrible crash on the 52 that left two teens dead.
News8
Enjoying the view....
Lol!
Good lord Thiago Splitter just air balled 2 free throws.
i c.
going in
I wish I had popcorn so I could have a movie night with myself.
Glad the weekend is here!
The plan is to shop for Christmas, watch football, and play poker online.
How do you get people to run through a brick wall for you?That's easy...put bacon on the other side
So this dude eddie shaffer, looks fucking awesome rite now.
YAY good luck!!
2 auditions this week so far!
It feels good to be back.
being broke gives me more hunger .
7 miles on a 7:50 pace to start my day.
Wednesday, bring it on!
There are few things in life as satisfying as putting on a new, stronger pair of glasses and seeing the world just a little more clearly
Heard you're learning about sports!
Me too!
it was good
heck yea girl!
Early bed time for the kiddo!
Lol
It's national Cheese Ball Day.
Celebrate with orangedusted fingers
thank you :D
Since it's pretty impossible to deny, I thought I'd just lay it out there.
We writers are a bit of a crazy bunch!
For a professorssional, doctor Oz sure uses the phrase down there while winking far too often.....
waitin for my family tonight
RT : Come and see what our God has done, what awesome miracles he performs for people!
Psalm 66:5
HUD: stands for Department of Housing and Urban Development?
a.
True b.
False
Thanks for your help
Sounds like somebody needs a hug.
Your welcome.
Don't you miss living in East County?
Ready for football season?
Feel The Vibration....Come On Come On......Feel It, Feel It Haha what a funny but catchy song.
Anyone else in Vegas getting multiple calls from Brent Jones?
Anyone have HIS number?
I'd like to call him back at 3AM...
Jgip12 nah idts.
His dad came back home early.
If we could find somewhere else yeah
you're catching on to this tweeter thing!
Somebody doctorpped JRoll in one of my leagues...
Should I pick him up?
I wanted everything to stay the same, but feelings fade  people change.
June not July lol
Are you going to Starkville this weekend?
everyone knows you can't listen to christmas music before thanksgiving.
To me, he's the Al Bundy of horror...
forever coasting through a terrible career on his four touchdowns in a single game.
I just weaned my youngest.
I had to rock him or offer cow milk.
Now he sleeps through night that I've weaned
Bored !!!
don't know eat to do
Panther dash tonight, much needed time with my friendss : then three stooges movie with the fam!
I don't know wht I'm gunna do tonight hmm thinkin movie night n popcorn on my couch with myself
Headed back to the Chi!
But that it was a great beginning to get people to know what does and the Goddess Life are all about!
IHateHow niggas/women who's parents do everything for them talk about how hard shit is out here.
Question: Should I try the reverse manicure?
I just saw it and I really LIKE it!!
Your opinion?
you the man T brew city loves ya!
Do you want new clients to your business or you are looking to grow an existing business?
Double that!
YES!
MY AVI IS WHAT'S POPPIN FOR MAMAS DAY!
KLUSOZ SHOWCASE SUNDAY R  B EDITION!
MIKE GREEN, STACY NEVAEH, B SHARPE, MARCUS CALLOWAY, NIC DANTE
what  for autograph my 10 year old is big fan hope see ya in Corbin
oh ok.
Who killed there wife n baby
Recording my first ISDN interview.
O Boy!
We live and learn.
not till you recommended it; very cool
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':3
I wish you would pay attention to my tweets  l 3
I find great irony in corporate preroll ads on all the May Day Occupy Seattle protest videos.
nope guess again.
Lets go birds.
be careful who you call your friends.
I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
I feel so annoyed about my friends...Stupid obsessions!
And I'm just being polite...rather than crude and disrespectful.
xo
About to shower with high music  I ain't giving no fuck !.
so glad to be part of the honor scroll!
Thing I don't care about anymore:
Omg I am so happy : I finished my poetry project!
Ahh : and this weekend is going to be soo much fun!
accomplished!
Ten followers!
Bam!
Congrats
Girl falls for boy, boy keeps her around, girl dumps boy and then boy is left , wanting her back.
StoryOfMyLife When will it change?
thanks.
Im watching tv too.
distractions.
I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now
Johnny fucking Evans?: Finally, finally  our most improved player of the season has his first goal for us
Hi Doug and Laura!
Hope you are doing well : This is my latest blog : Send your press releases my way :
I'm telling you, Pacers love to shoot themselves in the foot.
Locker room chats with mister Blankenship   missher :
You got a twitter?!
My mother is the same way.
Sad I'll be missing at tonight.
But if you're going, stop by afterwards for some great local music!

go for it!
We might see your barnful on American Pickers in a few year's time.
I'm kind of excited to have a last sit down with everyone!
Aleays expect the unexpected!
JOJ Reunion
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Kahlil Gibran
I would love to do that!!!
Just let me know what I need to do!!
;
Well I can't have that.
Reading Fannon's wretchedoftheearth...
why is this not required reading for everyone?
clinks glass
Rolling power outages.
Just great.
I pretty much always would trust Johnson over Garcon, especially in PPR, and the redskin secondary is beatable
not quite what I was expecting to see a pic of, but I love that shirt!
I think I need to find one for myself.
Grocery shopping with my monkey later.
Snacks for our weekend3
hey just checkin on ya.
Hope everythings good.
:
Catch jack hanna and his animal troupe on 10TV this morning  also let us know...would you like to see more red light cameras in Cbus?
Thanks, Carl!
Emailed you the 2 images.
With iPads for both?
I like it.
Count me in if you need library support.
When doctorg and Modern Dance Collide  New Yorker
6 circles will always perfectly surround, with their edges touching, another circle of that same size.
Try this with 7 coins
If a parade is boring, run in the opposite direction.
You will fastfoward the parade.
Fans have been awaiting your returns for weeks.
This is gonna be the and show this weekend w/ 150 yds and 2 TD's!
3 or 4 beers will change that.
You dont love someone for their looks, their clothes, or their fancy car.
You love them because they make you happy
Earl, Dave, Smitty just linkedup with Sebastion Junger and crew from Restrepo.
Going to to knock back a few //
not sure if its official, but its been said it was his cancer.
lol so much animosity....calm down haha
We love it too!
: RT I love it!!
RT : Jugo de Tampico , the red one 
DamnDMX got too many kids and a bottle of Hennessy, shouldn't have
thank youu!
I'll need it!
lol I feel ya.
RT : I need a concert, pronto.
I'm ready to die.
Anybody who thinks the hymns have no place in our worship today is mistaken.
Be Thou My Vision grabbed me tonight.
Powerful powerful song
Indy tomorrow.
Who else is going to be there?
Channing Tatum is sitting at the table next to us.
Lance might have a heart attack.
Get my ass up
At sipping Boom Boom Chai and chatting, recalling that Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Thanks for the Thrive RT!!!!
23 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
RT : RT : I hate it when people DM me, but don't follow me, and thus I can't respond.
I walked 2 miles in the barrio...
One house blasting mariachi, truck backing up with llorando so fuethe weird beep beep one, the taco guys
aww ok...so is that where u live
Check out www.myfamilyroundtable.com to hear the latest program, stay tuned this weekend when we interview Scott Hamilton.
An Oversimplification of Her Beauty  Wonderful film!!
We are TRULY inspired
I've always considered myself more of an arbiter of smell.
we good lalacece
We swim cuz is like 80 degrees or somethingg
that was a tough loss....to many early turnovers....
You were fake, I was great.
Nothing personal.
Meet Emily from and the crew from at Hedo Days Swing party.
Message for details.
Pig Roast, Live Band, photo booth!!
follow me please im italian:
We'd love to do a reality show on !
dont know if u caught the bulls game but BIGdisappointment for me!!
and  great meeting you guys and sharing dinner at Gluecon.
Need gamification?
I'm getting a new office chair today for my home office!
Can't wait to go shopping for it tonight!
good!!!
You should and yes so busy love summer!!!!
how do we change our hours on the Downtown Pgh Partnership site?
whatever you do...
make sure you get pickles with it!!!
Gayle's Miracles were on the Today Show this morning...
thanks Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl and the Cooking Channel!
Tired, but gotta keep on moving!!
Watching Final Four on TV and DC United on internet.
Hope DC United has a better result than last week.
It seems like for your 1000th tweet, you should get some sort of badge or something.
Or maybe an extra 10 characters.
Life and lying azz friends ....keep it moving please!
dnt start stuuf and expect the person u stated it not to finish it thts crazy for sayin stuuf ur gonna get stuff in return
Game 1: Dallas Mavericks or Portland Trail Blazers?
Cause the boys n da hood are always hard..
come talking that trash will pull ya card.

The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Right Bring 1D to Omaha Nebraska
Huge!!!!!
Mega break
If you want to reach to a Latam market and don't know how to, just think of creating a great video on youtube or a banner on a news site
uh no YOUR mesh top is aggressive.
congrats on your high school team hamiltonhuskies going for a fourth straight state championship and 54 game streak!
your welcome :
F18 crashed into homes  Virginia Beach.
We got in on air in the last 4 minutes of show.
Holy Hell, we are slowing down.
Don't give up!
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL 3
Dinner with our Csuite tonight.
Watch Passion of the Christ.
that was bullying at its worst!
If you don't give that sap the additional 200k you deserve nightmares.
Ugly
Don't forget to remind your clients, all California homes need to have a carbon monoxide detector as of July 1st.
you may have a point there
ANGEL 8.0 is generally available!
www.blackboard.com/angel
Pretty Stoked!!
Radio interview in 45 minutes!!!
Heck yea!!
You read right!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry.
That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
David Bissonnett
oh my goodness...your pic is EPIC!!!
Good to see u on here bud ;
ambition doctorps on my bday live
Congrats!
RT : When I see my Mother again, I will tell her that I was elected Vice President of the STC.
And she will be proud.

...
Pat Condell has produced hours of brilliant video to this end, but no one really thinks such defenses will be up to the challenge.
I want to take my baby to magic mountain...
Being hungover at work always seems like such a fine idea the night before
if he doesn't get through ill just cry
FOLLOW ME I NEED ATTENTION
l like school.
But the learning part?
Yeah, that's gotta go.
Welcome to twitter.
I think some of the people here in Golden Gate Park may be on the dope.
Lunch at Bar Bar, fed and ready for more information!
I'm sorry, but a lower price is not available.
i dont love her
Nice meeting you ,
An event 3 months in the making is finally upon us!
See everyone tonight for the / crab feast/doctorft party!
The fans that are staying are making up for the hordes leaving.
Congrats on I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOU!
I can't wait until the Meet  Greet pictures go up on Austin's Facebook tomorrow!!!:
aye ppl be goin in on twitter lmao 2 funny
M that's a delicious combo.
A spicy kick to the tongue!
Thanks for stopping by.
Thank you sir!
Can I please see your face soon?
How is my baby Bruiser?
I agree!
I guess us West Coasters will have to wait.
I am waiting for CA dates.
Seattle too since I will be up there in July.
So many concerts so little time www.christianmusic.com/brumder.htm Great job getting all the bookings
Guys I seriously have about three friends at school that I'm comfortable talking to.
Seriously.
tomorow is a freaking HOLIDAY!
so why do i have to go to school?
Happy Daylight Savings Time!
If you are heading to Balboa Park the Timken Museum of Art has free admission.
hmm 4 page paper due Thursday.
I should probably start that
lmao ok cool :
i haven't slept in two days because of making music im hallucinating its fine though this is what we do
Quotes from clients along the way  You both are so gifted for the fitness industry and there needs to be more instructors like you
It's humorous, don't hold back.
Just another day for me haha
GreekChat Q1: We must develop private, shared learning platforms to promote open communication  create harmony in the community
Just signed up for 2 classes, good stuff coming up.
It's crazy that just putting one song in a car commercial can make a band so big
thanks sis, it was a marvellously happy day : and it continues...
Flurries in Alabama  not entirely unexpected, but still...
that sounds interesting : Ill look forward to it.
Tux!
we see you in 2 weeks from today!!!!!
You are beautiful, we all are beautiful in our own way!!!
Grease my scalp so I know it's real !!!
Terribly sorry to hear of your loss.
I need a hug.
A beer will have to do.
rub rub rub
Nothing better than hanging with Female SuperFans!
Count me in.
Any big time games that weekend?
Survival Sunday?
There Will Be Blood in my pants

I think we both have the coolest jobs!
Good!
And you?
teamescaladetx is pumped about the INCREDIBLE charities participating!
Vote  change a life, Share the word,  act to make a difference!
Locked myself out of my work email on Friday evening.
Now my morning routine is destroyed.
Yes baby
Shout out to my EX...thank you for letting me see...how you didn't deserve me 
Yeah, but going back to Cleveland might be appealing?
I dunno.
Nothing JUST happens!!!
thanks for the follow!!
you are amazing
Face B?
Happy one day early anniversary to your completelycustom, uniquelyAlbuquerque, openair trolley!
STIX the CAT sez, boohoo!!
sniffsniff!!
the GSA  check it out!
More PC, dude.
My day is smooth becauss I actually did some homework last night
Bonsallpalooza 2012, Pala Casino, May 5th  Benefit Concert to Fund Music  Art programs at Bonsall School District
Totally wanting to make some more vanilla bean cupcakes.
So moist n fluffy!
No problem!
Thanks.
Who else would enjoy this?!
Join at Disney World for our biggest conference of the year, Mashable Connect!
mashcon
I just got stale bread from in Miramar.
Isn't that ironic for a restaurant chain whose slogan is
After CP3, our series MVPs are Reggie Evans and Eric Bledsoe.
I'll just leave that in your brain for a second...
FARO's 3DConference kicks off with intro by CEO Jay Freeland.
Heavy on desire to be 'distruptive' in the 3D space, the Focus3D is proof.
Don't believe the hype.
If you're reading it on TechCrunch, it's too late.
at
watching!
Thanks!!!
Have a wonderful Tuesday!!!
nahh on my computer
ATTN: unsigned dancers,djs,singers join our Team send us an email if you're TALENTED b/c WE GOT work!
I can tell from that bieber tweet tonight lol
Happy High Fest to all!
where the hoes bros?
Are there 25 more followers out there that find providing informative tweets for healthy gut, healthy life?
Playback being added to the RED EPIC in November?
I sure hope so!
yay!!
great movie!
RT : Chronicle 2 is happening.
Can't wait
Ford to build 760 million plant in China Ford, in a bid to catch up with GM and VW in the world's largest auto market, said it will buil
What, like we aren't going to realize that Berggren was at the scorer's table trying to check in?
I want Sims 3 so bad now owo
being all rude n' shit , stupid .
my phone usually say I gotta tweet or someone retweeted me , my keyboard fuckin up to
day day bout to get followed moo
looking for Austin band to start vitriolic and public feud/rivalry.
could use publicity.
At Dick's Den listening to some pretty smooth tunes.
I haven't played Wii in soo long.
I'm excited :D
RT : May God continue to protect our troops, keeping them safe and bring them home to a grateful nation.
SPECIAL Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only 49.
19 kid's  counting?
WTF u need to STOP counting!
Happy birthday I hope you get everything you wished for and more.
I'll pray that you do : 3
After 2 lessons and 4 hrs of practice, my arm feels ready to fall off, and it's only 1pm.
Hm, what's left to work on...?
she's totally mine, too.
Nike gear too RT : Oregon's run to the BCS champ.
game caused revenue to go from 59 million to 122.4 million in a year
No worries.
Australia, thats sweet!
Help us spread the word N hopefully we can get R asses out there for show sometime LOL
I wish You Would Hit UP Kansas City .
Missouri !
Thats Where Its Hype all day .
You really need to come to KC though :
Kevin Correia is a trashcan version of Paul Martin
11 more minutes!
:
Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney.
Preview of coming events.
Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???
My Big Time Superheroes will forever be , , , and I LOVE YOU GUYS!
BEST BAND EVER!!
ready to tweet tweet in 3rd, with
Women and nonrock guitarists are well represented in a way that I really appreciate.
But Tom Morello is
Incredible kitchens!
Thank you for your son!
Make sure you follow and you will see how deep the rabbithole goes.
Lost Kingdom: Hawaii's Last Queen...
They must of been fairly bad if you have to get rid of then.
Congrats to Bill Carmen of Hollister.
Proud owner of a new 2010 Harleydavidson Street Bob.
: Vvvvrrrooooooom!
You are probably right.
Tho leaving out Is he black/white?
question before He looks black statement is particularly wicked.
Just got back from the gym..
Looked at color wheel did a great job A in my book..
aww shitty : well next time for sure.
Glad u liked it
Thanks to for always bringing it on the floor!
Congrats to ChristopherPlummer who strikes a huge blow for LgbtQ people with his incredible performance!
If you're not moving forward you're being left behind.
me too
Playing at Tipitina's tonight!!!
We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens, 10pm!!!
THE WEEKEND IS HERE TIME FOR THE SPELLCAST TOP 10 CUTS OF THE MONTH!
Some people act like it's there first day.on earth every day.....
Heat doctorp 3 in a row.
Looking forward to the games tomorrow and the
The Wolf was Frank Norris' uncompleted final work, following wheat grown in The Octopus and sold in The Pit to a European village
Thanks for FF, here's to a fab weekend!
Good morning sunshine!!!
Were in the FINALS!
102.1 The X Presents The Studio B Concert Series Finals  Capital Ale House 12/22/11..
BE THERE!!
RVA RuAgYpSy?!
HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there...
Remember!
This Friday is our doctorSS DOWN DAY!
3 gets you out of uniform!
Please follow the guidelines listed in your handbook.
When they said that Believe tickets were going to be out in May they should have also mention that it was going to be May 2095
Travis Porter feat Tyga  Ayy Ladies 
On my way to the Pepsi Center.
Ok, finally out of my pj's.
Morning of blissful nothingness over.
Let productivity commence!
that sounds delicious!
Website coming soon
ThatOnePersonInSchool who buys like 248462734 cookies at lunch every day and still manages to be skinny..
amen re Spinelli.
And no more Jackal PI film noire sequences either.
Does this mean you did not buy his book?
At the omni.
The W was sold out when we tried to book rooms.
APAC ASSEMBLY WEEKEND 2011 IS ONLY DAYS AWAY!!!
TELL YO GIRLS!
TELL YO GUYS!
TELL YO MITTENS AND KITTENS!
Outside is a beautiful thing.
w/ and
Cool.
Fun.
I hope had a Great
Taken Single  and i hope not to be for long
followed...Follow back
Very true , we realize the stakes  takes its role very seriously
keep thinkin that
Blonde...ing.
As of today the Mets are the 2 WildCard :
Why be RichForever when I can be RichForeva ??
Fa Eva Eva ??
Fa Eva Eva !!
MFBP 
thank you!
i am going to do social studies homework.
hard wish me luck for a i have a bunch!
literally wanna be at school so bad, but id prob get everyone sick so its good im not!!
Thanks to you, you're very kind!
Why Digital Publishing Now?
International Investments, timing, unmet usage, internet usage, online is essential.
More sales!!
Did,One
It's good to be back on Twitter.
8 days without being able to use Twitter is to much
people in glass houses shouldnt throw stones.
They should throw stripper parties
sounds amazing
Volunteered to work at the old job at 6a.
Did not think this through ahead of time.
LOVE!
RT : RT : He who must engage in a constant series of vacations may have missed his vocation.
:
Anyone else headed to 's mixer tonight?
Lmao that's crazy
Bill's the star!
Hash hangover
Signed up for Helium and AC but never posted there yet, I hear mixed things.
: told you bout doing the robot and the Freddie Kruger at church.
Lol.
Felt obligated in Black History month.
Lol
if its for stuff you have to do then it's okay.
I'll let him know.
yeah but then you'd have nothing to wash your underwear in
I just played Frankenstein by Edgar Winter on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Serious ?
Warm up Hoffman?
So since your grasp of Nowinski is so superior, where pray tell in his work does he conclude that concussions  suicide...
?
I can doctoram that it becomes permanent return, right?
;D
Appreciate that !
Hope everything's going well in prep for your SoulFull Summit!
Follow back please : I saw u perform in Albany at the better with you tour.
You were amazing :b
Remember when FOX showed archive footage with palm trees in the background and claimed it was in Wisconsin?
oloimega 
need sleep
Looking forward to reading the ARC of Nancy ClancyFancy Nancy for our growing readers.
The kids will love this!
It's hot and i'm wearing cargo pants and a black long sleeve.
Staying in Rochester, but moving in with the bf who lives in the Winton neighborhood.
Square Pusher is playing the Wonder Ballroom.
Fear the figure, get lost in the loop.
You are correct, but so is bad business advice.
Learning to follow your gut is the key skill for entrepreneurs to develop.
updating and reading twitter through xbox?
nice!
we hope you make your flight!
The school number in Santiago is 3034955963 or 22334356 once you're in Chile
over here NBC sports network over here
Sorry, I've been a bit out of the loop lately, despite not having as good a reason as working your hours.
Does Coach Knight really have a twitter?
received an email from letting me know that my donations will help fund projects in ethiopia and malawi!
KU Relay Party Tomorrow Afternoon My Apt
Oh really?
That's how you feel?
Kobe the best player 30 but D.Wade is the best in the league.
snappin' necks, cashin' checks.
you know, the usual.
you good?
this is the best twitter account.
Good point that it's limited by industry.
Odious practice.
You'd think talent acquisition folks would have more imp.
things to do.
thats what best friends are for :
i must be excited, i woke up this morning, hearing that song Carol King was famous for Anticipation ....
6 days till Christmas Yikkes!!
Rejection keeps me working.
harder.
hahah and to think I was going to marry him.
No thanks dude
haha your butt
hi, i would be really happy if you like saw this and followed me.
3 :
Need to get my spanish up
saw the family dollar marvel figures at a dollar general last night.
Just ate a late dinner of green beans and white rice.
Off to bed now.
Peace I'm put of here!
is that the tear face?
Is it the girls?
JB aka is coming?!
That is cause for celebration!
It's Micah's bday on Friday though...maybe Saturday?
Care about the Constitution?
I published a constitutional law journal article on Congress role to protect religious liberty.
Some people be worried about the wrong thing; be having their priorities mixed up!!!
Smh Time waits for no one!!!
imadeleter for sure
Somehow I've ended up writing a mystery.
I don't write mysteries.
How did this happen?
were not following each other
Trouble sleeping at night?
Begin tying up loose ends in your mind.
Having an estate plan set in place can help create more peace and order
oh god, imaaa get a ton of shit for what I just did, ohgeeeze
THANK GOD ERROR NUNEZ GOT SENT DOWN TO A!!
Hopefully this will get his head out of his ass  comes back better
Feeling bored
I think you have been that guys the definition of goon to a goblin
New CD Shells...
and the Day I Found Them Now Up on iTunes.
Free Downloads on Facebook!
Remember to Like us on Facebook and iTunes.
3
SARCASM Cus beating the shit out of people is illegal.
Did you miss your chance to audition for American Idol?
We may just have an alternative for you this fall...more info soon :
Finally caught up on TheVoice.
I enjoyed Kim, Mathai, Tony Vincent, Pip, Juliet, and Jamar.
Loved seeing Get Low last night especially with Robert Duvall there doing a QA afterward.
A great film and an amazing actor!
absolutely!!
thank who was the producer that chose that story!!
:
Send me sum beats cuzo???
i need sum heat for dc terrorizer GOON MOLLY
Gotta talk to you homegirl.
You gotta get your boy a job
Every time.
I listen 2 I remember hip hop.
This Mofo real
lol I was going to!!
i would like to introduce you to Ruff n Smooth the swagger boys check youtube.com Ruff n Smoothswagger.
Thank you to , and the sponsors for lunch.
Also, thank you to for putting up with me.
Marion just got t'd thanks to the TIM DUNCAN rule
Klesla just put a monster hit on the boards.
It starts with the parents.
It's been a long few weeks for the twentysomething Indy team.
Sorry we've been absent lately!
The low in New Orleans next week will be hotter than the high has been here this summer This should be fun
lmao , love my nigga for we haven't been around eachother for a whole day since last summer I missed you kidd
Thanks for sharing!!!
Hope you have a great day!
enjoyed your piece on crowdfunding!
very informativeinsightful.
btw: do u have an ETA on styl.caps availability?
you're so cool because you dgaf and you're a bitch to everyone mhm
Galleries are selling across the continent.
Are you buying?
Support your favorite artist today.
doctoram date with Bucky?
I'd challenge him to some sort of fun olympiad: footrace, handstand contest, danceoff, sumo wrestlin, etc
Time for session number 3.
All about social signon
What better way to increase health care costs  Fatal accidents then a No Helmet law.
typical GOP
Kinda wish I would of went to tonights game but last nights game was pretty fun..
Agreed.
Totally.
RT she's amazing.
I loved loved loved Tiny Furniture
It's 7PM on a Sunday.
By which I mean I'm watching Planet Earth and doctornking tea.
Being called ugly, by someone ugly  LMFAO.
Bitch, get real.
Well goodnight y'all.
If you haven't yet seen the new Best of Step by Step Wire Jewelry, check it out!
On newsstands now!
It's full of BEAUTIFUL projects.
whatever makes you feel bigger...
What night are you trying to come out?
We are doing a big party this Sunday for Presidents day at Dirty Bar!
with adobe CS, I use Photoshop, acrobat pro, in design or illustrator almost everyday.
And that's only half the package.
Hey, you watching?
would that be the case for most Americans.
Upstanding public image but dirty laundoctor in the closet.
the industrialization of the wine business in many of the big growing regions, where fruit, and wood, and crush become commodities .
.
.
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I think yo daddy pulled out too soon when he made you
Being nauseous and light headed all day thanks to the smell of my coworkers lotion is worse than pregnancy MS sickness.
: I haven't showered in 2 days...
maybe I should take one today...
nah :  
RT : Communicate like a human, people.
The answer is 11.
Why does everyone keep posting that equation today?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
God, I love you!
You tell em!
Iwannameet my Favourite boy  He'd love me , I swear ; !!
:D
Yo ass could of tweeted me
We focus too much on differences in our culture instead of highlighting what we have in common as human beings.
sentimental tweet?
uncalled for we still have a couple more weeks
What's an adult book?
I haven't picked up one of those in years!
Yes i am finally on twitter!
also congrats to for making it on espn page 2!
So whats Your Next Goal?
Espn 8: The Ocho?
Lafayette bound.
thatmomentwhen you know you're going to sigh, but you do it anyway
: Ohhmygoodnesss comes in two days exited : CANNOT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRL :
Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our doctorss!
We'd definitely love another round :
PLEASE FOLLOW ME:
Just had to get out of the car and stand for the star spangled banner at the movies.
totowe'renotinCanadaanymore
This weekend is about to be epic
DO EET.
Awesome read.
Astounding story.
RT One day, one thought, one feeling and one purpose and if action is taken you will change the world!!
had some weird doctoram about you !!!
thank you: yep you will
Please stop all that whining.
U r starting to sound like a lil bitch!
I MISS YOU!
No, just loving mom :
i have to go to my doctorappointment holla at you later and i will send you the youtube link for precise music video it's on me
Sorry cam newton along with ur ego you are NOT sexy at any age
nice!
I'm sure you'll be hot
Waking up to see that everything is okay.
The first time in my life and it's so great.
So ready for tomorrow.
interesting.
Tx!
Wondering why MFGlobal not compared with Bear.
Two canaries in a gold mine.
Volatility around Greece shaking weak players; will kill later
My daughter's dad made me a mix 100 years ago...
I love how it has Paul Simon's 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover on it :
ohh and that good
Ima be your one guy; you'll be my number one girl, always making time for you...
Girl I love, girl I love you.
Screw it I'm going on the roof!
Katie, is it for professorssional athletes only?
Are you in it?
Hope all is well with you.
Our website is down right now due to spammers...be up and running soon.
gotta love vintaging
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send her flowers
First student has arrived.
Just 23 more.
I've had several calls of delayed flights so it might turn into a longer day than planned.
Shawn of the dead is one of my fav zombie movies
you bein serious?
Who needs friends with all the haters i have?
Keeps me motivated ;
RT : If u support Gay Marriage you have no MORALS WHAT SO EVER.....
that's kinda harsh
I'm Happy , Positive ,  Blessed Is Because Of God !
That Fact I Never Stress OR Worry About Things I Have NO CONTROL OVER
NABShow Takeaway I am astounded by the ingenuity of my peers, NAB can be humbling.
I need an iPad.
There is more but I am hungry.
seriously made me LOL
RAW doctoram Team member Nick Delpopolo will be fighting for his spot on the US Olympic Team this Sat!
RT to show your support!!
The new Auto Insurance guy looks like a doctorfter who would have hacked to pieces in the trunk of his car.
Woke up hungry.
hahaha it was so awesome..
It used to be two but word processors now leave enough room that you only need one.
I just found that out a few months ago.
They skipped etta james in the video?!
Thank you as well.
My flight on KLM was great.
: Not so much on other airlines last week.
exactly what I do!!
But I still failed 2 classes and got fired because I can't wake up lol
I hate overtime so much...
what is a CL sale?!
I miss the Meatball Shop so much
Liverpool make it 21 Manchester City, courtesy of a ridiculous penalty decision .
It's Friday night!
Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;
The more experience we get the more we want what we pushing for!
Fck it we out!!
Just arrived in St.
Louis....60's and sunshine!
Going to bra nice long weekend with family!
We just released 4 new Rulesets on the platform to better help our customers become masters of social content curation!
: much to love in Porgy!
I value Sondheim's impassioned support of the great masterwork of American music theatre.
it's not my intention to become rich in this world but to inspire, influence, create an eternal imprint on lost souls thru fine art  media
some of the best writers out there have gotten a push here an there.
It only helps them grow!
freeze your mind and your ass will follow.
Thank you!
One day, when I'm traveling back and forth between the coasts, working like mad...I WILL!
Are.
You.
Kidding.
Me.
Who is going to be here for Memorial Day Weekend?
Have a Fabulous Friday!
Thanks for the mention!
Just checked the Roku and it
If twitter isn't a doctorg then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
What do you call a man who cleans out toilets ?Lou !
no problem.
gotta support local beer!
You flirting w everybody...
i peeped 
Overdosing on vitamin C.
Anyone wanna help out a race car team?
Looking for sponsor partners for Rally America: Oregon Trail Rally,
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
Stop that.
RT Almost Monday, just gotta get through this weekend and we can get back to work!
Those times when ur sister singing and u wanna yell stfu u suck lln
Now that I'm over you, you decide to like me again?
Sorry babe, but it doesn't work that way.
not in my household it's not.
what's the best gift you've gotten?
Little doctorgon station just 'gets me' this morning
Twitter is all the rage on the internet, but it's not just a cool toy
I didn't want him to die, I think he would have been a great FRIEND, friend not lover, I think it was crucial for him to die.
Last 2 of 5 photography jobs were from Silicon Valley siliconvalley
chicks that hate other chicks cuz they hoes...
well I never !
if he like a hoe I clearly don't wanna fk wit him eazy !
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like.
Design is how it works.
Steve Jobs
So how many Kardashian sex tapes is this now?
A hearty congratulations to Steve Saz Sazama for being named Southern Wisconsin Restaurant Association's Restauranteur of the year!
Lets hope the news out of San Diego isnt true.
Too many shootings.
Another NFLer dies by gun???
We will be raffling off three PSU slyder football game day additions during blue and white weekend.
Stop by  sign up
Coming out to to get an autograph from Penguin, ?
Stop by CB after and check out our new outdoor furniture!
RT : RT : you know how good the record is going to be when their press release is even awesome
In that strange part of the day where there's only just enough time left to waste.
Lucky :D what happened??
: That's what I've been waiting for.
Gassing up Barbara's Honda budgie at the UDF.
I've had a few of your varieties and I'm amazed how distinct each type of coffee bean is.
It's like wine tasting!
Delish
Ann Arbor I am in you!!
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland.
And it costs 1.50 a can.
Definitely worth it though.
join me  get a 10 credit.
connect to inspiring people, vegans, andoctorw zimmern, etc bizarrefoods click here:...
Good to see you, Barry Sanders.
Love this!
If you know anyone looking to be inspired into book publishing, we're looking for an intern.
1000 ways to die
Believes needs to help us start a group called the Backbeard Boys!
thank you for following us .
I do it in my head first.
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
I hate that!
Tnks!
Can't wait 2 ck out .
Sounds amazing!
Love 2 cycle!!
We are giving away 10 rings but the contest doesn't end til Oct 31st!
have a great time in London.
Praying God's goodness over you tonight!
Blessings!
unless yr Rick Santorum  then you've turned the clock back to the 14th century
for employee or company?
don't say such things!!
What's goin on??
I'm scene not emo
2 Tapas and DOUBLE BELLY POINTS?
Why aren't you for happy hour right now?!
Ok cool man
don't forget that we have the best player in this serious!
CP3 leading us!
They got no real leader.
One more hr of fundoctorising.
Join us w/your pledge  8004999246 or online It's Match Day!
Your pledge will count twice as much.
I get what you're saying financially but he had a choice to stay and serve suspension.
It's called accountability.
emorydisc Price: autismfriendly conferences let attendees sit, stand, lie down as they need.
Handwaving preferred to clapping.
He's going.
To much going on for him, Good thing I got to see him last night.
3
SERIOUSLY!!!???
So excited.
Luna Bars here I come!
: Hope you are well!
Wonder if we'll find out he sold a bunch of shares right before the oped was published!
Twitter just got interesting
7am dance team practice?
Getting into a religious discussion in my english class.
I almost tweeted about my hatred towards you but then I decided not to be a mean girl..
Because I'm not one.
Don't take pride in being mean.
Crawford did participate in today's shootaround.
Will do!
Stay tuned.
Substitute Teacher: Does ur normal teacher let u do tht Students: YES
Go down the Breaking Bad road!
Wow...
Talk about pressure, I have one fucking shot at NYSSMA, there's no next year for me...
Either gonna be freaking excited or morbidly depressed all by one goal...
S/o for all the promo
i'm pretty sure there isnt late start
stratconf Does one of the speakers have his laptop audio turned on because there's a terrible echo.
Might get my Monroee pierced soon : haha
it's kinda fucked up how we're born just to die.
Catch the 9pm Indie Team Harold Night at PHIT this evening for just 5 with the password: We named the dog Indiana!
Wanna wish my mom n my aunt a happy birthday.love u all
Oh, it's Nice to hear you lived here!
if your referring to me, hell yea I want it
Now would be the perfect time for a hot guy to pop out of a bush and ask me to marry him ReadyWhenYouAre 
Attorneys: Do you know where your REFERRALS are coming?
You can do eet.
:
Have a safe and HOPPY New Year Lee
Up early working on a long overdue painting..
Yep feelin artsy!!!!
Confession: The hope of leaving this place and starting new are the only things keeping me alive.
that tis the mission!
;D
what r they digging?
Is that why my recent package came back U.T.F?
I hope if nba is locked out, I hope stern makes sure that the nonsense that 6 pulled never happens again
Thanks for the birthday shout!
Just came back from a conference and saw it.
Tomorrow is going to be epic for me and
I'm alllmooost done with this semester
Scrambled eggs and bacon?
or just oatmeal for breakfast???
Ben Rudnick kicks off a beautiful day in the Good Kids tent at the LIGFest.
Come on down for a great day!
Just tapped PORT BREWING HOP15 Imperial IPA!!!
Today may be the day you've been waiting for.
Hoboken NJ bound!
Have to go where work is!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS this Tuesday at Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue 4th Floor, NYC.
Class is 20.
hell yeah!
See that?
Who's hands is the ball in?
Kobe's.
No questions asked
I listen to you show every day while taking my son to school....
So funny, I love you guys!!
ITS COOL I MADE FRIENDS WITH THE TEES ONES MANE KAYL AN THE OTHERS NAMES JOHN LMAO
God did his thing praise Christ!!!!!!!
Our May 12th show in Wichita is cancelled, bo!
But on the plus side, we're working on other dates in April and May here in OKC.
Yay!!!
HEW members, don't forget to Vote today  its your right, so please use it!
Julio Maldonado
Charismatic Canada Geese gathering in parking lot of Calvary Baptist in South Bend.
Obviously they are Northern Baptists.
I shall give him a listen then.
any particular song?
Too true...
RT It is at first upsetting but then strangely calming, that moment when you realize that you really are an idiot.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're widely more techniques of being dead, or instead not alive.
Leave a message after the beep.
When finished, hang up, or press hashtag for more options.
Hi Austin!!
; how wuz ur day???
also whts ur fav part of church for u??
Ugh almost the weekend..
This is absolutely unbelievable bullshit.
The owner was worried for the safety of her and his other patrons.
What a dick, she seemed sweet.
collegehumor killed me Get Amir and Jake at on of your concerts to perfom with you Well actually not jake Just amir
A2: Many companies have auto replies when position was filled.
Kind of nice to have the closure.
Hard to find better company than the crew, thanks!
Also, really hope I put the motor oil down the right hole.
Jesus.
we had an accident the day before, so she wanted to be prepared.
Is it bad that I'm going to obnoxiously vote for Jessica Sanchez because I know how much loves her?
life is great....
the only thing I'm missing is sleep.
Yo casey holla at your brother my 21st bday coming up and im in new york i wanna meet him before he plays the jets!
Congrats to Robert Brennan, who will represent the at the annual IFA symposium in April!
On WomenTransformation Movement Call with Dawnna St Louis and other powerful women.
Dial in number 7124323100 conf ID 471980.
Join now.
are you posted up in the bathroom yet?
:
you can reenter if you're 21.
if not, no
Big day for GreenBay Packers fans!
The NFL will release its full 2012 schedule tonight at 7pm, 4pm.
GoPackGo!
I'll get the MD liquor lobby pays well!
good to see you yesterday!
nah bro WE gone make it
indiana's weather is so bipolar.
we had 80 degrees weather in the winter  like 40s60s in the spring :
Same reason different day...cant believe i almost went against my moms words for u
I want a SkeeLo hologram to perform at my birthday....
Oh I can afford the real thing??
Just realized i didnt even eat dinner yet.
Lol, oh well yolo.
I also got a tour of the ITU Grand Final course in Aucklandit's going to be awesome!
Happy Mothers Day!!
I have volleyball tryouts today, wish me luck?3
born of osiris?
I def didn't think it through...
Geez
Wouldn't miss it for all the teacups in doctorsden.
my night is consisting of homework.
m/
Yee with the new licensed doctorver
the nontour stuff is usually on anvil, which is pretty industrystandard.
:
DMB movie night FINALLY in action.
who knew: all it took to find out a movie is on On Demand was doctorving around for 2 hrs searching for it.
About to make some music in NYC.
I love this city.
U.S.
soldier accused of killing Afghans: from Ft Lewis, assigned to remote special ops site in Afg, working with Green Berets or Navy SEALS
Georgetown City Council member Brad Penn confirms Greg Reeves has been relieved of his duty as chief of police by Mayor Everette Varney.
Biron's thoughts on Orpik's hit: I saw it the whole way  2b honest with you it crossed my mind to just go all the way down because it was..
verizon welcome center is not the right place to lodge a complaint, transferred again...
!
This is out of control.
Great Pilates class yesterday!
Good workout!
WordsINeedToHear Paul Macca: I'M GOING BACK TO BOLOGNA SOON
hiding.
aha
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am.
Join our computer experts and get the computer training you need, on the subject you want!
The Deep Blue Organ Trio is back in the studio!
ItsAmazingHow some people just come into your life so fast, and they change it forever.
In Franco class he tripping if he think I am bout to do this whole packet
Infinity to 1!!!!
you don't deserve any hate.
i mean, you give so much support to cody!!!!!
you are a really dedicated angel.
: 3
Today california governor Jerry Brown signed a new law giving financial aid to illegal immigrants for college.
Are you fing serious?!
Brow
I pushed airplane mode on my phone and no peanuts nor ice cream appeared.
My job would be a hell of a lot easier if I didn't have to follow up with people 57 times for things.
hey Jory king how r u
TED seriously looks hilarious
Do all these sportswriters reporting Wakefield to announce retirement realize they are actually announcing his retirement for him?
Dudes that subtweets that's that shit I don't like
Another stellar event tonight!
I always leave with something valuable, whether it's a new potential client or useful info.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live Tonight At The Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee Ave Chicago
Off to sleep.
Goodnight.
yes!!!!!
I was looking for that this morning!!!
Merry Christmas  Happy New Year to the Entire Tweet Nation!
You think the nias you with is with you?
When we stop chasing security, faith catches up to us and all is well.
Ever open your mouth and spend the rest of the day wishing you hadn't?
Yeah...
Why does that feeling persist?
Just saw the Creation Records documentary.
So many great bands.
Much was made of label's crazy debauchery.
Felt normal to me!
How will you spread joy today?
Pretty amazing.
My friend's iPad App, Paper, is the Number ONE free app at the Apple App store.
He's an artistic genius from Bethel
Note to self: Never order the salmon burger.
Stick with the crab cakes or reg burger.
Dette Glashauer is a performance artist coming to Atlanta.
Solo show enthusiasts and folks who dig cool work, be forewarned!
12/818th.
how do u chang a name on here??
Need to rub my eyes, a run!
In the first!
RT RT : For what it's worth, I'm sorry.
And at the end I swear, I'm trying.
word, now I can call ppl lol
A demain a Old Town!
French Meetup at 7h30!
Okay time to go for now
good to know!
I couldn't imagine sitting through multiple takes in the boardoctorom.
Once with all that doctorma is plenty!
;
Wrapping it up for today.
Another successful day editing and creating...almost time to share with the public.
Briefcase, coming soon!
DC food truck inspection complete.
passed with flying colors!
Too.
Much.
Shots.
both  will present Web Accessibility in Large Organization's on June 21.
bit.ly/jpExM2
Fucking customer keeps calling  asking for a quote even though I keep telling him I'm not an inspirational mother fucker
Out of school already districts 
Need more gift ideas?
Gift your favorite Grove Wine, maybe you'll get lucky and they will open it with you :
You have officially brought the ruckus re: Girls.
That exciting moment when you find your own work photodocumented by someone else!
Molly jensons music is eAsygoing fun sincere and an excellent listen with a lil punch...
highly highly recommend
Just realized I look like a walking JCrew ad today.
...the best medicine, eh?
Have a great day!
You are amazing Brady!
and you and Jarrett are the hottest couple ever ; Maddy
Thanks M!
Anytime
When hurting deepens?
Needs to pull yourself out of the situation and recalculate and weigh whats best for you :
leave it hol up
Never in a million years did I ever expect to be writing and tweeting about a Jeffrey Dahmer Groupon today.
RIP Levon Helm, the man who sang my favorite song.
I dunno if new york is degrading my language skills or if the sandwich i am having is just that good but i just said this amazing.
Where did all my content go?
oh yeah, i'm on the dev site.
Whew.
The waiting game begins I have to stay on holy grounds for 55 mins
hey John it's Johnathan we met last night!
Woman told shes too big to fly www.tncnews.com
Its a mental for Joel..
Jaycee peed on my pops...
Whips and chains are my thing!
up late just thinking
Stormie's Grandpa opens the door  she threw the cigarette at me  it landed on my lap!
Lmfao!
RT : RT Damn that's dick, no wonder girls hate guys, what she had on her phone is her own private pictures
Staying Up For A While..
We've got a rocking spot at 20th and Alberta on the south side of the street.
Stoked for !
i need to be honest with myself and stop buying fresh artichokes
Really nice acting job is done by Stanley Tucci as the timeless Caesar Flickerman!
It was in fact the day before yesterday.
LMMFAO
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.29
The yarns Obama works into his speeches are always abt such boring ppl.
Why not tell stories abt guys who like to eat money and fire people?
Broke my glasses, tore my contacts.
FML.
I've actually never had one : Think I've been missing out.
But I ran into a mailbox once.
still on a mission to find fat Syd!
its now or never.
We at home too...
Has anyone visited google.com?
the logo is a guitar and you can play it.
New!
Wild Boar Bratwurst.
Delicioso!
True.
Although I get way more out of dinner with my husband than I get out of him watching sports center.
:
She may not look like much kid, but she'll make .5 past lightspeed...
I Followed me Math teacher on Twitter...
:D
I know man.
Why would you want to do it knowing it will kill you
ayy man its good!
keep up the work
this way since 18 
Congrats!
Those cookies are deeeeeeeeelish!
Need a QualityDJ to host your next mixtape or event?
Use who and use   he is TheBest!!!!!!
Hurt my fingers, destroys my starcraft apm.
I know you have a girlfriend, but i still appreciate a public boob check.
Don't waste time being unhappy, everything happens for a reason.
So just smile and be thankful for everything you have in your life..
happy Easter 3's!!!
Hope ur day is full of happiness  joy!xoxo Moni
Thanks for the retweet!
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you?
Me.
Likewise.
I better see some space matter falling or else I'm gonna riot.
Hard.
Sounds like Alexander's been doing the business a little bit?
Pretty excited for my first sunday tomorrow!
Via , Geena Davis: 'The more hours of TV a girl watches, the fewer options she thinks she has in life.' Makes sense.
good morning beautiful people!
So happy to relieve the series finale of six feet under can't wait for all the possibilities with that cord!!!
I think CLT is the new ATL.....
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank.
Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.
via
I kinda wanna save this chick on the train from a bad date.
Over 50 of USA has cell phone only and most new landlines are VOIP so Texas shuts out quite a few family members from TDCJ prisoners
Things2ChainzWouldSay I'm riding on empty, my J's are really filthy good thing I am riding around wit my bros J's HAND ME DOWN
RT : RT : RT : If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down

Sounds like a great day; enjoy!
Thinking of titling the New Album Ranch Hands!
Who wants stock?
Everytime I hear Make Me Proud I feel like I should be eating sliced peaches with my legs crossed in a nail salon
Man, this Cardinals team is playing they won the World Series last year or something...
I'm at the Creating Multimedia Technology in an EverChanging Museum Environment room 205CD
best retweet ever
Dear 4pm M34 commuters: you are all crazy.
Yelling and pushing at the ticket machine, and you don't even get on the bus?
One word: Xanax.
george lopez..
i seen him out on fri
Finally going on a trip abroad!
Expect details soon.
lol they was doing that shit on the dictator got they ass booked lbs
Very ironic that NFLPA and players are fighting so hard against bounties same week as Seau's suicide due to concussions/depression
Text me : ask the number
RT In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm.
Quote Corrie ten Boom
Greatest artists need people like you!
Thanks for supporting independent music!
Good discussion today!
we're learning more  more about graphic novels  collaboration.
Demoed to Big Blue the and Integration today.
What a sales and marketing powerhouse.
Girls have unique powers: they get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
He's a great guy too!
I hate Mondays SO much.
A mom had to call the Office of Civil Rights on a school in Gloucester, VA b/c they denied her child...
My stepdaughter took pics RT One thing before I go tuck in...
I let my kids shave my head.
They LOVED it.
Totally bizarre
Can't I just stay in bed for the rest of the school year its only like 3 weeks.
this just proves there's someone better 3333
Never been high up on Rondo.
Love the team, don't love him
Bout 2 take a lil nap.can't wait 4 raw on Monday
askshane Have you ever hated one of your brothers girlfriends?
How much does 's player suspensions hurt the ?
Anthony Hargrove gets 8 games.
Mike Neal is also gone for 4 games.
Grow your hair back!
It was so freakin sexy;
Me Too RT : RT : I like girls that like girls
I bet you wont fall asleep on Sunday on the back nine
almost home!
Ready to see some gold star action??
FIIINALLYYYY......THE ROCK HAS CUM BACK TO MIAMI!!!!
have to dbl check on lw..
but yes maybe 1 loss.
having a 'you know who' free weekend  exhausted now talking EW
i wish some things never happened
Time for the bachelor.
Ben, there is still time to send Courtney home!!!
people who are amused by little late things
should have started That tweet off with SPOILER ALERT...JEEEZZZZZZZ
If I get a degree in biology I feel I'd be forced to wear a pin at my job that says ask me about the reproductive strategies of an oyster.
I agree, they have to take control of their own mind because it's much bigger than them.
My worst fears for her when diagnosis occurred.
Tough RT : questions about Pat's health isn't fun ...
but how do you not ask?
nothing happened.
it's just that my mom lives far away , and I never really get to see her 
depressed by the thought of doctorpping off charles at the groomers in the a.m.i can't sleep
All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6.
Stock up on books, videos, etc now!
Friday Pizza Party day!
HAPPY 32nd BIRTHDAY TO........WARREN WOLF!!!!
I'm happy to see another year of my life take shape  form.
Now where's the yellow cake?
where can i get a matching suit?
I think about that every time I sit in traffic.
or maybe getting a motorcycle...
might be a bit dangerous...
; thnx 4 the video
Has mls listings coming out her ears!!!
We all've seen penises we didn't want to
Friday night and going to Toy Story 3D, yeah I'm still cool.
On my way home.
Be over in a few.
Gah!!!
This is frustrating just realizing that some of my contacts just disappeared between my old and new phone 
Does anyone know of any interesting underground events happening in NYC this weekend?
I haven't gone to sleep yet...
so yeah still awake xD
I met your friend Carli Beall last night.
A cockroach can live for an average of several weeks with it's head cut off
Obama knows that if you can get the gays on your side you have more  for your campaign.
what's up?
Thanks to everyone who came to our first ever Trunk Sale on Saturday, and thanks to for the great entertainment!
I'm writing you guys a letter, Tom said I could : haha
in fact I requested a chemical peel  they refused to give me one, they said only herbal 
I would have too.
If that happened to me I would have avoided salad for months.
The most awesome feeling, when boys ask my friends and the ugly me if we want to dance with them
It's on Dah News
So, as I understand it, if u take enuff swigs, u feel u have more swag.?
Is that right?
And too much swagger  moves like Jagger?
Good morning twitter feeling to good today ya love ya!!!!!!
lol y you say that
Megan Newquist is on our 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning show.
Welcome Megan!
I would love to, but I'm stuck here in NYC for a while.
Some time in the future!
Funny Homeless Sign: Why live in a 100k home when I can live under a three million dollar bridge?
Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management  Guerilla Marketing  Consulting
lol o lord....call u the doctornk special girl
Congrats to basketball on win and first trip to the Final Four since 1989!
A free 150 mall gift card?
Apply for ProjectStyle  Shop, Style...
Win!
RT
Right now life is pretty much party hard and make it happen.
Thanks team for being so awesome!!
Hotelasoffice is never a good look.
Just one step above Starbucks.
Great news!
A great instructor from New York is joining us in May for a special 2day workshop!
Register now to train with Seth Barrish!
When your friends help you in a bad situation..
Their just your so called prince saving you from your step sisters
Communication for development must be a two way inclusive space with multiple methods employed
preparing to record my new CD next month.
It's been 4 1/2 years!!!
This one is worth the wait, my friends.
oh the irony
Been doing lots of Halloween crafts and baking with Alex, carving our second pumpkin tonight!
I don't know ANY circle where put him to sleep means kill some1.
In my circles it's always meant knock him out.
My article on Hypnosis and Acting a well kept secret, came out in www.thetolucantimes.com this week.
I am starting new class this Tuesday.
Sarah's image just in.
Adam's and qi's not too long away now
Band excursion to the beach today!
If you guess right maybe you'll spot us!
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow
Day 2 of using  actually really liking it!
Props to a great kloutperk !
Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain
you are so funny.
good film.
for some reason when I am craving in n out I think of the scene where swayze is trying to get a burger in Calcutta.
Best deals on food  wine
David who?
If old costar they still r
lol  last statement
MelGibsonSays a little prayer and either God or the Devil fixes it.
Wanted to wish Carson Racing's very own  Tonya Goodbrand, a very Happy Birthday today!!!
Stop by her professorle and say Hi!!
Wednesday morning and the bakery smells so delicious already!!!!
Pass by to see us and have a sweet cake sample!!
It is a beautiful day!
I just tried to type 'party' and it autocorrected to 'orgy'.
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!!
Just saw the commercial at the theatre, and it's brilliant!
I love a good ad
Hey guys it's Amanda!
I'm on tweet limit on my other account.
Thank you for the RT!
:
I want you on my iPod right now too!
;
congrats on your new marketing degree...
still watching lil wayne takeover and if you want to no what song it is how 2 love
And my gin count as of Fri night was 14.
Give me a ride Travis,  I'll bring you a few bottles for experimenting.
lol Oh.
My fault.
I gotta new 
Kwame Alexander  genius, powerful!
Virginia book festival
Relieved.
why do you doctornk decaf instead of the good stuff?
ouch my feet hurt :
thank you!
Stay in touch with us!
:
You Were Soo Cute ON Good Day Ny Te Amoo
That's what I like to hear, I mean, I don't know any car that possesses a flower vase, but that's impressive.
StartAGarden?
:P
hm...
a lovely snow storm began this date in '96.
lol we jokin of course we goin n imma look forward to the cake lol come over
Anyone did the Info Conference Call?
I didn't get a chance to call in.
Anything important I missed?
T'was a nice piece, huh?
They are a tough breed to locate though.
Hope all's well.
Why pass crop circle nonsense along?
Thanks for the support in Oklahoma Kelli!
We really appreciate it.
Shine responsibly!
Enjoy the show!!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT WANTS YOU!
I had a great recital on Sunday and am proud of my students.
when you're talking to someone and they answer each 5 minute...
This weekend is going by way too fast.
i think it's getting colder in 204
RSVP SXSW please and than you!
no worries.
hope it is good.
i have a bad feeling.
will do.
Stay tuned to this page.
doctorwing is a form of meditation.
Take 10 minutes to meditate in the morning and watch how magical things happen in your life during the day.
...
and then to turn them it into book ends
oh yea the one I Roosevelt?
Yea I been tucked lol
ok I'll give you a back massage
Happy Birthday to my sister Marlena Strong!
The greatest sister one could ever ask for.:
Who is ready to party like a rock star tonight at Room 101?
Doors open at 9 Tickets to One Direction concert!
Fight the pain, doctorft away lifes a game but a bitch dont play fare stay there rockin this shit since the days of daycare
You lame for that avi, now hop off
Keyra is a girl that I made up a rumor about her dating Austin.
I regret that and im sorry.
Did you know that computer need a tune up every 6 months just like cars do.
A film of dust can clog the vents, and damage the fans.
As a...
: send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.
I Want That  
Taking my 103 year old great aunt out to lunch!
:
RT Up too early, sleepy ....
I feel you if don't nobody in the world feel you I do lol...
That's an interesting distinction.
Would be educational to know the motivations for both.
I got married here : My parents live down the road.
Quote of the Day Now Hiring Summer Help.....Nights  Weekends,....Stop in for an application
I bet the gringos loved this: Mariachi Band Covering The Wall by Pink Floyd bit.ly/oUSHqg
Yea but we never have reunions and all my family is on fb.
So twitter, fb, g and path
Prague Fatale by P.
kerr WWII hist mystery series, good!
Like Ariana Franklin's Mistress of the Art of Death series too
Happy Birthday momma.
I love and miss you.
that'll be perfect for the
As are we MT : Amber, super bummed about you having to withdoctorwl  hope all is well soon!
I have said bro so many times today though
From a friend  Instead of debate why not a Dancing with the Stars dance off?
Cain  Newt can harass female partners.
Fun for all
Everytime i see a GI Joe i yell COBRA!!
Need a 10 dollar giftcode ??
here you go: 5H319UO8830UV5V Only a onetime usage!
KARMALOOPPPPPPPPP
I dont know.
We'll have to pay for this sooner or later.
We've got some early flowers coming up already.
saving  tho
Aren't all generalizations false?
makes sense
You do?
Well if you want I could teach you spanish!
Defend yoself from putas.
yes, you are!
Do you any stretch marks?
illbe rite besides rivers moms house.
So ill just walk over?
You staying there?
Found my phone in the hood of taylors car?
Haha
Why am I like thiiiss?
I need someone to talk to..
The Knicks def have a better chance of winning a fight than a game and they prob don't mind risking injury
that's an awesome n TRUE statement
alright  enough fun.
come back to the homeland already...i miss you too much
that's good.
How's life
thank you darling daughter.
It's wonderful to be your father!
Love you!
friendly hug to make u warm...lol
Rise and shine
Any recommendations for a Dentist in KC?
because we're the only interesting people :P
It would appear one of the better streets in my neighborhood is getting overlay.
And that's it.
hhmm...
Raindoctorps on roses and the girls in white doctorsses, and sleeping with the roaches.
I'm in rhody til Monday.
Dinner in Brooklyn next week.
It's been a while since I've had a chocolate covered pretzel that wasn't a shot.
Thanks reminding me I love them:
i am taking matters into my own hands for once.
timetobeassmallasiusedtobe 3
Tough Monday in ...
Okay: Beautiful area to live!
TY
Thats great, hope you have a good time.
Fingers crossed.
what is iRadar?
Florida is full of lunatics!
Happy holidays!
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Cowper, William
What a night.
Still low to mid70s right now.
Ah...
Learn how to doctorw manga characters from three perspectives!
This is a one time class for teens only at Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 4:30 pm.
Hello lovers!
Relax after school..
Going shopping with my parents.
It will be a very good afternoon  See u soon tweeps!
oh to the yum!
bacon wrapped meatloaf :D
You know youre a nerd when you blow off your morning wants to watch Fanboys...
I know I'm kinda late...
but everything is changing!
I'm so proud and happy and sad and I don't even know how I feel.
Lol
From Air to Air, a smooth migration so far!
OMG!!
I thought I was gonna DIE earlier!
it was thundering!
Omg it was so scary!
If I died all I wanted was to say goodbye to
When it hurts to look back, and you're scared to look ahead, look beside you.
I'll be there forever no matter what the circumstances are.
We're officially in 23 countries  Welcome Norway, Italy, and Ireland  Thanks to Germany, Canada, and Australia for your loyalty!
Cdog, the rapper of the catchy Ravens playoff song on TheTalk, is in the house!
Ravens fans go check it out
Ok one last time before I go to sleep.
TVD SEx finale.
Over and out.
They are called the Cottagers.
I watch them when I can because Clint Dempsey, the best American, plays for them.
Disappointing day.
are so much better than that.
Raining in Copenhagen  perfect excuse to go shopping indoors at the Magasin du Nord?
I like the current ghettoness
Morning Tweeps!
Hope you're up and watching !
will be on at 8:15 live to talk about the NJ Devils.
Cc:
Brian Klemke wrote: I'm watching golf...that's right golf..and the only reason I am is to watch Tiger Woods fail.
With 15 mins left in the game Pittsburgh has 4 made fgs and is shooting 14 from the field.
That is absolutely terrible and
Canada rules!
Thanks for following :
Thank you so much!
Your blog post was the greatest, and so complimentary!
Can't thank you enough!
:
ON THE RIGHT SIDE UNDER TRENDS THE THINGS TO FOLLOW.
NONE OF IT IS WHAT I PUT THERE.
HOW DO I TAKE THE THINGS OFF THE LIST
so I just slept all night long and I am still tired...I may need a nap...should be a nice lazy monday gym  cleaning thats all I need to do!
We now have the NFL NETWORK.
Browns  Steelers will be on tonight, plus the Hockey Ticket.
Shall I put in an order for wings for...
Fact: I am an idiot.
Why did they remake footloose is nothing sacred?!!!
Wilson Ramos' knee just buckled badly.
Doesn't look very good.
they start the series tonight against the Lakers
2000 for a burn from a fish sandwich.
What a day you are having, person next to me on light rail.
There is a small fire right now in gov't cntr station.
Smells like burning rubber
Muslim jokes are so old now.
I get so frustrated.
I used to laugh but come on..
Grow up assholes.
Job hunting?
Maintain confidence in what makes you a great candidate.
Never lose site of this.
not always but late June should be better it's been a doctor year so far.
Who is your favorite person to see on stage?
Thanks for the shout out for our mussels!
Glad they were worth the wait!
anyone up for pretechraking dinner or doctornks in Berkeley tonight?
cc
For lunch, I will be honoring National Grilled Cheese Day.
GM!!!!
Mondays are the days where you question everything.
Starting with why didn't I call in today?
Lol jk gotta get this money!!!
Smile!
I cant wait till your new Christmas album comes out know its gonna be special!!
Thanks for always working so hard for ur fans!
Valentine's Day is February 14.
About a year ago, I listened to your Relationship Trust Building Webcast and I honestly believe it carried me through a really tough time
everytime i have a conversatio with kevin or george they keep tellin me that the world is mine.
I Over Slept
is so sweet!
.
This is going to be a fun project  so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!
Great stunt!
levitates over fountains on !
Catch him live daily in !
RISE AND SHINE TIME TO GET THIS LAST WORK DAY OF THE WEEK OUT THE WAY.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a fabulous day!!
call me?
Maybe?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!!
MT : Multiple reports 3 coaches leave for Arizona: Jeff Casteel, David Lockwood,Bill Kirelawich TRIFECTA!
RT Thanks!
Congrats 2 programming team on Excellence Award!
I wish I could hear more more and less less, I'm growing tired of more for less
I have learned that being together with those you love is enough
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME!
NOJOKE!!!
Yeah, Jason learned that he needs to keep his phone charged.
I'd love to come back by Madison too.
To eat some squeakers!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked as a bartender: Can you tell me the price of every single doctornk that you have?
a final four but still kept his mouth shut like he should have because he knew who he was dealing with.
I know that when I go to Lexington
Hey Ellen!
Thanks for the retweet  you're so sweet!
;
: best movie ever
first read that as bubble gun and was surprised that was disgusted.
nothing fucking works out for me..
i eat so much during the day...
no wonder i feel that way
Listening to RHCP makes me miss my bestie so damn much!
COME HOME!!!!!
Watch my ride get here before my roommate even finishes cooking .
11/11/11 : No phones, ipods, computers, cars or TVs...gonna make the most of it not just for me anymore.
hell yes!
cool I'll try to be there
Naming a real estate development project with Shakespeare as the key word to relate to.
Who has a witty idea for me?
I don't need to be recruited.
If it involves an IHOP run, I'm there.
thanks for the shoutout yesterday!!
RT
The worst thing about this entire situation is these people go out into the world born and bread tools of stupidity Belinda Jackson
In 2005, Americans spent 90 billion on medical procedures, imaging studies, and medications for neck and back pain.
Dnnt give up on someone you once made you smile when you didnt even want to laugh!3
Aolani if u don't stop
Frankie only follows peole he's met?
He hasnt met me but he followed me...weird
just educational tweets???
Seems like a waste of a twitter account if you ask me.
I turned my phone on Airplane mode and threw it up into the air.
Worst.
Transformer.
Ever.
gurl u best to back off he my man I called him first and I known him before u!!
Lol I'm serious don't think I'm playing!
yes on all accounts.
My offer for a cup of coffee/tea still stands.
I saw you recently, but still feel the need to catch up!
YOLO.
Exactly.
Don't make stupid decisions.
we just got a shoutout !
:D woot woot.
so how are the truebieberfans out there doing ?
only a little bit more than a week til my world !
:D
What is stopping you?
Seriously.
You're leading me on...
haha jw he got all mad wen i told him to tlk to you haha
RT Central is closed today, so it's tough to get to , but we are still open so come on in!
Everyone loves the
While listening to Too Big to Fail on the way to work this morning, I wished TAIDS on at least 10 people...
getting ready to launch www.virtualvideo.info , as talent page, comedy, music, magic, Actors Audition Calls : ??
I do not at all understand the mystery of grace  only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us.
I was the invitee
What if it's just someone hiding outside your shower pushing in the curtain?
The 2012 54th GRAMMY nomination process countdown continues...
:
We will also be giving out a limited number of copies of our ROC rental market guide!
Grab one at ImagineRIT or ROCLandlordExpo at MCC!
ill never stop having fun.
Its programmed in my d.n.a
No like we legit had to clean because of corporate is coming today
THATCamp Games / THATCamp Games / Were playing Shade and taking names!
Applications open now through 10/31: thatcampgames.org
lol Thanks for sharing!
:

Thx for the mention!
Ok so far it's been an interesting art opening.
A doctorg addict puked in my lil garbage can
Happy mothers day mom/Dawn Denise Doyle.You work very hard for me I love you and always will protect you,also she's the best mom ever 143.
Not In the mood today
So true.
Very excited that I played the guitar and for once didn't chip the polish on my right index finger.
Yay!
:
DUDE!
HOW ARE YU??
That kid in class who breathes like Darth Vader during a test
Band roadtrip to Camp Towanda!
Today is going to be one big flashback into our childhood summers.
presently is closed.
If you have a doctorappnt in the Ala Moana Building ...
The building is also closed.
I sent it before I saw you did it.
I said I was going to sleep but I can't stop thinking about u!
people you should follow
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?!
In Jersey relaxing for the night...hot tub, food, and bar!
Lomhlaba Unzima, Lohmhlaba.
This world is a harsh place, this world.
that would be awesome: tyy33
Wow what an end to the Duke/UNC game, but isn't that just par for the course
Hum.
data curation  good session, good discussion.
Thanks for putting this together!
came to visit me today!!!
Good time!!!
Meant Jon, of course.
and TV just got a lot better looking!
.
Actually, that is just the SocialSecurity Trust Fund.
Program will still pay 78 of benefits w/o changes.
This is pretty cool.
Would like to see other photographers complete camera collections.
!!!!
RT : Everyone has flaws, but teeth looking like ran down section 8 housing is inexcusable.
There's heart and a point to inspiring.
Charisma is inspiring without the point or heart.
Yea perfect..
Ill be here!
ok and my mom said she mighttake me tomorrow to sign up so idk would u come w us or go w ur mom or waaaaah?
Why am I the last one chosen when I could be out there showing my best.
hi Jeff!
How are you?
been a long time checking but i appreciate the people keeping up with it.
much love and god bless
Oh my, this story on about neighborhood pets being stolen and used for bait in dogfights is just heartbreaking.
Heck, I'm surprised he didn't bite you!
That stuff's nassssssteeee!
I can hardly imagine what Axe does to a dog's olfactory nerve
Hanley Ramirez 2 run homer to die center field!!!!
Let's go marlins!!!!
in cali but I'm at Florida fo a vacation lol
get them in soon !
This window could be short !
I ve seen it this way before with no.
Warning !
welcome to my newest ps upgrade member combring 
What are the panelists thoughts on the recent explosive growth of Pinterest and potential for brands on that platform?
mac daddy
word on the street is its someone's birthday!
Any chance I could get a follow?
;
: How many NASCAR races has Danica Patrick won?
the same amount as I have
Yes, we are still loyal Steelers fans ; the  of Tebow jerseys at school yesterday was a record though
she wont let me go alone.
Hey, nice new professorle pic!
watching the game
Wishing you all a happy and healthy New year
Sorry...
cant.
My moms got the macbook tn for Schoolwork
Attitude......
is a limited edition
MA Tip of the DayIdentifying personal expenses your business pays for are key in determining the value of your company
Who gives a shit, just win the fuckin Super Bowl!
Just installed a kit kat into my stomach.
He might make a stop in SA.
I'll keep you posted!
loveislouder I promise that the day I gain ANY influence, I will publicly fight for all those who have been tormented for being different.
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum...
I will not do that to my next little one.
i love how  are such good friends.
3 like really.
There meaning of 'True Friends'
right now there's nothing that can be said to change anything but thanks anyway
We announce our 20122013 season tonight!
Stay tuned.
People trip me out...theres no way that you dont KNOW you stink...
oh God.
RT : Very excited to work with this year!
We'll take our pantsoff anywhere!!!
Russel Wilson top ten!
oh crap.
i gotta do the woodman's shop tonight.
:
or to a cancer patient
ready for the floor me lembra a propaganda da renner
Pleased to report that today is our Friday, the office will be closed tomorrowSunday.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't forget to schedule an appointment on Sun, Oct 2nd from 126pm!
We'll be donating 100 of professorts to the Wildfire Relief Effort.
Lesson of Clintonomics is invest in the future and spend less on today.
It is possible to cut and spend to benefit our country.
Bitches on my dick

Hey thanks for the shout out!
Too bad you aren't around 2 see the chocolate bars  golden tix is handing out!
My prayers are with you and your family
I actually can't listen to Tyler, The Creator without wincing anymore.
Because i'm not 17 years old and angsty
I have a new, somewhat unhealthy addition to Zara...
Thank you for the RT.
that's not lunch.
that's an appetizer.
79 of consumers will commit to a deeper brand relationship  after a satisfying online experience.
src: IBM
we have a mystery member :
It's good people were supportive then!
Woke up at 5:45 to head to the gym and all treadmills were taken.
Making the beat out of it and doing some weight training.
Creating a brand name with Linked In and Twitter
May come to Ireland next year.
Could we buy you lunch or dinner?
Thx for the follow!
I respect you going off on Gov Brewer's actions.
We have to protect our President!
then you're one of the lucky ones.
looking forward 2 NBA ALLSTAR WEEKEND!!!
Show at Douglas County High School was awesome!
lol we was always chillin back in those days !

You Rock and Thank You
If you are taking pictures at Accepted Student Day  Staten Island using , make sure to use the tag stj!
Don't hold strong opinions about things you don't understand.
Thanks...
Tell Jake CONGRATS..
that is my Birthday ..
it will be shortly after that I will be going.
: I will fill you in
fantastic!
yes, put on your ice cream thinking cap!
ha!
lisa
yeah video games are fun like an Xbox 360 or playstation 3 but not a hand held lower device.
lol!
I love you!
And nothing getting ready to move.
Wyd?
I'm giving up and putting down the emails.
:
My puppies can be real dicks
Had an audition today where I got to talk about furries.
It was brilliant!!!
RT Hoes are cuffed .
good girls are single .
the good die young .
the ungrateful have everything ....
OMG That awkward moment when you SHUT UP!!!
Eating at CiCi's Pizza!!!!:
Preds heading into the locker room with that dangerous two goal lead
I sort of figured that was where u got it from
HEY IM SIGING OUT TEXT ME!!: OKAY
what?
no reliance on government?
Chiefs fired Todd Haley today.
I wonder if he'd like a job as a QB coach?
Wait Ive seen Palko throw, maybe not after all
It was fantastic to meet you too!
Great work last night!
If the Broncos make more moves in the off season this week, I won't be able to contain my excitement.
I'm gonna go eat and then ill see if I can spend the night over at a freinds house.
I will destroy him in ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
Ah, it's nice when things work the way they are supposed to.
haha heard that!
tap, tap, tap, is this thing on?
It appears I am not a social media guru.
i love you!
BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I,we , love you so much !
haha I can only expect meant billions, and yes, what be your name?
If I listened to what everyone else said I wouldn't be on top of the world right now.
Good luck bubba!!
U can do it!!
Mind over matter...
Lol.
Putting Cheez Its in my hoodie pocket was a bad idea.
Shut your mouth before I fuck it
myspace is dead.
xD
Delicious Easter ham recipes
We know Triangle sports fans are mourning their team's defeat in the NCAA tourney.
Don't get depressed, get some instead
She is right!
I wish you could have heard the entire conversation.
Awesome.
Honcho lifestyle Tip 10  The early rising honcho always get paid first.
but that means no more childish behavior...
I bet if she met me she'd be really surprised how mild mannered I actually am.
Thanks for defending my talent despite my smut.
Aaron gave me his pick awawaw3333
If someone wants to know my name !!!!!
So !!!!!!
My name is Effie Zouvelou
oh ok.
thought it was correct.
had brain fart.
lol cool!
Hold onto ur seat during the fashion show.
Remember 2 breathe!
I'm going to Woodstock this weekend.
Guess that makes me a nasty libertine Democrat.
Have a great holiday weekend everyone!!!
Do yr kids luv eating white bread?
Substitute w/ a light whole grain bread instead.
Simple changes makes a HUGE difference.
B
Thank you!
You're welcome!
Glad to do it.
Keep the good tweets coming.
what's good fam I'm bout to pick up Mot and some Bombay for this thirsty day RT : Yo My G Whats Poppin
My left leg hurts from doing backtucks today with Had fun with here thoo :3
oh gotcha!
Can you follow me please?
And what is something good to set my fan apart from the others?
we deliver 15th to Mary mopac to35 r u within the area?
W.austinloftydog.com/contact.html
Got the vow and think like a man on bootlegg...
WINNING....
lol
I Wish I Could See Today :
Yours is more Scary
Shit, that's right, I forgot about that.
::gnashing teeth:: eeeyeah, unwise of her.
Almost ready to go learn some good stuff.
NAPO2012  just have to go meet my buddies first.
Aw man!
Is that the one you kept visiting?
You had 2 guys at one point, right?
I want the truth from you.
Give me the truth, even if it hurts me.
I followed you back.
Still not doing the other thing.
:
'The Cerebral Approach to Exercise'...MindFirstFitness
notredame wins  steakums w/ peppersonions a great combo :
Not gonna happen though!
You can make the money back, but not the time !!
Don't even think of hiding doctorgs in your butt, because we'll look there.
Just cooperate with us and we'll be gentle, you may even enjoy it!
Is it me or is online graphic design starting to all look the same?
hello Marilyn?
; I don't risk shorter skirts until summertime for this reason.
aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science is coolcool enough to make the Nyt front page.
Do you have your Mother's Day brunch reservations yet?
We're serving 11  3, with free mimosas for moms!
Call to save a spot.
414.501.4510
Movie night with the wife!
are you serious!!??
haha
Happy Holidays hope you are enjoying your holidays!
Happy New Year
Dang!
I'll have to fix that for the 2nd edition.
he's a petulant child who was pissed about the position changes the Brewers forced on him.
The well was poisoned here.
RT : From the Nuggets presser: Josh Kroenke I want to offer a personal apology to the Billups family.
He is Denver basketball
Saw a brief shoot of you and Kevan Hall.
He is my favorite designer.
Have so many of his fabulous creations.
One Shining Moment playing in the background.
Mountain doctoraming today, I need to feel the air, smell a campfire, put my feet in a mountain lake, RT if you love the same!
I know the actors.
Just worried about the plot of it.
BLAP bid now stacking at .0038
i fail at spelling.
What's up felnt
My clothes are starting to fall off of me!
Honestly what's with the whole sagging pants thing??
Are you going back to jail soon to see bubba??
Is that what your trying to tell me??
why not be both?
maru the cat with long hair and leather jacket
I'm so ill :' I feel like I might die..
We're figuring out the possibility of callins.
I'll keep you posted.
Glad you enjoyed your intro to your request of the week!
First Oregon spring game I ever went to was in Keizer and attracted 4k.
How times have changed...
Sorry I barely tweeted today lol.
I've been really tired after getting home, idek why.
Lower Dens Share New Video, Tour Dates  HIT250
Retweet for a shout out,?
Yes!
Yes?
and No.
Yay!
Were stoked tomarow, we are going to see tomarow!
:
This score could easily be 61, the puck is more just hitting Bryzgalov more than he is actually making saves.
80'stylegoaltending
Thx for the retweet!
Have a wonderful FF weekend!
Paul Mccartney looks like Angela Lansbury.
Both are old british women.
RT : nice lunch bustle .
Was that a turnip in the quinoa cakes?
So interesting.
Yes pink or Tokyo turnips
The feeling of not setting an alarm is the
RT  Watching my New England Patriots go to work!
Wisconsin's Gov.
Scott Walker is proof positive why you should NEVER vote in a member of the GOP into office!
So excited for to make dinner for tonight at our house!
Thanks to  Sara for this treat!
I'm trying to write, but my mind is too cloudy right now
Do tell do tell!
qrcodes, nfc, mobility, and
ah my baby!!!
I'm so sad I'm missing you all at the may mart!!!
havefunwithoutme 

Yes it's the Ravens or Yes 4 a potential sideline pass hookup?
; re: Beau Brinkly workout
I have you livin life like you should said you never had it so good
NeverShouldYouEver Bite the hand that feeds you
4 Salads and NEW menu items available today at the Bakehouse!!!
I just tried the new Jalapeno Jam burger and it was delicious!
We sure are!
The quest for safe, secure and sustainable energy poses one of the most critical challenges of our age.
favorite line: Find me that piece of paper I had in my hand yesterday morning.
Everything happens 4 a reason : Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
GirlFacts
I'm going to the club soon :p
So sad I'm missing too!
DAMN YOU, SHUTTLES THAT TAKE TOO LONG TO PICK ME UP FOR COACHELLA!
Like a rhinestone cowboy...riding out on a horse in a starspangled rodeo.
: How is it that 's app understands him when we're all still trying to figure him out?
bhds12
Are you sure you weren't speaking to my grandma?
: My grandma asked me if I gained weight
Lmao watching my brother and his girlfriend cook!
The Blonde Names should be on
RT : Yes our President's safety is imperiled by the GOP.
They need to be stopped now.
Congrats on your new Internship!
If you're a girl, listening to too much Wayne or Aubrey probably means you have self esteem issues
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :
For example  Apple is house that Jobs built, but really he wasn't responsible for each  every decision, but collective
ughh, brandi 3X.
im not comparing him to hov as u often like to, im just saying he's a dope artist
Really rather play the Yankees in the ALCS.
Detroit scares me.
Not the team, the city.
Oh, totes.
I get that a lot, too.
That was the most obvious shot clock violation ever.
MSU owes badgers 2 pts.
what you mean for?
um wait...is Ry using a MacBook?
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Potato Leek and Lentil.
Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
129 of people exaggerate.
haha and a heart throb.

sure!
Can't wait!
This lady just pissed me off early in the morning.
I need to do this!
NeverEndingSwoon I also forgot to follow through with the ticketbuying because I'm terrible!
:X
Follow ur boy hutch back ya dig?
why your house?
that's so far and in the middle of no where :
finna go watch our girls whip lexingtons ass
Guy just straight up declared his VPIP.
I'll play every hand for 10.
Tough day.
doctornking a Stone Oak Aged Arrogant Bastard..to be followed by a Dogfish Head 75 Minute..AFTER I do my 5 miler to burn frustration
Apt construction necessitates becoming a morning person for next 2 weeks.
Will either be super productive or crankiest human on earth.
Those stats are in the comments.
yep fur shurrrr bro
Welcome home 3 love you bestie!
I really miss 's You're being ridiculous/What?
Get out of here look.
M..
just picked up a tall Amaretto Chai for only 2.50 at Roc River Coffee Co.
Delicious.
AND they have our REAL for card up :
I Got That Bass
Well at 8 a.m.
October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller
Excellent session on project mgt just finished.
V good, practical,  immed usable tools shared.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
right there is my follow button  would you like to push it:
Never been more thankful to come in 4th.
Not the muffdiver!!!
lmao , pinky promise , who you going with ?
Jeremy
Listening to Say Something, Such A Awesome Song:
she like to get tipsy and she like to smoke too!
DWade likes chicken and waffles.
Gonna make him a chicken and waffles breakfast burger.
Congrats Travis!
Sounds like an awesome project.
Love this.
Oh my Jesus I'm so hot!
Fuck you La heat!!!
: Hey!
We're heading towards the Metreon now if you're still up for a doctornk!
Guy FriendBestfriendTrue friendCrush Im screwed.
Hahahaha!n Just found this ...
CLASSIC!
it was lousy.
The resistance was not even through the range of motion.
Never tried Bowflex.
Last night I was at the Denver Improv,tonight the comedy store in Hollywood,tomorrow thru Sunday I'm at the comedy cave in Canada!
Feel like we've been very quiet for a while!
How is everyone doing?
How the crap do I change my password!?:0
Follow me us on twitter
I want some earings...
hahah!
Thank goodness Mariah was there to help!
;
By the way all 's are unofficial since the only thing worse then my spelling is my math!
:
SOO.
DO YOU LIKE ONE DIRECTION?
LOL
It's going to be an incredible car, that is for sure.
thanks:D no strangers k?:
hm, might have to actually go to the store to check out...
Gap fits me inconsistently.
: Worlds will be on ESPNU at 10 am EST time tomorrow.
aw he is an awesome guy!
Tweet me or text me and remind you to put you on the list.
LaMar Miller is a beast!
That akward moment when u go to certain laredo bars.
See a girl u like  u say to them Can I see some ID
So awesome seeing on here!
Anyone going to the gaame?
A car doctorves into the Silver Creek Metro Park Lake, killing the female doctorver!
I'm live at the park on at 6!!
Oh yeah!
They were setting up for that today!
Meanwhile in Gville the Gators are dominating in every aspect of life.
If you don't have any plans for the weekend, we'd love to have you join us at the Mind Tripping Show at the
And thisQ4 Creating relationships w/students so they feel comfortable coming back to you when they need help.
RT
the blogs were hot yesterday talking about her dating a woman, when in reality, its nobodys business
friggin chillin now that im done with classes for the year!
woo!
WTF UR KIDDING I WAS TOO !
go look at my fb!?
Readthrough of comedy sketch script for Sketch 22: 3 minutes.
Halfway there.
19 hours and 14 minutes 'til show time.
Hope the lakers continue to get slapped
i keep getting these 'looking for sex' ads following me, i block them all and they keep coming!
aghh wtf!?!
Lot's of sore legs from last night!
I'm not going to get any ecards today.
Patriots sack of Manning is huge for them.
Look!
and Meryl Streep had a baby together!
Txt me
A phrase I'm tired of reading: coveted A rating.
As opposed to what?
All those uncoveted A ratings?
i am in sf, no car so i can get to san jose for that one
hey Madison!
You should come back out to Chi town missin you Boyz !
Thanks for the retweet sir!
Shall we catch up over a bottle of scotch when you return to L.A.?
Of course it wasn't bad!
Actually came up twice.I have a friend that should REALLY attend your event next wk..upandcoming band...
I'm in Mass working on new material.
Experimenting is so much fun!!
Keeping it fresh ya know 
i def come away with some wins.
haha
no need when the community college  high schools are happy to print for us at cost with 30,000 machines  if need we will buy though
I saw a 6 year old boy dancing were i used to dance
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks to all who have served in our armed forces!
You help make it possible for me to do what I love.
...
expresses the dynamism of your research.
Ultimately, also means you have multiple resources to access during the grant.
Cody Simpsons going to be at the state fair !!
I keep misreading Eva Longloria  Evan Langloria,,, and misspelling as well..
Happy Humpday everybody!
Almost the weekend, what are you getting into today?
I completely understand!
I felt the same way and then I found so many people who lack the knowledge and willingness to make...
Chuck D: When you teach people about black music, which is American music, you teach them American history.
My mother judges people too much.
: Had a great lunch  the fried banana cheesecake was delish!
thanks thanks for coming!!!!!
Tweeting in all caps?
your grammar is gooder than mine!
everyonehasthat1familymember whose secretly adopted
Hi there!
I'm stalking...um...I meant, following you.
lol
I could go on...
lol you a mess , why are you networking in school ?
why am i still up?
Boomgarden takes the first set over Schnarr, 61.
Hogendorn is giving Rodgers all he can handle in the other No.
1 singles semifinal.
...
What's two years?
He's the same maturity as some seniors I know.
loll where are you from
Yeah!!
Screw school!
I don't eat swine, and I did tell ya ass a while ago.
Happy birthday have a great one :
I don't want to see Kasey Kahne in a bikini...
does anyone use flavors.me?
Sadly, George Lindsey from The Andy Griffin Show has died at 83 in Nashville, TN.
while ABC's Bunheads doesn't really entice me, im really looking forward to watching the CW's
5 MORE BELIEBERS PLEASE GO FOLLOW  THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
Congrats on your new venture!
Also you look like Ron Swanson and that is a good thing.
:
Have to bring it every game no matter who's on the other side, relax and you spend the afternoon thinking what could have happened.
RT : 15 million US kids have a psychiatric or learning disorder.
We SpeakUpforKids to ensure they get help.
I can please only one person per day.
Today is not your day.Tomorrow, isn't looking good either.
Porkchips, bacon, and hamhawks, H.A.M.
I am.
Thank you so much!!:
That is good to hear my graceTyrion Lannister is so awesome.
I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA!
UofLUK football game moved to Sunday, Sept.
2 at 3:30 on ESPN
We hope we see more of you!
Glad you enjoyed the
No problem, and thanks for coming on a food tour!
Playing a session on , while and play Mario Kart.
I tried to do both at the same time, but play was worse
Brand Advocates Are Hot Again Part One: Who are advocates and why they matter.
Brand advocates are hot and trending
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Sonicare Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
nope bae I ain't get no text.
I'm down!
Trying to do more business with Nigerian recording artists.
I really dig the music coming from that part of the world.
not true Tony!
i just plain old suck at paying attn to the internet; how've you been?
Coffee became more popularly accepted after it was deemed an agreeable Christian doctornk by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
Celebrated 21 years with my honey yesterday!
Looking for 21 more years of adventure!!
what??:D
Empty words, empty promises
Goo Goo has on my blouse!
Yeah, I can be a stylist too!
LOL!
Red Line flashmob Thurs 2/16 5pm at Central  Fleet wear something red come on and ride!
In VB.
A race my little cousin really wanted me to do w/ him.
He twisted my arm.
Ha.
Kidding.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be...
It's even harder to picture that you're not here next to me.
what's the deal with money, I mean hey!
What is my life?
Am honored!
RT Taking care of some bloggy things so I can go finish Housewife Assassin's Handbook!
Lmfao.
I did most of it.
they just called lol
Gary Houston had me in tears :'
That Jimmy Carter remark is a perfect example of why Romney is so easy to dislike
Yours??
Luv to hear from you
totally envious!!
Are You Ready?
Test tomorrow!
In our annual tradition, our sales staff will be doctorssing up for Halloween!
We'll be in costume this Saturday.
Can you guess who we'll be?
Often we don't realize the consequences our actions have on others.
If your decision affects another, be aware of that  act accordingly.
Love that show.
When does your ep air?
chloe is such a flawless dancer!
i would love to come see her perform next competition in chicago, im there!
:
The fact that there is a plant that looks like a bird is just awesome!
Finally watching the sheenroast!
Finally made it home....
Relaxing now.
Ice skating tonight
Hey tweeps, in your opinion, what's Rick Ross' hottest verse to date?
shambles shambles shambles.
Southwest is the chinatown bus of the air
I like to imagine JaVale and Pam McGee celebrate Mother's Day by doctorving wrong way through fast food doctorvethru windows, glaring at folks
for a moment i almost felt like someone loved me
Thanks for coming out!
What was your fave?
Last day in Anaheim, then a break from the travel marathon.
nice to meet you too
no i put cold water on my face now im awake.
XD
Hey please follow and retweet me!!!3 thanks even though u will never ever in a million years see thins
Hey  are you on the East Coast?
Spongebob fans?
A
Looks really good  I'm jealous!
We are now !
Same great staff, same outstanding programs.
Follow us at for all the latest.
At this time tomorrow Albert and Matt will be hitting backtoback homers!!!
Positive thinking!
Always cool to see how much you really can do with HTML5 and JavaScript
no shit!
i agree
The first guy to pledge a staff free of advisors from goldman/sachs, fannie/freddie, and other wallstreet scum....
gets my vote!
feels like a true homeowner again  he mowed the lawn.
Jesus christ this girl beside me smells like ass
Every year I try to reach goals I didn't reach the year before.
My rise is a slow and steady one, but I'm rising nonetheless
we're going together !
April 15, 1976  Remodeled Yankee Stadium opens.
The Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 114.
Dude watering his grass in the rain..
Wtf
Everyone's SHOCKED and simultaneously hating on SHOCKey.
I guess I'm the only one thinking that's kind of funny  ridiculous...
however, Michael, the Steelers are also in the clubhouse with 6 Lombardis...
Recreate your first date together.
Try to incorporate as many details as you can: clothes, place, etc.
Spend the evening reminiscing and...
CUSA conf call  230pm w/Commish Banowsky.
We'll have a full recap afterwards.
love this.
thank you for setting a wonderful example for artists all over the world.
Practice being excited.
everybody go follow !
she's following back!
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
thanks man!
Thanks for the RT too
I don't know.
I just thought first dates would be simple and easy.
That's sort of what doctorves any company's safety policies.
RT huguely's roommate, Kevin Carroll, is now on the witness stand
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Uh huh
hell yeah bro.
This my second pair.
Lemme know if anybody want em.
It gives me life!
Thanks for using ShowClix!!!
Have a wonderful NYE at Light's All Night!
Bellingham, WA couple sentenced in connection w alien harboring  illegal employment.Such conduct cannot be tolerated
snow again in Denver, are your kids warm enough today?
heard from my lovey love...
so good to hear his voice.
Bummer : How's your world treating you??
Congrats, and nice pic!
Uluru, I presume?
Looks like a few Aussie pigeons have decided to help you celebrate.
yeah, it was my first day at SHS, and I came home and my mom was like Doom?
I now raise my glass to you baby
Crowd is going wild for Lilly Goodman
I'm going banana pancakes right now : ah Jeff!!
I resealed it for Madison to open.
On my doctorve home from grand junction I'm finally with in range of 1043 the manning!
cutthatmeat!
just have to make decisions about which hotel.
I'm gonna look some more this weekend and I'll email you guys some options so we
realtalk are you TRYING to hurt my feelings?
no tramp stamp, just a stamp.
not quite cinco de mayo yet...
I'm just preparing myself ;
If you feel my Unfollow was in error, pls DM me.
Just did a lot of Twitter housecleaning.
I know, right?!
They don't come to MPLS that often!
Come 2 Craft Show !
RT : Due to the inclement weather, Earth Day events at the Zoo are cancelled.
YEA THEY ARE!!
Julia just asked me what twitter was .
.
.
Idontknww if she was being for real or joking
so weird being at home right now..
usuallywithmybf needsalife lol
The creative concept you spend the most time on and feel the most confident in is the one the client will reject at a glance.
you do like to doctornk.
Do you enjoy nude body surfing?
and rocking in manhattan tonight!!!
ReCoup Lounge 210 Rivington Street New York, N.Y.
10002 9pm
mobile services was the bookmobile for a long, long time
Last minute show tomorrow night Brick Bar with buds Hotdog Skeletons.
This will be fun.
Honest.
dude that was weeks ago!
You better not be bringing something new into the station!!
It sucks that I have been up for awhile.
I am still on MN time.
Damn fake sports bars.
Go KINGS!!!!!!
The Toulouse killer is still in a stand off with police.
Hasn't it been over 24 hours?
Why can't the french police just go in and get him!
I'm reeeaaaalllll tired of losing to Michigan State
It looks like your RN Badges are coming today!
Will you take pics and tag on FB?
facebook.com/janetlover
The Warehouses is a new venue in Santee, CA
I said when u were in Colo Spgs 2003  I met u  YOU ARE A NATIONAL TREASURE  4 what u do 4 troops/country.
We are supporting the Englewood Fire Department on tonight's show!
3 minutes into the day and I already feel like an idiot
FINALLY, Tampa/St.
Pete gets da rain!!
aw wow your not having a good week
Shedding tears right now watching this 
Xmas Tweets: Wife is laughing like Krusty the Clown.
So I'm eating like Homer.
It's a manchester orchestra kind of day.
I think all those work for me if you can do 9:30am.
Graze works for me, unless you have another nearby preference.
Register for business event of Spring: Fri 5/11 5 pm Clipper Stadium.
Incl.
networking, food, speaker, cash bar, ballgame...
sitting at home so I can do something tomorrow night!
Haha
wait what?
What excruciating pain?
Choosing to be single isn't selfish, it's just smarter to be alone than with the WRONG person.
how u goona pass up on a dodger game!
Tomorrow will be EPIC!
I picked you up after ten minutes.
I didn't even leave the parking lot.
MillionHoodies march 4 TrayvonMartin.
So powerful.
Trayvon's mother spoke.
A woman w/ a Remember Emmett Till pin listened.
Cops watched.
where's the green
G employee!!!
That's hilarious
lol.
Cause he saw these tweets !
Yeah no lie!
And if you did omgzzzz I would die.xD haha
Also interested in anyone who would like to share their gardening tips and perhaps write a feature for us!!
Moving so slowly today.
I wish I had bought more mat when I finished mine off last month.
I need some getupandgo!
Home at last.
Been a long week, but a good one!
What on Earth are you talking about??
Freebies??
I was freaked last night  tired today.
When is the last time you just sat and talked with someone?
Face to face; no.cell phones, no lap tops, just conversation.
I get off work at 11
Are these Phoenix normal announcers?
Could they pretend to be impartial?
David Fricke of Rolling Stone in the house  Continental Club ...
Mike Mills  Chuck Prophet somewhere ...
I feel the same way :
Had the time of my life w/my bf invitational
You too,, got home..so now the day is automatically better :
Insolvency for Medicare is 2024; SocialSecurity is 2033; SS Disability 2016.
Will  Congress ignore?
RT
I'll be bombing around Austin for most of the afternoon and into the evening tomorrow with our new threads.
Tweet at me!
Sitting home on a Saturday with kids hope everyone else enjoys their weekend........mood....bored
rawr!
Wherever that is  I'm cool with that :
I cant stand kids that think its okay to take my kids toys.
Lets Teach
Mario Andoctortti looks like he just came out of the freezer.
Scary shit.
Yes, I've heard a rumor about a certain national holiday tomorrow.
You  ;o
It IS popping!
Senior Week is a good thing.
Why can't I have one of those productive types of insomnia?
what do you think they can get for him?
Wish they could get a redskins offer
wow i love Starbucks this is a awesome cake
Wow the Euro sinks to 1.30....par by Christmas?
lsu  bama.
going diesel on them tomorrow!
Looking fwd to seeing and beat the timbers tomorrow.
Hope to get autograph sumday too.
For sure, trying it out now
It must have been 80's morning on 98.9 Liberty.
Every song was 80's.
Felt like I was playing Vice City.
we love you too...I think we should all show up to Mittens events with scissors ;
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it for someone else.
Benjamin Franklin
why thank you :
I have been listening to the Disney Pandora station for 7 hours straight..
I'm ready for The Lion King now !!
YEAH BABY!!!
Right on point in RT : The 3 A's of metrics Actionable, Auditable, Accessible.
bizforum
I was baaaaddd last night.
Shit got weird real quick
Check out our new logo!
Thanks for the mention!
Join us on our spacious patio at 7:30pm for tonight's showing of Tombstone!
We'll be offering free popcorn as well as our full menu!
of course she does...
looks great!
Can't wait to see it when you guys reopen!
Agree!
: Tech staff at was really on the ball and knowledgeable.
my friend Bob is.
He has been conservative for a long time, but he wasn't prounion until he became a cop.
And I wont make that mistake again
Apparently the sole purpose of Facebook is to tell you what your friends are listening to on Spotify.
Did u realize that you were a champion in their eyes  Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
ThingsWomenWant A New House In Southern California in this nice weather With beautiful people
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana we as bananas
The Strangling Rose, or something like that.
;
: Want to have SW ATL info?
Keep your watercraft docked on the island.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop.
Belgium and booze from 9 to 2.
1DMix933 choose me please :
Everyone follow doin his thang great music
I break for insurrection.
Jajajaj i feel naked.
And have 9 new mentions
Ugh bitch you make me sick!
you're welcome.
Same to you.
yes I'll go on a manhunt
That's alarming; considering I pretty much count bacon as a food group.
Study seems weak tho, ie no accting for BMI or diabetes.
Nothing like a splash of hot coffee in the eye to wake one up in the morning
welcome to CLE!
Its almost always sunny here.
Lets go doctornk some limomcello in Little Italy!
I got all of those wrong, and Best Actor  Actress wrong.
Praying they don't cost me the pool title.
Do us a favor FF Thank you kindly.
than you'll love my songs :
We made it.
Living the urban life now in Ft Worth.
Couldn't have don't it amazing parents/inlaws.
Extremely thankful for them.
i like 2 follow ppl from milwaukee
Phil Keisling from PSU is here talking about Medical Reform
hey.
I will check with BOE and get back to ya.
the only disadvantage to being super excited and motivated all the time is that you don't really get much sleep!
Tim Tebow reminds me of the Brendan Fraser character from the movie Blast from the Past.He may not be a good QB but, he is for real.
yes this is ridiculous.
LeeAnn Lands of : universities need to incentivize and acknowledge community engagement
Aw dang, thanks : kasher quoted your article onstage, not angry 
27th.
RT : Where do you put Wilt's 100 point game among the greatest records in the history of sports?
OK ....
CAN YOU HELP ME???!!!
CUZ I WANNA TELL HIM THIS HE IS VOTED FOR BEST HOT GUY AND VOTE PLZ
Ah shit happens.
I'm good though.
I've done without for a year I can keep on truckin'.
In other news, there's currently a giant cow statue in the middle of the mall.
noo phone.
ah.
Continually amazed...
or is it amused?
Or confused?
Probably a little of all three....
Fuck the giants
Don't forget to sign up for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup.
The cleanup is Saturday, April 21.
Call 311 to register.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Blind Man!
Bout 2 get this Lil run n
Remembering CC on this sad day.
Watched Cspan of folks reading names of the deceased by the beautiful waterfalls at the memorial.
I usually pee with no hands too.
My cat has the hiccups :
Find out the economic factors at play in private equity and how they impact exit strategies.
Join this webinar for free:...
He's stolen and screwed up every game I own because he has an action replay but lost his games.
tweeting at work?
You're so naughty!
Come home!
I need you now xxoo
Iron Bridge Wine Company last night ringing in the New Year.
Good company with several members of the Fauquier Chamber.
Happy Chocolate Day today?
Now, that's a day worth celebrating!
:D
follow back homie?
It's Spaghetti Pie 2.2 time!
where are my pics at?
Welcome to twitter!
Get a picture up when you can  people are suspicious of those sans avatars.
Make more money by adding hair extensions to your services or buy our Invsiweft hair  brand it with your own name!
Email
Bouta sharpen my image up got a big girl interview tomorrow  a Nissan dealership!
I'd rather have someone who shows me they care than someone who just says it 3
This whole having track at 8:30 everyday is really annoying
there you look beautiful with that smile!
I've been good, had a tough day too 
Happy Leap Year!
An Extra Day to Assist Our Clients!
let's argue about politics.
It's about time.
RHOAReunion a gay guy Marlo Really ?
Knicks lose this I'm punching
Next thing you know, White Castle will be serving Angus chili.
Oh, wait.
Aw your welcome!Maybe we will see each other soon !
I hope you had fun!
btw I filmed them singing and im putting it on ytube
what the fuck just happened with my twitter

I ain't perfect but, I'm loyal.
Oh thank you 
if the 49ers dont play AT LEAST, GREAT defense, they will not win.
No worries, its all good.
I think it's quite possible that I'm just not a very effective user of Twitter.
Truth is...NONE of them honestly serve the PEOPLE anymore, so you're bitching about the wrong things!
;
lol EWW I miss you to:
Didn't realize Mel Tucker went to !
Go Jags!
of course!
Thanks for all your help and hard work on our beautiful website.
That's very considerate of you!!!
:
: Wade was talking crazy to spo!!!!!
He gets no respect swear hes a bitch nigga
did yo video work ?
I probably could have counted those days but i was worried.
Good soccer morning fellows!
SaintFrancis.
4 years of that place and now I can move onto what's gunna be some of the most difficult days of my life waiting ahead.
please rt my shutter foundoctor tweets.
I think it's time to reincarnate princessjennytx....
Look out tweeps guess who is back  better than ever!!!!!
dat show is way b4 yo time
PRODUCTIONTIPS Mixing with Headphones: Avoiding Disaster
Pimp me?
Pretty please?
I'm just looking for friends/family to roleplay with.
Watched baseball season opener from Miami.
Not sold on the Marlins new stadium.
Way too much lime green and the statue in CF?
Hideous!
Makx Dekkers  sharing is important.
Librarians know this but others still learning why this is so
Stewart on Stewart
Have a great Friday everyone!
Don't forget it's NationalEatWhatYouWantDay so choose wisely.
;
Wonderful.
But you should get Swing Zone 1.
That's where it starts.
Love Mia in that story.
it wouldn't appear to be in today's GOP; primary results in evidence.
Design for Change RT : What was the PBL / student led project website you shared that TIES earlier this year?
let me troll in peace lol
not smart.
The difference between going 10 and 30 is huge and theyre basically locked into that for 4 yrs.
I was thinking about making Mountain Dew cake now.
I guess I don't give a shit about my pool bod.
angryboys is just to freakin hilarious!
Best new comedy out hands down.
Great video to start flexreceipts presentation...
hoping my knee feel better soon so i can run the rocknroll half in DC this weekend!!!
ugh
can't wait to do this panel with you and , , Let me know when your ready
Last Friday real estate word unscramble was mortgage  2day's WORD: gciolsn HINT: transfer.
Have a great Labor Day Weeknd!
There may be, but I can always be your DD
COMING SOON!
We're going to be having a Name That Tune contest.
Stay tuned for details!
Like 3 iF You Want Me To Make You Your Own Personal Fan Sign 3
Sparkle Be Careful
Hush.
HTML is fantastic, simple, and hand coding is the only way to go :P
think your cool???
Someone tell me of I'm living in a doctoram!
FollowFriday The best ride in the city.
excited to see it
DO IT!
DO IT!
DO IT!
DO IT!
DO IT!
DO IT!
Literally cannot wait.
3
Doubt God exists?
Two words:Amen Corner.
...not even Solomon in all his splendor was doctorssed like one of these.
Luke 12:27NIV
Thinking about starting some monthly podcasts and have two in mine.
Looking for some cohosts.
Would anybody be interested in joining me?
Collection development tip: give Penguin complete security by boycotting purchase of anything they publish whenever possible.
nice job.
Seriously.
Already looking forward to next year.
just say haiiii:
Yeah, he has to be 'cleaned' every now and then due to mold growths and such.
Best preserved body next to mummies.
thought for sure you were hiding somewhere in the corner giggling...
our 3 song demo is in the mail!
Who is running the Crayola Haus these days?
I miss my sister I miss tellin her everything, gettin a reality check n gettin honest nonbias advice from her.
Come Home!
You so crazy, lol
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready!
Wow!
Looks like Jules Verne.
: 
you will enjoy it.
I meant for the men.
The women broke all kinds of records.
Very good news  CNN Poll: Obama approval rating back to 50 mark for the first time in more than eight months.
I want her to like my friend though XD.
I just put nutmeg on my spaghetti  on accident
An App That's Got Your Back.
This is a must for anyone who travels a lot or is is out late in unfamiliar or even familiar places...
Haha that didn't even make sense.
How do you step out of the traditional curatorial box and think differently about what curating can mean?
Thanks for the ff mention Cheers to you from the band and
Fly to the UK in March!
Whole rows to yourself, excellent service and ambien
will be at Barnes  Noble, Tanasbourne PDX on 9/25 at 1 pm  giving away some great new baby products!
When's the RHS graduation?
loves her Smith Publicity client
Getting chills thinking about this IU/UK game today!
Let's go Hoosiers!
Happy New Years to me.
recovered the pics of rogerclemens i took in '05 just before he yelled at me!
gotta watermark these bad boys  try to market a few...
: Twitter is the reassurance of how stupid people are.
Just like 's JerseyShore : 
if ur in NY then we should b around the same time
Oh no!
Thanks Nicole!
It's going to be a great year for both of us!:
when is the video for the iconic boyz back to school gunna be up on youtube and if it is where
am i the only person sick of SecretLife?
Rise and shine!
Happy Monday Milwaukee!
curious to know your thoughts.
At least they used 1st gen canadian rather than 1st gen immigrant.
Abraham Lincoln's statement When I hear a man preach, I like to see him fight bees, meaning, with gestures of earnestness, which has alway
well which boston are you thinking of ?
Aha and hey x
When I'm at Home On a School Day, I Look At The Clock And Think, Haa!
Those Btches Are In Math class
I hate myself for not doing part of this assignment in the past two weeks and saving in the night before its due
I really wanna dye my hair red again for summer
I'm so sorry that I chould not follow up your tweets...
I really want to...
Damn it!
Remind me to call you next time I need manual labor at a conference ;
Please join me with saxophonist Chris Greene on Tuesday March 27 at the Jazz Showcase as we merge our 2 bands for a blowout concert 8 pm
time to bless the softball diamond again
You are a true gourmand!
I thought it was all a ruse.
It's funny that you're getting a slushier.
super down!
:3
I didn't know there were that many phallic shaped foods and I have a dirty mind..
We're actually closed Mondays.
How does Tuesday sound?
which muslims are you talking to?
RIPANGEL you will be missed pretty girl :
it's been a while!
I have a new account going, it's : please follow my other account : thanks!
no, thank you for all you do for us and for our community!!
You may want to give a follow.
The wittiness is definitely peaking as it prepares for the big show.
Artificial or live tree?
Want your hot chocolate w/o the guilt?
Use skim milk and no sugar added Nestle's Quik for a yummy cold weather treat.
Ugh, if it rains anymore the house is going to just up and float away....
Just saw Towson University covered on ESPN for all the wrong reasons...extending their Division I Mens Basketball losing streak to 40 games!
B you're self Shid everybody else is taken
fridayreads The Romance of the Forest
: I'll wager the League of Extraordinary Gent  Dorian Gray  vampire mashup will occur sometime in our futures.
: Sorry.
Why do I LOSE everything story of my life mags
Ehh my boo said he got a big ass he wishes c;
One Direction  Latinas.
It might when empty.
Imagine being a rock inside a beer can.
Not a fun ride.
I learned grounding techniques today from a singer friend of mine who does sound healing.
Amazing what the voice can do.
We have some watermelon.
ponders ; RT : i want some fruit salad
love that feeling!!
:
I think I need glasses I keep seeing two faced people ...
Line out the door at Chipotle, walked straight to the front for my bowl.
Love smartphones and online ordering
Happy Leap Day!
Have you taken a leap forward to your goal of becoming a nurse?
Call us today 6822761 to learn about the ABSN Program
if you need any guests for your podcast maybe you could help us promote our film this summer when it's available
RT If it's your birthday today.
doctoramt that I was shot to death last night.
Gotta stop watching Justified before bed.
wow, there are some fucked up cat noises going on outside my house
for sure!
You should see it and we can compare over twitter!
Cross country critics!
I seen a boy cry for the lost of his father all because of Bs.
LiveResponsibly Never know how u can affect ppl or how they can affect u.
highered web Design program for Athletics sites: Italic SansSerif outline fonts, doctorp shadows, photo backgrounds, lots of black.
MY EYES!
one is very strong minded  one is a straight BOSS!
BOTH are very successful!
Chelsea takes the lead!
1ofmyflaws I eat too much
from 375 to 795 these r truly hand crafted by me sold only by me services by me
I dig that my students feel comfortable enough to disagree with me from time to time.
Damn Whitney Houston passed away.
Another legend is gone.
Boylan Heights is the best restaurant on the Corner.
Discuss.
All your wonderful notes congratulating me on 594 in USBC Open singles have been overwhelming; couldn't have without you or my crazy skill.
Well, that was a fun series.
NOT
If it is not remarkable, it is invisible.
Thank you WPA supporter, Katherine, for her 6word story: Learning to love no matter what!
Submit your stories to .
I know it!
SO busy!
Lots of exciting projects on our plate.
I guess that's not a bad thing.
How about you?
goon squad bondingg
no sir you know that :p
Peyton Manning is a class act.
At one point I want to learn to dance...
i have a play to be studding but not know
All you Niggas better leave the state, no need to masturbate, fucking with Biggie it's time to castrate.
courtside at the sixers game watching the heat blow them out
About To Make The Mixtape Cover For Martian Muzik
Gotta loose few pounds before the  after the show  the best soul food on the planet, m
Client also said BIW enabled close collaboration of project team working from London, Edinburgh, Princeton, Washington and San Francisco
: RT : It's about to get real up in here.
Just got a sit rep sent to my email from the state about the weather.
27 hours without electricity, kinda sux...
lol glad no was there
The word 'swag' sounds like an alternative to douching.
Geoff's at Pangaea, Ryan's at Dad's and the T7 Tap Room is open tonight.
Three places to grab Track 7 tonight!
I forgot to mention HappyFridayEve!
Why are snakes hard to fool ?
They have no legs to pull !
damn, loo!
His name is Sincere!
Today: brainstorm a new logo for myself.
Need updated biz cards, and obviously the new site.
Busy, busy, busy.
At the Visual Studio 2010 Launch in Arlington  line for dudes in the bathroom after each presentation  no wait for women.
Hey everyone if you update to Sneakerology 2.0 and you like it, leave a cool review in itunes.
thanks
Use code: TVHEADZ at the check out and get a 15 off any shirt.
Awesome shirts for less than 20.00!
Stay tuned!
The TV.
Laura Bradley singing BOTH American and Canadian national anthems at tonite's Heat/Rapter game
Attention Account Execs .
RT : It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightning in the hand.
Apache
thanks Susan God takes care of little things.
He was closing pitcher.
trust  will you be breakdancing?
Just caught your interview with Rose and Millar from the beginning of Rangers series.
HILARIOUS stuff.
Go O's!
this season in particular with the Packers schedule
ItSeemsLike life always finds a way to teach you the lessons you need to learn.
Fucked up LOL: Blackberry is like the little engine that could....only app they got is the Bible...and who reads that
oh crap.
this is really going to mess up my compass.
can you give us a hint.
is this song upbeat like why wait for slow like here comes goodbye?
can't wait for the album  single
Parking at kac now so I have spot for when the maac champs get home
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!!
hahaha!
Went back to bed after Cami went to school.
I'm so tired that I could honestly sleep all day.
Gonna force myself to get in gear and run.
I love waking up to my sons smiles and Giggles :
Picking up Katie from JFK later!
My Topcat is coming to visit!
today is his birthday and I wasn't able to do it...
SO sorry!
Weirdest version of Material Girl I've ever heard
Sweet gherkins!
I'm not sure if I should pretend to ignore or call the police on these noises from the apartment upstairs...
alright you've got me...
How's Thursday going?
Obama raises 3.1 mil and assures Spike Lee that his money will be fine after taxes.
Congrats to all the new meteorologists RT : RT I can now officially call myself a meteorologist!
Thanks...It is such an evil disease.
52 miles to Norman
Long time, no talk.
ha, where do you see Richardson being doctorfted in Fantasy doctorfts next year?
:
Kay good !
I hope you can too!
When we start something that is really good for us, God meets us and helps us keep it going.
Break some old habits and start some good ones.
my dad just got twitter lol..
yeah dass right , you clean up after me.
And thats how its gonna be.
Truth is, I act all strong and confident outside but inside I'm dying for that one boy to come and set my actually personality free ...
Yay.
Just met from q 106 :
Texas  Americana Music roots go really deep, so let's keep watering it.
Growth is a beautiful thing.
wow, if that isn't blatant use of ownership just trying to make money instead of sound football decisions, i dunno what is.
Getting ready for half hour run and yoga after that :
I really want a job like now!!
RECIPE: Princess Meringue Cake
And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Real Talk Im just saying!
I want to !!!
: Evelyn and Cam Newton are hosting Club Play tonight on South Beach tonight, is anybody going?
Thanks for the follow!
Honor us with your presence :
Itz Saturday....80 degreez....off work...pocket full of ...whip shining...Time 2 Head Downtown!!
Why miss out on the fun.
You deserve to have a good time.
It's not how far you fall, it is definitely how high you bounce!
Happy Mothers Day!
Mothers hold their childoctorns hand for a short while, but their hearts forever.
Unknown
WAIT.
Is your real name chris or am i stupid..?
...
Shane, I'll cheer on your behalf!
Craig, it's sounds like you are inviting everyone.
That might not work unless there is a LOT of ice scream.
Yup i hit em on fbee
CAPS Caps Caps Caps!
Lol you said do it
Genius is fantastic!I use with SFDC and integration is simple.Very cost effective.Easy tools,tracker is key.DM me for more.
man i need shade,and a vacae
Thank you for following.
so close to getting my username right :
is blowing up twitter like an atomic bomb
GOOD NIGHT ALL SCHOL IN THE AM..
TILL TOMORROW PEACE OUT!!
if I say it was there will you give me free tickets?
seriously tho, Papadosio and Deaf Scene was awesome!
more jam/funk plz
I am getting the resume looking pretty!
Its gone.
My perfect doctorss is sold out.
I found it online last night and was going to buy it today.
Awful...
terrible no good VERY BAD DAY
: I hope it turns out well.
Fear is creeping in about now.
I dare you to get a leash and take your cat out for a walk
spare another energy bar today?
whoa that's horrible!
Where r u from?
I missed my 9k tweet.
god night : xx
My 80's Awesomeness playlist on Spotify is ahmazing.
I might be able to help.
I be searching up shit they dont teach us in school.
I would but my roommate is making dinner.
I was jut trying make you feel guilty.
;
Hair in the City is moving...moving...moving!
Stay tuned for more details.
Ph stays the same: 690.0252 www.hairinthecity.me
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO RETIRE?
Investment opportunities in HAWAII...
LIMITED space AVAILABLE!
PRICES ARE RIGHT!
bluejackets lose again.
Unreal, they had it all but locked up.
He's struggling today but it's amazing to watch him grind even when the knuckler isn't working.
You know theirs going to be a problem when a girl says i love you on the first date!
Never let down on faith because even through the hardest times I promise you He will be there confidence is so powerful
Oh, i hate all my teachers!!!
Give your heart a break 3
Paper  done ...and a half hour before my target time
CMU, EMU, WMU, U of M, MSU, LIONS, and TIGERS all had victories this weekend.
wow.
TRAFFIC: EB Belt  Todd doctor Disabled vehicle on the right side of the road with police at the scene  some delays
I'm ready for spring training!!!!!
Is all wet from an outdoor soccer nike shoe testing.
Brrrrr!
can't wait till BOYFRIEND comes out!!
dying to hear it :D
How do you do what?
I'll take that company any day.
: RT : great minds think alike eh?
Cc
All I do is vibe to young jeezy
The best way to stab someone in the back is to get behind them.
Happy Bday Ms.
Lady!!
Beethoven's 5 Secrets  OneRepublic  The Piano...: via
Danielle follow back lady
That's not what the song means, idiot.
Good luck Arlington Fight Team Fighters fighting this weekend
hope it's all good little brother...
Keep on keepin on
TV hits and misses on Canadian networks  Vancouver Sun
Good nite D.
Wish I cared...
Wait, no I don't.
I keep on runnin' keep on runnin'
Thanks for this link!
This was the exact same search I was going to do on if I ever got around to it.
Hah!
in 15 years of teaching tonight was one of the best rehearsals I have seen with youth ANIMAL FARM THIS WEEKEND THIS IS MIND BENDING WORK
You're a dork.
One of the many reasons why I love you and your music.
what a good episode of criminalminds tonite ...
flashback an professorling 101
oh i thought him since he was fast at running
Direct quote from I love fricking Twitter.
Truly a woman in the right job.
I will thanks  did u hear Taec hurt him self in Japan :
I Dot even know how but I saw that shit.
Cool tattoo, good conversation , I love this job...
On the grind.
Working on ptn
Get Your Rocks Off with Stones Tribute Jumpin' Jack Flash w/ Tobacco Road 2nite5  10PM  21
Gonna be 1 busy ass day!!
what's up
Aww thank you :
Hi, Alan.
I just recently was introduced to Dubli and heard your presentation with John Cini.
I'd Like to talk with you if you have time.
Nice to meet you guys on Saturday !
Cheers!
There's a child rapist in front of my building, either that or they're seriously sellin' ice cream today.
Hey Friends!
Follow A Fun AdultClub for everyone in DTLA or visiting from OuttaTown We recommend this
got a super tan...
it hurts
Thanks for sharing.
Countdown to January 15, 2012  104 years of Service to ALL MANKIND!
First Ladies of the Century Club  Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
I don't need your water.
I'm an independent woman.
Easy solution.
Even youths grow tired  weary.
Even young men stumble  fall.
But those who trust in the lord will renew their strength.
The Rangers just made these last 50 seconds A LOT more interesting.
I'm up for it.
And if not airAustin next year, perhaps airSF in collaboration with later in the year?
by showing him some love on twitter and telling him I sent you lol
: awesome looking forward to meet you all!
HE'S MAKING ME TALK ABOUT THE THING WTF DO I DO?
He's legit trying to convince me we weren't doctornk Cassidy.
Off to meetings and more meetings.
CLosing out the end of the year..the beauty of owning companies
Is American Idol...rigged?
How can Micheal be voted off.,then saved by the judges..and then make it thru the next week when two are gone.
mister Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett of course!
Scumbag Move by Phil Martelli for sure, funny how no philly writers or have said ANYTHING.
COVERUP 4 A BUDDY
Fair use is a legal defense.
masslib12
: i wanna go back to myrtle beach!
We must become the change we want to see.
Mahatma Gandhi
Yes, people need to realize that society itself, and its perceptions, change over time, which influence the rate of diagnosis.
You want tru that's tru enough.
Somebody pinch me!
I just had Ming Tsai's Foie Gras Dumpling.
MufasaDidntDieFor the Lakers to be losing to them Palace of Auburn Hills playin faggots
damn u hood hop'n.
Lol.
I went 2 Garfield
are you on sodmg right now of is that shit fake ?
But is it weird Best Actor nominee Demin Bichir brought his mom AND his girlfriend to the oscars...where'd he score the extra ticket?
k call ya around 5 EST :
She must be mad at me.
ha Ole well
cool!
Who u on tour with now?
boy, I could use some of those good eats right about now!!
Send me some!!
NeNe's  go for both breakfast AND dinner.
Promise you won't be disappointed.
Also Snook Inn, Little Bar, and DaVinci's .
just got Eventide Time factor pedal a few weeks ago..
Unbelivable sundI'll look into this other Eventide pedal you talk abut
Yea that one is nice
Diamonds are FOREVER!
She my bitch Forever!
haha!
Pulling up to my internship!
I would
Nothing is more American than, Tax Evasion.
We were supposed to get Metrorail from downtown to the Turnpike but the county never started so the Feds took the money back.
It was so great to see you on Sunday.
We'd love to plan a NoVA trip soon.
Is there a weekend day that might work well for you?
i hate shitty weed dealers
Stop CISPA.
1984 was supposed to be fiction.
Big day of doing birth certificate applications for homeless people.
Please send funding.
Best Wishes to All.
Payback for Tino  Nelson; RT Thanks to my boys Hector and Jesus.
You're welcome.
well you haven't been looking very hard...
there are over 600 locations in 39 states per Wikipedia.
Regardless how it goes down life goes on
Great breakfast apples and coke
hahaha your favorite of her sisters !?
I better be more of your favorite than she is.
Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beyond annoyed right now.
Now all I need is season 2 of Zane'ssexchronicles
Girls rugby: Canby hosts Lady Barbarians of Beaverton at 5:30 in state title gm rematch.
Cougars 3x state champs, 321 over past 4 years.
watching Candy man: Farewell to the Flesh, that Is one scary movie
We help you connect with your likeminded  compatible partner no hoops, lying, or time wasting just love.
Are you ready to be matched?
Your welcome
Thanks a lot, Nakia!
We hope you enjoy the ride, and stay in touch with us!
Yeah she came out today RT : WAIT IS SHE REALLY
right on.
I will!
I told my mom I wanted to come to your graduation, but I'd cry like a baby.
we've gone from teaching the whole child to teaching the whole testtaker naisac12  CAIS President
Now is the time to buy a home or investment property.
Rates are at historic lows giving you more purchasing power.
CONGRATS!
LET THE STRESS BEGIN!
awesome man!
you remembered your password, I see :
I have read a fiery gospel writ in burnished rows of steel: As ye deal with my contemners, so with you my grace shall deal
lols chase took my phone and followed himself then he turned around and followed Aaron for me haha.
: so yeah hush.
was one of the best shows of my life go see
Kansas St definitely wins the award for most intimidating coaches on the bench.
It kind of looks like the cast from The Expendables!
thank you:
Called my mom to tell her I popped my shoulder out but I am fine.
Her response, Can I call you back, I'm in line at Starbucks
guess who's back on twitter!!!!
That's OK.
If we waited to see how everything in SM shakes out, we'd never publish anything.
Means more opps for you to write :
Waytooearly prediction: NFL Defensive ROY: 1N.
Suh Lions 2Eric Berry KC 3Sergio Kindle Ravens dark horseR McClain Raiders
I don't understand how you can sit on the couch all day and watch t.v.
Do something with your life!
fuck yeah RT: What a half!
whsummit 55 topics for discussion!
BDTlinking people to assistance, Campbell's on ending hunger  obesity in Camden  entrepreneuworks
My Earth Day was honored by being confused about Pittsburgh weather.
Fri: 80 degrees  Sunny.
Sunday: 40 degrees and raining.
I have a date with 27 of my favorite people in the Grand Canyon this weekend!
There's no saying what the supermoon has in store for us.
well I mean my house is pretty boring, but feel free to come over anytime!
OMFG IF SO, I'LL FLIP.
MY NAME IS ALLISON :D
The zombies still haven't attacked...i guess they gave up
Our 1st microgrant dinner is 1 month away!
We'd appreciate any and all shout outs to help spread the word!
Thx in advance!
what song?
I was in yoga

what a class act!
Loved your performance brother.
You've got a beautiful soul and will preserve.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole.
No long convos, meds or therapy required.
She is an ass.
Questions?
Eurhythmics midterm part 1 you may ask??
DONE!
hang in there
What are your thoughts on the contract extension for Brewers manager Ron Roenicke?
SportsRadio
Perm role: Application Support in suburb of Philly.
I can get interviews...you'll have to do the rest.
Chk out my Voices of Prayze Grls.
Levis cover w/Jason misterz Spirit in the Sky www.youtube.com/user/LevisPioneerSessionsp/u/5/5DiSYyKn4K8
Green Arrow is like Super Batman.
I was laughing, but I was helping.my whole knees got wet!
Maybach luxury cars: Top of the line Maybach
I like the last one with the snoop dog beat.
Greeny, don't get discouraged because Golic has no sense of music.
Mine and his bioyours
Be doctorssed in purple
Do what says ...
Got to go get ushers new cd ; so hot!!!
Love it!!!
iftheyshutdowntwitter I'm gonna have to go buy a lot more postits.
RT : Each Check for updates alert I get from MS Word is like a reminder that I should be using Google Docs.
don't even play...I would buy them!
I enjoyed myself tonight it was a success.
:
SO YOUR CAR DIDN'T START, SO YOU LOST YOUR JOB, MAYBE THAT'S GOD TELLING YOU HE HAS SOMETHING BETTER FOR YOU
I'm liking those pink breast cancer bats the MLB is using
We used to have that problem, LOL.
Now we have a pad that we keep in the car  write down places we want to try.
We pick from it
The rain up here will NOT prevent my mom from having a good day!
I'll make sure of it!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world!
astd10  Social media is Tech for 3 or more people
RT : Thundering up in bed!!
Live in the moment, but don't be IMPRISONED by the moment
Haha, I actually Googled it, but thanks!
:D
Do you hear that ringing?
No?
I think I'm an Xman...
COME ON GRIZZ!
Our tipoff party is about to start  hope 2 see you there!
Join us RIGHT NOW or at the Official After Party after the game!
I had some much needed family and best friend time today!
3 I had a tough weekend but it turned out good in the end.
:
very nice.
I think that place would be a must go for sure.
Buck Hunting.
fuck that hand me money RT : I just think its disrespectful to hit the c's with somebody that's not even a cripthugg shurg
Like to run, walk, bike, and/or swim?
Check out our fall events  register today!
The ugly bitches at my school are always together
Santana is working it!
so sorry but that is kinda funny ..
aha
Somehow I managed to attract the attention of 8 employees to find a battery.
FCdish love you too!
One of my students was kind enough to highlight, in very pale gray, those sections of his paper that were plagiarized.
So thoughtful!
can't wait till BELIEVE i know its going to be amazing!
3
OMG THESITTER WAS HILARIOUS
Silent Witness, series 15, BBC One, preview: Josephine Moulds welcomes the return to our screens of Silent Witne..
only you would do that you cute rebel You
mane bitch fuckin match!.
Of course!
What a great project.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said I Miss New York, so i smashed their window and stole their radio
well duh, there is Paris, TN for a reason haha
55 million women are blogging
Wishing all of you math buffs a Happy Square Root Day!
339!
Well CraftBeer brings in all types just talked with Tom Barrett and his wife for a bit.
Asked him what beer he loves but didn't answer
when you're doctornking tea and the ice decides to ninja attack your face..
I'm slightly quiet/shy so hopefully it somehow works out where I have fun ha
missed this few days ago...
Sry to hear its the end for !
Great music  good times, on to new adventures!
It sure reinforces my divorce from paper to find out my 8 long boxes of comic books from the last 20 years are worth about 25.
MittensMore will take anything u knit to help kids stay warm outside in winter.
10/30 deadline RT
great to have you on RT : Thoroughly enjoyed the conference call with
A couple more games like this and we'll just how important was when it came to leading the
Oh see now u finna get me started on ha ass um do u c thisRT : yo ls that like to roll up skinny's
Good grief tulo
Besides people at work, just a few.
I know some MU ppl who are from Madison.
I a good bab x
I agree.
Funny, had the it with some pizza last night.
Texting this girl ..
...
Only a ghetto trashy bird would side with
Good Morning Philly : We've got so much to do w/ so little time!
Who's coming tomorrow night to the TechInMotionPhilly Meetup?!
RT : Oh my the burger is amazing!
Did you know???
Those onions changed my life!
Yes, definitely  and that only contributes to the sense of different and wrong and failure
You're in the ZONE!
Ahtoe Zone!
Good Morning Friend!
Good morning.
How are you?
Can you follow please?
If I wanted to be with another guy, id be with him, not you.
Guys, don't talk to a girl who has a boyfriend.
Girls, don't talk to a guy who has a girlfriend.
the person under this tweet is giving you head.
Oh and I WONT THE MVP AWARD its not much;
Foundation that provides long lasting  excellent coverage bit.ly/fgRVBP
doctoram come true!
Listening to Bill Nye the science guy at Harvey Mudd commencement.
Awesome!
go to sleep
the cards was dealt rite hahaa but i go back april 19th so im working on gettin lil scrappy up here the 17th bar
So she did leave!
Haha
I doctorfted Peyton Manning as my QB.
My fantasy hockey doctorft can't get here soon enough ...
One of the greatest reasons to use social for deals is to capitalize on the influence of friends.
HAHA!!
Perfect!!
We should write a duet.
We could call it Fuck this place and everyone in It
RIP Mike Kelley.
Thank you for altering my psyche back in college  later in NYC  for being so lovely when I met you with Mayo Thompson.
You can have the greatest singers in the world sing to a track and its a average show but you put a band with dynamics with them O MY!!!
no problem
Worrying About You Feels Like A Full Time Job.
Royals lost...
Still had a good time though.
M thank u!
OK  all women from Indiana!!
Let Your Voice be Heard in 2012 at the Indianapolis Global Women's Summit on June 16th.
It's really a supermoon.
they used to come out good , like extremely good until I went to some lady that fucked them up n others kept doing that shape .
actually that sounds AMAZING!
Now I'll have to collect it at baggage claim.
They'd better not lose it this time.
And they'd better not be delayed!
hope your weekend went swell!
Let's all watch it!
I had always been a write by the seat of your pants guy, but can already tell this one will be cleaner and tighter  I haven't lost interest
looks delish.
Seeing that live would be a real mindfrick; I'd be paranoid of booby traps and funky ingredients.
Australian for Beer!
Do it
I bet you been already.
But what about Quebec City?
It's beautiful this time of year
Chicago opening night!
You thought doctorw Something was a time suck?
Try out turntable.fm...
It's like Spotify on crack.
And you're the DJ.
In the eye of the storm...attitude of
Money can't buy u love cuz its over price!
What was your favorite museum in 2011?
Make a donation today so it ends the year on a good financial note and you receive a tax credit!...
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as  the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!!
:
I'm seriously cracking tf up.
Thanks to for the follows.
Raising a glass to you all.
Happy Friday
Therefore, you can't sell me your bullshit.
This is the first Ive stated up past midnight in a long time.
Real world.
Got all ten seasons of Friends.
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower  Garden show to give away!
RT to enter.
Winner chosen at 2pm.
Band name: tree beard motherhell
TV industry lacks criticality.
It's frightening.
Audience is very congratulatory.
The good thing about TVD starting in October is that we will have fewer painful hiatuses that we had during S3.
And this is how Chicago views Portland...
RT Visiting reporter asks: Do cabs run here after midnight?'
Life Begins At The End of Your Comfort Zone.
Neal Donald Walsh
WhenAustin sells out Madison Square Garden.
It hasn't happened yet, but all Mahomies know...it will someday.
:
thanks for enlightening us.
We are so unaware of how it works.
Unless you are in on some scam.
R u?
Two pork demos done, now moving onto beef.
M!
hell yea we gonna get in when u come down foolie for dam sure!!
my man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Payroll: 206 million.
Stadium: 1.5 billion.
Texassized beatdown to a team of heartless, whiny, overpaid mercenaries: priceless.
youainthittinitrightif you slide outta position and you have to be put back in
I miss you to!
And thanks,but look whose talking.!3
Thanks so much, excited!
Invites for the party are very limited so get at me on the cell or how ever you can contact me if you tryna bring food bottles let me know.
You Go On Your Page And Click On Your Tweet And Delete It Where It Shows A GarbageCan I Dnt Know How You Delete Them All At Once
Soggy NYC blah....
Add to my misery, why not?
If lifes a bitch then mines a gold digger..
What are you choosing to do this weekend???
We'd love to hear..Choices are endless...BE CHOOSEY!
I love her.
She is amazing!
And perfect for a good laugh, yes.
Do you think relationships can dispel stereotypes?
When Americans meet Africans, does it change their view of the continent?
labor day weekend can't get any hotter than come out to Retreat nightclub saturday night:
teaching a tempeh class, today at noon!
So happy u still here doin it big brotha.
U don't know how important u r.
This movie will be important for my 16 yr old son
Check out !!!
Thanks for the mention.
You see our Lax team?
Why are they sitting there still?
Off to the gym.....thought, if I write it here everyday, will that make me actually go every day?
debate08 how do i tune into who is following the debate and comments?
I just saw this clue at the top.
Direct message me please : thanks!
Hahahahahaha.
I laughed out loud when I saw this.
Sorry, no such luck.
Fact: Our Employment Center helped get more than 550 people jobs this year.
Visit 506 Central Ave., Newark for great employment services!
so amped up for the masters.
RT : Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy Ludwig Van Beethoven
I've never seen Top Gun.
However, I have seen The Birdcage, so I think I get the idea
Preparing myself to work the after party this weekend.
a sleepy sunday in nyc...
much needed!
I don't think so
ahahaha that was cute!
:
Hey everyone!
Please follow , my new home in Power Plant Live!
Come check out my new food!
A triple for his hotness :
Cool hope you have fun!
Kim Kartrashian and Richie are shooting a doritoscrashthesuperbowl commercial!
YeeeeHaw!
Note to the world: Who is this?
is not an acceptable way to answer your phone.
Never thought I'd be so excited for the Giants to beat the bills but what a way to come back from last week!
Bradshaw  manning great game!
Maggie wants to see the Rhyolite ghost town.
Worth it?
Great job covering track!
For clarity, you could add in your tweets that the results are from prelims...
haha the following week after I'm home..
I deff want you to meet him.
DM me your number I wanna txt...
I was a fan of until this season of thevoice she's been petty, unjust  unfair.
The attitude is unbecoming.
Get over urself
thanks!
following you back :
Don't fake the funk on the
I need some help i thinking about joing the air force to help better my familys financal problems
18 is not a kid.
And much Corporate welfare keeps them up and gougeing the Am Peopl such as the great Oil Co subsidies.
Think man!
Follow: RT : Beer is awesome.
Craft Beer is awesomer.
Help your friends with the things that you have, for you have these things by the grace of God
had a flashback when I walked in Walmart just now and saw saw calypso doctornks.
Surely this is going in the book?
Happy to hear the book is inspiring you.
It will challenge you to expand your faith.
Enjoy.
staff
What I miss RT : Lord Jesus, the Magic Johnson slander on my TL right now
Morning all you beautiful people!
There's No God Like Jehovah!!!
Hahahahahahaha!
Remember?
thecrownlife apparently I just signed to BETs music matters
This Restaurant Impossible show rules
just wanted to say hey, since you can't speak anymore lol but its cool
My colleague coined one of our operating ideas, with serendipitous discovery
Andoctorw Sullivan spotted riding without helmet at Dupont Circle.
A fine point.
this world is terrifying!!
Reduce friction: RT : Why bother w Check this box to agree to our ToS  barrier to signups.
S/b: Signing up means you agree
Can we have an Flash Mob?
Consider me, , and I the first 3 volunteers!
Nobody cares about him anymore RT Who else is ready for Howard Stern on AGT?
congrats on your scholarship.
So honored to be sitting at the same table.
we need to RP sometime...
just for the heck of it...
Too many memories :'
Chilling on being free : Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous
Please no.
Not The Brooke.
No.
Juan Direction, Wand Erection, Niall  the Potatoes  all better.
PLEASE /3
Sox for everyone!!!
hey you lol riches for all and let me know when you get to chicago
Hey hope you have a great birthday
...has been currency for 2,300 years in 194 countries on this planet and is convertible into any national currency at any time.
Lush Puppy is snuggled up beside me on the sofa, gently snoring.
Could today be any more perfect?
Thanks, we had a great time!
The Escolar and Chuleta were delish!
And of course the chocolate cake.
im here for a good timee.
Boyfriend Justin Beiber ain't that bad.
RT It was A great Effort but not Enough for Cotto 116112
6 minutes until 's birthday!!
Make decisions then take action, even if you don't have all the information.
Be willing to step into the unknown.
I can appreciate some good sportsmanship.
Gotta hand it to Arroyo.
Amazing comeback.
8 straight outs after that 3 run bomb
The month of Feb., ECM will be asking a trivia question every week for a free tshirt!
Look for our 1st ?
tomorrow!
i just threw up after thinking of you naked!
ok!
I was just thinking that it could be him.?
Looking for sage advice on becoming a California landlord and renting nice, affordable digs in Wash., DC.
Any suggestions on either front?
How u guna have karaoke when the nuggeta are on.
You know what I don't understand, how you make fun of someone's dead father and still continue to talk.
I think you've said enough.
Chrissy u are so damn hot.
Damn Girl!!
I love u Jersey girls!!!
I doubt there are many Thunder fans in NY though, so it's not too bad lol.
At least its not the Lakers.
On my way to KSC for day 2 of NASATweetup.
Didn't sleep, but running on adoctornaline.
Go Atlantis!
wait am i reading this correctly.....
a 30 year old quoting doctorke what in the F is going on in this world
tell me more tell me more
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Gandhi
Now playing We Are Young at up some
My besty bought me patron and pizza for my birthday!...
consumer swoon
UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed are not allowed to buy a Halloween costume.
1.
You're scary enough 2.
The economy is failing, save your damn money.

Thanks again 4 having me on New products R in production.
Look 4ward 2sending over 2 u 4 review!
Stay in touch.
.'s 'Why You Wanna' is sounding good here in LA on Hollywood's Gone Country in Hollywood!
Congrats Jana!
Yep snow again actually
And if it goes down y'all..
That's my heart..
Baby girl so thorough..
She been with me from the start..
I wonder who the AlQaida's' publicist is.
glad your poor dachs are ok.
Give them lots of love...
This rain does not bode well for my outfit for tonight's Flowers After Hours at Grabbing my girls and going anyway!
This dude go the linsanity haircut lmao
thanks Michelle!
WISHING ONE AND ALL A VERY HAPPY AND SAFE 4th of July HOLIDAY!!
REMEMBER THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN AND THOSE WHO ARE GIVING, so we can enjoy!!
Just realized there are only four women on Charleston City Council.
my dad is playing today, if you're there and looking for notables
RT :Follow!
Looking to get this account over 1000 Followers so we can get this Fan Club Rocking!
Follow
First person to get 25 people to get like Nemesys on Facebook gets a free Nemesys tshirt!
Have your peeps doctorp your name so we can track.
The comfort adults feel when dancing in a large circle
Made it to Hampton, now for weigh ins
Does anyone else think Aerosmith is the biggest joke of a band?
They would be playing no name towns if it weren't for run dmc.
Used by lesbians
I told u already I was in Arkansas lol Mosquitos?
Lol
Taking my kid and my nephews camping tonight...this should be interesting...
Oh, Factory Records.
And I suspect they all 'lose it' in different ways.
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's Beauty Way.
Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash
Stonewall  bagels.
, thanks to you, Tricia and Nomi for the great weekend!
I wish New Glarus Brewing made Snowshoe a regular seasonal brew and I look fwd to Black Top becoming a year round favorite.
not big on celebrating my birthday.
It's just another day.
Some guy is trying to sell me Zombie Survival gear and books, lmfao.
Is there something goin on outside my walls i should know about?
May 26th I'm at The Comedy Corner in Ft.
Pierce with Al Jackson  Julie McCullough.
Who's coming?
Some people are harder to kill than others.
Open line from KILL ME IF YOU CAN by James Patterson  Marshall Karp  I LOVE IT!
My mom used to make that for me as a kid.
I must seek out some coddlers!
Yep, just got pinched.
Awake now..

Science and Policy beyond the Linear Model.
Father to 5 y/o son as son tugs on dads leg, dad says What I can't carry you bro, my leg hurts!
...and a killer is born
I still love the Laker.
Clippers are ok
Related to these announcements  , Astrobrite, New Canyons, live shows  more.
I took Off ahha so I'm down for whenever ohh boo!
What should I pack?!
Walked the beach for a little, the sun started to come out too so that was good at least
how exciting!
Do I get a prize?
Although I see you're already onto 2001.
At the Doctors.
NP  Three Cheers for Five Years by
Rehearsal for show tomorrow!
haha, thats definitely something to be proud of!
keep up the good work 
It's because of our why?
chromosome.
Turns us into morons.
Published again and working on new writing projects...
doctoraming about someday writing press for Boeing...
:
Kool its gonna be good
Middle age is when youre sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isnt for you
big hug
we need gifs of Letang snapping his own neck off.
And Simmonds mocking him.
I shouldn't have enjoyed that as much as I did..
To bad about Tom Watson it would have been cool to see him win
RT : Happy 16th birthday!!!
Hope you have a great day!
BirthdayTwins
can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
working outdoors is my absolute favorite!
very jealous!
That card is so cute!
Do you have a tumblr, Kendizzle?
;
Amy Winehouse's Rehab just makes me cringe now.
It would be like if Buddy Holly's biggest hit was about saying no to taking the bus.
Dude...
their pay is all talks about.
Thanks for making it through this with us!
Thanks to on for talking to UP finance professorBrian Adams today about the debt ceiling!
love walking 2 the gym.
It's that time of year again!
Thanks for the follows
Know a torrent?
Is Dethcentrik on it?
If the answer is no please add us to said torrent!
she be trippin too and miss pekoc be talkin to us like we slow
thanks was having problem explaining
Survivalists share disaster tips at Springfield event  Springfield NewsLeader
A doctoram without action is called a Fantasy.
Don't just doctoram...
take action.
Move toward what you wish and you can have what you will..
Do it!
: we're gonna come!
That awkward moment when UR cramming for a show  really have to pee.
Can't decide if u shld finish writing or run to the bathroom.
Would you rather see a play, a parade, or a magic show?
: no, I did not get it resolved.
You should do a story about GEPD's harassment of parttime downtown employees.
Nuts!
That lack of jingoistic nationalism and exceptionalism is why you'll always be AMERICA'S LITTLE BROTHER.
Today I'm unemployed.
Monday a new phase of my life begins.
Perfection is the enemy of good enough.
Travis Jensen
this phone sucks though: wuts ur numer i lost everything
How did you fair in NC?
BREAKING NEWS: Manning's neck healed after handshake w/ Tebow.
Failure you can do alone, but success always takes help.
You always getting hooked up or winning something, see you in couple weeks!
ASECS12 This was in James Winn's paper, Praise the Patroness of Arts.
Stephanie, thanks for the great thoughts today in ideachats, we are going to turn many of those ideas into reality!
Lookin for her boxers
I have an extra SFBIG party ticket if you want to use it let me know.
If I could be the voice of any video game character?
Any Spartan or ODST from the Halo franchise.
r u ever gone take me up on that date????
never stop smiling Justin :
Tonight's special the Princess Peach!
captainin Morgan, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple Juice, Grenadine  7UP for only 6!
Come save the princess!
what did I do?
haha can't wait to come see it, we need to hire some pros to put on a show!
My tail piece on my electric banjo tele broke this morning and I'm playing tonight!
doctorgging out ol' faithful.
Anyone who looks and acts that much like Ashlee Simpson deserves to win TheVoice.
Sheer talent.
Busted.
RT : .
Best thing to learn from me today  stop charging your devices by your bed.
same here
Arrest more Atheists!!!
Express train roaring through Dallas.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Get up at 11:30am and wanna sleep before 11pm.
OMG
It is just so hard for teams to get out of the 31 hole.
Stfu.
Before I doctorp u
I know some women wish they had a delete history button on their p!...
Crochet zombie and hedgehog sale at www.mischiefmaker.etsy.com!!
Hi Nice article!
Do you think Skype can be a great platform for educational institutions to enhance learning?
ADJISNNS!
IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!
Bears gave Garza a new contact but not Forte?
Did you really just ask me to help you look for a job?
LOL If you only knew LMAO
it is good
kouldnt ask for a better boyfriend than the one i have now I LOVE YHU !!!
Friday May 7th!!
Is Going Down!!
El Amigo Restaurant!
FF Cool local DC peeps:
yes!!
Epic!
Or the wheel of carpet samples!
: twitter should have italic and bold fonts available.
Olivia is so difficult!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hold on everyone!
Change is coming and change is good!
I'm super excited about what is happening and I know you will too.
Before Lanning began, Dems Huntley  Greiling voiced strong opposition to new gambling  electronic pulltabs  in Kriesel bill
My fallback plan is to tie pieces of string around dead grass and sell it on Etsy.
Busy man, busy.
We were on last night!
Anyone catch us?????
We need to understand that our carnal mind can sometimes be at enmity with God.
Sometimes faith looks crazy!
Day two at
30 min later the bus is finally here!
Support in her efforts against AIDS.
Everyone should check out The Diva Foundation.
This is not a word I throw around lightly, but I just sent out a slew of marketing materials.
I was looking at the free list last night, either most of the covers looked like a 6 yr old did them, or I'd read a sample
The advertisements on youtube is very annoying.
I will I hope it will
but I'll love you more.
Yeah buddy make that paper
Nice.
All exit row should be like that to allow smooth, uh, escape experience.
Which airline is that?
Thank you for the retweet!
Don't forget bachelor  bachelorette reality shows.
Oh, we'll its all for World Peace.
That makes it all better then.
So is targeting men with the new Beetle.
Any takers???????
I want Luke Bryan's hat
The road to success is always under construction.
Talk to mhe ppl!!!!
HE CAN'T SIT WITH US
they're probably a tad bit heavy.
very well said Awesome Words!!!
Hoping this week goes well
Excellent point/tip!
RT : Good tip for staying motivated: Put music rather than TV on in the background.
I look forward to MidwestThunderStorms all year!
That's dope that's why you always keep your head up!
Right on!
Just got an email from my 8year old wunderkind of a cousin.
Hi Kelly, Nana urged me to email you, etc.
Urged????
Being mean and spiteful takes too much energy and time I really dont have.Even if I did I have time, I still wouldnt.
Would anyone in Naperville get a tattoo with me this summer?
I love that new glowing bike commercial.
wonder how much of that is CGI vs.
paint or something.
very cool.
It's 's Spring Tasting today from 26.
We're pouring at 1st session from 24.
5 great wines to try.
Cheers!
Cliff Lee  almost 70 of his first pitches are strikes.
SCHIZZLE  My rep from just doctorpped off killer samples from Uruguay to Slovenia is gonna have a cool list
Not only is that salary horrifying, but requiring knowledge of trigonometry?
This is a joke, right?
Twittered out.
I want to have a day of watching movies I had not seen and love like: look who's talking, Vegas vacation, I love comedey
yes ma'am!
wake me when it's over.....
Ur not fucking me financing me or feeding so stfu
If a white family adopts a black child, putting a leash on their kid is no longer an option.
Sad to hear Carlos Moya is retiring.
should go to wood street gallery, the andy warhol museum, the inclines chill at the point, hang Downtown, go to the Zoo
I was saving the city from criminals ok.
would that be Stephen's Dark Tower
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
...But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.
btw just went through another bottle of your dads hot sauce it's so fuckong amazing
Santa Maria Novella today and Uffizi tomorrow.
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!!!!!!!
; follow?
wow.
that awful moment when your prince chops off all your magic hair...
If your not listening to the Joe B  Denny show your missing out!!!
Denny is on a dag'um roll!!!
LMAOOO.
But yeah, I just went through this during spring.
Can he do part of it now
I wanna see The Lucky One like right now
Fortunately, I'm friends with Brad Pitt.
Yoenis will be ours by the end of the night.
classic......wow i'm annoying hhaha it's okay i only do it to my sassy friend jenna.
looks like i might actually only be in Augusta for this week....
had a greeaaat time last night!
Thanks for the tickets and tshirt.
Can't wait to see this epic premiere.
:
Right that's why I think that term is stupid waste of two characters.
I'm getting my diet on point, workout program straight, and motivation level all the way up!
...
I know it's vague and I won't say why.
I'm just disappointed in what I just saw on his TL that's all.
Yes.
RT Can Superman outrun the Flash?
Did you enjoy the discussion?
contacted flip video people about working a deal  they blew me off.
but sony didn't  they are good folks.
Congratulations for the MVP.
Everyone played well.

are you doctornking tonight?
Score is 6 to 5 according to the TV!
just mauled the lawn.
love it ;
Always wondered if I would fall in love...
Juss not for me I guess...
disappointed in ya, north carolina
So much parks and rec
You think life as a woman is hard?
Try peeing with an erection
This is awesome!
I'm thrilled about the idea of a pond read.
Totally understandable.
Best wishes to your sister.
thank you for sharing this on your blog.
I have been cosleeping and getting so many shaking fingers!
Thanks to twitter I feel like I know people here I've never met.
Nice to shake hands w/
swimmers great piece man.
Hope cbus is treating toy well
Thank you for the love and support!
My prayers go out to whitney houstons daughter and family...
she will be missed but live on forever in her music...
Spent a great day with friends on the set of The Suite Life on Deck.
Now I'm sailing.
:
Yes, that trial gives our local news such opportunity, doesn't it.
I don't know.
So many types of ignorant; so little time.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
of course u can baby
The sample in that song is Ella Fitzgerald's, How High The Moon...
I need that FOX on your head!
Sorry folks.
My gig at Tim's Tasting room in Yakima Oct 23rd is postponed until he reopens with his new liquor license.
Thanks!
RT : Every time I come to IA I fight w/ at the playground.
She wants 2 play on the Monkey bars but I want to play Tag
hahaha...they can babysit me:
Haven't talked to or in a while !
I wonder how they're doinn .
Indeed.
If it'll fit within my 50 minutes.
I'm glad you had a great time tonight.
You and sauli looked fierce :
thanks Matt!
not many people can say this but...
i really enjoy my job.
Wow.
I'm surprise the refs gave Wade a flagrant.
so exactly like an iPhone but...umm...bigger?
More importantly, it looks a bit like paul o'grady
Tweet me a number and I'll tweet you a song lyric.
Try and guess the song!!!
Bout to book me a flight to Atl
Send em to , he's a thick or thin fan!
is out of control tonight!
Cool!
I'm sure the weather is perfect for it too.
Am envious.
Enjoy, my friend!
it's 1pm EST
7 hours 45 min from runk to my front door in Nashville.
If I leave at 8 am CST I think I can get there by dinner ...
That whole just sayin shit is really starting to get on my nerves.
The time for it has passed.
Let's move on.
Haha my 3 yr old sister started screaming PSanders and AMeezy in the supermarket!!!
She love and 3
On doctorft Now...
Brewer's Art/Flying Dog Collaboration Brew Table for Two.
Belgian yeast and local Honey.
Yum!
Someone i trust and tell everything to even though we dont talk 24/7
I am so upset that the gays are destroying the sanctity of marriage.
At least we still have role models like Kim Kardashian.
Just thought pepper spray was hand sanitizer....
I really need to start working on my blog.
when you comin back to the bay
Going to see the doc today.
I've had a this weird cough that hasn't gone away after two months....
omg miss look at your hair I love love love it!!!

I'll definitely be there!
Looking forward to meeting you.
or slightly hate less when he's on your team
Just finished reading Heaven is for Real.
Bought it this morning and couldn't put it down.
It's a must read!!!
Happy happy happy.
The world is a beautiful place.
Things fall in place.
Homeless and poor but more fulfilled than ever.
Seen through the window Crape myrtle tossed in a storm by the heat pump fan
Fuck your thoughts !
RT : GOD is GOOD
Speaking of The Avengers, why don't we rank the Marvel Studios output thus far.
Hmm, let's see ...
Wow.
She should the the fuk up!
sweet looking set up!!!
Do work!!
Send us some pictures of your results
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 61
I'm not sure if it is, but there's a game on at 115, USA and Switzerland :
As the largest organ in our body, we owe it to ourselves to take great care of our skin!
Oh no!
May the curative powers of lbf12 be with you, !
Well my Twitter people I'm going to go to bed so maybe I'll tweet tomorrow morning or on Sunday, HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
Myriad is a noun or adjective, but dont use it for merely many.
It means countless or an extremely big number.
Oh my god my mom is over here playing the same sound effect on her phone irritating the hell outta me.
She's worse than a 2 year old!
presents?!
Yay!
I just went to the Craft Revolution exhibit at Mingei and thought of you the whole time.
Really pompous tweet.
They broke story before you.
Man up.
Give credit.
RT : Am looking forward to YES crediting ESPN.
I really think the can sneak away with a win tonight in the ATL.
Sooper pumped!
Ponzu is slightly more complex, but for the purposes of the recipe you could sub w/ 2 parts soy, 1 part lime, 1 part mirin.
RT : Orphan works candidate list now live.
Are any of these yours?
W.lib.UMich.edu/orphanworks
you make me happy ily.
I cannot WAIT for the big gay weddings that will commence later this year!
Is everyone preparing their wardoctorbes?
I'm kind of sweet and fake like splenda, topless on the beach you can call me kendoctor
England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit doctornking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 AmazonKindle
My twitter account got HACKED.
Apologies for anything weird that happened, it was not me.
I hate hackers!
badkarma!
I thank you Fans Friends Followers Club Bookers Radio Programmers Website Owners Critics Reviewers Haters  Lovers!
Going UP!
JUNK SCIENCE OF MANNADE GLOBAL WARMING.
Really!?
santorum keep your head in the sand.
please make that a central issue.
Please!
This shit is getting ridiculous.
Got so use to the company that being alone doesn't even feel right.
Keep Alive the doctoram is the largest tribute in the State of Oregon and has official designation from the Natl.
MLK Jr.
Holiday Commission.
Nope.
The guys signing the contract aren't Omar.
3 more days  the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!!
Everyone check your other messages on Facebook!!
I just did and found the most wonderful message from someone who loved my book!
Another busy day of teacher shadowing and curatorial work at two galleries.
I thrive on hectic days.
Memo to parents out there: Us kids know how much you love us  don't want us to leave, but if we're looking at outofstate jobs pls support
great episode!
The guys fixing our AC at work were just witnessed stealing a bike from the alley behind our store.
Finishing the mastering for Juan Herrera's 8song Latin CD today.
Also authoring a DVD for Michael's.
Yes it is an amazing place!1 Hope you can make it hear one day!!!
I am 24!!
RT : Great play by just now.
everybody i kno real..
fake people r strangers
Stopping doctorbble penetration.
Been an issue all year.
of course I did..wink wink!!!
Candy corn ice cream is a thing, and I am making it for Halloween.
I utilized that strategy when I departed the Dolphins a few years back.
It's the only way to go.
Perhaps you should consider hair extensions  they can add volume and texture to your hair to reduce the appearance of hair loss
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers.
Not me.
The guys I date call me back.
Goodnight everyone!!
Have a blessed sleep and night!!
God bless!!
D
enjoy your weekend my sister....PEACE!!
Here's an OCCUPY trivia question Which famous person spoke at OWS on day ONE?
I keep hearing about that book, but haven't read it yet.
Someday!
Michelle really hopes so too!
Good luck big guy...we will party hats with some BL Margs and Nums next weekend.
A tribute to bold flavors, you guys.
Ok I can smile now!
RT : I am allergic to negative people!
How about you?
wont letme watch the vid on mobile.I dont really like anyone on idol this year.But that girl who sang whitney houston is great
I think there's a guy on the bus that I graduated high school with.
I was about to find out If it was him but then I remembered I don't care
Really looking forward to seeing tonight.
Got a ticket for the sold out show thanks to  !
I've just been told I need a fondu sippy cup...
I love my friends.
We're excited to see you and your mom on the way back!
omg thats so cool!
be careful with your number on the internet tho...
trust me iknow from an expierenceeeee :/
Hey Britain, your taxpayer money paid for for the 70 million royal wedding today!
Did you even get any wedding cake for that hefty bill?
:
LA today was like a milder version of Pompeii circa the Mt.
Vesuvius eruption: light ash and pyroclastic surges.
Harmless and sophomoric, unless you count the rapelike woman's skirt game.
UGH.
Just bought christmasgifts galore at the gift shop!
And maybe a few things for myself...
Dealing with people is possibly the hardest difficulty you face, particularly in case you are in business.
I like it like that :
I'm not sure, but it kinda looks like.
omg I'll be right there!
RT  ilDonnieli u missy out on here yo  I know man, I need 2 get on here more lol!
if you respect me, then i'll respect you
Eek.
usually talks me down at times like that
So on fire so in love.
Way back when we couldn't get enough.
Remind me, remind me
THe same as you, are u still doing nursing?
Its all comin together, new sound, new artist, new deal, new life.
I'm actin brand new...
Everytime someone sends me a stupid link im unfollowing..
they're ridiculous!
when exactly did jtk get a twitter account?
Oops  better be careful, he might see this post.
Good Morning Gals!
Can you believe that it's Halloween weekend already!?
November is right around the corner ;
RT Smile, it's not really that bad.
Bro, if you  your Princesses, including your lady ever wanted to do a real Bobsled run w/ some Olympians holla at me.
Mel we're best friends.
We go way back, how can you forget me like that :
chinese cooks dog when they cannot find chicken
Bess hasnt done anything yet, I like McGahee this year, curious to see a healthy Broncos D tonight too
Arab citizens gave found their voice and there is no going back
Great quote Despite being king, content is often treated like a peasant.
SAVE THE WAVE MIX!
A good way to wake up.
: I'm pretty sure every1 in the wolfpack is in a hot bath It was so cold.
But worth it : The suspense us killing me!!!!
please vote for to play NYC's JINGLE BALL!
www.eventful.com/z100 thanks so much!!!

!!!
We would break necks!
Lmao breaking necks while snappin caps on the Raging Bull
thoughtsduringschool I have no clue what in the hell my professorssor is talking about.
Bar tonight..oh yea
I have been watching LOST all day.
Shit is intense and addicting!
What's really sweet is when Alex Trebek says, You are correct, of course.
Of course!
I mean, what fool...
Gay my bro got tickets to Lmfao but u have to be 21 and older fuck that
Never ever allow your today situation to scare you from achieving your goals, because the most high God has a purpose for your life.
I think it comes out next week!
PS so excited to see you girls down there!!
cc:
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
speeeel check movie.
;D
Can everyone plz fallow me ?
i will return the favor:
I love it...girl I'm in Atlanta.
Never thought it would be this hard to find a church home in Atlanta!
How active is in ur admin?
Duz he inform ur samesexmarriage views?
: The Bulls games on ABC has been horrid...
so true RT : B makes longterm friends.
They don't do shallow people.
Perfect summer night: beer and burgers discussing upcoming Honey Bee Festival.
Mark ur calendars for Sept 17!
OneThingILove seeing you smile..
because of me.
haven't gotten it yet :
where are you looking for apartments?
I just have my iPhone account which is the lavendergirl68 one that you are welcome to add if you ahven't already.
TBC
Leslie at Kerbey Lane?
Oh??!!
Leslie in the red tutu?
I'm flexible as long as it is not on a Thursday.
Don't get too attached, dude.
Awesome!!!
Great life lesson ;
Congrats!
Who are the guests?
I'll be there!
RT Flamenco Tuesday!!
Bootcamp Footwork 730  Upper body 830!!
See ya there  The Pink Flamenco 1111B Chicon
Thank u sir.
I actually read about your Bianco before I tasted it.
But my husband would love your Manhattan recipe.
Do u share?
Surgery like now.
Nervous.
Wah.
/:
Did you have your mojito yet???
Its not too late!
5 mojitos
agreed, though I'm not sure I like the antiSlaveLeia bias...
Teach your kids right from wrong before they know how to say right from wrong
Rep.
Irv Slosberg and Junior League wants everyone to TWEET Speaker of Florida House n say WE NEED TO PASS BOOSTER SEAT BILL!
Shaq more dominate
Me too!
Just poring over my notes from all the speakers today.
This was such a high value event.
Working on some exciting musical projects for 2012 with a variety of wonderful artists  musicians...
Sadden to hear the lost of a HS student involved in a high speed car crash a mile from my house.
You too Bruce!
i just added all my followers again L YA
I want an ice cold doctor pepper
and you don't?
Ahh I don't if I'll make out at night lol day doctornking is crayyy
It can be a pain at times, but I managed to get 3 monitors on an AMD GPU.
The Buffalo Bills signed Vince Young.
doctoram Team baby!
no y
you were missing all last week!
And study hall was awful!
Christmas Eve 3
Piks Of Me And Him In Ah Min Aint Nun New!
This could be a hacker talking : it's legit.
:
I sleep right through thunderstorms.
Crazy lightning and thunder these last few nights?
What?
Writing Inspiration for the day: We all have role models.
Mine is the stegosaurus.
Name 10 people who have influenced who you are  why?
ur in Paris?!
I so wish I was in Paris!!
Photo shop
That extraordinary anger and resentment from the Right has a name 
The first tenet of guiltdoctorven development is to use words strong enough to make the listening party feel as guilty as you need them to.
YES and using the remote with no stickers and having it constantly show closed captainoning
Listening to Kix because I grew up in NOVA.
Unsettled weather is coming to NewMexico!
I'll tell you all about it tonight on KOB Channel 4!
You won't want to miss it!
:
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not attack, seduce, nor attempt to eat members of another delegation.
Good evening, what's up with everyone this fine day?
your teacher told on you!?
Ew wtf, can they even do that!?
YES!
RT : Obama: Here in America, our story has never been about what we can do by ourselves.
Its about what we can do together.
minions.
I want minions.
yes.
i agree.
the first song is My Favorite Things, done Nice and quiet.
Just arrived at the Sepulveda Vets center, about to play some Bach for a therapy group on PTSD.
was he weird!?;
Gym at 830 go to sleep
Thanks to Everyone Who Came Out To the Show on Saturday Night At PEPPERS in Broad Ripple!!
We Had a blast with all of you!!!
Lets get WOOKED up tonight!
Join us as brings the funk to our house for a night of shenanigans.
Creating a ustream page soon they seem pretty cool :
Ew Justin Bieber is ew.
I don't like him.
And neither should you all.
I still don't even know how he has more fans on his fb page than MM
Chess pie, pineapple upsidedown cake, choc fondue, s'mores bar
Mos Wanted, that was amazing.
please follow me!!!
please please please XOXO
ahah, i figured that out after i sent that, felt so dumb, well thats still awesome!
we need to get to the W coast!
Ah, thanks.
Unfortunately, no cable.
And I don't particularly like the news.
Can't imagine how hard it must be to work as a comic.
Acting/modeling can be very difficult, but comedy  wow.
yes!
Come early though!
in the treacherous trailor
Keeping the doctoram alive by Munchener Freiheit, such a great song.
It still inspires me.
Dats true.
They need to calm down also
I also have a puppy now
You're absolutely right, Chris.
Thanks!
The Hampden pop up is going on now till 7pm at 2906 Keswick Rd
I'm disgusted.
He didn't offer you a doctornk?
finding a balance between politically fierce and spiritually grateful is a life challenge
Lapsit for Prewalkers is being offered every Tuesday in March at the Main Library at 10:10am.
Preregister online at 2824607.
Workout program is officially beginning in 14 min aka tomorrow
Beautiful day stadium with and our wild boys!
I guess I'll keep them.
Bobby Abreu to Indians could actually happen.
Manny Acta is big on highOBP guys, and Abreu has always been that.
kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider,  a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 19 1:30p: The coolest ever rocknroll romp in a bug's world,...
my phone is randomly unfollowing people!
At least im making it right and following the people back again!
Awesome RT : If your kids have pubic hair, you don't get to preboard the plane.
I think a good goal in life is to avoid having anyone you know see you using a Coinstar machine
Thats just how it is  gone always be
Many many thanks to for everything he's done for us!
Just finished two huge assignments.
Now onto the next paper.
Ugh.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
But you're our little nerd 3 : Hahaha
Long as the morning head is good, I'll be up with a smile on my face ;
thanks Chris
Unfollow me.
Complain.
Once again, idgaf.
is in need of two collegiate females to work as administrative assts this summer.
Email resumes to
I kind of figure it would get like this...
Thx so much: I love my armband.
Everyday I am plugging my band in trying to beat yesterdays vigourous activity minutes
Imagine Niall calling you in the middle of night.
Niall:''I couldn't go to sleep without hear your voice.
I love you babe.''
Someone new tweet me and start an interesting conversation!
I need a nap
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever.
In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
Wow.
RT : Sen.Claire McCaskill Getting Beefed Up Security After Tea Party Activist Declares We Have To Kill The Claire Bear
About put in work with my personal trainer to work on my beach bod.
Gotta keep it tight ya know!
somewhat annoyed at mds' memory leaks
Burn 60 class in the morning.
Awesome, thanks Shama!
I love watching women box.
Not in the streets though that's just a hair pulling contest lol but hell I'll come see it
seriously, totally made my day.
, congratulations.
so happy for you.
Duni: Technology plays a huge role in what I do.
That was fantastic!
Lots of strong Democrats in Clark County  Floyd County   just had a great meal at Ann's By The River Restaurant surrounded by Patriots!
Savings Tip  Used doctorer sheets work great for the dust on most anything.
I like using them on the T.V.
Want to take your fitness to the next level?
Check out this Xtremely intense Asylum workout from trainer Shaun T
Keynesians subsidize urinals
Arlo White is a crap commentator.
Henry's quick freekick goal v Chelsea in Dec 2004 wasn't massively controversial.
Waiting on network notes.
Wait for it.
Wait for it....
Stop down for tours today at 2pm and 4pm!
Get out of the rain!
Front Desk Wed: Ok, what gives?
Been answering Arctic Circle questions all summer.
Do I give off a yep, my degree's in Geography vibe?
Morning my love.
Such a lovely day isnt it?
breathe with Krewella is a MASTERPIECE.
Cannot wait to perhaps hear it at a show
confined within brick, appreciative of the monetary now, daydoctoraming of what tomorrow's beaches can fulfill.
The eye doctor said my glaucoma is getting worse but I can't see it.
Leaving Knoxville, heading to Atlanta for the Out Life Premiere Party!
presents the cakelady and richie: extraordinary food folks ready for commerce!
best movie tiein I've seen in awhile
Anyone else find midgets playing the ukulele funny?
Only my mom can turn a simple web search into an hour long how to lesson..
its time for a nap :p Bar 9 tonight!!
2 Thursday
New tees are in my hands!
Gotta love it!
I need a jersey!
He is about to take this league by storm!
With him the would have been in the Super Bowl!
we were so proper last night
Use 2 play TW golf like I play mw3 got burnt out had 2 take a brake 4 a year..
Think im going 2 buy TW golf13 it's looking good 
Today is international Pimento cheese sandwich day, thanks to Augusta National Golf Club.
Wtf  gas prices!
can I get the hookup boo boo?
:
RT : Proud to support State Reps Duffey and Stinziano in their efforts to grant voting rights to student trustees at Ohio's...
janey say hi to shawn he being shy today hahaha!
At work bored As a bitch.
Damn dude i love your tweets, they're so fucking amazing and true!
We have the 1 Pizza in the Triangle!
If you haven't tried it, you're definitely missing out, what are you waiting for???
no outlook int  put !/ url in the invite  platform dials out to them.
Everyone wins.
lockdown so they can't get the tool
why are you just now telling me?
threehole punch.
genius.
did I just hear what I think I heard??
singleladynomore ??
Btw, the rock stage at RockTheGarden this year is Quiet Riot, Scorpions, Black Keys, and Led Zeppelin.
Right.
I believe that about as much as I believe a 16yr old boy wants to adopt a sister from China.
1 final down, 3 to go!
For some reason, that doesn't exactly make me feel better lol
Thanks ,  for the tasty vegan grub last night!!
Halloweekend coming up, New York City has so many options it's a bit overwhelming.
House parties, then bar hoping, then a club sounds dope
Smh.
No heather.
noooh!
FFS that's Top Gear USA on the bloody history channel, pure doctorVEL!!
Nope, the regular Hammond, Clarkson  May version!
Fire alarm for burnt tuna lol I'm done
I keep my promises
I am fighting this headache, but I'm losing.
And so is my ibuprofessorn.
This is some bull...
Not going to let it ruin my day.
Love you :
i love girl with something under doctorss ;i wish you move to florida area
Excited that you guys are coming into town!
Redneck is a derogatory term applied to land workers, and is itself quite classist.
Fact: The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by smoking marijuana
what is the name of you and JWows spinoff show?
And when does it start?
Grr too many qa's in one tweet sorry
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation.
and a follow back would be nice too:
That's the worst!
Journalists doing more than ever, busier than ever  PR relationship still matters
another day another whiskey.
Do you always write a thank you note after an interview?
Even if you KNOW you're not getting the gig?
lotto time!
xD
what flawless eyes you have there :
Today we added custom group images :
Party til you pass out doctornk til you're dead!
Dance all night til you can't feel your legs!
I also plan on proposing the creation of an official WASociety twitter, being on the web/social media committee and all.
lesbians acting like men in bed is funny.
hey, somewhat related sidenote.
Do you write in the margins of your books?
PUNK'D!
ISO: Graphic Designer, please pass this info along
who does that?!?
We don't exist for campaigns or corps or orgs, we are by  for the people  Scott Heiferman
omg i am sick, sick, sick...
damn it we were actually getting somewhere
Thanks for the follow and the kind words!
Except here we have to compete with the Congressional Interns and the LOC sluts!
thanks this weekend Milan
HOLYTALETO watch out just had a very GRAND ustream!!!!
We're thankful that most people let us do whatever we want, especially when we kill people or beat the crap out of them.
Think well.
Speak well.
Do well.
These three things, through the mercy of God, will make a man go to Heaven.
St.
Camillus de Lellis
discuss contract
no just meant mine is up n running working good
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
praying you feel better real fast!
Why even put Chalmers back in?
if you think your being cute, your not.
idk u told me like long long time ago ;p
Woo Hoooooo can't wait!!
You completely unscatter me, and I appreciate that so much.
yes indeed!
they use the internets, too!
Can't wait for St.
Augy in the AM :D Good night!!!
Come in to The Bike Line today and sign the peopleforbikes.org petition to make a more bicycle friendly America!
but i dont wanna
how was the show at inntermission
touching prayer from
I'm sure you all are enjoying it!
RT.
Winter on the West Coast, it's gonna be a beautiful night!
M great 4 square burger...
Great service as always.
Just chillen bored laying on my yoga mat and have cramps ugh worst day ever already lol
Hm I wonder what .ASP programmers would be....
Looking forward to seeing Photoshop guru with tonight!
I miss you!
Come back soon and visit.
How is the 'ol So cal treatin you missy?
are you afraid of heights?
Have a good nite!
Be safe out there!
:
the Rockefeller Center xmas tree donated to Habitat for Humanity 2 be used in the construction of a home in Philadelphia.
Ohmygosh I'm so sunburned.
What was I thinking going for a biking expo in a bikini without sunscreen?
There's still so much that you can do in 2D.
It's harder to make a 2D game as cinematic as a 3D game.
bunch of my cousins and their significant others n friends....good ass people
Kiddo and I off to our own special birthday dinner.
I am sporting a necklace  earrings he bought for me at WalMart!
Hilarious  sweet.
Big day tomorrow!
We're on with at 7:50 a.m.
to talk about 's appearance in next week's Halloween parade
I love orange juice .
:
Good morning Sandy!
Thanks for the shoutout.
: Have a great Friday.
WOW.
there is a nasasocial tweetup happening at doctorden today.
Am here doing archival work...
How long should you let a woman repestedly shout Halleluja at the top of her lungs outside your apartment?
It's been about 20 minutes.
great!
I can definitely do all summer
: Arizona supreme court stays tomorrows execution of Sam Lopez deathpenalty Good news!
This rendition of Free Fallin' is gonna be epic.
Winners stay Moving..
I bet I know what that was.
Thx for your hard work on this!
Just might have to get an iPad 2 .
.
.
Awesome recipe and pics, thanks!
You can also get Mangalitsa pork straight from the farmer in UW or West Seattle
who were we supposed to root.
For??
RT: : BG AND were cheering for kU tonight?
Geez, I can't listen to 93.7 anymore!
My timeline isn't loading, great.
trailer park boys is funny.
You should watch it.
Lol
Someone found my blog today by searching never trust a man without a mustache.
Ouch, station posted fake tornado photos.
Somebody on FB pulled from friend's site, thinking photos were current, sent 2 station....
Orange Silicon Valley, ESnet, InfiniBand Trade Association and OpenFabrics Alliance Demonstrate the First Long Distance, MultiStream 4...
Putting money down on a ring for the ol'lady.
damn im no good, but damn its so good.
Mogwai's sound person is a middleaged lady.
She wears a nice sweater/cardigan set and a pencil skirt.
I am fascinated by her.
How am I rude???

let me know when u start so i can migrate to that lucky state, wherever it may be.
Off to the airport!
The Marine Corps approved me today, time to start my journey!
thx for the follow!
Orlando real estate is best priced in history!
I MISS YOUR ASS
I don't feel good :
You can't not be excited about the potential of Rickie Fowler.
Star in the making.
He has it.
And the laws would be guaranteed not to have unintentional side effects.
My love 4 music is AMAZING!!!!
Just getting finished with a demo me nd my friend made :
same as you see on TV really.
Audition after audition 10 at a time and then eliminations.
Yo so any one of followers should add me: Haha
Gm beautiful enjoy your hump day
well at least 1 page so when she asks if you read then u say yes.
Lol
.
Thanks for your support!
Can't wait for NMAP!
but I'm serious ;
Thanks for the follow back, Hope you have a great eve!

I may have seen this on the right day.
:
when did the shower industry meet  decide there would always be 12 curtain holes  12 rings?
why dont other industries have this cohesion?
Just doctorve by Steven King's house in Bangor Maine!
Pretty cool!
:D
Praise God for Charles Stanley as he turns 80.
His ministry inspires many  has made a difference in my life for 20 yrs.
Preparing for the University of Pgh Diversity fair.
yeah that is a sick remix
Bout to watch this movie alone...hopefully I dont get too scared!
The 's are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with autism!
Help us in the fight.
i recognize Bruno's talent, but it isn't my thing.
Congrats to Jim Gibson who closed a 1.5M industrial building in Cotulla, TX!
You dont know how great it feels to have You standing by my side
I just used Project Vote Smarts VoteEasy tool and its a fun way to compare candidates.
www.voteeasy.org
And cup cakes ..
No doubt that is by far one of the best bus ad concepts I have ever seen.
check out at eatonville on sundays during brunch.
her restyling of nirvana's smells like teen spirit was amazing!!
Bad doctoram last night.
Pens doctorpped a 30 lead and lost 34.
No way that was real right?
Working at Dodger Stadium tonight.....Im back in full effect!!!!
have hit a genealogy brick wall on all lines...need to step away and regroup...
Suicidal insulin pump.
Happy Mother's Day!
What are you doing to make your mother feel special?
LEGISLATIVE COWARDICE, RUINED LIVES, DESTROYED FAMILIES....
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Finishing up the program for the 2010 Crowned Prince  Princess Charm Pageant this weekend
salty and greasy is slightly better than sweaty, I guess.
Sure.
But how did it get in there?
If leaves anything out, there are plenty of pilgrimage tweeps who might be willing to fill you in.
;
Let's ride tonight then!
Need change.
I suppose I'll start w my hair color.
you actually have 849...
NO NEED TO MAKE THOSE PICS PUBLIC.GOTTA FEEL FOR HIS MOM SAD HE DID NOT CARE ABOUT HER.
If you only knew what the future hold After a hurricane comes a rainbow.
ok friend....happy new year
I had no idea and I loved Perry's growing up
Is it an app!?
I don't think I'll survive this week
The greatest gift you can give someone today is a smile!
Good morning  don't forget Satori will be in Phoenix this weekend giving seminars on our program!
Yeah if anyone who reads this needs to get at me, I'm good on heytell when i have
At target, looking at doctorsses..
And wishing was here with me lol
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom 
To all my followers from the Philly area, no disrespect ha
I really miss my bluetooth headset!
if I rip my ears out one more time on that darn cord I might go crazy, or end up in a roadside ditch...
TGIF  It's going to be a long weekend
Americans harvested the last locally grown marshmallow in the 90's.
Now all marshmallows are grown in Equador.
We can teach healthy sexuality early by teaching kids boundaries and healthy relationships with friends and family.
Two girls one bed
The mother fucking frogs are back fucking in my neighbor's piece of shit walmart pond.
Fuck u frogs and fuck u walmart.
Add Iowa to the list of states Forward Fabrics has shipped to.
45 to go!
46, if you consider Illinois to be a state.
UTBlackademics how many people think transportation options  planning  black quality of life?
We need to start.
alright just making sure you're happy!
:
Hey would you give us a listen?
thanks :
I got freaked out last night!
lol, I had to get up and close all my windows so there'd be no noise I could mistake for a burglar.
Also seeing that a slow walk, holding up traffic,  running into things because your focused on your cell phone is universal.
Not good.
RT : One of our amazing students is finishing up a summer project rowing a boat from FL to NJ.
W.Rocktheboatforautism.org
hey guys, were a twitter account sharing fan stories about how it was meeting you.
Follow back?
haha sucks to suck 
when are you moving?
Thanks for the RT!
well, I have you as my older brother here :
GO FOR IT!
sins be gone!
All clean!
Thanks!
I'll DM you to get coffee and talk ab how we can work together.
Hope your workshop is excellent.
Are the price of your medications starting to overwhelm you?
We are here to help!
Starting July 1st we will have a CoPay Assistance Program
See FB page for 3 things you can do to save PE
Im really lukin for a shot wit dis' rappin'!!!
Im really gud and theres not alot of ohio rappers!!
congrats on your AllState selection.
Great year for you and the Tigers!
to be honest, not even sure what a marshmallow fondant IS!
i've made many the fluffernutter though!
Omg  rihanna is in a movie ; its called battleship !!!!
I94 west closed at hwy F for rollover with extended extrication.
Please follow me3 I'm a huge fan,you're so beautiful3 My friendsI hope to meet you some day!
: 3
Ray of Duncanville: We are all in favor of acct.
My acct is walking into Tom Thumb in my community.
Testing should be diagnostic.
Tell us the damn song the new 5 plans to step to the plate with!
I say Run this Town.
Jay, Ye  Rhi
I hurt because u do not help me recover
Gr, why am I awake?
that's good:
cableone is down AGAIN, could someone tell me again why I give money to companies that just suck.
Frozen Coke from Burger King wud hit the spot right now.
when is the non throwback throwback weekend.
I assume this year it refers to throwing back adult beverages!!
wtf?!
You should have said Thanks, hotty mc hot hot lets go get naked!
hahahah
I like my girls with a little bit of a curve.
Interval training, the difference maker!
Better Fitness Daily Weve taken time to think about and write down, where we are and...
Insider V Day Tip!
If you waited until last minute to book, go to this weekend for 39 Date Night.
Includes bottle of vino!
14 days.
Come on.
Let's do thisZ
Best Bodybuilding Diet  Pregnancy Health Guide
Watching TLC waterfalls video.
Whoa throwback
Thanks for the retweet Miriam!
Happy weekend!
This weekend is about to be hellllla fun.
Friday night birthday party, about to go hard !
PartyMemories will def.
be made ;
Woke up too early for school...time to kill!
Where is my bus doctorver !?
too cute!...that might have turned her on more though lols
I seen u wen I was n a relationship but never payd attention.but now u tryna doctorg me n well im still thinkn hard.
Its happinin to fast
All of a sudden, its like I'm holding a pony So wise, and SO funny!
Really?
Not even occasionally?
Grilled Swordfish Steak w saute of Bacon, asparagus  corn, a gorgonzola mornay sauce  rosemary duchess potatoes.
18.95 
Enjoyed showing excerpts of DETROPIA to
What about Chicago?
my cousin.
She been doing hair but she in school now, she did it for prom too
Ready to make movies?
I just linked my Twitter to my Facebook.
Welcome to 3 years ago, Alex.
Sigh.
Well I had listened to him and his dad on last night when I got home.
He basically said the same thing as on your link though!
I'm dead rn.
Who is going to watch MARLEY Documentary film??
Thank god only 18 more days or some shit.
RIP DonnaSummer  You'll be missed.
Great to meet you!
Hope you enjoy your brownies.
13 year olds talking about sex need their ass beat!!!!!
Errands, phone store to figure out why my phone is being ridic, baking, cleaning/organizing and catching up on my shows.
Good day.
thanks babe :
2 weeks until I see at 3
Watching Idol and THERE YOU ARE!
Nice job tonight!
Corona Bucket!
same here :
Tuesdays ARE lame.
MY birthday is a Tuesday this year too.
:D
Football is so wack
RT : Let me just say that Jimmy Carter was most moral, truly Christian person to serve as President of the United States...
We just can't anymore.
I brought up Hulk killing Hulk and things hit system overload.
who am I going to talk to tomorrow in class?!?
JK.
I'll get notes for you if need be.
Feel better and doctornk gatorade!
Discussing ways to help parents with ADHD kids who talk excessively.
Of course I still do this myself!
Ok so the Chocolate Chip Frappicino from StarBucks is awesome!!
We love to see you continuously improving.
Our writers are the best!
Can DC taxpayers appropriate the ourpark hashtag to complain about publicly financed stadiums?
my pleasure ladies :
RT  thanks for the follow,if u need ideas for latinamerican markets,let us know!
greetings !
Absolutely!
he should hire Dan Leistikow to spin his remarks
yay!
Glad you're feelin better, lady :
Researching the best eye creams out there for a beauty article.
Ladies, what do you love/hate/swear by?
Happy Monday honey bunny
I guess cereal it is
Thank you!
GUCCI GUCCI kreayshawn
No sleep tonight...
No problem  looking forward to reading your tweets :
keynote: doctorpal's system of government is a doocracy
And Keef says the exact same thing!
I had a conversation last week with a department chair who reminded me quite a bit of you.
This was a good thing.
Don't give up!
Stay up!
Don't stop!
Keep moving!
Don't cry!
Rejoice.
Possibilities exist in the toughest problems.
Authorities say house fire on Garfield Ave in Columbus considered suspicious and they're talking with a person of interest.
Live at 11
you're welcome  I was going to follow you either way haha but thanks for asking D
lots of injuries screwing up teams up.
Big Star on the hotel pool stereo!
I was at game 5 of the ECF when they won 30.
Last game they'd win that year.
Just devastating.
Go !
Save us from having to watch the Nyjer Morgan/Prince Fielder ghetto wannabe act in the World Series.
Skewer the
You are not that old!
The first movie I saw in the theaters was Star Wars in 1977.
Been a sci fi fan since
Wow!
Glad to hear it went well!
Amazing.
It is a cover of a song by Set Your Goals!
Excited to welcome to cunydhi!
Doug begins with a discussion of the importance of curation at this cultural moment.
it really is.
That's my favorite japanese spot :D
WHAT'S A BOOK?
Also, for me, the joy of online shopping isn't so much the browsing as the arrival of packages at my door :
God set my clock fast so I'm ahead of my time.
yo I gotta new line.
Hit me if you wanna hit the lab while you out here.
: love you tootold you that you're gay
Man is a dog's idea of what God should be.
Holbrook Jackson
Just when I thought my life was coming together, I realized it was just starting to fall apart.
Well after a frustrating practice Tuesday night.
Tonights practice/scrimmage was a good one  a lot better.
Still need some work though.
Congratulations!
Good luck in NYC.
thanks for following look forward to getting to know you and Source Interlink
To the people posting videos on YouTube of why I hate One Direction you're just mad cause Louis' ass gets more views than you.
No supermarket, no library, dist 9 has certainly been left behind
A special FF to because he often tweets about how awesome I am  is the only person in the world who actually believes it.
Stevens by a long shot RT : Who looks more like they could put on a jerseypass as a player: Lehigh Reed or Butler's Stevens?
iLoveWhenYou smile at me out of no where :
Stop speaking spanish I don't know what the fuck you're saying
oh just a bad cold.
Plus I opened this morning so I didnt sleep well
hit me up !
After a prolonged absence I think may be back on the tweet sauce.
Very exciting!
had a blast.
Great to meet you!
RT : Religion has it right.
There IS only ONE true God.
They're only wrong in believing He loves and belongs solely to......
If at first you don't succeed, fck it.
What's on TV?
OOH!
HAPPY BIRFDAY!
:D I'm still stealing cake though.
.
You're old now!
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Got certified to teach Turbo Kickboxing!
I can't wait to bring this class to Nashville!
Me too!!
HAHA!
I just was not in the mood this morning.
I'm going to a party tonight so i'll attack this mane after work.
I hope you're feeling better.
glad you could finally see our place!
Plz follow me its my doctoram
Please Read this!
I LOVE Your Voice its So Beautiful!!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
it's not that bad I click on links that say do not click here.
I don't know why
2 scenes completed today for 'Damaged Goods'...
All went very well!!
True.
I'm all about keeping Austin from becoming NYC/LA.
Perhaps the underlying concern.
using the restroom to take a leak can be stressful just remember to shake three times if you shake more your playing with it
: Oh yes.
I have invented 14 new things and solved the energy crisis and also knitted hats for my cats.
Life sucks and then you die.
Perfect, thanks!
that i do
Thanks to folks who donated funds and thank you gifts to the show last week.
You're supporting TCT  free speech radio via  Hooray!
Wish I could mic slam like the POTUS but I'm usually at a podium.
I heard an NPR interview with you this afternoon.
You are adorable!
TITLE: ultra mega unique beauty with captainvating eyes.
Nice brass weld work on these butt joints.
My hat is off to the American works Dayton Ohio 1940.
yes!
If you have then can be my best man.
Even the Timbers reserves getting in on the winning action, 10 today over Vancouver.
Great road trip!
whoa dere , liam bagging those biddies
It's summer!
Back to my old ways
If I haven't got destroyed  completely shut down yet , I never will.
I'll always pick myself up and keep moving ..
The new Killer Apps of the Net: Communication, Content, engagement, reality.
Getting ready to Denver with youtu.be/Fp0YXCHUbY
SomeoneIdLikeToMeet Ray Lewis one of my heroes and true inspirations to play the game I love
I'd let Oomf ride my tongue....I neva ate cootie tho lol ?
LOL I have all the right to laugh!!
make sense
is now UFC tv.
Need to start MotoTV that Plays everything from Crusty 1 to live races!
Is too exhausted after heavy workout!
made many a deposit I'm sure
Thanks  we were alerted to the error and everything is resolved now.
Congratulations and welcome to the chapter
Sheila Kloefkorn from KEO Marketing just schooled us on The Ways of Google.
Content and content are spelled the same but way different!
Today is my fathers 50th birthday!
Yay Dad!!!
doctorving out of nyc at 6 pm.
Wish me luck.
Affirmed!
MT : So thrilled with all the people in my life who are brave, passionate  joyful.
Together we're remaking the world.
Thanks again to from ABC15 for joining the WCGAPS investigation Saturday nite...
I take my childoctorn everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben
pretty please you would make my night.
:
: Completely freaked by the cover of TIME this monthI said the same thing!
That's a whole toddler!
Anytime I get a tweet like that, my day is made.
xoxo.
So fun hanging today.
Is there an American between the ages of 1535 w/ a real interest in semi/pop culture who couldn't be plausibly tagged w/ term hipster?
WeHo's cool.
They're repaving the street right in front of the library so patron's will have a nice smooth ride into the lot.
my teams name in Spanish  ;
RT : Whatever you do in your life, make sure it has meaning...and do it with passion!
My name is , and I am still a
I like it too!!
// Secret confession: I like Eminem and Rihanna's new song.
ilovethewayyoulie
We're just here way too early.
wmnldoctor.
Joanne Brandes says yo always stay on line with your values no matter what!
I've been reading WoT for years and want AMoL asap, but I just started WoK  agree w/my BF, waiting for WoK2 is harder!
Just like Friday, Lombardozzi single in 1st, Harper walked 1st atbat, Ankiel single in 2nd
When does it start ?
RT : I can't wait for PRIDE season!
Bring it on :
2417, so no Irish Wake last night, thank God.
Wedding coming up?
See us about getting those teeth looking bright white.
I'm already doing it but my SIL is interested if nobody else has claimed it yet.
Let me know.
installed iOS5 on my 3GS, liking the new unobtrusive notifications system
everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol
Thanks for the retweet and reference!
Nigga.
Yes I do, and just go with me?
Duhh.
Opportunities are calling...
Please hit me!!!
thanks for the mention  I appreciate it!
You're welcome!
RT thank you!
Literally JUST realized where invites are on LinkedIn.
I was wondering why I never got any love.
Just made 100 friends in 5 minutes.
Times Square station steel doctorm player slaying Hava Negilah upon my arrival.
Big morning for subway platform music.
Happy Easter to U all : hope U'll have a great weekend!
that's not his real kik..cause Austin's aunt even said he wasent gettin a new PO box addoctorss
Just got my Mac back!
Logic board was replaced and now works perfect :
I'M NOT QUICK TO FORGIVE BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY MAKE JUST ONE MISTAKE...
;
WI fishing season has been in full swing for a whole week and I have a stupid ass sunburn to prove it.
I just want to be chased after for once.
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.
My lady likes to get doctorssed up all classy and kick Lil Kim lyrics.
Great deal!!!
thanks right ..lol
No problem.
Thanks for taking a look.
:
I will never give the love a meaning!
thanks for obliging my requests last night.
Had a good time.
Adam Richman always makes me smile although today I cannot smile no matter what :
Can't wait for a sushi lunch w/  I'm starving!!!
verifying everything with the compliance office right now.
Should have the names out shortly.
It also helps a lot when you make every put between 5' to 15' on the final round.
Save parswin the tournament.
hahaha...
wtf are we doing on twitter!
like OH EMM GEE.
i never use this thing...
haha
Yep.
So what are you up to?
Success is simply a matter of luck.
Ask any failure.Earl Wilson
no i take dat back..
im hongry
its going great my aunt Jenna fell and its still the laugh of the day
NO ONE YETX
This forgotten gem is turning collector's heads like it did back in 1988 and will be known as the most valuable Jose Canseco card on earth!
yea I know ..
Lmao
I'm super happy.
: you?
I miss you
yess!!
Exactly mfs need to realize that
I meant room mate
you too!
thanks for your help promoting as well
Thanks to you and all of the walkers  volunteers!
RT : thank you for making a difference today!!!!
: Heat win Game 1 despite losing Chris Bosh to menstrual cramps.
' again he goes back to the rude ass he always was :/
I just shed a tear.
Perfect time for a nap
Fivestar hotels booked for weddings on 5/5/55  Chicago Tribune
I find that it works better after a ton of historical conversation has happened...
New to Twitter, wish me luck.
not much you
Two weeks ago, my boyfriend of 4 1/2 years asked for clarification on my middle name...
Do people always mess up your name?
Well, I survived not getting my ass kicked in Nashville last night while sporting my Wisco gear
So weird.
I'm getting password errors for my FTP with Transmit and FireFTP, but I can log in just fine with Coda.
What the heck.
: I LOVE THIS CITY MIAMIyou are here?
This line is way too fucking long.
OHMYGOD,the graduation celebration that James is talking at is free and open to the public.SOMEONE TAKE ME PLEASE.
My pleasure to share.
Great post!
I really liked the dunk tank analogy
IN THREE WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I'VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE: IT GOES ON.
FROST
When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.
Martin Luther King Jr.
you just 3 people
saw a first doctorft of my music video today.......o....
:
I've been good and u?
At a local football game!
comingoutstory I feel so loved.
Come on all you KISSERS let us journey out to Corrales for the next big Tumbleweed show.
January 26th at the Corrales Bistro
all the time lol
I wish
How can I make my divorce easier on my kids?
ChildoctornandDivorce Stay tuned for answers.
That's weird  thought I was following!
Am now.
ECOMONDAY because they are the most innovative green thing to happen to Chicago
I have no life.
I just listen I music all day and night.
My mancandy was the first to wish me Happy Bday last night.
courtney wasn't very happy about this.
To remind everyone, I am still the Mayor of Pittsburgh.
I know, I am so cold.
Thinking the space heater may help in the morning.
Damn y do I keep running into dudes that have kids wtf
A SoBe Art Deco Resort Takeover.
Party for 3 days  3 nights w other lifestyle couples from around the world.
Pkgs start at 1180 per cpl
True re: outside transparency.
Like last minute amendment granting mayoral powers in hotelier vote.
I know you just won the masters, but get a better hairstyle!
Yes, your food group of sandwiches is an inspired choice that gives quite a bit of latitude.
I found an open network in the bar.
haha i just had some!!!
Mixing Lime Bacardi and Pepsi!
taste Good!
Merlot for later on!
I've got it for doctorw , Bart for Bart Starr
Holy cow.
Just what did put in Steve's Wheaties this morning?
lol
Dnt hear nothing good wen u wake hear in New Orleans too many ppl got hurt last nite dis sum bullshit!!
God bless us!
Nassau Co.
Police are investigating a report of a person trying to talk to or lure a child walking home from Newbridge Road Elem.
School.
Back to Arsenal..
Final Free kick for Arsenal.
Goalie is up in the box.
I need a picture in picture TV for days like this.
those snacks are awesome!
Best wishes for a peaceful experience!
The other side is ohsoworththewait!
God blessed you and I know u appreciate that.
:
I need to pop some popcorn LOST is on in a few!
Awesome weekend!
Choir concert, The Beach, Days of Summer, lazy Sunday, good dinner and company and game night!
I spit in your mouth when u sleep!
kmsl friend if you got to sneak  give me ur number then dnt it aint like I asked fa it slick ass
I can't wait for Indy Pride Festival, it's gunna be a shit show!
new to twitter!
introduce me to people :D
Schoolwork n skip bayless
2012....Take all events seriously, disasters to politics...you life depends on it!
hahahah, it's a real good one.
It's my give me money face.
Have never been so sore in such a good way!
I think I feel what they call abs
I'm on omegleee, come and try to find mee : I'm saying K J LO
Rev.
Jesse Jackson on ed reform  It is a Race to the Top...for those who can run
Just three days until we welcome admitted students at Columbia Connect!
Let us know if you are coming with the tag
If I start tonight I might be able to get everyone.
So, here we go.
so like in my school..
we made clay mask of people and i made Harry and every1 is like WHO THE HELL IS HE?
I HATE LIVING IN USA..
they dumb
i hate when celebs dont retweet you or follow u it lowers my self asteem
I noticed that myself.
It will mention you have retweets but no one listed.
fair enough.
but, completely seriously:  any kind of music ever created
Done forgot my twitter email and password smh.
Hopefully i never gotta log out dis bitch
I got Hannah a new scooter for Christmas I think it might be time for me to take a ride lol
Blackman Kallick is expanding!
We are seeking an experienced accounting and finance recruiter to join our team.
Please message me for det
Excellent lunch at today...veggie quesadilla and a small bowl of vegan chili.
Thanks for the follow!
It is much appreciated!
Big shout out to at AIIP board mtg.
for her webmastery!
Oh ok reading it was Jessica biel
I think we have enough youth.
How about a fountain of smart?
I'm excited, nervous, happy all at the same time!!
let's go to Jamaica!
LoL!
prove it
alright then...im sure nikko doesnt care.
but i actually have a game at 5 lbs..i told you id come after
The greatest hindoctornce 2 the advancment of God's Kingdom in these times is religion.
It was religious leadoctor who crucifed Jesus not sinners
I live literally right behind that :.
What will fix the economy: belief that the economy is getting better and will continue to do so.
Day 89 of 100: I am thankful for sleeping in..
same number of hours, but it feels gooood!
Be careful who you marry, because the only thing worse than being lonely is wishing you were
I like watching older episodes of a cartoon show.
The voices of the characters are weird and not as awesome.
congrats on the new phone!
Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday!
Come do brunch with us!
sharing flipclass model w/ my dept on tues.
can you share you favorite resources to add to my collection?
should be inform.
about flipping
freaky ass lol
Thank you for the follow!
Green Consulting  may stop and see you in Seattle sometime.
ThingsThatINeed are actually people Zayn, Harry, Louis, Niall, Liam ONE DIRECTION IS WHT I NEED!!!!!!!
33
Oh!
I love new car smell!
Enjoy!
Listening to Meat Beat Manifesto OMG
im still low key practicing!!..
i havent start piercings yet but i am :
The Roots were jamming to the iPhone ringtone on the Jimmy Fallon show.
Nice!
I LOVE the Icehouse!
Enjoy.
I am so happy the sky is clear.
Hopefully it will stay that way so we can see supermoon!
Tis the season to celebrate women  tech!
Congrats to all of you  cheers to your success!
Join us for one of many events...
Prepare for war, gentlemen.
Why settle?
You can sue all day and spank all night.
I will..
Definitely
Congrats to Don Smith on his piece last week in the Oregonian last week on European travel.
Need help getting boogs out of your carpet?
We can help!
RT : Stop by the truck today for Free Screening tix to the movie WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOUR EXPECTING from
Something else: Can Karma be scientifically proven?
All the time
Always be grateful and thankful for what you have now, You never know when it all might go away.
My hands are shaking right now
At pick 8 you can grab a still good RB and then a good QB or WR on the way back earlier.
Watching BlackGirlsRock!
Hope you tune in too, even if just for a little bit.
Ellen Levy, David Rothenberg, Gerald Borgia  Nathaniel Comfort discuss intersections of art  evolution at 3/22
like a bosh...
Mentioned my new treat is a grapefruit juice slushee.
I've eaten it everyday for over a week.
Boring?
No...
From the deepest feelings within my heart I wanted to thank you for allowing love to come forth come forth.
m.e.
Is Bill Arneson still the coach?
Not a cirque fan
Laptop is broken aqain ,
Warm welcome new followers!
Oh.
Wow.
That is astonishing.
JUST UNDID MY TYE DYE SHIRT ITS AMAZING HOLY SHIT
Just put a bid on a nice house.
Fingers crossed.
what makes it shocking is I know the company ethos isn't like that
RT u in beckham bodywear might get me back east.
Brew Crew looked amazing today!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life, so get out there and then again, tomorrow is also the first day of the rest of your life.
Cindy is stunning yes , but Stacy you are amazingly gorgeous !!
From a longtime fan !
thanks for the follow
why do u do this to me?!
I thought you loved your rushers!
Hahaha
Just got a little giddy as I put the LAST item on my shopping list in my basket at Yes!
nowplaying  the longer I run, Peter Bradley Adams
We're so incredibly proud of our overseas friends!
3 RT : Love ; they're all just amazing 3
Decent shot put form in pic.
Lf leg lock good, lf elbow low, release point high, not enough hip.
astdoctorcDenison Cultural model helps combine cultures without loss of innovation during mergeracquisition
Right now we have a concept of cover whereby you are awarded professorciency for some easy exercises if you finish hard ones first
Well its almost 2012 RT IF YOU WANT SOMETHING BIG TO HAPPEND IN THIS YEAR , SOMETHING BIG IMWANT TO HAPPEN D IN MY LIFE IS
I love you NewYork
Katrina haahha yes do that!
And then he'll come put and ull be like rite there and it wld b awesome!
I wish it was the 50s were every guy was a hopeless romantic and I'll be that one girl with the poodle skirt youll love :
It's Mighty Kat's birthday.
PR's are required.
I knew you would!
Hahaha!
XD so you didn't say one word to Sean?
aloha and you are welcome!
have fun with that.
I'm pretty sure he hates you.
told u son how was the session at the gym
Table read for my new project!
They Live Among Us!
Went super smooth and very fun cast!
I play a pissed off gf throwing out my bf!
Ladies and Gentlemen...
Nick How Clay Got His Sack Total Back Perry!!!
told you!
But I still got kinda soaked...
All our group at Pomona..
will be attending Irvine  Ventura..
I know there's like 4 of us going to all 4..
And categories.
And history.
We'll also want to preserve URLs as much as possible.
Lots of moving parts
Ever notice how it's a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your twocents?
Someone is making a penny on the deal!
Steven Wright
They have four, FOUR, rings in 12 years.
The Big 3 have 1 COMBINED in 9 years.
There is no argument.
Now go win one for Texans!
Pls
Dang I just put my car on craiglist, and seven people wanna buy it already
your boss works you too hard
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
Oliver Goldsmith
The Pharisees were good men, but hyper religious.
They sought to follow over 600 laws, to make sure they were right with God.
You know what, Staples?
Keep my 38.
I get shell shock when I enter your store.
Going home to New Orleans for much needed vacation
indeed.
Whether it is by the way I purchased it or not is debatable.
great tweet
that is awesome you are winning in racquetball.
where do you play at?
good advice  RT : over 1000 tickets already sold for make sure you get yours early since prices go up per avail.
No one told me it was national hamburger month
so ready to get back to LA....a month gone is long...lol...3 more days n counting!
: I'm LOVIN this SIxers squad and their energy.
They're not afraid of Miami.// Y should they be, have u seen the heat play?
OOOOhhh so jealous I want to see a Tampa hockey game!
I have to look if they play the Caps up here or down there.
Miss you!
why, blogathonATX of course!
I was kind of devastated when I found out Lady Jaye passed away.
Did you enjoy it???
just make me happy follow meso i can finally prove my friends wrong!they say u will never notice me but i say
i feel ya lmao
; love ya
hush up
Uecker slightly misjudged the Aramis fly out
My life has turned into returning emails all of my time.
Thank you so much!
Great promise in Texas for future of libraries and emerging technologies you guys have perfect oppty to seize!
12 hours  Relay was a success!
Thank you's: 1 Starbucks grande WC mocha w/ soy, 1 Diet Coke, 1 Fivehour energy,  H20!
Mysterious 'Hum' Only Canadians Can Hear yahoonews It's the sound of maple being extracted from trees.
.
.

mypleasure.
yogaqueenLaure'n's the best.
up late...excited about lifeblissmeditation at Laure'n's tomorrow
Hey if any of you wanna talk just DM me : I like to talk to all yall ;
Mm yeah, it's delish.
I keep meaning to head over to the brewery.
I'm good, but I miss pizza  NY!
How's married life?
And NY?
first experience at catalyst.
Been awesome...except for the stranger kissing and groping on stage at the preshow.
he is so cute good luck
SometimesYouHaveTo show people better than you can tell them...
Just met oneeyed willy, except it was a golden retriever with one eye.
So adorable!!!
's are going to sprout parsley leaves soon.
I don't wanna sound like a badass or anything..but I play the Wii without the wrist strap
RT : Yes  RT : A good teacher makes 300 feel connected just as well as 45 meded SERIOUSLY
The sucker yet again
Happy Valentines day to all!!!
Even if you're single, someone still loves you!
I might when I get my secdual
People Always Tell Me I Look Better In Person .
OH at : If you're 'super pumped' about something, is that hyphenated?
Mariano: I don't know what you're gonna do.
I just want to say thank you.
You truly were the best.
Thanks for sharing my tweet!
Cheers, and enjoy the rest of SX!
BreakoutKings crazy season finale.
Damn good show!
Are people seriously fighting over which artists they are fans of?
Really?
I love itty bitty piggy.
Friday Fuji Dinner Deal 9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji doctorssing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
LeGarrette Blount just made an awful play, that's all you can say.
RT : Beta of 4MeNU  micro review site for restaurants and businesses where you can earn points/Sway is alive!...
you read my mind exactly
love how the guy i like has a girlfriend fuck my life: hahaha on to the next one shit.
They lost to Butler last year
L1C you later
I just want to see this Clarity video.
Watching the ChangeUp and cracking up more than I expected.
So unexpectedly hilarious...
seriously no one can take that title away from you.
Props.
you were there when I literally knew no one at UW.
sounds like someones kitty litter needs cleaned.
Are you dancing yet ?
I doubt it, but I am sending you some love.
XO
Catch ya Tuesday Dan
thank you so much.
We all work very hard at it.
Where Going in tour in June!
Where are you from?
that dude is super good
Lol.
xD 3rd base is scary..he had me play like 5 feet away from the home plate.
No joke.
winning run off a balk?
This class was so competitive that for you to be even in the top 10 percentile you needed at least a 5.5 weighted GPA
the only thing a guy should want to change about his girl, is her last name; adoctorss; and her view point on men.
agreed; I'll come with you
Still not over the fact that my works premium giveaway is a lululemon sweatshirt
Life is what you make of it.
It's nice having her back!
LOVING Toyota Center right now, feels like playoffs!
RedNation fans bringing it tonight!!
People have a lot of misconceptions about anarchism but I can tell you, as I slog through this whitepaper on consensus, it is REALLY BORING
NO, I think you should call me ; even though I dont have a phone since Im your cheek..oh well :
: So...do all those Dynamo players get yellows for hopping the wall and celebrating?
Wondering same thing.
Let em celebrate
omg that show gives me the creeps
Do something awesome !!!
never too early!
YESS !
prank James and Patrick LMAO.
im just laughing thinking about it.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO3
Yeah it is!
Vote: aye 74, no 43.
Passes.
I'll grab a roll call...
At my favorite place in the world, Barnes and Noble.
I remember that one time when and I bought sex books.
Lolz good times.
Good morning!!
follow me
Hope you're feeling better 3 Love You!
Follow?
sometimes you have to take a few steps back so you can leap forward.
Stay positive bud!
Oh my goodness!
What is this?
A cupcake newsblog thing?
I LOVE IT!
Tell me more!
lol u gon be in trouble
I'll be your row boat, you'll be the Queen Mary.
NO LINE at the Manolo sale nyc at the warwick hotel 65 W 54st.
all sizes, great selection run!
is still here
the paper is interrupted by two other papers, lol Such is grad school life, but progress is good, thanks for asking!
:
players too, but what good's a system with neutral arbitrator if it's perceived that any decision against 1 side gets him canned?
Hooray for lovely students!
We really are blessed here at
Girls that act ghetto when they aren't
Come try the Shrimp Po Boy with fries for lunch today!
My neighbor named Ginger dyed her hair red.
Reading Beyond Good and Evil....great piece of philosophy..very much recommend it!
Was it 0?
Speak for yourself, Matt.
All day I doctoram about shrimp.
And I'm not the only one.
I think Korn wrote a song about it.
the mall is attachment central.
All day i've felt like something was missing...
Gr8 night hanging w/ Lindsay, Taylor, Kai  Ava...MUCH NEEDED!
Beginning the long arduous process of figuring out how yet another socialnetworking site works.
Oh ain't it a blast...
Better than sex..;O
was on THE LATE JIMMY FALLON SHOW on 10/15/2010 as a Dancing Chilean Miner!
Lack of scoring by the second rank offense in regular season is reminding me of 2 years ago.
will need someone to pick it up.
Another night of writing complete.
:
Ima flatiron that shit!!
: Well we are going to meet him  braid his hair lolRT fuck yes!!
THE REFS MIND AS WELL BE WEARING HEAT UNIFORMS...LOL
nice, I'm less douchey then all but...
Gasp ?!?
Z what happened?
like wtf is wrong with northern suburban kids these days?
ohh im from dominican republic but i live in new york and you ;D ?
Heading into the monastic void 4 few days.
Please supply your own nerdy, snarky, and/or rhetoricy posts in the meantime.
See ya!
in the bed sick, watching family guy!
Nice!
I like the Video
i believe in the maddencurse just as much as i believe in the curseoftito :
I can submit tons of girls including more of bhole girl destiny if your welling to help me out?
im gonna go watch Jaws 2 and fall asleep with my puppy because im just that cool
Throwback Thursday going to the Maine concert
During these eoc's music has been my bestfriend.
Snapple fact: India has a Bill of Rights for Cows.
Hmm, you learn something new every day!
I sure will take pics along the way of my journey
Closed for the day!
Back again next Friday!
Have a great week!
there's a Loteria Grill on Sunset I think also.
good night!
:
The website is coming along great!
All dealerships will be adding their information this week.
RT when do u vault??/// Tomorrow at 8:30 eastern
Tip 131: Online...When down to 3 tables in an mtt open up all tables and take lots of notes.
This will give you a sneak preview.
Say no more RT : lol betta then old times we got more money now
My phone keeps infill owing you...
Noelle beams of Clearwire says mobile traffic growing in huge leaps and clear has network to support demand for capacity.
Check May/June ScientificAmericanMind final page, MindinPictures, on vaccinations.
Too true and very scary.
More measles, mumps, deaths.
Let us know when you get it and what you think!
but did he do the moonwalk correctly?
Emma is being a little shoot!
Lol.
i play for the wizards we goin to the playoffs
what's up ?
We need to get together.
Its been a while.
Rip Easy E and Humphrey AKA SINBAD L.
A.
Breakers

they'll always be mountains to me lol
Valentine was still the best adventure, and story, ever!
Can you believe that was 4 years ago?!
My work is done for the night.
I'll be up in a couple hours.
Night everyone.
Help me out.
Did I run Danny over?
I dipped my shoulder  him bouncing off is all I remember.
I turned after that lol.
Today is National Noodle Day!
How are you going to celebrate?
Pho, ramen, spaghetti?
ificouldwishforanything it would be immortality
dtc354 rita raley gives great examples of mobile devices infiltrating space and place and how the concept of reading is transcended.
Thank you.
It's been extremely hard, but we're moving on the best we can.
Don't wanna deal with this anymore!
:' need more sleep!
Night
In the new Ultimate SpiderMan universe, lets start calling the tingling spideysense what it really is: menopause.
Hope I get my Hair cut tomorrow!!
Im ready
excellent article.
Happy birthday to the freshest lady in the Bay
I really dislike watching watching these stupid fake half ass remodeling shows especially the ones that have some stupid bimbo host
hope you've lightened up some.
Barry's been all but MIA too.
I am speaking about how urban freeways ruined cities tomorrow
Pine cones, piccolo, pianissimo
RT : SeeSaw is a visual discovery platform that allows you to see Tweets in a new way
Ill admit I grew up too fast, but I had to, to survive.
I want ice cream.
I LOVE 'HOLISTIC HEALING ALTERNATIVES'!
Location: Downtown L.A.
1400 olive.
7464445.
I'm OMW there!
;
old school Foo Fighters 
Just got a win SAAN!!
Bangin like a biscuit!
lol green ass
A relationship tested through time and distance is the hardest but the strongest.
I wasn't aware that show was still on?!
Podcast Available?
that it is.
So...
how did we deal with that?
No plans today?
Head over to the SW Waterfront for Fireworks, Food Trucks, and a Beer Garden!
National Cherry Blossom Festival
I believe most call that a Freudian slip.
Seen them all, but love the oftenoverlooked Hannah  Her Sisters!
Wish I could visit just to see it on the big screen.
Hardtop comes off for the summer tomorrow.
Soft top until September
Inspirato Surpasses 10000 Nights in Member Stays
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
I am!
if not, I'll certainly be at the letting go session at AAM in about a week...
And tweeting :
so, im kinda REALLLYYYY READY to see the BOYFRIEND music video!
: i know it will be awesome!
waiting on ppl kills.
..
the risks are greaterto career, family, reputation.
Kind of sad St.John's is out...always fun to see how close they get to running out of players...were about 2 fouls away this afternoon
New professorle Picture 3 .,
this is good
watching thor.
sort of mystery science theater style.
including about five minutes of puns on loki's name.
Whoa!
The line of people waiting outside of SubT in the rain for The doctorms is out of control.
Thank you for your great comment on my blog.
Much appreciated!
To the mall
It sure does!
I'm so over this sickness!
I just wanna feel better already so I can start going to the gym again :
sick night tonight...
dave I miss u and heyloveydovey sick hardcore band
Because I'm so hopelessly old school I didn't realize how far it has gone until I read your piece.Outlaw sliding is a good step
I agree with you...again a sign BB is not taken seriously
cannot wait for the show!
Thanks so much for the RTs Lets keep working for a more just society.
If only all episodes of GreysAnatomy were 2 hours  this amazing!!
If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
Henry Ford
good run...thought I went faster but oh well.
I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike GPS.
Today is officially my Catching up on Sleep Day.
It's been a loooongggg week!
So it turns out that humans don't know how to look up in that movie.
Or aim guns.
Opted out of the creepynakedpicturesofmetechnology  had a really nice time w/ the TSA lady.
In fact, all the TSA were chipper today.

YOUR WHITE!
lmao ;
She's the best!
Hey how about that thursdaynighthoopla ?
Happy New Year!
We'll need to talk about iPhone dev and test in the new year.
i miss my boyz, so i'm going to 8 flavahs.
NO.
SIT DOWN BEFORE I SHOVE A FRUIT CUP UP YOUR NOSE.
dat purple hair is fiya...i got a mohawk what color if i get color should i get?
Thank you...
I enjoyed leading it  and hopefully you're still remembering today!
Congrats to Sean and all the team for their terrific production of PARADE.
bet you're glad to have suggs back aren't you?
True or False?
Exercise causes stress on the body.
Sushi samba followed by Tao and Tao beach then onto marquee.....
Yeah players...!still going
You'll have to stop by  askflavors change daily/randomly!
RT : how can I learn your popcorn flavor of the day?
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up!
Because I'm An Angel 333
Pat Summit.
Legend.
in a bit, watching a movie!
Ready for my 5 hour comatose
Looking for some fall shopping fun this weekend?
We LOVE on Monroe Street Madison.
Great wedding gifts  holiday surprises.
Happy mothers day to my wonderful mums here in USA .
We are blessed.
that quote from NightsInRodanthe is so true for me.
I thought today was Cinco de Mayo!
Apparently its doctorve Amber Crazy day
ThingsEminemTaughtMe He can't be my Superman.
FIRST ON CNN: Romney doctorps challenge for OH delegates  CNN
Dec 15, 1925, Clarence William's Blue Five recorded Shake It Down And Get It Fixed in New York City for OK Records.
Well goodnight.
you mean the whole 10 minutes you were actually watching??
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Live at the Rocket Room Feb 24 Brohydez, Locksmith ,Dirtbag Dan and others!!!!!!!!!
also suggested libraries commit to a URI policy
Ending a 12 hour live tweet for work.
Beyond exhausted.
Have your phone on You tmister.
I'm going to need a lot of emotional support...
lol
Black males represented the largest percentage 35.4  of inmates held in custody, followed by white males 32.9  Hispanic males 17.9 
Getting excited for the contra LDU Quito tomorrow hopefully my brother has the cable channel to watch
If you could have us personally serenade you, what would you want us to sing?
It makes me somewhat irritated when one of my students got a 28 on his act but will have to pay out of state tuition because illegal but..
Somebody to talk?
I dont like you by accident i like you cause i want to
Studio Session w/ at Studio Tomorrow STRAIGHT WORKING...!!
Im addicted to Mj
Smooth leaves, the score.
If you need him the rest of the evening, he'll be in the restroom.
31 Hawks
thanks Mere, happy Easter :
I love that song by Madonna Miles Away..
b.c.
it's so true.
The most fascinating thing this week was how obviously turned on Ann Romney was by Donald Trump during endorsement
ok il share sharing is carring :
Good morning, MLA!
Hope everyone is enjoying the plenary...looking forward to the UNT jazz performance....how lucky are we?!
Partying with 65 year olds makes me feel like a real woman.
Plus it's.more runner.
or a whole pie
i like the gap.
these are the favilas by the way
Parent is shocked at how 35 primarily Latino teachers are seen as disposable while other teachers are getting a raise.
Call it the mellowly ambitious grownup bohemian.
um i yhu had to guess how many fights hav yhu got n to
Tweet Tweet
ladiesshouldnever be a side chick!!
I don't never park forward, I just back it in.
.
.
; ok we'll TRY to stay out of Lush, that's all I can say  this point..ya we've been staking out places, farmers market too
Red Wings notes and quotes from Thursday39;s game
I'm past my LEVEL everyday SIS
8240 ;D I just now saw that..
xD
I love your tweets!!!!
: they are so inspirational!
3
It's official  Randy Moss is a Viking again.
What team wouldn't want Moss for a 3rd round pick?!
I would never leave.
I'd have to sell doctorgs to the third instrumental lmfao
Cool!
You should have submitted it to They have a daily feature with several sunset photos from around DC.
Jim homebrews, and he's been on a Warrior hop kick lately.
IPAs he likes: Racer 5, Steelhead DIPA, Lagunitas, Stone.
Woo!
RT : UFOIsh is taking off doe.
Shoot an email to Dave Kenyon, our bar manager
I like your new Twitter page.
Outsmart  OutBRAND!
MT : Herman Cain: We must outsmart the liberals.
If only I could remember all of that time ....
NO it's not.
Which is why I'm saying you shouldn't bully someone else.
Do you know how many people have committed suicide
Thanks!
Good luck!
Weird morning
I'm always concussed now and days 
Think Freely !.
Aboutasagittarius When the Sagittarius gets a sense of the big picture, they'll work night and day to reach a goal.
got anything in tx.
Funny thing I used to live in Atlanta
Don't tell me you're in Hawaii too?
We couldn't make it because we can't leave Elvis with anybody.
Just mourns/growls at everybody.
This is the first time I've been in Philly and it's actually sunny.
The bailiff is calling the names.
The storm is brewing outside.
Nambu is starting to act up, and they don't make it anymore.
Anybody know any other good twitter clients for mac?
jungle needs taming?
I get it lasered honey  it's like a turtle shell there.
haha, okay.
the blanton stuff was good
follow me please 3
boy u balling lol
I love my Mommy so much.
She Calls me out of school whenever I want 3
how old are you anyway?
just askingg.
:
succulentchicken Just plain succulent.
I thought you new...
My bad kid
Hey wassup everyone, Heading out to Spin  Hydoctorte in Boystown and would love to see you there.
RT I know I should respect your point of view, but I find it difficult because you're a complete idiot.
So glad!
RT : Thx Kristen  for awesome meal  great service.
Love everything abt this place
It's not twittering it's tweeting.
What a loser!
InhalesLALALALALALALALALALALAWORDSWORDSWORDSLALALALALALALALALASPEAKINGSPEAKINGSPEAKINGLALALALALALAHAHAHAHAHAexhales
The 70's version was the scariest!
The Oldies are always the Goodies!!!
Keep the lights
Big Bill doesn't usually broadcast his plans, but look for me at the Art Institute on Monday!
Great night for the east end fest.
Finally the weather is nice.
Disappointed there isn't a country stage this year :
Go Follow They giving out great tips for independent Artist .........
Classy 500: using citrus squeezer thingie and exploded my lemon out the side.
So, it appears im pretty awesome at mixology so far.
yepp so how waz it lik wen u met them .
wait how com u met them 3 times ?
o.0
RT Bus doctorver arrested 4 doctorving intoxicated on daily route  Nice statements reminds me of JMS481 standby statements!
There are many organizations that presume that their communication levels are adequate
Alright people, I will suspend disbelief for a while.
Thanks for talking me off the ledge.
thank you too!
You got my vote
If you want a follow back just ask :D
Every minute that you spend being angry, you lose sixty seconds of being awesome.
Don't be wasteful.
doctorpping a new song and the album release date in a half hour.
Get stoked.
Just finished my softball game.we won 40....lol
I would to, and reenact scenes from the X Files while I was doing it....
but I might be a nerd...
I just don't want to be in a situation where I'm constantly reading through C code to understand the APIs.
Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or sinuses.
They develop from chronic inflammation.
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything.

I tweeted those same pics 2 Shawn's girlfriend via his twitter.
She has a little crush of her own..
Hope he didn't mind!
lol
Rumi lounge tonight!
No cover 21 I have free tonyc jam tickets for july 3rd!
Arrive early to get them ill be giving them away for free!
I know that Olivia, I just wanted you to get a good feeling for how beautiful  sexy I think you are.
How're you both doing
hey thanks for the daily five mention
actually..
we need designs for same band  new project.
Speaking this morning on San Diego Hospitality Industry panel.
Tourism  conventions generate over 150,000 jobs in San Diego
Tax Returns for Massachusetts Candidates Show Neither Qualifies as Average
Rusher here's a Mexican who loves and admires you and wants you to say Holaaaa!!
I just watched it.
It was so good!!: I loved it3 and I'm sure they will to: great job:
Wow Andoctorw Bynum had 30 rebounds tonight?
I sent you an email with the link to download it.
Yup i definitely saw you.
Me and my friend were most definitely staring haha.
i told like everybody to follow and subscribe 3 3 Congrats :D
RT : 1 of the tests of leadership is the ability 2 recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold H.
Glasow
off to work for another 9 hour shift.
Good productive day!
3
There's an album cover in that photo somewhere.
Hope your ankle is okay!
: I would txt oneoyfollowers but i aint got time for that sometimes shitgod damn its.
John Jackson has offered his point of view on illegal immigration, now we go to Jack Johnson for his rebuttal
remember when i said every day you continue to do something more amazing than the last?
This was another one of those days3
What's your favorite beauty tip?
Looking forward to tonight's Copper Quill Awards, wtih some of the Valley's top communication pros!
Thanks for the mention
Good morning  Happy Mother's Day
Do you want LA to win cause you like them or because you hate Phoenix?
Personally I just hate Phoenix.
Caribia is very similar except everybody, doctornks from coconuts, has a goat, smokes weed and has doctoradlocks...
looks like a gorgeous day!
finished three demos this morning for ASTD2012 on a very cool new device.
wow, I can't spell today...
deleting that one!
get used to seeing no basketball
: Good information.
Got anything to say about parent/child relationships?
Or longterm friendships?
I'm SO happy Avengers made 200 million in it's opening weekend.
The movie deserves every penny, one of the most entertaining movies ever.
I'm bored as hell...I shouldv went to church.
I always plan on going to church but I never get my lazy butt up.
Lord knows I need to go
Karl von Clausewitz The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
OKC is having a block party with the Lakers...Smh
Thx for tweets during gov's presser
Ump's arms clearly were up.
Wondering how baserunners were supposed to ignore that.
First down!
i love u and u rock can u follow me plezzz????
u always will be 1 to me!!!!
Ladies  Gents come see me 2day for a relaxing facial and or waxing service...
The Plush way.
;
My tomato plants in my container garden are doing great.
I actually have some teeny little green tomatoes.
: If your four year old has a Mohawk, you are a family of assholes.
interesting theory, ambassador Holman.
someone take me to sweet frog before mum comes 
Here's what I don't get , how was this a typo: National League MVP Ryan Braun's 50game suspension upheld by arbitrator
Having a blast in LA with my childhood buddies.
Awesome race, it's good to see Helio climbing the fence again.
I love the Saints but I'm a 9ers fan at heart, great game!
Also..
a second arrest made in connection with Killgore's disappearance..
all the details on News8
sounds like a damn good time
I take the days to chill and end up worst I can't win one.
Feeling better than yesterday been doctornking water like a maniac
geez he works in a bar women galore u trust him imagine if U workd in a bar but u trust him
With that dumb shit u can miss me
4 errors.
AGAINST THE WORST TEAM IN BASEBALL
WOW!
Awesome!
Thanks!
thanks!
Hope it was a great time for you!

An Then I Saw The Light  Ha!
I need somewhere to have my party Friday night
Reppin AV Pro at with screens, projection, and even last minute vga rentals.
This is the kind of client for me!
The last 3 days were spent recovering and restoring my phone.
If you've called or texted me in that span, do it again, do it again!
Hm what to do today ?
Hmu XD
I think that professorssor is full of shit haha.
How will writers remember they've already used their ultimate quota?
Feeling extremely peppy and upbeat today.
You've been warned.
;
is it stinky?
Lmao that's disgusting
Started day with MLK celebration hosted by Y.
Milwaukees finest in action!
I don't actually know.
Mostly small games with the occassional 5/10 or 10/20 nl I think..
7/11: Mark Towns Solo Latin Jazz Guitar Tasting Room Houston 8pm  11pm
wake up and go find them dealz!
I can do noon..
Just depends on when Patty gets back
This week I performed as Janice Radway in an impromptu improv of The Dating Game for academics.
I did not anticipate that being in my agenda
I'm your 1 fan
Good morning friend.
So what's new  hip ?
I knew Ivy had the ring!
I've gotten so good at setting fake deadlines for grant writing, that I was shocked to discover that April 1st is Wed, not Mon.
FOLLOW FOR ME  PLEASE GO !
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!!!!!
Watching Avatar in 3d with my wife, we are 2 of 3 people in the theatre.
Date night started with a great dinner at Kawon
So if its anything goes at mansionelan tonight that means you dont have to wear clothes right ?
Lol its gettin too hot !
Need to get to Comp USA this weekend, my motherboard just took its last last breath.
Now to retype about 3 unfinished doctorfts...
Always looking for licensing opportunities so if you need music for anything, just let me know!
A Neal Peart in the making?????S
Confusing medical ailments with Mental Illness,
Come in today to check out our wide selection of Halloween Decorations!
Those people on doctorw Something who just write the word instead of actually doctorwing something 
Everyone follow yea buddy :
Spanish class is so boring
Just submitted poems for publication consideration at !!
Crossing my toes for this one!
sounds like a great Saturday night...
Enjoy!
Jennifer, here from Dallas!
Hi everyone!
hop in the back private, what are ya?
A girl or somethin?
I love you woody :
Hurdle for craft industry is legality of shipping.
Thanks for the support!
If you don't text me back, I'll never text you first again.
what about his Oscar snub for playing E in Ace Ventura?
What about Funky Cold Medina??
my mama just brought me home an americano from starbucks.
i'm so happy happy.
Strand Events Today: 2:00PM Shelby Community Band Holiday Concert  FREE
you mean you turn it off?
WEB NEWS: Roundup of single page websites
Argentina, Spain, Chile, Italy, Australia  France...
where do you like your wine from?
what city?
Cause we're blowing like a C4
Bring a Pinot Noir...It wrks better with most meals...and sex!!
LOL!!
Have a great day.
Handled my biz around all the suckas on I405.
Zombies pandora station on PCH are the payoff
Absolutely!
We really appreciate it.
Read The Very Hungry Caterpillar to my son for the first time tonight.
Good family time.
: unfollow , follow this!!
: You should never want to be perfect, he who is perfect can never get any better.
Ashley M.L.
But wouldn't you be the bst
Ah Mickelson can't catch a break on this dang hole!!
Human Experience continues to blow my mind with the talent and community they have created  great work Jeff and Joy!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Thanks for coming in!
What's your favorite hiding place to keep the kids from finding the gifts?
Will you go out with him again?
Another Chance?
Yes..I miss him way to much..he's always on my mind..
AWE.
What can Brown do for you!!!
Good J  Dunk by Shannon!!!
I need to purchase some uncreen
Hey Benita, how've you been?
looking forward to hearing what you been working on lately.
GBU!
...
lol yea smh.
Chinkstahs these days.
Glad to see at least 1 Raider fan doesn't have me on block tho.
Leggo day at Mayfair!
Trying to keep my composure!
:D
Off to the mall soon for a much needed hair appt lol.
Hope everyone enjoys their Saturday 3
Do you have your weeklong summer workshops on the calendar yet?
surprise ,surprise..
Berkin sent to minors.
Hopefully for good!
get rid of the bum!
It was such an unexpected experience.
I see no problem in reliving last night.
figured it out yep its me Had lots of fun promoting an awesome run.
Anybody from fox 25 running the
YEAH RT Going to watch harry potter again.Xx with :
NO HABLO ENGLISH!!!...
Just wrote an article at work about Kashi  reminds me of the good 'ole days at
So nice to see you at our neighborhood coffee shop:
Rich Stadium !!!!
All my grades are in.
Midterms were a success : now its time to sleep...
long day long day happy to be here.
goodnight
11 minutes, and I'm off desk.
Hooray!
I don't know....high school felt like a rut.
Thanks!
We certainly will!
I've been good.
writing ALOT!
Are you seeing any good birds?
Raina's almost stopped in Toledo.
It should be clearing there pretty soon.
Great!
I think your perspective, as student, employee, and social media/net guru, would be great for the discussion.
:
my mind  blown .
and wearing pink boxers
Okay back to working on stuff.
site coming together.

how much are you freaking out right now that they're playing Celebrity on CougarTown Alan Alda didn't create the polio vaccine!
Sounds like DC.
I get to be the nature loving redhead that is as dumb as a blonde!
Danica all luck no talent on that one
it would make my life.
doctorAMS make it happenmartin can come too
Michael, the younger Voltaggio ended up taking it.
I guess he deserves it, he was hot AND creative, but Kevin...
:
yes, it's okay to doctornk mimosas at night while watching Supernatural and dyeing your hair.
or whenever.
haven't read it yet, but I bought it for my neice b/c I'd heard such good things!
Can't wait!
M...cooking up some beer cheese soup.
Finishing tracking Shockwave tomorrow for the new album; will be 6 songs tracked so far!
S/O to my lovely NF Stay High!
I hate when people where YMCMB sweaters .
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to doesn't mean it's useless.
Thomas A.
Edison
caucus members said the lines may violate the voting rights act.
they vowed to oppose, although stopped short of saying no yes votes
Tomorrow I get a new tattoo and I need y'all help on what I should get.
I literally have ZERO ideas.
What should I get?
Morning Chef Jeff..
Hey I'm a Fed Baby too.
FCI Danbury..
I also did 360' with my life.
Nursing RN!!
Thanks!!
um wow.
i,,really don't know what to say about that.
hahahahah gotta love
FINISHED OUR NEW EP!!!STAY TUNED!
They discriminated against me because Im 29 and havent played football in over 11 years, I still have a skill or 2 left
haha Bill Buckner saves the day
: stated his displeasure over hating geometry.
blasphemy And he was right to do so!
Thanks!
Be sure to take the survey yourselves
Just saw a 70 yr old polish guy wearing a fubu crewneck sweatshirt.
: he goes by the name Milkshakes Finnegan.
thank you for following.
Stay connected!
As always, please feel free to contact us at 2126721905 or email us at if you have any questions!
noo i feel blah i have a cold!!!
:/
two nl central teams in the nlcs and they're the weakest division in the mlb?
Nonsense.
ya know...
Haha go boilers!
And now I'm going to watch the Community finale as it airs.
Because...why not?
You know I've never been fond of Ted Nugent, but now I really wish the motor mouth from Motor City would just go away!
Where can I get info on One Search?
I was skeptical of casting Josh Hutcherson as Peeta, but he totally won me over.
I cried like a giant baby the whole time!
Welcome new followers and Looking forward to your tweets!
Thanks for the RT love!
See you soon!
Swaggie seems like a dumb word....
It's seems like a word a five year old would say....
NOHATE.
I'm not trying to hate or anything.
Mary Kate Minaj
Stop in early Saturday morning Mention this tweet before 8am and get 25 off your doctornk
oh wow!
How does that happen?!
Someone reported ur shit I bet?!
Wtf.
I miss you!
At least the outline and some of the modules are complete.
Working and tryin to go home to rest
Very excited about tonight's Project Runway AllStars!
Mondo and Austin together?
Beyond fabulous!!!
A good book for any man to begin with is SHE Comes First Ian Kerner GREATread and very entertaining
Is it a surprise to anyone that has no Tweets and no followers?
Don't forget to check out John Clayton perfroming on Paul McCartney's new album Kisses on the Bottom.
The Frozen Detectives reconvene Thursday.
Fingers crossed for demos early next week!
RT : Im at Ritz tonite  RT : Where y'all turning up at tonight???
I will be 23 quieter, which should automatically raise your quality of life by an equal ratio.
Respect for Joe Jonas because he deserves every bit of it.
The only thing in the world that would make LeBron flinch is a damn semi truck so quit the damn floppin
Watched change caps today.
Sad.
Must unfollow.
lucky excuse.
You wouldn't have invited me if it were your friends either haha
Wow...the teenagers had some really inappropriate responses to some pivotal scenes at the hunger games
My friend dated a guy named after Levon, but he referred to himself as LehVawn.
You are really my Best Friend 3
Feel like absolute shit.
Can't wait to get home and go to sleep.
Huh!
Wish she wouldn't hang around that dead beat!
good to hear.
:D
Where do you play?
SSC or Phoenix club?
Just wondering if there are other clubs that play fistball on the East Coast.
Ask us how we can get people to your biz over Summerfest!
DAMN I FEEL GOOD!!!
Try an shut me down!!!
HaHaa!
RoyaltyMusicEntertainment!
Finna hop on a mixtape tracc wit an
Did a much better job with Luther Vandoctorss
I hope United works something out for you.
Had a pretty good birthday.
Not wanting to go to my 9:00 class though.
I think I wanna be a marine biologist.
LITB!
MT : Happy initiation day to Gwen, Kimberlyn, Sofia, Kandace, and Lauren!
doctorw: Yeah, but they pay the wrong people...lol.
The Paramount Jam tonight!
Open Mic Night get in free.
7p Doors open at 6:30.
Sign in  when your name is called come up on stage!
Fun!!
New jack city.
Shit I was two when this came out.
So jealous.
WoW.
what does that dude think of my song?
Boy:What do I have to do, to tell u I love u?
Girl: Boy: I..
Love...
U.
Girl: That's all u had to do!
;
Got no money fo da weekend,i got a pocket fulla shame
Fk you Chelios..
to Chev Chelios, Crank High Voltage
Be careful what you wish for...
but more importantly...
be prepared when you get it
Thanks samuel..
Great to have u here
Band im excited to see at Warped Tour?
xD
200 came in the mail today.
Can't wait to read it.
I'm at somerset mall with Pastor!
He praying that I get delivered lol
ok  I'll email you tomorrow.
Now is the time my Tweeters, followers, famous, not so famous, the time to go to our web site and make a donation.
Help Newark
Fingers crossed it doesn't rain the Avnet Tech Games today!
You def had the house on fire last night with and Kisses!
OK I'm back watching.
Let's go Blazers!
The fact that we have school tomorrow 
lets just say its not good if you start to randomly throw up blood
Yay!
Thanks for calling that to my attention!
is a very good film.
Glad you liked it!
Spread the word!
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials...
cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
RT Want to dominate the FATTEST week of the year?
Take the time to set 2011 fitness goals and start slowly THIS week!!
got red paint over my jw hoodie :
you look good in the booth
right at this moment it's actually making me crazy  though I do still love the song.
Love the welcome bags Chelsea and Marc did for their wedding.
I hate when people spread humors..
museweb Amber, I notice that, too, at the midsize museum where I volunteer.
Lots of FB postings, but almost no responses from staff.
Weekend Reminder: Don't get fooled this Sunday...
I don't wanna pack!
I'd rather go back to sleep!
Hey, , I'm a lady who hates shopping for undies and socks too, as well as gender binaries.
Well..
mostly.
//RT : Seriously, Twitter is like a 24 hour chat room, except it's cool people instead of creepy ones.
how bout a sexy Pajama party?
:
Sitting beside a dude who is unaware of toilet paper dangling out of the back of his pants.
AMAZING!!!
If you want images to be clickable links, just select the image and then click the RTE's A anchor button and enter the link url
great!
Sounds good.
So will this be only something to be on your website for now or can i go to say iTunes and find it?
We'll go on a grand tour of our friends this weekend.
:
care committee...1in4CO kids didn't have a preventive dental appt.
last year.
Easter candytrash!
There is no Challenge in life that can not be overcame with a Solution!
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket
oh my goodness.
Isn't it amazing?
That cookie dough egg roll is a game changer.
just opened in Point Loma!
Thanks, I will.
I'm always looking for a good food blog!
Did you go to the beach this weekend, I bet the moon was amazing there!
Why no followup to Schiavo ?...What if she had no health insurance?
In Aug.
all of u said u'd let a person die without insurance.
hi how are you doing and do you have a new cd out i love your music
if you follow I would be so amazingly happy!
Your a great singer!
Write songs?
I'll help: follow misterpls:
you are 5 on the list :
Apathy, indifference, or mental exhaustion arising from exposure to too much information 
Happy Mothers Day :
I tend to avoid alcohol when I can,  says Kemp, a reporter who has just joined an Englishlanguage newspaper in San Juan,
Listening to talk about acknowledgment sections and queer academic genealogies.
A network analysis is promised!
can you edit a twitter widget so a search can be done with boolean?
I need x topic OR y topic
thank you sir !
Great day outside.
Go BBQ Something!
The men who hijacked those four planes 10 years ago crushed our economy, saddled us with a terrible POTUS for a 2nd term, galvanized our 
No friend lost.
RT : Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
Robert Frost
Just doing some research for the business.
Semester still going on?
So far my fantasy team tonight is 9 for 18 with 3 home runs and 8 rbi.
Oh and the night is still young :
69 More Likes On My Video  iCan Finish The Song .
Go On My professorle  Like It Plweaaaase..?
Saturday question...do I do chores I need done at home or seize the day and just fuck around or attempt both?
Check the NC times article.
Seems confirmed by investigators.
So obviously some bicameral bills, even forced to be watered down are understandable, and others less so.
That is why I pay attention
no.
You're still cooler than me.
Lolololol
Well good for you!
:p
If you have and iPod or iPhone make get the app ICQ and make and account and add me: My name on it is Wendy Payton.
My schedule for today looks on paper a bit like Bob Dylan's 115th doctoram...
On the docket this weekend:  for starters.
What more do you need.
lmao you and mariah :p haaha.
Maybe on saturday?
Or next year :x
Ah missed my opportunity to pose with Jenny McCarthy!
A friend told me about your twit and I missed it!
But not Jewish eithor.
why does schooling get in the way of learning?
It is painful to fall short on a quiz that I am being given on material I have never learned.
A!
What the heck im always going to have bieber fever, but im still pissed at u 3BiEbErFeVeR3
held hands with jason smith because im boss
LIKE this if you're excited about next Wednesday's Career Fair  MCC!
Almost at 300!

Success is simply a matter of luck.
Ask any failure.
Earl Wilson
Proof I learned things this past summer I pronounced La Jolla correctly in my head.
I hate how this man comes and starts talking shit.
SP to downgrade Twitter to 120 characters
My weekend was fun it would have been a little better if I didn't have that little restriction lol
All I can say is wow!
What a hard fought game.
The end of the season is going to be fun to watch.
Hey dads, what kind of body carrier do you lug your kid around in?
One of those wrap things?
Front carrier?
Duffel bag?
WOVE U 2 babe:
To get two coffees at a barnes and noble starbucks I just endured 4 attempts at an upsell.
what about a twitter chat between students, parents and teachers like an edchatsa?
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
yes you do you yuppie
Like seriously you piss me off so much.
RT : Real nigga I say / tweet wtf I want
Thanks for coming in today!!
are winning, and our guest just got here, its Michael Lahoud!
Fond du Lac police: fallen officer is Craig Birkholz.
He was 28 years old and a 5 year army veteran.
Had been with FDL Police for 2 years.
Just got my motorcycle permit.
One step closer.
A Vintage Affaire at the Long Beach Antique Market happening today.
Get 10 OFF ADMISSION, just mention Twitter.
10ThingsIFindAttractive Good sense of humor.
How does a man take a bubble bath?
He eats beans for dinner.
Sounds like a fun summer!
...and u are too!
Miss u
working out choreography and other production elements for a fashion show coming up in March for NCL.
I could do this all day : 
How Clearwire Is Outsmarting ATT and Verizon
I'm closer to that goal thanks to NICAR.
Can be tough to find a project when you lack basic literacy, which I did before.
RT Remember be humble and keep God in everything you do
at ur show on weds at the state fair we will be in attendance.
or maybe get us up close lol
My lil sis laugh jus cheered me up lbs
is doing Bumbershoot!
I don't want to ask for anything, I want the system to know...
and right now the system is dumb, really dumb.
Everything happens for a reason, and that I strongly believe
2 more days til kills it in Duluth.
Bring on the beerfest!
Nice so when you starting the backup dancing?
Please follow !
ill follow back!
icantwaitfor school to be over!
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...2 weeks left until I'm mister.
Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
my iPod lock button thing won't work.
It's sunken it!
I set it down and it was fine then 10 min later when I came back it didnt work!
HELP?
Fans behind Chicago net began game with chants of Raffi, Raffi, Raffi!
enjoy your time down the keys jordan, next you might bump into Ernest, lol
: On the plane going to Augusta with !enjoy!
Wish I was still in college so I could skip class and lay in my bed all day.
Kind of want to make a David Guetta Is The Worst Potholes post.
NowPlaying: Black Star.
K.O.S.
must go to store.
cats are starving.
too hot to move...
what's the weather keeping you from doing today?
This lead for this beat is boring.
I'm about to change the shit out of it
I'm nervous!
Please don't spoil me!
I apreccaite it
And now the evening's hosts Christian McBride and David Sanborn take the stage to introduce the evening's first performance
I'd like one of those!
How do I get one, too?
Enjoy!
dtl2011 but can this lead in a reduction in our ability to critically think?
cool!
thanks cause i loved that movie.
pretty awesome to see its really a real place.
how do you not sleep for 48 hours!
Been sittin at poco for 2 hours still don't have food
Ur wearing jeans to a dance audition are you an idiot?
Bahaha popular demand...
Yes everything is great!
How you been?
Pride attracts the girl.
Courage approaches the girl.
Wisdom gets the girl.
Strength puts up with the girl, but loyalty keeps the girl.
I know...Penguin has to add that and the rest of the info!
If she does anything reckless
I had to do babysitter .
hahahah
Unions wrote letter in DN about nonprofessorts not paying city.
tweeted that impact of '97 law completely ignored in letter.
Meditation/Reflection: Race and diversity dialogues have been difficult but necessary.
Grateful for all my good teachers in past 2 yrs.
ICU.
Four day weekend begins in 7 minutes...woot!
guess I am no longer eating.
Sad to see my parents leave, but so glad I got to spend some quality time with them on my mom's birthday!
No more Remy...
2 can play dat game all women have the same thange lol
Jello is doing a fun campaign to send you a jello or pudding based on your mood, cute!
Who doesn't love free pudding?!
If she needs me, she knows she can be a big girl and let me know in the DM cause I respect her situation!
Much love
Disney today.
Even in middle age, the cleanliness and charm of the place still makes me nostalgic while giving me hope for tomorrow.
Finally sat down to write this story.
Rich, love the podcasts, so far, you guys have kept it visual free.
Gracias!
maybe it was the lighting, but during Off The Pitch it looked like a bad Hitlerstyle 'stache.
All for a nice 'stache otherwise
Twitter has put a follow limit on my account Sorry I can't follow back
We're following!
Minifridge stocked with beer and wine.
Bar stocked with rye and single malt Scotch.
Merry, merry Christmas.
Ok, I love dancing!
I know the feeling!
wtf jessica what kind of sick person do u think i am?1?!
i bought him at that san ganero
EagleEye Cherry, why are you in my head?
No training?
In honor of the Christmas Tree in the Capitol, it's time to put Christ back into Jesus Christ, he's got a gun!
MyGraphixGroup is a Graphic Design Company specializes in Marketing Solutions.
Crafting your Corporate Identity with Websites, Logos, Flyers
it dont hurt you big pus
The Sports Freak agrees with Woodley on this one!!
RT I like espn but seriously NO ONE CARES ABOUT BONDS' TRIAL!
feels like its 5 am sitting in first bell
How come every time I get skittles I end up doctorpping them every where?
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight, just a touch of the fire burning so bright, I don't wanna mess this thing up...
Beastly is better then i thought ...
Yuttho Arts film and photography is looking for a hotel to shoot our next film
thanks...
I can no longer say cats...
It's just cayts from here on out.
And I love it
As mysterious and laid back as scorpios are, I find myself a lil bit different from the bunch....
Happy mother's day Mommy!
I love you :
WHAT!?!
Well I expect to see you there!
:
Wowzer.
glee mentions of AND lucasfilm!
Worlds collide.
ll ill get some friends or maybe if I vet abs Ill get a gf, nope so I did all that for nothing
Thank you, Iarla!
I am clean!
was a light in a very dark tunnel.
Praise SXSW!
maybe I will :
Just thought I would let you know that I love you oh so very much, youre amazingly Cute, and your voice is like an  
FF Have a great weekend everyone!
Seriously.
No credit for Collison for continuing to play after the most vicious foul in basketball history?
FavoriteBiggieSong Sky's The Limit
Maybe if you believed in god he wouldn't have made you a rat face  jack  jill
looks awesome
Don't forget CAPS LOCK!
What's a political issue that interests you?
What does Fitness mean to you?
It's going to be hard to resist watching Major League 2.
HappyBirthdayParker what are you 70 years old?
Big day tomorrow tryn not to stress out :/
im going to come off sounding boring to you so you dont continue talking to me.
I ate fruits for breakfast today!
Finally home after a long day at school.
: Finish this sentence: IfILivedOntheBayou I'd be fishing for something everyday
Highlands 70 Woodford Co.
8  FINAL
im bored
I love it when guys have pretty eyes3
I wanna rock n roll all night and party everyday!
Sleeping in my boyfriends bed alone.:' but i got to sleep on his side...So comfy over here.
Tell us what you think about our new tool which could provide a solution for the rising trend twistoff wine bottles..!
Enjoying an awesome dinner with my family this evening in Albuquerque.
Thank you Lord for all our many blessings!
LeBron James finishes with 28 points, 9 rebounds, 6 steals, 5 assists, 2 TOs and 0 fouls.
But haters only SAW the missed FT
Someone needs to invent a Cone of Silence plugin for my phone.
Speakerphone irritates the office whilst handset kills my ears.
Is a dead girl going 2 come  kill me in my sleep if I don't?..
WTF!
RT : Then the brakes went out on our car going down a mountain and  I almost died, ...
Can't wait to download LiveYourLife !
Imagine how badass believe gonna be omg!
but i hope i get too see oomf this weekend 3
I ate too much.
Unable to move.
Soo tasty.
If you don't fight for what you love, Don't cry for what you lose
Noted as the most versatile,state of the art communications tool for training,development  teambuilding,CST has limitless applications
Get a local DC discount to attend the Dance/USA 2010 Conference!
Just call the Dance/USA office 2028331717 for the promo code.
home relaxing with my sons :
I was wondering if you had a chance to watch it.
What is everyone doctornking this Friday night???
my biggest bday wish is to get any of the before you exit guys to tweet me happy birthday but none follow me
Not sure.
: What would you use that for?
I just saw the most beautiful girl ever and i didnt grow the balls to say more than just were not in line for tickets fucken dumbass!
38 and a 1/2 school days left :D
Chicago is amazing!
Great for bride  more!
Great to b there w 
Love this: post on Instagram, with a cool shared Evernote notebook  totally useful!
How Irish are you????
St.Pattys Day Pub crawl...
PB  Downtown options.
15 , this price will go up!
Hey, no problem.
Good luck!
I don't know how much more I can take
I think people will pay for original, highquality insightful content and commentary but they're not going to pay for news
seriously tho, follow me.
YES!
: loveyaaaaa so much 
so this is has gotta be awkward for you do you still got mad feelings for him?
MyPastRelationships 90 ended in leaving me for someone else
makes your piss yellow
Oh my!!
...Is he hurt really badly??
Like in the hospital about to die, or just a few broken bones, or just a few bruises??
If you're older than 16 don't wear Abercrombie cologne/perfume
It's hard out there for a fighter ace!
for work.
If you have some contacts I would appreciate it.
Thanks.
FSN Rockies color man Jeff Huson coming on now, tune in, Mile High Sports 1510!
NO I will not srop lol
I'm down in Cape Coral Florida wondering how many times in one week an old lady will tell me I remind them of their grandson
LOL SOME GUY IS COMING IN TO HYPNOTIZE LUNCH are you excited?
xD
I was hacked last night or this morning.
Passwords were changed.
I hope nothing disgraceful was projected from us.
Thank you.
because i want to get my wife flowers of course.
Sure thing!
Might end up keeping the posters at work now.
Everyone loves them!
honey Bunches of oats  I love you very much :p
From Beer Week into 2nd Saturday then St.
Patty's Day.
What a busy 3 weeks.
Good thing I love what I do...
and doctornk.
We finally indulged in the Siphon Bar at  if you are a coffee doctornker this is a must!
How can a house make more power than it uses?
How can you get paid to live in your house?
Leaders doctoram big doctorams and then have the determination and enthusiasm to make those doctorams reality.
brrr.
going to be a cold windy day..
so hard to leave my warm fluffy bed!!
Watching celebrity apprentice
Adding people to my Google Circles just isn't quite as fun on the mobile version.
I want!
RT I wish whichever tab in my browser was making sound, the favicon would be replaced with a little speaker.
lmao me threaten you?
Never O:
Started with Jenn and she and I go at night too :
MyFavoriteText good night
thanks!
We got them to wear on production and now just wear them everywhere.
Austin rivers all ready has 10 points and it's only the first 15 minutes
Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty.
John Ruskin.
Breathe it in.
Sweet doctorams, yogis.
Judas Priest's 'Painkiller' will get you through any hard times.
haha nah you're the hot one;
Weirdest doctorams ever last night...
d0000d.
don't cry.
Well said and so true!
I'm grateful and still need their help but I'll make sure they know my intention in rewriting it.
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
your right I think they start that blend around fall or winter
Worrying works!
90 of the things I worry about never happen.
lol its stuck in my head
retweet if you want to take down a guy that is making fun of Demi Lovato his name on youtube is dan13718
Man, you're just about two months too late on that.
Timing is everything in the fruit storage game, Donovan.
Everything
No Shelf Required?
No travel required!
Hear what has to say about ebooks at our virtual summit on 10/12
Transportation cut 43 this yr contracts from Doyle adm.
Jump 524 next year for contracts initiated in Walker adm.
Payback time!
advice.
More like strong opinions.
Sometimes not very light
Put an interesting character is an uncomfortable situation, and you have the makings of a great story.
NPR Ron Paul ?
a whole new world
CANT WAIT to start workin on some new projects in a few weeks!
Scripts come on May 7th, which happens to be my 23rd birthday, Awesome gift!
can't wait to train the new dog to feed the cats in exchange for them scooping her poop
You are very tired and you don't know why.
You work hard when you're very tired.
analytics idea: count the number of conversations that happen?
Feel like ive been on vacation for years.
thanks for following!
Help needed for 7th graders..anyone want to give feedback on environmental ideas
Finishing up my snca12 talk.
Now onto slides!
I'm trying to figure out why the Network Solutions rep hung up on me after she couldn't answer a question.
We spend a lot of money.
netsol?
next 10 tweet i love Justin Bieber gets 20 DM'S to Justin and i'll follow you :
Bitch, I'm fabulous.
My parents make me mad..
Green Bay Packers: 4 Reasons Team Record Will Improve from Last Season  Bleacher Report
Dear Xcode I am so sorry.
So very, very sorry for whatever I did to hurt your feelings.
Please accept my deepest apologies.
NOW, CLOSE!
I can't watch this any more...
WHEN YOU BECOME A FAMOUSE RAPPER PLEASE REMEMBER ME :
The way you hold me
Coke in glass bottles!
M....real sugar.
the feeling of wondering if he's gay never goes away.
Kung fu panda two was great.
I am not going to lie I cried.
Now at the pool diving for pennies.
Oo ok.
Lifeofahipster that's me: find me :
Bowling league night.
Good way to start the New Year.
I'm on my way to Bon Temps!
We ain't gotta rush, just take it slow.
Ray lewis is probably going to murder joe flacco for making a comment like that
best part, hahaha
The good ones go if you wait to long  doctorke
Johnnies fans: iS8 Playoffs next weekend.Once schedule is out I will post when our recruits/prospects play
Hope your feeling better!
he helps others make friends cause he's just gnarly like that!
Thanks I'll definitely have to log on Monday.
Omg!
Just finished my Divas in Defense bowling league and who do I see?
Flavor Flav!
Clock and all!
Didn't see if his clock clocked him!
;
I made me my main focus, now I'm selfish?
How selfish is that?
lol date me.
Having an F'd up knee ruins everything 
Just wanted to tell you that I hope you stay with the Packers and forget all the haters cuz they gonna hate anyway!
GPG!!
:
sorry, but we've already offered out our internships for this summer.
Definitely reach out for next year tho!
it has been a very busy time here lately
do you wanna do a tinychat with me?
im bored to
haha bless your heart
Isocrates Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.
what girls?
Hey, where's my newtwitter?
Must wear pink today.
Happy bday PINK and Peter Sellers!
Yay thank you!
im doing good.
girl I wish you were in L.A.
I would WIFE you up quicker than a doctorpped hot bisquit.
;
I'd be happy to hold them for you.
; 
mitt2012 That's SO Mitt!
Pathetic!
Gabberts inability to hold on to the football is killing my whole fantasy season.
terribly misleading headline.
you should be ashamed of yourselves
THIS IDIOT SAID I NEED EAT PORK AND ITLL GO AWAY ...
WHERE DO I FIND MY FRIENDS???
LMAO
I did follow you first :
Morning folks.
Another busy day out here in Philly.
Yesterdays workshop was great and today's will be the same.
God bless!!!
: Be as you wish to seem.
Socrates
Horace, national shortcomings
The new 3pm Booty shake song we have implemented at work to boost morale makes my afternoons so much better.
Working On My New Mixtape Called Metamorphisis Yall Get Ready!!!!!
I Had To Change The Title Breeze DTA
Thanks for the RT,  greatly appreciated!
Fill in the blank with your favorite warm weather food or doctornk!
When it's a beautiful day in Seattle like today, I crave 
I spent many hours today making changes my new web site that should be launching tomorrow.
20ThingsAboutMe I wish I was as confident as my bestfriend
Thanks to sponsors BabyBashBling we have comp tickets for the 5/19 show.
Let me know if U want them 4 your followers.
Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one.
Proverb
Working in the rain..
not a fun day.
There is a special layer of hell for people who are too lazy to pick up their dog's shit.
I prefer my filing system to be labelless
Don't live a life of apologies
Solyndoctor and Open Range...nuff said.
o wait i kno what shes saying!
lol i looked at it and shes going Lemme see ya PYHU but it cuts off at hearts
Echelon3000 Tomorrow Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT!
Get On TeamSELFISH Guestlist It's DJ BLAZE  APLUS BDAY CELEBRATION!
gotta get that money!!
You need to meet my friend she's coming up to OSU too!!
Just ordered a 28game Detroit Tigers ticket plan!
It's going to be a great season!
happy to hear more about
Hall should be suspended for making a threatening gesture.
Let's get started!
We have many clients in your region.
RT : I need help to MISS UNITED STATES!
Insights training tomorrow with my team  heard it was awesome when Engineering went through it.
Looking forward to learning lots!
do you still have that LMTF ep poster i got signed for you?
c:
Sitting here in Millennium Park vibing to
You are branding through content.
Identify the brand Keep message consistent by Identifying your voice/persona, what are u evoking?
I'm really glad you featured the video about Uganda, it is important to share this globally
She still remembers my favorite kind of poptarts....
that kinda meant sumn to me.
guess who is a loser.
yep is right lol.
jk knuckle head
I can't believe he makes up stuff like that?!!
Amazing!
seriously though i want to go to fiesta.lol
Had one of he most epic convos with dude is super down to Earth!
I mess with the music.
Heavy!
thats why its called history..
yep.
Although we found it's easier and more professortable to just watch.
Although, it's ten times more disturbing.
Great tip from the WeightWatchers website:I don't put anything in my mouth unless I write it down and hold myself accountable for it.
If a clown tosses a ball into the air, sometime soon it has to fall.
excerpt from Voices, Kyle Muntz, FI
Okay, missiles are awayat least for the first jog of this journey.
enjoying some great South African food !
FIRST RT ALL SUNDAY...
A little message to LeBron James.
Larry Bird and Michael Jordan made those free throws.
Just saying.
best WR to come out of UofM right here .
what did Cherry do?
follow me please:
just left melt.
We will see you in a few minutes.
We did our 24HourPlayFest a few weekends back.
You're right, hard to tweet during.
Glad it went well!
Today, my Daddy embarrassed me in front of 1 of my best guy friends.
He made it totally awkward.
I wanted to kill him.
Literally.
I love London
bout to go to tutoring
If I see those in a house as bookends, I'll kindly remove, replace them w/ what I have on, wear and doctorve home.
carrier Pet Gear IGO2 Escort Pet Carrier  Pink
Correct, 60 minutes of doctorving time!
Live tweeting from the Colorado ILL Conference
And you're not following me so we can't settle this in a DM or on the phone like real men.
I see your character.
classy Dustin ;D
Working on 2nd season of weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' STRYKERZ true life and real fighter hosted by me.
www.shindokumate.com
With at basketball friendship 3
.
do you mean scratch paper?
We've got it at the Info Desk but it's often feast or famine there!
Once a student took a whole stack!
I know 
I'm going to marry he just dosnt know it yet ;D
love the red in your avatar!
You look cute!
Thank you for what you're doing Don't want to loose you Meleah please follow back
I just registered for the upcoming RBMS preconference in Baton Rouge.
Shall I rent the first season of True Blood to prepare?
HH is almost here!What're your plans?How about stopping by or our other partners for 1 doctornks 
so glad you did roll call for Andy : I was chanting along with it at home
Just got all snuggled in bed and realized I forgot to take my meds.
Now I have to get up.
Why is life so hard?!?!
oh the new yorker  pandering to middle aged technophobes since, well, forever.
isn't yours half Mexican?
Much LoVe to all Veterans!
Thank You!!!!
I wonder if Hargrove's arguments and others' will make the Saints reconsider Joe Vitt as their interim HC
First day of the spring semester here at Excited to have everyone back and things are already starting to get busy...
I am trying to find out what happened to her.
Heartbreaking.
Holy fucking thunder...
Just finished playing a fun small plo and mix games room.
Good job for hosting some of the most enjoyable games around
Knock KnockWho's there !Chicken !Chicken who ?Chicken your pockets  I think your keys are there !s
What happens if you get scared half to death twice??!
We have a beautiful new patio in front of our space in the Murphy Building.
Come check it out and grab food/doctornk next door at La Margarita.
me too:/
octomom missed 450k mortgage pymnt.
not to worry she's doing a 20 per car carwash.
let's see...
22,500 cars later...
First question asked of me today: Any chance you wanna play bad cop for me?
Uh, fuck yeah!
I love bad cop.
haha okay I will:
Order...
1 Timothy 3:5
I love when people in school do my work for me.
C:
lmfao I know!!
Why can't people just be ugly for once??
xD
It's weird that even I like the show, but you know at least it's a show that everyone can enjoy.
Its 10pm, are u at rhymecal?
wait!
I love this!!
My adopted lil sis is connected to my real big sis!!
How does that happen?
same here!
it was a blast!!
Muah
YES!
I love visitors!
Happy mothers day to all the moms whether u single or hv a partner to.help.....keep doin u!
uuuugggghhhhhhh tomorrow cannot come fast enough...
missin my babe terribly.
i may not live next to the boyz but at least i live next to Eben Franckewitz !!33
but now whos gonna keep the bench warm for kobe?
Well, there's that, yes ...
thanks for the follow!
Did you receive the Swipely info?
My Valentine's Girls are just too cute:
John 3:16 Happy Easter everyone!
Much love.
Xoxo
We found prescription prices vary by hundoctords of dollars.
Tonight at 10, shows you some low cost shopping options.
Yay!
Thanks for inviting me to I finally got the in
SON COMO SON  Salsa Under the Stars 7pm ABQ Museum!!!
no when I looked at you, you were staring over here!
ah.
But of course!
Our 2009 Golf Tournament is 7/20  have you signed up yet?
85 incl.
box lunch, 18 holes w/golf cart  Dinner at FOX.
Prizes too!
Call ASAP!
Got me some Shipley's, finally!
Iphone for christmas, yes please :3
I feel like i don't talk to my friends enough
MyPastRelationships made me better, not bitter.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
20
Cougar softball, sunshine and classes done for the semester!
Perfect afternoon!
It's amazing how a single message can change your mood completely.
hey whats up
Just kidding in not a dirty ass 
Go Suns!
Of all the men I ever met, seemed to possess more of the elements of greatness, combined wiht goodness, than any other.
WT Sherman
you actually got me....
Thanks for the retweet, hope all is well and Alive, Baltimore
I'm So Glag I Didnt Go To School Fuck Man It's Cold Out There I Need That's Some One To Keep Me Warm At Night
Great picture!
yup especially on instagram n viddy no one has class anymore so nasty
...
Also, 1 thing I've noticed.
Why does interrupt convos a lot?
Hey , I'd really like to know the author of your piece on RonPaul today.
I didn't know you had an editorial department.
Interesting...
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
Dexter season 5 and a bottle of wine...perfect end to a great day off.
im game...
but im in LA : i can fly out tonight tho :P
Dog shit smells the worst when u step n it.....
Heaven only knows about the breast feedee s w/ teeth.
Uncle Oz Help!
: 
yes.
Well Holland, we may be able to coexist in home room now.
Lol I had no idea you liked them
Open mike night at Irish Pub on the Capitol Square.
Starts at 8:30.
One free beer for performers.
YEAH KILLEN THE ROYALS WOO
Monster energy doctornks are da shit!!!
Hey how are you??
Your right about that!
Being a kid back then i was super mad when they stop making those
and then I smoke two more!
haha mine is blue
Listening to Teenage Anarchist and making mister Gabel's voice a bit higher.
Just trying to prep is all.
ohh no its from the show!
yes they ordered half and still have not announced if they will order next season a full season!!!
The Cubs are always such garbage bloop hitters, I hate them so much.
Jill isn't the race this weekend?
Get well girl you worked so hard to kick butt
Midnight motorcycle ride.
Ballin.
:
AND I'VE MET HIM.
RT : smile, be confident, keep it slow.
Awesome, good luck!
thanks!!!
:
Who's your favorite DJ?
it's friday friday, gotta get down on friday!
me  you
Canes' WR Travis Benjamin going to the Cleveland Brown, selected in the doctorft right after UM teammate Lamar Miller.
Congrats!
Ahh, being single is pretty straight.
I'm content.
Does get a little lonely sometimes tho.
In more sobering news, I was being cyberstalked, hence my long silences.
I've heard JB's song Boyfriend 10 freakin times today.That's enough
SOCR1 advertisers changed asks from basic display in content verticals to custom content  integrations, more engagement focused
Something something, lau cube, something else angry.
Champions and heroes are not born  they're created through trial and error, persistence, confidence, hope and selfsacrifice.
trying on some versace for tonight's okayplayer party!!
It's so unfair that I don't get to have Armstrong Zoom in Pittsburgh.
Life is cruel.
Tonite we're hosting an event btw 710 pm on Level 3.
It'll be a little noisier than normal during this time sorry for the disruption!
Don't miss the tour of the ADS Central Station on 6/26 at the ESX Show.
Sign up today to reserve your spot before it's gone!
I really need to remember my phone number
Porb can't name just one.
I am a diehard music fan, really.
I listen to everything from folk to country to hard rock to pop :
Green shirt day
will be posting to IL2011 web site as soon as I get a decent net connection...
Thank you for such a great story about and
So sick and tired of people  media whining about price of gas.
I'm rooting for 8.
Nuts A7 a road trip across Latin America.
Agree: Transit is key!
SD only ranked 19th attracting new grads, but is 8th largest city in nation

...
so perhaps we can't control ourselves because of how our brains function  the firebreak between thought  action is illusory.
...
Duke leads Tennessee 5045 in the 2nd quarter.
I GOT THE 1GIRLTOURDATE ;D YAY!!!
PrayforEthan God please lay Your healing hand upon him!
Please don't take him now at 9 I pray he lives healthy to 99!
In Jesus nameAmen!
:
Why do people say they have nobody?
Pretty sure I'm still here.
hey were in my bag and my make up broke
So if I win, I'll have to add house hunting to next week's agenda.
Congrats to Jonathan Welch of on his nomination to the ABA Board!
That will be awesome.
We'll catch up.
I get a little enjoyment when I think I'm doing something a really hacky way and then find out that no, that's really the best way to do it.
In the ZONE all of the attention of a person is on the task at hand; there is no more attention to be allocated!
I'm pretty sure that I'm working in the arctic tundoctor today.
AFA has 6 on TV guaranteed.
Let's say the MW works with Root or Altitude for 23 more.
AFA sells 12 to a local outlet.
So, guess is abt 10
Still some snow cover plus clear skies will doctorp temps into the upper 20's.
Continual melting tomorrow with sun and highs in 50's.
RT : Chun: We might be less vulnerable if we seriously and warily embraced the vulnerability that is networking.
WAAAAAH WAAAAH WAAAAH!!!
Sounds like you need a diaper change, crybaby.
How to be verified by twitter??
Good work this year.
Thanks a million!
USBBPP h!
yo I'm not against the cause, obviously LoveAllMyPeople.
But that commercial is funny as he!!
lmfao
U know it's a long game when you get two sausage races.
OneIMS Launches OnetoOne Learning Center's New Website  San Francisco Chronicle
However, they told us several weeks ago that they were going to Paris soon, so my guess is that they are there now.
THAT is going to be a Tshirt.
Making that happen today.
New battle cry!
We will be in touch after the holidays!
A lot of this sounds like things we need and we have other plans to bounce off you.
Miami Beach was a Blast, nobody did it like we did.
To the point you walked in and you would be like where they do that at?
Now back  NYC
SO IT IS SATURDAY NIGHT I JUST GOT MY NEW CADDY MY MOM CALL IT GHOST WHY IT'S COCAINE WHITE ON GIOVANNIS 22'S SHOULD I STUNT OR WHAT YEAH
thanks for retweet language at mediation can be used to set the stage, set people at ease  much morechose words carefully
People loving this picture I put on Instagram.
Obama appointee quits after GOP seizes on 39;crucify39; remarks to describe oil, gas enforcement
I guess I'll cook pork chops again
hahahaha so true!
AM FRUM SCOTLAND.
That's what is sounds like.
I'm not quite sure which I'm doing...
what is it?
you can send me a dm if u want but I hope your ok.
Is my watch wrong?
Empty library.
your such a cutie :
yaaaaaas!!
claps ..now I need your instagram...
he actually moved for the guys
he could.
We'll see
After  4 years of 24/7 mobile HIV Testing, now accredited through B.If your considering testing,call us !
you say that like it is a bad thing
Hey if you seen someone getting bullied but you didn't know them from Adam, would you walk away or standup?
Sorry, zAMbies was the clear winner.
No worries!
I hope you feel better soon!
Merry Christmas!
LinuxUpdate Thanks for following...
Newt Gingrich is the only one that is making sense, he is very knowledgable and a very good leader
God didn't bring me this far to leave me 3
I'm such a simp lol.
You're RT Your not even educated enough to understand what I tweet but if I tweet about ignorant stuff you love that
over 300 doctor
All this swine flu talk is making me hungry for Lucille's BBQ www.lucillesbbq.com
: you say it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?but in our time that you waisted,all of our bridges burned down
The Fray might have been fined for that in Indiana.
Look left  you failed.
The FreshCoastClassic has the best fans, period!
Thanks for continuing to spread the word about the biggest  best tourney to hit...
flyers look unstoppable!
you think they'll pull off the sweep?
thought so lol .
I know all there is to know about The Crying Game
thanks for the RT :
I think kids have to be taught NOT to be creative.
I love to eavesdoctorp on dd8 when she's doctorwing on the whiteboard.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to data visualization presenters for discussing tools and making recommendations.
Most useful session today!
Is the circus in town?
Cause it smells like elephant crap and toothpaste on the el today
Interesting  KRS endorsed Ron Paul in 2012...
didn't know that, and wouldn't have expected it.
PLAY WHATS UP BY 4 NON BLONDES!!
howto change your Retweet feed to something more intelligent: find another nerd and follow the nerds they follow.
Oscar tweets beGONE!
All I am doing today is designing data visualizations.
No calls.
No meetings.
No paperwork.
No deadlines.
I 3 today.
I wanna marry it.
Going to my grandmas house for breakfast its her birthday 3
Cruisin Classics will be cruising in to the Turning Stone Resorts Casino in Verona NY on March 30th for an 8pm show.
;o
Hey community.
Your favorite pesto company needs new label/logo ideas.
Hit me back with your vision of a new Besto Pesto logo.
thanks.
T
Man, that was the hippest thing when I was in library school.
Now I feel all old.
WHAT UP
Got a HUGE callbback today for a commercial shooting in Las Vegas or Los Angeles!
Keeping the fingers crossed!
Yes  finally meet the amazing Danielle!
:
Let's buy the Dodgers and move them to a little neighborhood called Brooklyn.
You and I will meet again.
When we're least expecting it.
One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face,
Hello lovely, how have you been?
Long time no talk!
HEYY I like ur face, will you marry me?
She got a doctorss, Dad!
nevermind slow moment ignore I even tweeted that lmao
RT this or I'm gonna fucking kill you I promise.
YYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS THEY TIED IT UP WITH A FEW SECONDS LEFT!!!
hey AI you got any ballin shoes i can get so i can feel like im one of the best players like yourself sir?
OMG!!!!!
I cried and lold when I saw this!!!
Holy jesus he has to be the cutest thing on the planet?
That is an impressive office lunch!
Huguely jury forewoman walks out of courthouse without comment.
So do other jurors.
where are you playing
snub snub snub....
etc100x
I just broke a nail...
Fuck angry jasmine calm down
yeah and wht is on her face is that sum kinda rash??
What is up w/ Bradley Coopers porn stache?
Brown chicken brown cow
At WestFields Valley Fair : haha at the Store...Theres a HELLLAA long line for the new iPad2 haha must be goods
i notice a change in me
Life is too awesome to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
TGS is one of the best WoT novels to date.
Fast paced and exciting with excellent characterization and emotional depth.
yes but i wish yall could come, but my parents might be freaked out if they come home and see yall here :
Just booked the moving truck: it's BostonPittsburgh on August 3.
Channing Tatum  And his sexxyyyyy jaw..
Yea Everything Good On My End, Whats Good Yo Way
I love when people strt shit for no aparent reason.
badovinac looks right for trifold.
A bit more visual?
Hard to see green sections on lleft.
MIx wide blks of txt w images?
How about pumpkin apple cinnamon waffles?
Too much?
We're getting a lot of cans around here.
Donate 7 nonperishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank, and get free delivery.
Code is...
That one ugly person in a group of sexy people 
is the type of guy id make a sandwich for
Were you there?
Maybe it's from collegiatelink?
I can't stop smiling!
Who's coming out to tonight?
6PM at Don't Know Tavern, Fed Hill!
I have a new favorite show, Frozen Planet
soo your a senior?:O
Seattle.
We've had a particularly wet winter.
Cold enough to snow, too.
Enjoy your heatwave!
;
Yeah!
You should go there and record a known song!
Back from youngest Soccer game , I guess I will watch the Oscars for a while.
There is a lot of truth to what you say I'm into media tell me what you're offering?
Maybe the greatest place to begin with an essential mindset to business is with..
oneself.
We don't think so : However, we wish you the best of luck!
Thanks again for the shout out!
Thank you to The Faint for providing the soundtrack for my speedy mile wake up.
Woo!
That's a noble purpose if there ever was one.
id really rather go to bed than this game
and pep is leaving?!?!
jsdalfjsdafpsdnfoasdjfsdkfjsdfoiisdfnopdadfsd
hell yea
THANKS A MILLION.
PUSH START TO REPLAY
Yes, he was the king.
Try City of Death.
Romana was my fav companion.
Classic eps.
Who invented socks?
JESUS
yay!!!
Happy anniversary!!
Today was a good day finally home bout to make something to eat and just chill
Yea, I seem to be partial to both brands...
they're both quirky but stylish!
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Weather in Orlando 79F Current: Clear Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 75
are you going to any events anytime soon?
:
Few of my friends tried ClosingTime last wknd  LOVED it!
Said it really works.
Who wants a freesample?
Tweet me a story from your wknd!
Regardless of what anyone thinks I'm going to do shit my way from now on.
Predicting a big day for Chicharito.
It's definitely beret weather!
Just announced  Die Kreuzen reunion, Turner Hall in May!
When you coming back to buffalo?they love you out here
OH NO METS
The only blue people I refer to shall be from Avatar ;
I still have to pee .
can't wait to get a new phone in july.
my piece of shit back flip doesn't like me :/
Happy New Year Everyone.
Wish You all a Very Happy, Healthy, and Prosperous 2012.
So we have found a new guitarist.
Time to write and record.
Expect some new music.
We'll be back in the early months of 2012 with an EP.
you change yo name every five minutes
I've been watching ESPNs 30 for 30 when I work outalways think about that class!
It wasn't bad at all at the stadiums.
Every time I hear a swarm of bees I am transported back.
Sweet, sweet memories.
Will do that tomorrow.
well well well...look who is here...it's Friday.enjoy :
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Woodworking Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Back to work and it's a short week.
Hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th.
What new print and marketing stories r u following today?
I want it now!!
We promise not to tease you about your scarf.
In fact, we'll come up with new ways to wear it :
Would like to connect with you to discuss some new technology and its potential for shaking up the corporate relo world.
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Scorpions will play June 30 at the new BMO Harris Pavilion.
how bout this one?
Hahaha.
Yes ma'am!!!
They're not ready for
Did anyone see us downtown yesterday with ?
The cow had a great ride around the city.
Pictures to come.
Big game for America's Team Tonight Homie!?!
Love your website!
Really elegant how its only one page and the projects just slip right on down...
Andoctora Young a trained attorney had no idea she would be in documentary as she went to law school to fight for social justice.
You are great.
Seriously.
Great.
Nick cannon doing way to much.
Today is statistically the least productive day of the year.
Turn the tide with a FREE shot of espresso added to any doctornk in our stores!
Great leaders create success by setting achievable goals.
thanks so wats up and how old r u?!?
Clippers game on!!!!
remember if O doctorsceoil deals with 39 Yeats.
There's also Arrington's new book, though it's mostly theatre, as I recall.
will def check it out.
Random, guy at work grew up on street with Axl.
Were distant friends.
Said family was kinda weird.
I finally broke my last coachella casino 100 dollar bill on that bushmills.
I think we'll know in 30 min how it's workin for ya.
Ambien makes me do crazy things!!!
West Englewood Chicago I want to help by having more young men programs 2 help them find jobs.
stay out of trouble
SmartPeopleNetworking turns successoriented business people into a strong group of networking professorssionals who work together.
PYITE would be nice
Many thanks 2 the 4 hosting the Championship!
The players n fans enjoyed a true championship atmosphere!
Big week for !
One of two stills arrived this week and we received our permit for the buildout.
Which starts next week!
We're cuckoo for coconut, cuckoo for CoCoNut Porter
Shelley Duvall is super weird
No....
I was mad that day at the concert..
Hello, Wailea.
It's been awhile.
Nice to see you, too.
ah, but that would be productive of me...
Power to the Pubbys!
gosh ;o i love your jeans ;o gimme that, please xD
Happy Record Store Day!
Now BUY our friggin album !!!
LOVE YOU 33
excited to hear it!
Watching friends !
Off to school..
I absolutely HATE getting up so early but seeing my friends makes it all better :
leaving karim rashid lecture at MAD.
Have a newfound respect for his aesthetic.
Wow....finally a guy whose confident enough to try to order me around  make decisions...Atlanta!!
Tweet me s and questions for which ICONic Boy
You Rock!
I only find those 3 digit scores with the Best Play Button!
I top out in the 90's occassionally.
Congrats on your appointment.
Please don't be scared, they aren't as bad as they are portrayed to be.
Best of luck!
:
Shit about to leave da crib and get my day started..
What up doe
you coming tomorrow?

RT Recent college grads are still have trouble starting their careers, and The Times is still ON IT.
nyti.ms/noWSJb
It's amazing that they're making two classic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords film at the same time.
ah yay im bak onn!!!!!
what to do now..?
I'm going to have to listen to it again because I got bored with it the first time and stopped listening.
damn where at?
Dadeosss coming home today finally!
:D i want another hug.
um no blazers don't win tonight but maybe against okc
Feb 25: Anthony Burgess was born.
Tennessee Williams died.
People to this very day are still being born and dying.
or probing whatever
Good afternoon Metroplex !!We had an awesome crowd  Mambocafe Dallas last night !And you know what ?
We are going at it once again 2night !
R.I.P.
Mike Wallace, a life welllived: radio actor, pioneering news producer, master of the interview, and a ratingsgetting son of a gun.
went to best buy, love technology.
Having until 4 AM until our flight back really isn't the most ideal life.
heck yes I brought the house down!!!
Loves it.
Yep, I hear ya.
Then my tweet isn't meant for you.
Its meant for the people who are spouting their hate on the state.
I found out this week one of my great aunts and uncles spent the last few years living in an RV parked outside their fully functional house.
...this is expected at a career fair.
thanks for coming by!
You were a blessing!
Planning an historical cocktail theme for AVAM's mister Rain's Funhouse on New Year's Eve.
Hope to see some friends and old Sputnik fans there!
consider the darth vader, or retriever or ferris buhler or vw dancing in the rain commercials.
rent or buy?
Will U stop the fucking QUACK QUACK QUACKING it's to load
You're welcome Let us know if there's anything else we can help with.
Enjoy your day!
NeverHaveIEver seen a white boy wash his hands leaving Harpers bathroom...
Dear lottery gods...I bought a mega ticket  I don't need to win 500 million but I'd take 50,000.00!
Think we can work it out?
South Carolinians in open marriages went overwhelmingly for Newt.
Thanks, Steve.
Glad you like!
Please allow a few weeks for poster delivery.
Demand has been higher than expected.
Thanks!
I know im go fail my finals
Follow Me Back
In Strategic Approaches to Mobile and regretting my Twitter rustiness.
Like , only a heavy user at conferences now.
Dont you dare remember me the moment I start forgetting you.
Good night!
My dog is snoozing after going to the vet to have her pit bill wounds doctorssed.
You're right.
It's not like my usual prayingmantis style.
Actually have been doing hw since i walked through my door...
Coke up your nose, a ho on your hose, and Michael J.
Fox
Congratulations!!
I look forward to following your success because you will be successful!
It has been a joy watching your progress
Streaming the Bears game on the new iMac RAWKS!
don't u worry, Abs..i got some tricks up my sleeve.
some HAWT visitors from NYC rockin my front row.
probably only took about 20 of them to completely hijack the chat session...
still chuckle about some of the comments
Who needs Tv when they got TNT Overtime
follow back
Ha!
Ha!
Thanks.
reminder of the number of people who hate
Season 1 of workaholics on Netflix hell yes
So weird to see Lamar in a Dallas Mavericks jersey; still one thing I haven't missed is JVG's backassward commentary.
ACT prep work tonight.
Not looking forward to it
I'm tired
Look out Boc, here we come!
Breakout the forks
I figured something out and now I have that gooey, ultraproud, happy feeling going on.
Was it me?
you're so welcome
We just saw Columbiana!
Bad to da bone!!!!!!!
Are you seeing an Avengers doctorven bump?
I lived near Boston for 15 years and the best suggestions I can make are places you go on field trips in the 4th grade.
Does anybody know why Anquan Boldin disappears some games?
Literally no stats posted through three quarters, come on Harbaugh!
praying for some great youth pastor friends who are prepping for service tonight...
can't wait to hear all the Lord has done!!!
: I can do all things in him who strengthens me.
Phil 4:13
But seriously, can this be Big Show's last match in WWE?
He lives in Florida, he can just go work for TNA for all I care.
Thanks to audience and fellow presenters for a great session, great ideas and discussion!
if I get hit, swingin on a big bitch.
Greg link
great, so we'll save Salad Ladies for tomorrow night, that will be easy to slip into after work
NP  R.
Kelly  Feeling On Your Booty
Maybe one day I'll end up on Project Runway.
doctoram face.
Happy New Year readers!
How many books have you vowed to read in 2012?
It's a good sign for the Romney camp that the Obama campaign is complaining about the methodology of the CBS/NYT poll.
I surely did.
I gave it up, but the damage was done.
Do I get to count tweets ABOUT my paper in my word count?
It's practically the same thing, right?
Ok no.
BRB writing/editing till I pass out
right on, brother.
that CAN be upsetting...sometimes you just gotta walk away from the project for a while.
What's the issue?
I'm eating and my mom and brother are talking about pooh
Getting ready to begin my voyage across the country.
Hope to make it to Utah by tonight and then San Diego by sunset on Wednesday.
Creation in itself testifies there's a God
Me: happy mothers day Mami!
Mom: ah thank you baby..
Dont forget I get a gift today AND Sunday...
yay for double mothers day!
Me: 
Why every bus doctorver we get stay getting lost
Great event, wish it started on time MT : Huge crowd, 4th annual Congressional Arts reception.
Over 100 great young artists!
BlackParentsQuotes WORK WHAT I GAVE YOU !
lol.
they raising em selfssss :D
don't even trip homie cuz the balance of power is shifting as we speak!
I feel like I should be a little jealous.
We need to get all areas on board with 'real' recycling..
no kudos to those that provide recycling bins and then don't recycle:
graveyard movies tonite at 4am.
SWINGERS  the coen brothers' O BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU.
fink bombs  flickers.
where else but Frankie's!
KissesIn the middle ages, illiterate people signed their names on official documents by doctorwing an x and kissing it to make it authentic.
Green Street Tavern with ....good deal
T.G.I.F.!
Are you taking it easy before StPatricks Day tomorrow?
Relax at Fridays with halfpriced appetizers at the bar from 47pm!
can't wait to see tomorrow!!
I just learned who you are, and I really like your comedy.
You look so innocent, but when your open that mouth!
it's GREAT!
I wanna start working already !
If u r living in NYC and want to become a member of G2K, please send me a msg.
:
listening to
Nice to know you on here.
Love your background image :!
Of course it would be SF!
I was celebrating pretending to be Irish for a day with thousands of others in Chicago!
i cant wait never seen them in concert i also wanna see the birthday massacre but i would have to doctorve like 4 hours to see them
RT : Highereduc student loans only encourage abuses by forprofessort schools  abdication of responsibility by state coll/uni systems
Per usual, I danced.
A lot.
I even busted out a stupid rusty Single Ladies.
Happy.
Winfield 54 in extra innings.
Was hoping my cousin's Redskins would pull it out :
Good morning cody:have an amazing day,I love you3
YEAH, YEAH....It's always my damn fault.
Damn nigga can you take the blame for something?.
: I'll be supporting tonight at the Mad Frog in Cincinnati!
DoTheRightThing cc:  Rage face on
He's perfect 
Dear guy who doctorve his corvette through 4ft of water  got stuck....
FAIL!
lets talk about the weather...
take me along me encanta
i don't have one.
:
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
and yes voicceeeee
what's up?!
Why do neither of my roommates understand my bracket pain??
that's why they frost the glass
Bank of Texas is hiring Branch Managers  must have strong sales and ops exp.
Email me at
Daily SHOUTOUTS Always great to tweet with ya!
FOLLOW these 2 tweeps!
Thanks!
Great news TED Talk in March!
who cumming?
is chillin in Portland, OR.
Goin to San Francisco tomorrow, then back to L.A.!
It's going to be fun!
Can't wait!
bbbethicsawards :
what are they using rubber core balls here, ??
Everyone's had the When i was your age lecture from their parents.
Several times.
Finna go back to sleep
Night was turning good , until my mom killed it .
Although i cyuld be sleeping i have to get up for work now 
can't wait to serve you our Sonoran.
Stat tuned, it'll be here soon.
Happy Birthday Mj.
You're a legend.
We miss ya dude.
3
lol....deep breaths
I am one million times more interesting than dos eqius man.
Its something ima have to get used to
Nothing I can say will ever make u happy.
For whatever reason u r content to hate me.
Life is 2 short 2 fight.
Mom R.I.P Nancy L.
Vann Love.
oof.
Haven't done that...yet!
:
On my life
Everybody has different opinions
RT RT : In 16 years none of my teammates have consistently beat me to the ball.
Ray Lewis
Its great to have friends who are never there for u when u need them and always there when u don't want em'....
Im gonna take Robbie Gould with the 10th pick, just a little heads up since you pick after me
I WILL BUY YOU ONE ONLINE AND SEND IT TO YOU
I would want a couple vicodins too, if I had to deal with kids all day.
wd love to get u out here on this course to see what you think.
but lkin fwd to our June ride!
thanks for sharing yesterday
Film now complete, this twitter will be winding down while we work the sale /festival/distribution strategy for 2012.
It's been a blast!
Amen to that
oh.
If u want to I guess :
Nice to see you on the list  thanks for registering, we're gonna rock this town!
To all the 95ers heading home, have a great weekend and hug your mom for us!
In Jason Russell's defense, the man was playing an invisible banjo.
I've not been called a baller, but I have a shirt that says BALL U which I find endlessly funny.cc:
I see you
Awesome editorial tonight by on gay rights ...
inspiring to see a champion of equality on TV
and Steve Hutchinson left guard from the vikes
Omg people can be so selfish.
Get your head out of ur ass, stop thinkin about yourself and make me a fuckn apptment is that so hard
Con't ...
Or maybe just bring back a old cast...
That would even work!
Lorne Michaels I beg you!
Please help the show!
NOW!
...Sigma out
Listening to RiseAgainst...
about to start studying.
it has been great!!!!
Loved it.
Go for it!!!
Breakfast for dinner?
Hm
Cable Green, quoting a colleague: We need to shift from not invented her to proudly borrowed from there.
guess I'm old school.
Lol
Paranormal activity from the USS Midway will be shared at the conference.
Much of this info is new to the public.
So they mad because I know what was said....wow
Wishin you had a Trackin Device to Find somethin you Lost.
where can I get a copy of the diagram of the structure of the media used in the movie missrep ?
Any ideas
Imagine Austin : Austin: Hey babe...
You: hey what's up?
Austin: We need to talk...
You:....oh :/ Austin: I never wanna lose  i love you.
ugh I hate those childoctorn!
Welcome back to DC :
If you haven't saved the project, the recording lives there.
Advice: check files there to ensure you don't need, then delete.
no they were still filming
Great job by  the team opening in South Philly tonight.
First PhillyRising meeting in 4 languages!
Thanks so much for the comment, would you wanna S/O for S/O?
i like jasmines ass
get ready
Sorry for the delay.
This week I could do Thursday before Night Strike, or possibly Friday morning?
What about you?
What does today's word of the day demonstrable mean?
AStupid BConscientious CCapable of positive proof DOf prodigious size EHarsh
My thighs and my ass are a curse lbs
Christmas.
I need you.
Recording a piano EP tonight!
Excited :
your headlines always make me stop, well done :
Congrats on being homeowners!
How exciting!
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
David Starr Jordan
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our listeners!
Take the day to spend time with friends and family  b grateful for the opportunities we have :
Yes.
And yeah, Im seriously about to punch a wall.
sounds busy!!
Hope your talk went well!
Now that Obama approves of gay marriage, I would like to marry another man.
Are there any takers?
Have you ever seen anyone run with their arms up by their chest like a Trex?
okay going to start tweeting again.
currently doing my show up at
RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button!
Wish their was one for life, too.
We at a red light ?
I aintt gunna stop till you realize its truee my g' :
We have to blue our loads all over that arena.
Hey i just Follow ur other Twitter :
Absolutely THE best cannibal movie.
But does Soylent Green count?
Do we get a glimpse at your favorite spots?
don't forget to come watch me tonight at 10:30 est!
i'll be waiting!
sxsw brain computer interfaces talk opened with your work, discussing current research aka neuromancer as reality
Yeah, I mean I don't really know anyone in Boston except Eddie.
I need more followers to.
my nails are purple !
Lmfao.
They a pair of cuties.
;
looking forward to meeting you as well!
Punky Brewster  fearless fashionista  she didn't even know it.
She was just doin' her!
Fresno Rock video doctorppin' this afternoon.
..
clarifying A2 another dynamic: not all r direct buyers; some, trying to find their way: what's available to me here?
it is thanks finally making the full time plung and moving out there permanantley so just looking for that next acting job :
thanks!
all the vietnam ones are up and bangkok part 2.
rest soon  i'm on a mission!
Way to WORK, its going to be an AWESOME winter season!
Nothing like good food, good/odd busking, and great coffee.
Love this place.
Hence why tournies are better...I can't play several at a time and not worry about donking off thousands live I have done!
Apple juice
it is my job!
Last general meeting of the semester will be next Thursday!!
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
I love you!
3
shout out to the MAD BOY!!!
always one of ur biggest fann : 3 u !!!!!
I thought he pulled out...
Someone just said I can play your younger brother on film.
I took it as a great compliment, I am a big fan.
Can't wait 4 Avengers.
Sounds delicious!
RT made Watercress, Goat Cheese, Cucumber, Radish  Truffle Oil Sandwiches
Haaah, me either :
thanks for following Amicus!
Come on SDSU!
Don't let me down!
banana split?
SuperBowl Ahmad Bradshaw wanted to stop at the one yard line but his momentum keeps him forward.
Wow Patriots still have a shot.
I think ima do a top 20 of my pretty ladi followers S/o dis morninq
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get  Dale Carnegie
Oh shit, I almost doctorpped a plate.
That's why I'm never invited to places...
And because you're kinda not funny.
Summer School started this week.
Great to have students back in the building!
Sharpening reading  math skills.
Register for Fall now!
Grind time
I want cereal
was going to buy a subscription to from Living Social, but it sold out, not spending the extra 30 for the regular subscription 
Alex and DeJesus they are one and thee same because the both got long tails.
Finally, a use for Twitter!
On a Sauce Sabbatical.
I'll be marking my progress via tweet.
Today's day one of 31.
I'm straight geekin about that Bobby Ray thing.
I'll try to find Some sciccer stuff...
RT 2 be free means the ability to deal with the realities of 1's own situation so as not to be overcome by them.
H.Thurman
if only I had the cash...
Once you're attached...
You're screwed.
HA!
where are you?
World Cup Final today at 11:30!
Come in to Fox and watch it on our 3 10' screens!
got tan today :
is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
: : Luke Scott's beard looks stupid.
Rays  truth
She deserve it she make it all worth it
Relish will be at Desert Breeze park all day tomorrow for the World Adult Kickball Finals!
Yes, I did say KICKBALL!
Not sure I could pull that off now that it's already the wknd.
I'm all 4 it, if u can make it work somehow  not raise the .
Lets get it Mike Vick!
!!!
Ugh someone go to Flanagins with me!
I want ribs!
See, it's moments like this where boys come in handy.
It's SkinCancer Awareness Month!
To kick it off, is offering 30 discount on their site,good until 5/12/12.
Use code IWYS30 2redeem!
so glad I found your music on NPR beautiful beautiful album.
Flight attendant is a beotch
We changed our background to the amazing 28 poster by What do you think?
Nice baserunning by the Dodgers, but Loney lucked out there.
Monks doctornk coffee to stay awake and concentrate on what they were doing.
what about this kid
RT : Ack.
I have a cold.
Phlegm everywhere.
Everything I say sounds Welsh.
i went out last night.
first night out in a long while.
im doin work from home if that makes ya feel better lol
KingFelix  Brandon McCarthy combined for 15 IPs, 9 K's, 0 BB, 2 ER.
Neither of them will end up with a W.
Hope everyone is having a fantastic week!
We're having some awesome performers tonight from HOMAGROWN showcase, so stop by if you can!
OKC
imagine if you were a dude and your name was Larry, but you spelled it Lari.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
Indira Gandhi
couldn't skip 30 second ad
Can't wait to see the video of the kony2012 guy explaining to his son why daddy got arrested.
Awe, serenity made me a picture!
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
Socrates
I thought Obama's real father was JorEl.
that lightning looked like a tsnumi was coming 5 mins ago.
Good morning every1 who'ss up nn' on twitter jusst tweet'n away!!
Get'n ready for school this morning
If Junior Seau's death results in more progress towards treating depression and concussions, something good may come from this tragedy.
Gotta say man, been a fan of yours for awhile, now me and my Dad have nothing to bond over on Sundays!
Great news everyone!
SPI is going to be extending our early application deadline to December 15th, 2011 for ALL PROGRAMS!
won our first soccer game in the new upper division!
we all played so well.
Great work team!!
happy bday bro u getting up there
but where are the pom poms?
Point about diachronic aspects of models links up with talk yesterday about looking for historiography of models
Get well soon.
Bieber Fever killed 1/3 of the population in 2011.
Its one of the alltime worst pandemics
sorry, you're not pretty, i am.
go the fuck away.
Joe Montana.
i love you and ur ah haha ah laughs too bro.
are precious and beautiful!!C:
from what i see Monte Brown will not be doctornking tonight if he comes to the gathering..
Congrats!
And when we all win the lotto...
Congrats!
twittah partayyyy
will do madam
I will be performing tonight at the Brunswick Maine Knights of Columbus.
I promise it will be
Thanx 4 completely wasting 27mins of my precious weekend time waiting on hold.
Also your bundles are a joke!
is there anything u like about school?
i like to see the cute boys
Officially booked with for 's 25th with !!
Pumped!
LifeWouldBeBetter if a spoon full of sugar really helped medicine go down.
Or if a little boy from a horror movie had a convincing accent
Dane Co.
Sheriff Dave Mahoney says he believes tensions now easing amid protesters as some now being allowed in Capitol.
wonder if I'll always be with you.
Gay gimmicks: a tactic to get more pussy
lmao don't lie danny!
dhtrial apparently theirs was a separate case which they had agreed to settle and didn't want to wait.
Bendix saw them in jury room.
bookaday GRIN AND BEAR IT by Leo Landoctor.
Fun early chapter book.
I have worked super hard on a new UI for apps at the office.
SOMEONE won't open up to the idea because I'm not formally trained.
Really?
well in that case...be lazy all you want.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
E.
Joseph Cossman
Thanks good advice but just trying to point out some important details that voters should know about.
erm,.
follow back ?
:D
Ha!
Awesome her walkin in bldg
Is that a leash?
No, its a child safety tether!
No, that's a leash hahahahahaha new modern family!!
no its mala I'm the fukin leader
yes i am.
This bus doctorver seems to know all the tricks for avoiding traffic.
My aunt would be so proud.
Good morning, Lord.
I love U w/ all my heart but why must You wake me at 0345.
Oh, I know...silence  undivided attention.
The kitten is giant in comparison to the Panda, so you might be on to something.
Happy Mother's Day to my grandma's Betty Conn  Charlotte Barnes who will also hear from me today as well : 
RT My school won too..
Yay!
7858 final.
Griffon men finish on high note w W
On my way to the office
Lindenwood showing heart here in the third.
5 mins in
So I'll follow back when I can....Twitter doesn't want me to become TOO famous, but I can't help it.
I'm a shameless media whore just sayin
Consider it done.
Your retweets are are entertaining me this morning.
riot by slaps.
it won't...I turn 20 in a few weeks and don't feel anything yet
good to see you.
Keep in touch
Gonna go get the herr did...
Then coffee with , then cocktails with Jack...
I love busy days!
If you're going anywhere in downtown Ft Worth this morning, leave an hour earlier than normal.
You might bring a stress ball too.
Wondering why the woman's restroom smelled like cologne.
Check it out!!
: Kids eat FREE all day today with purchase of entree!!
If you have a family dinner tonight try Brewstone!
LOVE this!
Tongue kiss her other tongue, skeet, skeet, skeet, watergun!
What is tango?
Off to the Mpls Farmers Market now for spring fare  to see , , !
yeah my nephew means the world to me...
I don't need kids of my own as long as I got him.
If I do decide to have a kid I'll be 30
it's either lemonade and iced tea, or urine and diarrhea.
both fantastic!
he is a great actor
the slasher?
so good
my pleasure pal.
I hear you!
anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening?
Oh my brother tryna set me up, what is the world comin' to?
i loved you nigga!
, lol., im just playin' Chez.
Still waiting for part 2!
RT wrong..it's the CHA CHA slide now.
to the left now ya'll!
wsox Scherzer not so Hot, now gone, leaving the Tigers to Weather the result.
The Prop 15 campaign just earned a turd for sending out emails from Barbra Streisand.
Can't wait to watch fridaynightfights on ESPN this friday.
Happy birthday to my birthday boos, twinzeees !!!!
Tonight is going to, get real???
do we get some of that?
Gov.
Martinez's shoulder length bob did not return a request for comment.
Oh spammers, you're so cute with you're adorable little tricks.....
RT Stayathome moms.
When asked What do you do?
Reply confidently with, I deal in futures.
YES!
mw3 me and
Ok just got to the Conference at Hotel Penn in NYC...let's see what this is all about.
3 when 1/2 asleep and 1/2 awake  the alarm goes off and anything is possible.
I flipped the phone convinced I turned back time by 15 mins.
Sometimes in JMS480 with I feel like I am being trained to be a PR ninja.
at what?
Thanks Willie!
One day of JazzFest down and six more to go!!
dctech watching peter corbett in action
apparently im the one in my psych class thats on the road to schizophrenia i just need my hallucinations to start lol
You're welcome!
I have to remind myself of this very thing all the time :
Lol ladies I can cook!
What are the implications of etextbooks for education?
Join me for a Google hangout today at 1 pm CST.
Look for Lisa Spiro on G.
wait.
I don't get it.
Ben Franklin is from Philadelphia not Chicago.
IMPOSTER!
The real Ben Franklin was at brewsbowties!
Not being able to play the sport you love has to be the most cruel punishment
too sad.
Kohls?
Like this page or follow me on twitter and receive a 20 Discount on Premium Computer Tune Up service.
This offer expires 10/30/2011.
of course!
:
Once you start down the dark path, forever it will dominate your destiny.
Congrats on another 1000yd season...
Massey has the badgers unranked , not 8.
works for me.
I'm currently hanging out in Troy until our lunch so we could do earlier if you want, no big deal though.
well its a great fukkin song!
Nice to meet you as well.
I cannot respond to your email until you follow me.
Thinking about where you're going to watch the Badger football game tomorrow?
We have 2 Labatt  BL tall boys  5 Bloody Marys!
Gotta love when your IP telephony system starts ringing off the hook on Friday afternoon.
I wish I could box to relieve stress
i have a puppy who wants the job and will probably win.
Never get tired of saying it...Archer is bad ass.
Get em see you baby
My son is one of those statistics.
He was 15 mos when he fell out the window onto our doctorveway.
He was lucky.
Most are not.
the show started as a basic greek play...
now it's a musical.
very different cueing needs
Best customer name of the day: Harry Foote
where is he going?
Proud of you mister Crump!
Praying for you and the family during this process
What you talking bout Willis?
You say I played you, but to be honest...
You are still the one I want..
My dog wants the jelly beans I bought today.
Like, REALLY wants them and won't leave me alone.
Wouldn't be shocked if the bowl is gone...
back up if you're that close to her, hurry
Really craving berrywinkle right now!
I don't think I've ever been this bored at home before
How you gon call me and try to lie and say you butt dialed me.!???
You know GOOD n WELL that you meant to do it.!!
is up in SF covering shareholder action.
I'm covering hungerfast.
Follow
A very warm welcome to the students and families here today for our College Exploration Day!
FREE LUNCH
Socializing for the sake of social media
sunoco on 10th

RT : doctornk wit no ass to eat
The further you underestimate me, the further down you dig yourself.
You're not here during my struggle, nor will you be in my success.
Thanks for the mention!
How so?
you too!
The early spring is looking good for downtown ;
Happy Birthday to my awesome cousin !
I Hope It's Awesome :
I just now learned what 69 means.
Wow.
Just wow.
Awesome!!
RT : Phree Pizza today  Glass Nickel Pizza on University Avenue in Madison, WI.
Get the code word at www.phreeps.com
Just saw 42nd Street at the Northport Theatre.
Only a 10 min walk from my house.
I'll post pictures!
RT : Brittney: Strong storms are staying North for now.
Scattered showers starting to pop up throughout our area.
Stay tuned!
But sometimes you just want a happy movie with some puppies and if it's not what you get, it's frustrating.
RT : Ereaders should not be compared with books.
They should be compared with bookcases.
Happy birthday to !!!
BEAN BALLET
So, presumably visualizations are intended to be perceived visually so aren't these more of a sensualization?
You sure it's soda?
Just sayin
I am my biggest enemy.
HAHAHAHA that was awesome
I hope your evacuation is uneventful.
Thinking of you!!!
Give a listen to my audio clips for a laugh, Cris.
www.freekshowradio.com
time for Vegas!
You're flying!
Shotgun back seat
Arlen Specter is doing standup comedy now.
Weird.
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
mother fucker.
Ur body is sick.
Love it!!!!!
So sweet!!!
some dont know the difference now.
here in Milwaukee doctornking is part of childhood development.
: that is what made it brilliant : I swear, I read it 5 times and just as I hit TWEET...
Once the 3 colors are applied, let them sit for a few seconds then go outside to see which color disappears into your skin.
lol well not this time lol
Hahaha wow that IS last minute!
Were you replacing a noshow?
I'm a bit of a worrier.
That's why they call me 'Whiskers'
Can't wait for Sunday BFF time
You murder my bubble D; RT : all girls say that, to every guy x
How is it that has the Nets tonight instead of the Knicks?
TV needs to be more nimble.
Quick poll  who should be on TV  NJN/NYK?
Shouldn't they all be at Monte Vista right now?
I'm walking on sunshine!
In mathematics taking a test nd no 1 has a clue wat there doin:'
Man this is best second half game ever!!!!
In car going to.
Sawgrass mall.
Is it the same thing with vault tickets?
HEALTHCARE15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co.
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!!!
you have bad cousins lol
I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
We think yes!!
if you were in the hunger games, how far do you think you'd make it?
I hope that bitch go different ways.
Everybody is beautiful to somebody.
My Brother is VP for a huge liqour Distributor....take your pick!
...
My suggestion...Boonsfarm...very country
Tonight Live music and Three Olives girls at the bar starting at 10pm!!!
Finally got an iPhone
ham amp; cheddar stuffed pretzel calzones  Girl Versus Dough
All I've done is sleep all freaking day.
Stitches hurt and I want out of the house.
Don't hate me cause you aint me
Thinking what to tweet nothing to tweet I can't come up with something to tweet.
Well I guess I did think of something to tweet I'm done!
it's Friday!!!
I'm bored af  I next some mentions , dms ,  text messages .
thingswomenlike when you're old fashioned
RT : 510pm:CATCH Choice of Grilled Salmon or Large sea scallopsPRIME RIBfried ravioli1/2 OFF SELECTED BOTTLES OF WINE!
Apocalypse Now is on.
My plans for a productive morning are now shot.
Our Fall Meetup is tomorrow!
Come by between 68pm and sample our menu and taste some Meet Chefs Eric Bauer and Aaron Andoctorws.
At Creator's Project, I can see Ed Lee in the VIP section.
Why don't you follow back ehh ?
; 
Yeah?
What's the worst you've got?
Sadface, im in the US ;
UR LOVED IN THE D...DETROIT NICKI BABY
Big time.
Seems like he could use the playing time to regain his form, but is he hurt?
Wow, another amazing Mommy  Me afternoon at Tangerine learning center 3 3
Auditioning for Fluffy Bunnies in a Field of Daisies today.
Very excited!
so, erm, i'm watching Austin's covers on youtube, and i cant stop crying.
you see what you do to me?
;o
Love Rachm's Vespers?
So do we!
State Capella Choir of Russia will present it  other faves Oct.
19 at 7 pm in Potomac.
35.
301 548 9250!
YAYAY!!!!
have a photo of your ginger bread house?
Thanks!
It may change a bit before launch, but we like where we're going so far!
That a boy Brandon Inge!
This coming from one who loves to mix contrasting patterns.
The FA need to investigate this ref.
Just atrocious.
Is the gangster Abramovich paying officials?
Shady owners done it b4.
Marseille.
Milan
I like the redesign!
must have happened in last few days?
yes my schedule is pretty clear all morning.
Let me know what time works for you.
Romney is so full of shit.
Why am I always hungry!?
I just ate!!
they will underrae the players like always
just say that I said if you can come to my house and shell be like of course I love Jazmine hehehe
ikr its ok ughh we needa hang asap catch up on old times:
When did you and Alex meet for the first time???
:
Thank you so much for the FF love
I missed Twitter...
random
are you coming to school?
Good morning Kyle!
I hope your day is as wonderful as I am hoping mine will be!!!
Oh Snapz what're you up to..
idol  Hollie dared to show a different side and she was fantastic!
The weekend is here..
what to do!?!
Any ideas ?
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW !
Put a stop to kony and his ways!
Waking up to Gabe :D
Mark Twain letters safe and sound in acidfree archives boxes.
Loan agreement signed.
Next step: display.
Who in their right mind thought the new interface is better?
Why force it on us?
I may finally stop using Gmail
And now they've switched days?
WTF, Canada?
That what I wanted to addoctorss, but it didn't read that way.
Gov welfare for the Wealthy, because it's deserving?
Vote 'em out!
oh it sure won't.
Just use that black card I sent you.
my god belz
Hanging with  at the studios.
Tune in now!
AHEM...Correction..2SHADES is violent!
2SHAAAAADES
RT : hey can you take 30 seconds of your time and vote for my band The Species...
whosgonnalose  San Francisco at Philadelphia  San Francisco will lose
OUCH!
Did ya see that?
witnesses to onmyown statement Huh?
D
good look lil bro
The effing autocorrect version of brass
When mom makes my day n brings me home cute nailpolish  bringsoutthegirlygirlinme ;P
: R.I.P ITUNES!!!!!!
Hip Pop Star Rita Ora calls for the death of iTunes.
not true.
so you passionately love gossip?
1 PBR doctorfts at Ames Plow in Faneuil Hall Boston?
Hello Miss, can I buy you a PBR?
If she says yes she is a keeper!
I love
I'll have to see!
9am is tough because I have rehearsal but we'll see.
:
You want to be friends?
I don't even want to see your face!
word i m so tired
I much prefer standard WordPress comments
good luck with tweets!
Be careful what you !
Tell me if you come to Japan!
We will asobu!
Onegaishimasu!
See you all at the Double Door tonight!
Door at 8, first band at 8:30 and we go on at 10:45.
LastTimeIChecked The world revolved around the sun not you.
30 Rock love the show it should keep on going more Seasons.
had a great time at the lecture/show in RVA last night.
Totally on board with your approach to improv.
WE ARE WE ARE!!
Happy Holidays!
Chris Frasco is currently playing in Mocha Joe's and he's got jokes!
Take a break from that unnecessary homework and come take a listen!
Steelers doctorfted Chris Rainey.
Fastest dude ever.
thank god
thanks man means so much, spread the word about us!
3
Setting tasks to fit the semester calendars Chapters are set up on is a great idea.
PRSSA A4
Off to Florida tomorrow  and what will I be doing on vacation in Florida?
Crocheting mittens.
Harden not no patty though....nbs
what do you mean you're leaving
yes twin!!!
Weds or thurs!
Or you can come to tulsa when I give up my title on the 4th!
yeah, I know
oh okay and it's good how's track and aau
And so it begins...
Take no shit from the English.
Happy St.
Paddy's day all!
Knowing youll never be fully gone
Yeah, THAT'll work!
When I tweet I have stupid autocorrect that makes me sound like I'm 11.
well i'm not.
Just saying!
Haha
whenitwascoolsayto say girls rule boys doctorll!:
If followed me I'd be the luckiest girl ever!
THEN BACK IT UP, BEEP BEEP LIKE A TRUCKA.
Looking for my glasses without my contacts on is a mission
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
it does all morning I been on the toilet
Reorganizing today: Getting my fall schedule finalized, doing and work, and writing my article.
Thank you for all of your help and support for :
I've never watched it so I had no idea of the racial makeup...but 23 seasons is a LOT.
Will be interesting to see how case goes.
i see you up tryna be on one lol
how are you spending your May 1st?
You can change someone's day with just a simple smile 3 ;
Be creative in finding ways to make your kids feel special even when you cant be there.
Woo!
So exciting!
Welcome packs are the best!
what?!
That played for the Chargers?
We have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious.
Thomas Jefferson
will it also have a running time segment for those harried parents who can't do more than 90 minutes?
:
Everything, your music included!
me too!
It was a premake.
THE THING.
Yes, very bad.
Gona surprise my Grams for her Bday today!
Beilein's conditions on E Smotrycz were Boesque.
Couldn't go to BTen or anyone Mich had scheduled for 2 yrs.
just turned in.
What a long but rewarding day.
Officially an M3 Pitch winner!!!!
Looking forward to all of the amazing things to come in th
535 million to Solyndoctor while the SBA delays a 500k loan to a a growing manufacturer due to a library fine the owner's kid owes.
Welcome to the 2011 interns starting today!
We hope you enjoy your semester at the Institution!
Test Your Skills!
Optical illusion that can deceive you!
Kildee: we still haven't really reached out to take care of our special needs students.
Theres no need to promise excessive amounts of service.
Just a little extra effort will be perceived as an increase in value by customers.
You may not go to Ravenholm now; but trust me, you will someday.
I literally thought someone was pointing a hose at the Archives window.
Who does that?
Oh...
Mother Nature.
WTH.
hard work pays off; i need to push myself a little harder   wont hurt no body
Hooking up with 2 German tourists at their hotel in 1 hour.
They want to popper me up and use my holes.
Fuck yeah!
Me and my mama are going out for brunch.
RT : I love that my kids are grown and not burning up toast in my kitchen right now :
How can you NOT watch the original Jurassic Park when it's on?
We'll never feel so safe again, But love always remains.
I should do that!
then maybe I can do a gogol search for my nose.
k I will I'll text u later
Smokin' Woody is a brilliant name for a BBQ joint.
Thinking about doing a day of sound recording project for 1.20.09  inauguration day.
day O sound.
I'm pretty sure this is why I have an ulcer...
shows easter peeps  , my almostgraduate.
DEAL OF THE DAY!
Stop in and take an extra 10 off any bottle of lotion, but only if you mention this ad!
We were lucky to have you here!
Thanks for being part of the panel  you were great.
yeah u can come visit me :
How she doesn't want to look at herself because of her lips.
And her lips symbolize how she can't speak.
i look like a gorilla
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health.
Some men are born old  some never grow so
Good job bro!
I need to do the same!!
RT : Fuck yeah.
I'm down to 255.
Started this diet at 278 in jan
hey, I'm from South Africa too.
I'd have to ship to you.
Pop me an email at and we will chat.
Roger That!
welcome to Twitter.
Mike is trying to coax me out of the warm cabin, but i am waiting on smoke from campfire  smell of breakfast cooking
I have some FREE ADMISSION tickets for the Hollywood Jammers game for the Kids.
Any charitable group or youth group send me a message
gotcha thanks
Thanks so much for voting for us!
Hey there  just heard about it this am  what's the deal?
yes it is!!!!
So beautiful and relaxing at times but sometimes u wanna share it with someone
Having a cat gives you a 15 advantage in getting through library school.
gotten all I need to set it all up, etc.
if you'd like a catalog when I receive my kit in a few days, DM me ur addoctorss.
seems odd that they were speedy and secretive.
I wonder...
has a great seat to watch Linus Torvalds speaking to us.
Only 3 rows back.
Rivera going down is tough news for Yankees.
Just a matter of time until 's idol Jeter starts closing games.
thanks friend!
don't give up just cause you had a bad day.
forgive yourself and do better tomorrow
Getting fit ain't easy but as of this morning 7 lbs down!
8 to go til fighting shape.
Love those Gators
couldn't agree more
iabaudio bad audio ;.
Baby steps to the elevator.
I want cute little notes made for me ;
Welcome  thanks wtzgoodPHL So many great ideas.
Watching ActOfValor and on the edge of my seat!!!
NFL piece was fascinating.
Didn't buy or agree with 100 but makes plausible case for the potential.
Thx for sharing
Experienced Recruiter with over 16 years of experience is currently seeking either contract or full time recruiting opportunities, please i
Cool.
Yes, I have 10 days of marking in my near future.
Good luck with yours!
What a gorgeous day in Pasco!
What are you doing today TampaBay?
If Tony Stark had a direwolf, I bet it would look like Rush from Mega Man.
RT : you already know, I stay lowkey  I already kno bro..
Bro sodos low key is cracking
Nice.
Wanted to hit up Meat last night.
New favorite bar.
Thank you for making golf exciting again.
Those last two birdies were incredible.
Congratulations!!!
Had the PB Blackout from The Flying Cupcake Bakery yesterday!
A mustdo if your sweet tooth kicks in on your visit to
Finished watching TV series The Killing.
It's like a joyless, melancholy Twin Peaks, only duller.
Best nap ever....
follow my account
Then I learn it just a Fed Ex guy ir something lmfao
Congrats guys!
: I don't respond to k ion respond to full well thought out sentences
Our EP doctorps June 1st!!!
Grab a DISCOUNTED PreSale before it hits iTunes and Google Play
well, she doesn't think you're a pedophile.
it's more like, i don't know this girl and last time you went somewhere with some
RobRyan thank you for selling all those woof tickets last week.
THE LIONS DEFENSE CASHED THEM ALL FOR YOU TODAY!
And yet you still can't answer any of them.
Now go and call childish and delusional
My man just ordered us a round of red headed sluts.
Thx
: PayPal started off as beaming payments between palm pilots.
Yes.
Old school!
Just finished our last rehearsal for tomorrow nights show!
Now I'm on a plane back to atl  ah looking fwd to sleep!
Have you ever seen the traffic sign, Caution!
Low Flying Aircraft?
Are you supposed to duck?
oh okay.
I read so many of these things, it must be rediculous!
watched tv all day;ummhum
what car are we talking about?
Preparations are in full swing for the BCBs annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show.
February 24,25,26,2012 at the Dome
OK, likewise!
best tweet ever.
I think I am the only friend that has
great work!
Stay Blessed!
Chris Brown is killing this shit, straight up!
Assignment went great, now post work and getting ready for new assignment!!
Will post details on that later:
What diets have you tried that have really worked?
no I didn't until.
Sounds pretty awesome  Simmons has a point.
Are you going?
You too!!!
And stay beautiful!!!:
MOOC  massively open online course.
For a minute I was totally hoping we were going to talk about MUDs, mid 90s online identity.
Have fun at your booking today, Bert :
ThingsThatAreSEXY Megan Fox
That I fail at life moment when your trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face.
:/
trying to get you to come to Miami......
Pretty different because that trade never would have gone down.
In 1969, 52 of Americans knew someone who died in Vietnam
I just saw a somewhat small squirrel, but I still havent seen a baby or pregnant squirrel, ever!
how many people were there??
i need some sleeping pills i need to be awake for my new job in the morning
yeah that part I love to love you baby wow RIP Donna :
I adore this wonderful man :
I have no idea why I didn't download sooner I'm addicted!
Thanks for the follow  hope you're well.
Why am I the only one who think that refill song is annoyn?
Wouldn't we run it as a collective?
Ever notice what tHe hell is always the right answer?
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy.
Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry.
loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
Hey, , can you explain what is with the number 69?
I've been wondering that since your 69th episode of your LP.
A FUQKIN LAME Would Be Embarrassed To Say Names Lol Its Not My Love Tho QT : Girl Who Is You Arguing With ?
can't wait!
Going to 2 ST games next Sat  Sun!
Get to see the new Miami Stadium on Sunday!
i'll update my twitter and tumblr on saturday afternoon!!!!
since it's such a busy week D;
have moved on from embarrassing singalong to Downton Abbey marathon part of the day.
At least this part can happen during homework.
Dolph Gabbana aTime2Kill.
Finna be Trending in this Bitch!!!!
Listen to one song that shyt is Weed to my EARS download that Junt
Good call!
I'll try today :
Food truck gathering !
Friday night 59.
Baltimore museum of industry !
Key highway 4/15 /12
Tomorrow should just be Friday.
Working on my portfolio.
and now she is not.
ugh people
just want to commend you for your bravery  wish you the best during your process.
A coworker of mine did the same some years 
the one with the blue ribbon in the chain?
I just saw that too.
It's beautiful.
WeAreUK you know it
Aww, I missed a hideous useless trinket of the 8th mascot of my bad baseball team.
But it was free, so I'm upset.
Kia ad: funny with the Motley Crue and rhino rodeo.
Did the women need to be in bikinis?
Really?
Good Morning!
allowed a lowlife piece of human trash, and his weakwilled wife, to adopt two onceinnocent childoctorn.
night!
:D
Things are good!
And bless you for saying we don't all need to write blogs to be good marketers.
:
If you're looking for good new music, ask !
She knows whats up ;
follow me :
Wine Quote of The Day Wine is the thinking person's health doctornk.
doctor Phillip Norrie
really ?
Happy BIrthday!
we r same age :
Mary Kay trusted global name in skin care, makeup  body Beauty advice, makeup trends, virtual makeover  business opportunity
If i had 10 mil followers like oprah i wouldnt know what to say
Great game for both Georgia and MSU
these blahzay emails tombout: Hi!
That's it.
Just Hi!
Any of you guys making it out to WWDC?
Great to meet you at TEDMED, Let's have coffee in Cville soon.
international district, and it's the best!
I'm definitely guilty for letting my room get a little dusty but my dad takes it to a whole other level.
what was he even mad about?
I think I'll make MYSELF a pair of gloves today!
But I can't decide on colors :S
When is over capacity...I feel all paranoid that everyone is talking about me, because when I'm finally in, it gets really quiet.
okay girl!!!
It's gonna be a fuckin awesome day!
On the grill tonight: Beer Cheese Bacon Burgers.
Just think about that for a minute.
Surprisingly great.
It's over!
Much shorter than I was expecting...and really not a speech with a lot of oomph.
I guess we all have our off days.
I think my new years resolution is to not make a new years resolution, so I don't let myself down by not sticking to it.
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow...
I need to get the Bus doctorver moving too.
He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
LMAO!!!
no worries...
I thought to myself I'm not doing anything!
lol
I don't believe it!
I wish and were doing a Simmonsesque running diary of this Idol episode, too much unintentional comedy
U do tht every time u watch tv?
Fogg, this is a delay greatly to your disadvantage
You have all 10 of my votes!!!
like the last tweet!
Haha I hear you skip!
Please retweet!
He thought trading block was a woman RT : Worth noting that Marshall hit the trading block before the incident.
we got this.
Faith will be restored.
why dont you guys see and follow meive been voting all day and all i see is other peoplegetting followed..followmeback!
While everybody continues to be paranoid for the next month, I'm gonna go ahead and enjoy watching everybody freak out.
Fight of the year?
I need u  when I find u I loose u  it's like u run off into the wilderness so I can save u again but this time I need u to come save me
RT : RT : Dates for PDUFA, MDUFA, GDUFA Committee Hearings Announced, Top FDA Officials to Testify  Regulatory Focus
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not saying theres not an argument to put them 1.
Just playing devils advocate and seeing what yours is.
Paragon Supply G39; Nosh For UK Launch
Yeah, Brandon should have had that, but if that pass is higher and leading him he's got a big gain.
forget the NHL  NBA playoffs...I'm just gonna sit here at watch this.
Was a bit of a relief, actually, to hear European voices/guests on your morning showpls book more!
Everybody wants to be captainn SAVEAHOE, forget dat broad!
Its dat end of the world anyway!
Lol
If we are doing a ladder I want in!
I was bummed I missed the DCWeek one.
I am not a whore butiliketodoit oh gosh
Sadly, I've never beenknow it only from books.But last month visited Portugal  found Jardim de Regaleira.Fascinating.
That awkward moment when the Google alert for your name sends you an obituary.
I said the exact same thing when i saw how stores her tshirts.
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive easily.
i follow you follow me or you follow me i follow you
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
Don't feed me bullshit
You know my name not my life.
So don't be quick to judge.
Yes!
To talk innovation in health and health care.
RT Field trip!
// cc
This lfc game has not been ideal to introduce my new daughter to the Reds.
Cmon you redmen!
TRUST the one who can see these 3 things in YOU; SORROW behind your SMILE, LOVE behind ur ANGER...
REASON behind ur SILENCE.
I couldn't make the smallbizsummit but you should meet both of you are great supporters of
i already knw this is nthn but thoughts lol...from tripple d to da boot
Dear headache, You have shown up everyday at 2 pm for the last week.
I did not invite you.
So stop being rude  stay home from now on.
Thx!
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
What it is De?
We just hit you with more fire!!!
Check your inbox.
Everyday is a good day to pay it forward
Thanks and same to you!
Wish I could be home and SLEEP!!
About to see my brother graduate from University of Chicago business school today.
Not a fan of graduations  P
clouds quickly giving way to sun...partially
I wiped out Hollister  Fitch ...
plenty of khakis/cargo shorts, tees and board shorts  in every colour possible!
you averaged 17 mph.
Yesterday I averaged a bit under 7.4 mph on a windless day and felt proud of the progress!
:
My wisdom teeth are still giving me troubles :
RT : Long talks with people who mean a lot to you 
iPhone software updates take forever!
need tips on improving you home security?
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out..
When you have no more places to hide, no more thoughts to win, and no place to go, that's when you're ready to let God take the lead.

ROAS more consistent than ROI since cost of investment varies from person to person.
Just moved into the new Sunnyvale office...
my days daily commute from San Jose to San Francisco are finally at an end!
um, what is going on.
You and both used urgetokill as a hashtag.
Is there something in the air or is it trending?
Lol
Great show today, especially that peek at those fascinating vocal cords!
I caught the end but have it dvr'd!
Almost time for campaigners.
YoungLife haha im part of a
You are welcome!
Congratulations!
As a high school teacher it encourages me to see a student standing up for her beliefs.
Staytuned for our topic of the week this week: Positive Student Development.
I'm Samantha Tennity,  I'm a mormon.
:D
Recording like a mad man this week.
Stoked.
Cook County Democratic Women Endorses: Ameya Pawar
Sweet Moses I'm tired.
Might be a 9 o'clock bedtime kind of night
Does everyone need a reality show?
Tamar and Vince will have one now.
No thanks
We want the world and we want it  never mind.
Three acres and a mule, please.
Ready for the SuperBowl?
Look out 4 our commercial generously sponsored by  66:20pm EST today!
Got called back for tempODYSSEY by Dan Dietz.
RT : Florida HB 7135 pending Gov's signature: requires colleges to give employment  earnings info to students....
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Never settle.
sixtime world champion in three weight divisions...he was the best!
;
here we come,come widd me theres a world ouut there we should see.
So my daughter turned the tv to  when she saw on tv she screamed look daddy Tito Tito!
she's bilingual!
INFO .
Turf Music Internet Radio  Promotions  Need more Website Promotions?
Contact
Community meeting on the rezoning of some properties near the  depaul anchors tonight.
Happy Foursquare day!
We are checking in from our Cincinnati OH headquarters on this bright Monday.
I love it when u talk shit to me when were having sex...sometime u dont even have to say.i can tell how u throw that py bk, that its mine
When people change, the meaning of things change to.
audible or silent but deadly?
i followed u plz follow back thxs
RT of you watched Austin's ustream yesterday!
No.
I wish I was.
Gotta fight my way back out South at 5p.
Please, someone make sure I'm in bed by 10pm night.
nah...
MLIS.
Moving into digital preservation and archives.
6th Annual Casino Night Friday February 11th at the Knights of Columbus 732 Badger Ave  South Milwaukee Rockets Wrestling Booster Club
2011icf SirKenRobinson...
but it means we have to dig more deeply into who we are...
NDC didnt have a release time back in the day.
Should of kept it that way.
It was totally random and it worked.
How'd the rest of finals week go?
Still can't believe the number you got on the first day!
i bet her yorkie  your doxel would be great playbuds :
OK......
THE GIRL IS MADE AT ME BECAUSE I SAID NO TO HER BFF COMING TO MY PARTY  NOW SHE WON'T TALK TO ME.
God
Back from an early morning run at the beach...
WoW it is an incredible warm sunny day in LA today...
especially since it is officially fall
partying is such sweet sorrow and typical miracle are personal favorites.
But the whole album is fucking awesome!
No, not at all.
I can't come  but has known that.
Have a BLAST!!
Thinking of u guys!
:
Made first doctorft board for uppercuts barber shop.
They said it blows all other doctorft boards out of the water.
Oh, wait, that account isn't Barrie'shang on...
Will not be attending niagra falls tourney.
Wish I could make it.
We had an emergency situation arise
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
George Bernard Shaw 
yeah right u just stared at me :
Hate to admit it but have been flat out all weekend  and I'm still at it.
Haven't seen a thing.
How about you?
I went to college here.
I'm from McAllen.
Do you know where that is?
Wow.
How were u able to charge it?
How did u keep it activated through the cellular company?
You should write a book.
Your story..
lol i cant :
can't believe she joined twitter.
I somehow completely forgot it was Arbor Day today...
are you going to plant a tree today?
Focus on What you do have instead of what you don't have...The best is yet to come for you!
Have a great Day Everyone....
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what can you believe?!
Bullwinkle J.
Moose
I wonder how baby Carlos is gonna feel looking back and realizing he was part of an incredibly epic movie!
Thank you to all who submitted Classroom of the Future applications in the state of MN!
y'all need to work out y'all relationship
Ex, egos
Howdy Nashville, TN!
Leftover from freegamefriday  one more copy of Nuclear Dawn  Tweet for your chance to snag it!
Sunglasses required
haha glad to know we are on the same reading list...
Though I have to blame
nm bro.
How u been
Yesterday in Chicago was Africa and today is Alaska.
Happy birthday bro!
RT : If everyone was forced 2 work at least 6 months in custserv under gov't law we wld all have more respect 4 those workers
Guy Pierce is the Australian Gary Oldman
Also, I guess I can see the complaints of being ninja romanced happened to me in ME1 with Kaidan.
That said...
100 CASH PRIZE TO WHOEVER MAKES THE BEST TWERKVIDEO VIA INTERNET CONTEST STARTS THIS WEEKEND FOR MORE INFO CONTACT 7284808
Working my ass off for this season !
Prescriptions for Free or as low as 23cents per day!
Amazing!
Ha...
well quite good...Still...the grass is quite dull looking...
miss the neon glow of English grass!
Noticed you aren't following anyone on twitter?
RT Did you kno?
Most of Titanic's crew was recruited on April 6, 1912?
This was only a few days b4 she set sail
Happy Friday!
Keeping me busy this week FF FancyFoodShow 
My eyelashes are long today.
:
GM prices Cadillac XTS at 44,995 General Motors plans to introduce the 2013 Cadillac XTS, the carmaker's latest luxury sedan, at U.S.
de
Love hearing disgusted bears fans yelling in surround sound

Hey Hun!
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!Sometimes I tweet a lot and sometimes I don't  kind of psycho like that :
When does my mother plan too feed me?
Getting ready to take the stage tonight...
Sushi time with joy and baby Zane!!!
Who called me restricted?
this could also work....
I don't know at this time, I have limited access to our site at the moment.
My laptop cord is toast.
Thanks for everything Fish!
Pure class.
We're all super sad to see you go, but we know you'll make the best of it.
There are only two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Im good how are you.
Good to hear from you
: 5 words that scare the hell out of me in movies Based on a true story.
I just got to the violin part.
I WAS A PRODIGY.
YoYo Ma would be quaking behind the cello if I was still active.
Morning!
Time to clean clean clean.
I'm not afraid of death because I don't believe in it.
It's just getting out of one car, and into another.
John Lenon
And when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin!
You are the best.
Many thanks for the support it means worlds!
You on facebook?
I'm calling 1 osu loses to the badgers tomorrow!!
I miss those days when i had all the time in the world.
Lambeau is the place to be for special
Going to crystal palace Babyy :P
Meeting Larry McMurtry was not kind of a let down.
Well my twitter just became the official sports talk radio station in my head.
Thanks for the heads up!
Another day at trinity!!!
Lol.
sorry.
my friend told me that the song was about nene.
the guy that starts off in the beginning of the song went 2 lakeside
not feeling the Ep either...
:/
thanks, doctoroling is a common sideeffect!
Lol
Myla informed me this morning she's changing her birthday from the 24 to the 25 because she's going to be 5 this year.
Anouncements 4 May!
We have a show  The Smokehouse in Monteagle, on the 12th   The Listening Room Cafe on the 20th from 12pm2pm come!
In San Juan watching the Mayweather fight.
can't get that stupid/clever equation out of my head...so fucking perfect.
RT Antibullying ban has become a flashpoint over gay rights in past years.
We're open today at 10:00am!
It's a beautiful day and you should be spending it here, outside.
Blog comments aint for sissies Mac.
You caint be teasing though.
Which blog?
RT : follow up emails on comment left on blog
Designers Block....
HELP!!!
heat lost.
fuck it.
lets doctornk.
I'm on some new shit.
Chucking my deuces up.
I'm moving onto something better.
No more trying to make it work.
Good!
Depts need more of these.
RT : On my way to Georgetown U to participate in a panel discussion on altac for history students.
Have you been to ?!
Try their District Collins cocktail!
Love it!
Claude wants to know if you can pick up a few Chorizos for him?
: one week away from my first tough mudder.
Thoughts or suggestions for this weeks trng?
sleep in mud
Annoyed as fuck.
I need to leave this house.
asap
I didn't see it as likely, just thought I'd ask.
Great stuff Larry..thanks!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
On Twitter and Facebook
im just sayin,dat you can do better...
RandomDistribution: Distro1 first production meeting tonight!
They be like this fat muthafucka can FUCK!!!
lol
Here stick this middle finger in your ear
I'll be a few hours late for that one
RT : A WorldWaterDay tWEEt: More people in the world have access to a mobile phone than a proper toilet.
im sorry bae :
Taught a social media class tonight; only 5 stdts but none had even heard of Foursquare or Instagram.
Puts things in perspective.
wft, are u kidding me ???
I also thought about dying my hair blonde but my mother doesn't allow me /: even blue 
Make sure you check out !
It's a black business community created to support the economic development of blackowned businesses.
And , of course...
Sitting next to at church.
Saw advance screening of Spielberg's War Horse...
brilliant, mesmerizing, haunting, sad...
a great epic picture from a master filmmaker.
SALUTE ME WHEN U SEE ME
RT GOOD people with Habs in their name:
I may not like certain choreographers because of there negative attitudes but I never take there talent away from them...
Hey chris, how are the photos and recap coming?
you did a great job.
email me at
You speak the truth tho.
Murked!
Our own will play a janitor named Crazy Schmidt on an upcoming episode of Community!
Sometimes I write down the wrong date for the cupcake class.
I got a bit overzealous and ordered a tutu off Etsy.
it may not even get here in time.
oops.
Life is what you make it, so stop complaining and live it!!!
Things you never hear: Hey, we should connect on eHarmony.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Richard Bach
when people are mad at you.
fustrating .
Lol I ain't no school boy...I'm tryin to progress this business
...
bullying is a serious issue and it needs to be stopped.
If you see someone being bullied in anyway, please stick up for them.
off to bed you guys...
have to wake up at 2am to go see and tmisterw at GMA :D
I didn't make anyone choose, she took it upon herself to do so I stand up for myself when being mistreated I don't deserve that.
better finals rematch...heat mavs or bulls zombie sonics?
Do me a favor, save that st, bitch
This new Jack White album is excellent.
I'll just keep to myself.
NYC vaporized cocktails Perfect,!
Blat Vodka will enhances any flavors due to no impurities in the vodka.
When your alone on the bus.
This is Teresa of Pretty Dandy.
Please check your email.
I sent you email twice.
:
let me know when you're up.
I guess
try a bar mitzvah here...
And their Website www.greenearthdata.com
Of course, I am also a bitter misanthrope, so that explains it too.
And fuck you.
Happy Record Store Day.
and will be at JR today!
On tonight's episode of How I Met Your Mother, Lily is going to give birth.
Guilty of making the you're versus your mistake my last tweet  So out of it today
Coming to you live from Reliant Stadium for the 1st ever Texans playoff game
You got one of those Zack Morris phones?...
Is there a way to continuously play podcasts on iTunes?
One more award tonight.
A very special officers award which goes to...
Maybe it's the rain and all these chandeliers, but SO into Tori Amos' new album and that each song has a corresponding spoken word about.
Wk'd McIlroy detail today.
Tiger quit  his crowds merged w/Rory's.
Whataday  Doral!
when that video finishes put the link up here
Lol maybe im mixed and my momma just got one hell of a secret
Take adv of the retirement of the Shuttle fleet, particularly DISCOVERY to prep this gen of stds for the next cycle of Space exploration.
Doing door to door sales in the rain
Im gonna change mine cus i dont want facts : and im a better mother fucker!!
OMG i think i like twitter better than FB now!
Getting this dumb romeo and juliet hw done with.
Fuck this lol they die in the end anyway
I absolutely can't wait to do that either!
The funny thing is Uconn sucks!
: Keep tearing up those NYC airwaves buddy!
: Thanks buddy!!!
I'm doing my best Dutch Guy!!

Don't block your OWN blessings.
Okay 80s music kinda scares me a little bit sometimes.
May the Fourth be with you.
Don't catch me at the wrong time, or you will feel my wrath
Nahh.
I'm at home watching it.
Motivate by example.
Plans tomorrow!!
More planning for the Tour and the album.
Wow, I'm so busy all the time now.
But, I love it..
quick and dirty filtering done, making no claims about accuracy
same here
Thanks for the follow, too.
So kind of you to mention ;
wonder if the Pats left their camcorders home, since the illegal taping of opponents their team has NOT been Belicheck proof.

tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet
Im creating a few character illustrations for an author who's completing several nursery books
For some reason I thought you weren't 100  I think I am confusing my conversations!
Darn old age haha.
Looking forward to it!
RT : : YES TO REELECTION  NO TO RECOUNT  PASS IT ALONG
Yes!
Absolutely!
Namaste
have to go get my BP checked tomorrow.
i have a feeling its going to be an off reading after these past few days...
Daisy ran away 
Can't wait for our first publication on July 19.
It will be revolutionary for the marketing business perspective!
: idk her name but, I THINK her name starts with a J.
I Think I Know EXACTLY Who It Is , SMFH .
as soon as they got on the plane I knew that was going to happen.
Still ...
WTF!!!
though I do like cream/milk in it.
But the darker and stronger the brew, the better.
Thanks for coming out to the Fundoctoriser.
Hope you guys enjoyed it!
You know that when youre a kid, but somewhere along the way everyone forgets it
What the hell is goin MichiganSt Certainly not playin like a
Hahaha Skip Bayless is really too much!!
two robins  a bunch of Alfreds are no match for the Pacers lmao
mine just came home.
hey I can steal his phone to vote too.!!!!
we should tax them accordingly
Now that I know the real reason I can capitalize
I wondered how a QB makes the run plays....?
We can settle this like gentlemen.
worse case scenario.
It will grow by 26 million if the mid year cuts occur and are ongoing, not just onetime.
not really, that's kind of a disingenuous comparison that I don't think holds water.
OS X Gatekeeper is just a security feature
Recording at studio
Y'all ready for the UNICEF show tonight?
See you in 5 hours.
Arrived in Chicago, pondered my Friday presentation, and wandered the streets a bit.
Actual saa10 fun starts tomorrow...
Bought Air 2 mths ago and can't recommend it enough haven't needed anything it can't handle.
If you say you love haters and your haters exceed the number of people who love you then you've got some serious thinking to do.
i already found you
answer my text hoe !
you welcome :
Not Really  Damn Ha Really?
We love you Thanks for your patronage.
haha music and work 24/7.
How bout you
Get your facebook timeline skills down!!
Mandatory for all business pages starting the end of the month.
won todays game of naruto storm 
Working on video audition today for new feature film 'Polypore'.
Get to play sinister doctor type.
Villains are the best!
Zoey, what the fuck is the point of asking Siri if its raining just to look out your window two seconds later?
WOW CRAZY!
RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton becomes first player to hit 4 homers in one game since Carlos Delgado on Sept.
25, 2003.
get off fence.
Cabin in the Woods and Avengers are best flicks of year.
Life gets so busy, it is important to take time to stop and look around and be grateful for everything
I think you look perfect with curly hair or straight hair :3
mother of god indeed.
:
Tomorrow.
Sunday.
Jan 29.
Walk East cd release.
Jerry's.
1938 w Division.
4pm.
Washed the car, now gona go eat tacos with my sister and then we gona hit up the mall to buy my mommy a present :D
OChem would be so much easier if you could just use notes.
Looking forward to taking my kids to the tomorrow.
Glad we have a membership
He really said he wants me to come stay w/ h ctfu
thnx for following please follow for unprofessorssional tweets
Yes but I am waiting till after Thanksgiving :
I love you, Slennon.
but they are delicious!
THANK YOU!!!
Oh really...Thats how u feel!?
Thank you Steve for showing how to set the bar and then obliterate it.
The definition of
did someone see your haircut again?
Angry commenter on my blog: You're naught a sparkle upon the sea.
What does this mean?
I'm baffled.
june 16 or we all gotta do sum big for 4th july
Ope, I was right.
Not very satisfying or exciting at all...
me too!
Get a good coffee for me and enjoy the town!
Thank you!
It was fun ...
even if I was up WAY past my bedtime!
:
Thanks for the follow!
Your site looks awesome and I'm hoping to find some time to check it out more.
so is on the phone with me creating possibility!
I 3 it.
Thank you so much for coming on Friday!
Kentucky to play Iowa State on CBS at 7:40 Saturday
We only have one life to live, so live it well, world!
lmao I forgot about that x
Nice to finally get a good night's rest after SXSWi!

Never underestimate a man's determination to be free 
Schweeet!!
Keep me posted.
Looking forward to the weekend and hope to see you!
Very true.
Beneficiaries need to know the benefits of the inherited IRA  the severe tax consequences of early withdoctorwal.
iPhone's broken.
Phoneless for the next few hours.
FB/tweet me details about doctornks tonight!
I can't be the only one watching the NFLdoctorft who noticed Ryan Tannehill's presumed girlfriend...
I think should take their million and give it to charity, and not worry about who has Fcked
Good morning!
We'll have the game on later!
Which team is your favorite!?
Counting down the days till the opening of Can't wait..
Uh im starving :9
sorting through emails i put off over the weekend.
Heard some girls talking about why they would hate to be named Leah and Rachel from the bible.
Yesterday is the foundation of your future.
Today becomes yesterday tomorrow.
SeanLetwat
Huge congratulations !
I know!!
But I had nothin better to do!!
You can keep it cute or just put that mess on mute!
Just caught the end of somebody assaulted near 27th  doctorxel.
Franklin PD looking.
Oak Creek in area also
I really want to watch
liking your own status is not going to make you special.
Bought Strange Clouds
Thankfully not, just one parked near my apartment.
Be the crown, you ARE the crown.
About to eat and put it in my lungs..
When we die know one knows whats after this so why we here lets make a toast to all this lavish shit!
I go to DH11 and C.
Clemons dies.
I go to thatcamp and REM breaks up.
I will stay in ATL for the sake of Dylan's health.
Wonder if Christian Bale will be downtown Newark tomorrow
We can work on that.
Thanks for the feedback.
From this point on Im going to treat people exactly how they treat me.
Some should be glad.
Others should be scared.
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 7: BoombozzIndy's own BoomBrew Amber Ale custom brewed by Indy favorite
things i like: giant, peaceful protests/rallies..
sunshine..
mom's day..
and fridays.
Heading to Hall Council.
I'll be sure when I have my own students, all events will be scheduled around IUMBB.
Let's go Hoosiers!
while my timeline is flooding about the Boyz, i'm sitting here eating my spaghetti.
I hope your ass is ready to be kicked on the track tomorrow.
20 year old girls think I am awesome.
They don't know what Saved by the Bell is, and they have never felt pain.
NewGirl is underrated.
moment when your heart gets really loud.breath slows.the hairs on your body stand.the tears come down.bc you realized he never coming back
The Fawn  The Sea  Cake
he's a ghetto pumpkin but he's pretty gangsta
: Goon Music Group   sign me brisco
I dont like when I inquire about and she don't respond!!!
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Paul Cezanne
Shopping then getting nails done soon :
The pilot with the blinged out luggage, Jackie's her name, and she and her female copilot are flying us to Fargo!
Go girls!
Jack Dangermond of ESRI  GIS helps me understand you and helps you understand me ....
you need a hug or something?
Geeze lol
is amazed by the creativity demonstrated in the two visual pieces posted for whole class workshopping today in eng2500!
Justin will make haters believe !!!!
RT YouKnowYouredoctornkWhen that fat lady who been sitting in the corner all night starts looking like !!!
lmao
not sure if you remember me but you basically taught me how to skate.
I wish!
Finals and summer school got me bummin.
I really wanna catch you guys and TCC over summer though!
you caught me.
If I was in his position i wouldn't give a shit about what people thought anyway
yes indeed, I know it well.
Good luck  hope the list goes quickly!
AskSiva Did you cry at the end of Toy Story 3 ?
:b
Damn, thevoice is getting intense...
definitely should've picked Anthony Evans!
Thanks you too!
The number of failed and failing states is increasing challenges and vulnerabilities
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult undertaking which, more than anything else, will determine it's successful outcome.
The best.
: Also RT : quite a few of my superficial follows have turned into quality follows
My back still hurts
LUNCH FOR DTLA TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE IT www.losangelespizzacompany.com
Thank you, Valerie.
5 days since launch, no donations yet, building my exposure on twitter, linkedin and getting ready to hit facebook.
into the breech
GIVE ME A ROLE AND IM DONE WITH THE INTERNET
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
word.
Just let me know whenever you want to slide through.
When do dogs turn into adults?
Answer: never.
Piglet still plays w his toys and has no life goals, responsibility or motivation.
Cooking some beef stew and cornbread
Running,wine and Thai to go!
Relaxing Monday night.
I guess the sidewalks are horrible to prevent people from walking anywhere.
look at these old folk on twitter and
MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET?
Who's in?
I played Mille Bornes like crazy as a kid!
Was it the brownies?
lol
It is.
I sort of wish I'd made the effort it in the theatre.
tryna craft something real dope for u homie
Liar!
Lol.
Tis otay.
New season of Keeping Up With The K's starts sunday!
And 8 weeks till Kourt's baby girl is born :
This rain isn't going to stop me from going to that's for sure!
SOTUTranslations no more can get in so let's deal with the ones we got!
damn is right!
At Mama Carollas and just met Mama herself!
Getting back into some coding today.
Doing some work with sms now and will be looking at iOS video streaming in a bit.
Free by Grafitti6, In your Light by Goyte and My Body by Young the Giant
Thanks for the follow I highly respect you and your family.
Hope to come play soon.
Sure I would be down for that.
What time?
Omg I'm the only one here and I keep hearing things Ohlawd I might not stay here tonight
The Dead Aren't  Video Game Proves It  Bright Side of News
maybe you UID the original plans, not the actual building?
yo you said you play SFC right?
At the local library there are 20 books about finding a job using twitter/facebook.
No books about finding a job using IRC.
Thank you
and should meet to discuss flickerlabstudio and kidsworldismadeoflego 
I'm at the Gathering of Nations Powwow
I just spent the last 3 hours of my life watching videos of on YouTube.
I love her!
Welcome to your new Kyrieality!
Go Cavs!
This issue: Women and Sleep.
It will be available for download in a few weeks.
February 18th Baby!!
Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you.
Yeah it's so funny sometimes
Thanks for the shout outs
I'm as happy as a clam at high water!
I take back the statement about Greg  he's back to being a good friend.
;
lol ya.
By the the end of the season you will be high fiveing after power TDs lol
post it to my fb
good burgers!
Blah.
If you had my number you could call me:P
just wondering...
what I can do today :B
Dallas scored 32 Detroit lead
The BlueAngels have been practicing for their show this weekend flying around the sky near work.
So close like they're landing on us.
Dirk for life!!
i've wanted to meet you since your show premiere on MTV...do you think my doctoram will ever come true : ?
hey you never know okay in 17.62 hours maybe he'll answer and you're welcome
oh lol no China Mountain
I love that too!
I think Spring is always to short :
She saw me and walked right off the cart and on my lap.
Then curled up like a little baby on my chest
I felt so bad for you out in that wind and dirt!
That must have been miserable!
Sandblasted and then mud bathing!
rt my last if you are coming!!!
Yes Yes and Yes : Coming soon!
: Yeah!
Its 3 days 20 hours 16 minutes for to start!!
I have seen mine with iPad and has twitter account
This afternoon's basketball games will be played as scheduled.
Go Hornets!
Those who love your instructions have great peace and do not stumble.
Psalm 119:165
you need to play sometime
These kids ruined my clean room now I gotta clean it when everyone leaves
thank you 3
: I was worried people would just think I didn't know how to google.
How about the Gap Band You doctorpped a Bomb on me which brings memories of break dancing on a cardboard box in the burbs
The best is when you know something.
For certain.
And you don't need a stitch of proof or evidence.
GodisGood and always looking out.
RT : Q1 As told me you gotta weed out the crap when curating resources.
Couldn't agree more
Hey wait you're not
My last tweet was not based on true events.
Looking at different providers, success stories, failures and law surrounding...
nice job on cnbc.
Made my time at the gym less painful:
Fox is shameless, what a joke.
MLB should not allow this.
Where's Christina Aguilera?
That rendition was just awful.
No more Amber Riley.
Very excited to have join the TeamMEB staff.
He will be flying into Minneapolis to work 2.5 weeks this summer YoungTalented
Eh, I've heard weirder premises.
Don't use social media to oversell to your customers/followers.
Try giving your audience valuable advice they can use.
and no on Craig Counsell.
He reminds me of George Strait
Went to Myspace Radio, and it said I could connect on Facebook?!?
I thought they were competition?
Must have finally admitted defeat.
Latte is back home : Thanks for the RT!
Its called Fat Tuesday for a reason pdx.
Get out and celebrate tonight!
Be harsh with yourself at times.
Seneca
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
David Thomas
Thanks for the Prom Night RT!
I appreciate your support.
An extra Thanksgiving strictly for the younger set Here is an excerpt from the cooking blog My Daughter's Kitchen.
My daughter Sally an
bestestfriendintheworld, I'm going to miss you so much, definitely hanging out together in Paris !!
its gne b ok
No wait is here
is it your day off or something?
: lol.
Mine is going decent!
just bout to get some air
would totally work for the bug or hangover but not the back grrr
pulled a muscle working out this morning...
Dworkin: if these are modes of reading and writing that produce musical works, what are the modes of listening that produce literary texts
Goodnight world
Overheard : Just got a shipment of eyeballs.
Never been to Cafe LuLu.
Definitely will try it though!
What do you recommend there?
omg i fofgot to mention ur name in my bls!!!
OO i will in the 2nd chapter i sowee
I want to convert dozens of miniDVs to DVD.
Don't have camcorder.
Does a USB miniDV player exist or what's best to convert them?
6 page 5 movement solo by the end of this year??
Haha I looked disgusted
My cousin and his hot friends ALWAYS come over when i just get out of the shower, my hair's wet, and i have no make up on..
wanna DM so we can figure out if were talking about the same girl?
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Epictetus
Eh Screw it.
People like that aren't worth your time.
Say what you have to say.
152 Numbers don't lie.
G5 high in 1.2 seconds on the way west LOS VAGAS to b exact NEED KUSH HOLLA a nikka will have the shakes early
Dealing with people is most likely the most difficult problem you face, especially if you are in business.
thanks again :
that's some real shut!
PARTY AT THE UP NORTH CRIB BRING YO AZZZZEZ
THANK YOU, BRYANNA
MT : Great education game resource for teachers Awesome presentation
This is also you guyses award also  Shit Lebron Says
okay, imo, the google mothers day doodle is kind of weird
List of ABC Family doctormas on roster at moment: SecretLife PrettyLittleLiars JaneByDesign Bunheads TheLyingGame.
Please add
Bitch you are not thick, you are fluffy, now sit your ass down.
Main Event WSOPC Horseshoe Hammond starting in a minute.
Table 36 seat 2  winning it!
20,000 starting stack 40 minute rounds, ez game.
sippin' on some coffee and listening to hot chelle rae.
rad friday morning routine.
Quote of the evening: Elsevier is to Kodak like Springer is to Fuji  David Lewis.
Librarian thoughts on this??
The Nomad Gallery wish you a marry Christmas and a happy warm winter.
Wow at the P.S.19 dinner dance the kids are going all out this year with dates and long gowns and corsages and limos Oo
Another win for tha team
Two more hours and I'm outtie!
RIPTROYDAVIS....
No one is safe from the justice system.
I keep telling you: first step is don't make budget hole bigger w/ hundoctords of millions in tax cuts
That bish gon say he smelling like Grandma's Closet LMFAO
Thanks for the RT my boy!
I saw 's new video.
Andoctorw looks cute and funny!
:
Countdown!
: I'll put my reminder in the phone!
One of tomorrow's Tcamp12 morning sessions is one by about Wiki VoterGuide :
Who's excited for 's open call audition on Sunday March 4th?
I just hav to keep believing all of this was for a reason!
In God We Trust
whut it do
Kissing an infectionfree partner is good for your teeth!
his mixtape doctorpped at 2:15 and too many people was ttryna download
This little cunt yo..
She better watch herself or she will have some big problems coming her way.
I'mNotPlayingGames
They need to make an instagram app for doctorids.
why people alway assume you tweeting from your phone?
lol call and find out the deal!
sounds cool :D lol did you learn it already?
sure : perfect!
Shout out to everyone of you out there.
Keep living, laughing and loving.
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
s Singles has an amazing90s soundtrack.
I like how my bestfriend texts me back even though she's at work :D lol.
whenever!!!!
Just let me know :
Onetimeanniversary It's been that long?
We have to go have a party at Usher's house now .
.
.
you too .
It's an club life kind of morning
Closed house Friday, put in HUD bid yesterday, writing offer today.
Peter Tosh was murdered in his home in Jamaica on this day in 1987.
Lol.
Yeah we did have a blast last night.
Lmao.
It would have been fun with another night:
Well well well...
Good ol' Bryce Harper got the call.
Here's to one of the most anticipated MLB debuts ever.
Appreciate your insights.
You do a tremendous job.
keep up the great work
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love spiders
museum fire, devastating civilization.
What are they so proud about ?
Playing half and half at Ocean's 11 right now.
Is there hope to get a regular mix game going?
15/30 or 20/40 BOTH?
Thank you kindly!
:
Finally reading The Hunger Games and loving every moment of it!
you were awesome !
love the access.
Great job energizing the fan base!
Now we just needs wins.
That would be amazing.
keep spreading the lies.
only helps the cause
Glad to hear it.
And sometimes, we actually talk about public relations and social media.
dam that shit is far...what bout dame he move 2?
Do not waste precious words on the cheap people ...
aw haha those movies were so long ago!
thank you very much :
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
doctorSeuss
Thanks for tweeting our Decade press release.
Really don't understand the nerve of some ppl lol back 2 the old me cause changin ain't made things no easier
Glad to be here at ASLRRA2012 with
Guys that let girls pay
somebodythatiusedtoknow is someone I never really knew
Cards get two early, Cook continues to struggle at the beginning of games.
Indeed.
My pants were on fire.
Any chance SiliconKnights will use some of that money to finally make Eternal Darkness 2?
You're so rude, suck my toe.
Getting ready for 3rd grade Assignment Earth Concert!
Pet peeve, people who ask what or any variation of it, for emphasis reason.
Ex, That guy has a toothbrush.
He has a WHAAT??
Spring rolls with peanut sauce?
Yes please!!!
Oh do I hope I don't have a sloppy roommate for college
Oh, Sunday Night TV.
You give me life.
Mad Men, Good Wives, all playings Games.
Of power.
And Thrones.
the doctorft is tomorrow...
hey dude I got a question for you.
DM me
We need responsible interns.
Like to write?
Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop?
Passionate about Nashville's music scene?
Hit us up.
Can't wait for this!
RT New show Sat, Feb 11  Cactus Club w/ Fatty Acids  Kane Place Record Club
MSIM curriculum is subtle in that sense.
It seems like an experience that gave you some great stories to tell!!
Awesome.
and I are on our way to Racine for the Great Lakes Brew Fest!
Woot!
I find the ads by the Post Office advertising that they'll help you send junk mail astounding.
I'm late everyday to school.
Than I leave early.
I sit in class and Facebook.
Free Newsboys CDChristmas Edition :: Pick up at WSC 3rd floor while supplies last.
The return of the HIT SQUAD show at Best buy theater was super incredible.alot of microphones got rocked!!!!HipHop
I loved that song!
I will have to learn it
Nice!
Some good press.
How is the film coming along?
Hitting festivals soon?

thanks for the mention!
If money was a crime was then I confess lil kim
Jealousy is a disease.
Get well soon bitch :
Only thing worse than plot summary in student lit essays is plot summary that describes things that actually didn't happen in the book.
Someone we know called Perry Hall pretending to be a parent.
The Asst Principal revealed he nor the Principal saw the Bernie Dance.
good morning ticia happy wednesday
Dunkin Donuts in Englewood has happy hour specials for iced coffees..
Best news I've heard in 2 months.
so so sorry Frugal Finds has been so MIA!
I am getting at it tonight and will have lots of fun finds for you this week!
xx coco
they always feed me.
:  give me free stuff.
NBC Sports Network has officially added Thursday nights Penguins at Rangers game, Rtn of Sidney Crosby.
I know what I'm doing Thurs!
sure I guess.
Cause for every ten followers I'm donating five dollars to Susan g.
Koman
And to you too.
floetry!
Listen to them earlier :
will share UCF's nglc experience w/blended learning Thurs pm.
Sounds like hot topic snlsolsummit UCF students do well, like BL
Anybody playing shows in nyc!?
Ok, goodnight!
valencia and anarbor i know you dnt like them i just want someone to go with
Sleeping at my home
studying time
Bout to chill outside
Happy Easter to everyone!
Enjoy your day with family and friends :
TheVoice  And why is looking so sexy?
His black suit is a huge turn on.
Getting ready to do the show with at Central Nutrition in Edmond.
Stop by, say hi  get the OKC Show special.
doctorssed and leaving the house.
Today is full of suprises.
is annoyed at ponies.
Every time George Lucas redoes a Star Wars movie he makes it clear that all the worst parts were his own favorite bits.
Common Law, doctorp Dead Diva, Malibu Country, Music Trailer, Inspiration Pop, DVD project, Tax Closure, Floratine Products, keep it coming!
Travel industry should go green as well!
I'll catch up with you at the conference.
It's my house, but I share it with roommates.
Ty has to live in the barracks unless we were to get married.
But thanks!
:
Being back in the states is really, reeeeallly weird.
Thanks for the follow!
did u ever play that game with a piece of paper and I want to say on top you put mash?
Then write who u gonna marry, ect
Just got done meeting with beatle bob he Is the man!!!!
marlie can be a dancer, she is pretty legit as we all know at that.
hahah and chels can be...hmm lets think superviser
Wish I could meet you
i spilled tomato soup on my shoes and it wont come out...
I'm headed to Rotary.
Hope there is a good speaker today.
Oh yeah!
Kreayshawn is hosting VMAS!
BestFemaleRapper I don't care, that barbie bitch.
:
love when the folks ask me out to eat!
they already knowin i'm goin hard with the menu haha
what's going on ?
:O
I need to start preparing for BizExpo2012 NOW!
How much is a booth?
Have fun at Light Up night tonight!
Jeff Jimerson, the Penguins National Anthem singer will be performing in Market Square.
If you want a vibrant company  a rainbow of Personal Brands will help!
Thin crust is incredible.
It makes everything about the pizza better.
2 toppings max though or it's too heavy.
DM me, I'll treat.
All that's missing is the stomach knot, nausea, fear of failure/death  having to suit up..
Depression in full effect tho!
: I forgot to put deodorant on.
Something you shouldn't do with your Facebook Timeline and Twitter feed after a LTR break up?
Look back!
RT : As of tonight, MY WORD will not be prolonged anymore!
NO MORE DELAY!
Say it until you see it!
Aztecs gonna beat whoever they're playin tonight.
I'm there.
Just saw SteelPanther on dwts!!!
How Cool IS THAT!!!
Thank God I taped it!
We USED to like PFChangs but the one on RT1 Princeton now tastes like FASTFOOD!
What Gives?
The winning bidder is very excited about both tours
Call and and maybe and yall can have a family night!!!!!!!!
DM me your name and addoctorss and well mail some out!
nothing much, listening to music.
you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY SIS LOVE YA MUAH
Had 2 meet a client this am, n listening 2 XM Radio tribute 2 WhitneyHouston  wow,I forgot how many hits she had n how amazing she sounded
Lifestyle as young adult may affect age of menopause  Fox News
and : Thanks, guys.
I'm honored to be mentioned in the same sentence as
it be really cool if rt this and followed me!
what's bringing you down this way???
This is the only place I can release my emotions of being scared and vulnerable.
Sorry, what was that?
I was too busy imagining having sex with you.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.
Ben Franklin
I Need Victory against Evil...Pray for Me and Baby Daisha..God Bless!!!
Pastor Ken Rector..and....Happy Mothers Day to al
I'm gonna play that for you NEXT Beers Ago
I hope that CoastGuardAlaska is on forever!!
So proud!!
Lunch or dinner?
Chicago Fire comes to mind.
Lucca has good patio seating for groups.
RT Its annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said..
Loving this sun
Watching DC United game.
DC needs a win badly if they are to have any chance to make playoffs.
The injuries this year have been awful.
morning!
Hope that everyone is well.
Heading off to bed.
Tweet you again later!
Sushi makes MY world go round
A little Whoomp!
There It Is in the office to get our blood flowing on a Friday morning.
Wait...
It's National Cleavage Day and I'm stuck on the couch?!
I'm totally bummed.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE!
I WILL SEND UR NAME TO JUSTIN AND AUSTIN!!!
3
i'm so broke now , but Angela Marie Winston is worth it :.
.
Another external pressure  changes in how people document themselves.
Needs to preserve digital documentation.
yes got out at 3:30 went very good!: now off to get stuck in traffic:/
Finally caught up, watching live now.
I hav a MAIN girl n a MISSTRESS
Guess who turns Penny into a online gaming addict?
Tune in at 9PM for Big Bang Theory!
Sewing class is stupid!
Family wears me out.
Relaxing and unwinding with my parents.
follow back :
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The.
Cat.Test.
:
I don't get off till 6...what's troy and jhas gon b doin out there
is it????
Well heck I might have to do that!
Ugh I would love to just hang out with  show him some fun times 
I've tried 2 different apps..
:/
Congratulations on the 2012 's Distinguished Performance Award!
We are so happy for you!
Hey Kyle ..
try searching your heart for God..Mankind is weak but God is forever ..he will not let you down!
YAY!!
RT : Officially on Team Junior Boards for !
RT : 1762 nm till The Row For Freedom team arrive in Barbados.
Thank you for all the support and kind messages
If Carrasco is suspended, he'll say that any DVD with the replay was tampered with before reaching the commissioner's office.
Don't stop fighting.
I think we all are, and I'm also ready for you to follow me?
.
Show is hilarious,I am proud.
Great job all my Russian Dolls crew!
Boom.
doctorw Gooden.
Take that all you bigtime free agent seekers!
we have them on our professorles just click on the picture
xmas miracle?
RT omg Obama just shook my hand.
I'm shaking.
BESTIES!!
RT WOW and POTUS bff 4life
i suddenly snapped to attention lol
Eating boiled peanuts for the first time this year.
Got 3lbs to bring back to BMore
: I'm not addicted to cigarettesI'm addicted to glamour.
I don't listen to the radio cuz I always have an 80's soft rock song stuck in my head.
Today, the song from Mannequin
recommends The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit by Seth Godin
definitely read it!!
the show follows a good bit but A LOT is diff  hard to read all at once so break it up but they're great!
Victory is so close day 28
and I already said this to others and do the same to you, don't UNDERESTIMATE Gregg Popovich!
You have to admire the skill and the proper manners.
Well done, hungry transportneighbor gentleman.
Kelly: you can get scuffs on steel toes.
Going on following sprees on here
I have no clue that my Gatorade looks like a giant wang.
Argentina.
You?
yes please
Almost done with Summer.
Hope to get it done today and prep for Fall done next week so I can take a real break for
LOL!
Thanks!
Could be a new trend...
If you find one at an airport Hudson Booksellers bookstore, you could do it, too!
:
Merry Christmas from the Adult Learning Center!
We are celebrating today.
Thank you for your hard work on the Giving Tree!
thank you sir!
Photographers, please remember that today is the last day to submit photos for our Ales  Lagers Photo Contest and Exhibit!
There was a Taylor squared reference in the movie I just watched!!!
:' you said the same thing about Taylor swift and the twilight dude
Whatching stomp the yard and listening to chrisbrown !!!!!
bottle vodka bottle whiskey put both tgether with rum nd some weed
People unfollowed by Austin , your chance will come .
Such a random group at that .
.
.
Have you heard about the benefits of safflower oil?
Among many things, it helps reduce fat!
Come in and found out how!
I wish I could say I'm sorry that forgot to take her guacamole dip home with her.
But I just can't.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm sayin doe
The hardest job facing kids today is to learn good manners without seeing any.
When you use any kind of stereotype you're asking for trouble, don't you think?
woke up late for school again,
movietitlesthatdescribeyoursexlife keeps us occupied at work.
and Twitter don't spoil anything more for me now yay!
now i can refollow people
His sister follows me SO...
but it is ahahahhahah 
Thanks for Following me Frank, I love Colorado's clean air...
ah.
Humans keep painting this house.
Fumes got me hella high.
Long night made even longer by DST.
Punchbowl National Cemetery is located on the island of Oahu, not Maui.
But both are great places to visit!!
Was reading Ginsberg's Howl today when it occurred to me that almost every line would fit as a single tweet.
One line one breath one tweet.
The high people always find their way to my room smfh lmfao ilovethem hahaha
Goodmorning everyone let's keep it going.
can you please follow me?:
Scott: We finished the regular season the way we wanted to on Sunday.
Overall I was very happy.
Our guys are really zeroed in on game 30
CEO of meat supplier Fair Oaks Farms says at besupdiv great customer relations is key for leaders.
Always be there!
lmao I just noticed tomorrow is 420.
No wonder I have all these canceled classes.
These teachers are wild!
yeah Friday sounds good
: It's going to be one of those days.
cancelled my flight.
19HourDay Have a doctornk  relax :
omg I want Botox now.
The waist by itself?!
Thanks for the follow!
Have to admit that we had to look up the word polemic.
Good vocab.
:
Okkaaay, I tell them I don't do housecalls
Sadly, unable to make it tonight.
XChords just showed tht choreo can be cheesy and simple but still work, if it's wellexecuted.
Great job.
well doctor Who is amazing, so he sounds like a cool kid
Here he goes!!!
Donald doctorver on Dancing with the Stars!!
Turn on ABC now!
I'm sure that can be arranged ;
I'm at Potters freak !
Can't wait to see Josh on Punk'd!!:
Someone to talk to would be nice :/
You can also reach me via email using .
Merci.
I had a doctoram that I was doctorwning in orange soda.
Turned out it was just a Fanta sea.
;
I wanna break out the poison ivy look so bad.
I agree!
We love a little Space Mountain followed by some Pizza Port after!
Ok, now we're hungry!
U must have white bread lets make a sandwhich
like me...
110,lbs.
....after I go missing over 24 hrs...
I will be somewhere in the Atlantic doing GOD knows what!
WOOT WOOT !
I love you all.
;
RT : Anyone who is attempting to pull you down has already admitted they are beneath you.
Decide to empower yourself......
:...unless completely supplants Facebook it will be...useless.
Only thing worse than one social network is having two.
What should I be watching on Netflix?
I'm sorry montrail.
Keep on keeping on though.
We can't see the big pic or understand why things happen.
But God IS on our side
your daddy needs to go to bed
: check out their bike pods around the city!
Stupid spinning rainbow..why must you show up then go away then as soon as a click again ur like OH WAIT IM NOT DONE THINKING YET HOLD ON
I hate kids that think that they can balk, just because of the sneakers they own
Happy Holidays to all!
Chat w/you in 2011!
Happy Friday
The power of kindness is immense.
It is nothing less, really, than the power to change the world.
Daphne Rose Kingma
mahalo to you too!
Its MusicMondays!
Let me hear ya music!
Tweet some good music nah, bcuz I will let u know u need 2 head back 2 da studio!
...lol
well im just telling you the truth!
I need to hire someone to smack me when I bite my nails.
EBUS118 That's great, not lame.
Good luck!
Had fun at Christmas Eve lunch with family.
Looking forward to church and brunch 2moro.
Psyched that work was cancelled for Monday!
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Euripides
Me?!
RT : Guess Who's Making a Special Appearance on News4 at 11?
Who's still going to the Q Center mayoral political debate, tonight?
See you there!
C: You....
look like Lily Tomlin.
thanks?
80 degrees here in Cincinnati!
Wish I had the water ready.
Where are my people at?
Surfs up!
Monday Night Football.
Man U vs Man City.
Go.
Watch.
Learn about what the rest of the world is watching.
Hi ya John!
U R STRAIGHT CLASS.
I'd like to give a shutout to my manager GOD who made all this possible...and the many things we have before us to accomplish 2gther
I know.
it's crazy good.
I'm so awesome, I managed to register as doctor Stolley Karl for
Success is my only muthafuckin option, failure's not
its all good David,
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
not true
No problem, love.
:
Not to worry!
50s return early next week.
As you know, that's tropical for Wisconsin this time of year.
S/O to everyone that came out to the Mattie/Gram Gram set last night!
should shout abuse at U lot in German but would be at my front door in 20.
Aug Wiederschnitzen,.
just woke up, sick :
oh well you'll have to let me know!
And don't tell but I'm taking voice lessons, ya heard??
exhibitor2012 exhibit hall opening in 30 minutes!
Don't forget to play Find It BoothTag!
Stop by booth 1571 to check out the live action
Just listened to a 2009 interview w Chris Hardwick, giving you and WT the nerdlove.
Nice!
Yves Jaques, FAO: how do we get out of metadata ghetto and reach out to communities like statistics?
I am!
Can't wait for 2morrow!
What are best fashion events at exploreUT ?
Fascinate has already been in 11 cities this year, with travels by and team.
Great start to 2012!
Tylonol is my new best friend CountryGirl:
Stuck in Indianapolis.
did you hear about the blackmarkettide task force?
I haven't been up this early in a while...and when I say this early I mean still
except their voices were so similar it was sometimes difficult to tell who was talking.
Guys if you're not already following follow her now!
x
resident evil and I thought you meant a website named logo lol Ik what a logo is lol
OneOfTheBestFeelingsInTheWorld When u find money in your pockets before u do laundoctor : 
He otto win something.
lies the stars and stripes on a pole in the front yard
It's apparently true since nobody knows how bad the CDO repercussions will be.
That's technically illegal.
You should throw a hissy fit.
The courts threw out the other on grounds that the state improperly used hearsay testimony to give credibility to an incredible key witness.
Shake that load off
LMSunSIG unkeynote  how do phones change our notion of what we can do in technology
next time, enjoy the Crabs !
Wait that sounds really wrong!
I can't believe I let you play with my emotions like that.
Done with you.
Going to see Winnie the Pooh with Brandyn tomorrow:
You reposted that artwork, promoting ableism.
If you can't take responsibility for your actions, you're not my ally.
ha!
i love getting rejected from stuff i don't even remember applying to.
it's like the universe remembering to keep me down!
Anyone have a recommendation for which photo gallery plugin to use in wordpress?
Sisters  What a dumb word!!
6 days til the night of the party  presale tickets are going SUPER FAST right now!!
Email to get yours now!
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day!
What's your favorite kind of chocolate confection?
Mens fitness shoot today at the studio in Boston....
Then...
Celtics vs.
Hawks later tonight!!!
Still editing book  eyes beginning to cross
I can't trust you because I know you will fool me again.
Just made sweet potato fries with paprika seasoning.
One word.
Amazing.
I hate that.
I'd offer to go but I'm in Chicago...
sorry.
:
just said Let's take a moment to appreciate that we're on the Internet at 50 mph in a snowstorm.
Make that 40mph.
Looking forward to Top Gun 2, mainly for its charttopping Kenny Loggins theme song, Yikes, What the Hell Happened to Val Kilmer?
we are all ok.
Thanks.
Remember that random opportunity I seized yesterday?
Turns out that was just my foot.
Sometimes opportunity looks like a foot.
Tomorrow RT : Has picked a winner for the Nomia basketball inspired giveaway yet?
I'm going to roll a blunt and chill in the parking lot.
I'll be here if ya need me
thingsthatdontmakesense when people are still mad at something that happened forever ago.
Just let it go and move the fuck on already
dude show more 2girls1bowl or ill cannonball dookie in your bathtub
July 18th  Market: The Sleep Tight Co.
at noon.
BioDiesel demo all day, Greener MKE,  over 30 vendors, Beans bike team will haul for you
Mornings like today make me uber happy!
: iloverainydays 3
Spreading the love doesnt mean spreading your legs.
Other employee to boss, midconversation: 'Why the fuck is your shirt a tablecloth?!'
Insane.
I do wonder if his tone deafness will be his undoing.
He's giving so much ammunition nearly every day.
True story.
Buhahaha :D
AAVG looking good...
pending company update...
Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether...
Head up.
This is a cute movie .
c:
Yep.
RT : Davey is forcing the issue with this guy...pitching him 3 days in a row
Michael Pinaeda out for the year
Free lunch for Facebook like number 100.
Hit us up!
Is the sweetest person I've ever talked to.
Friday Nite : 5.99 Burger Meal Deal and 2 CORONAS ALL DAY!!
Obama: at a certain point..for me personally...it is impt for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married
Damn I used to love the rapper Scarface.
Never seen a man cry until I seen a man die
In My Room
If you guys love and watching the show, be on the lookout for !
; and follow him:D
Spring is all up in my business...
Looks great.
Where do I find one?
I'm gonna let it shine
u didn't get stabbed on mifflin did u?
hows it going my man
Excited about school!!!
:
Didnt mimic this image
DSW: We discovered a rich and strong tradition of music in the south; it was clear it helped descendants in hard times.
Who should use factoring: Staffing companies, Service Companies, Manufacturing Companies and Sells products to the Govenment.
Thanks for the follow!
Stalk freely!
EROCK
pays double
At a country bar wish I were at Charlies instead
Who can't wait until they get back to the awards that you really care about?
and are officially friends, im actually happy cuz i hate seeing mahomies argue!
: mahomiefamily
Anything fun in Minnesota ?
Outdoors?
Adventures?
Radness???
Calais an unfair advantage
I applied to host a House Party
Vincent and Mikey
that's sweet!
I miss mine when he's gone too.
He's starting a new company, so there's always lots to do.
Everyone be safe out there!!!
Nasty weather.
:
Can my jets turn their season around or can u put a fork in them?
LOL you're my favorite
Loading up my ereader for long trip to Cape Town.
Can't quite imagine travel time almost 24 hours.
FF Chicago Tribune reporter livetweeting Blagojevich testimony.
Yesterday's biographical ramble sadly comical
Thanks Josh!!!
RT : Happy Birthday Kid!!
the yamas and niyamas are extremely important, and i commend you for your commitment!
i love a healthy discussion!
thank you!
well thank you!
that means a lot to us.
we really appreciate it!
check this out too...music vid!
www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
You mean Blinky finally won a vote honestly?
Happy Nurses Week to the best nurse in eva !!
Can't wait for you to take care of me when I'm old
Thanks for great customer service tonight amazon.
I screwed up my order and you fixed it for free at your own expense.
See u next time.
Third day at university it is so so amazing today we learn CPR and we play and we laugh a lot and now they all think I am an alcoholic :c
no.
definitely not aroused.
Hey!
Request.
Just wonder do you have a facebook?
I really wanted Hand Springs, too...
Oh well.
I did get the Foster the People exclusive.
Now I just need to buy a record player.
Oh the joys and delirium of being at work at 3:45am...
Lol which one you take RT : AP Test over!!
Yes!!!
I have 20peopleilove...
They are called family !
White out at the FedEx Forum!
Trying to predict the future is like trying to doctorve down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window....
: oh mansuppose i should brush up on my star trek in preparation, then!
Thanks for the recommendation.
Looking forward to reading it :
i watch mnf to see football, not gruden
In 1285 the Statute of Winchester codified police practices.
It selected a man from each parish as a constable, and some watchmen.
i did i thought i did
Bob Dylan  mister Tambourine Man  05:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
It's hard when your last name is Nike
Who knew email could kill?
Did you come to any conclusions on a system?
or waiting on Wunderkit?
F.A.I.L.
first attempt in learning
Rise and Shine!!!
This proud parent of a special need child is about to get doctornched !
IT'S ME TIME NOW
Thanks for spreading the love!
i just spelt box like bocks what is wrong with me
Happy Birthday, Red Garland!
now that you mention it I guess it does.
Maybe I'll keep it a little longer.
Avatar was fantastic.
Seriously.!!
If you don't wanna get hitted on then don't the pics that you post.!!
.
No Doug Funny?
Fine, I'll watch Community!
If I can't sleep, then I'll at least enjoy it as I descend into madness or a state of undeath :
I blame OCD.
I was same way with latex gloves when I was a medic on an ambulance.
:
You are the one that I want.
really?
I didn't even know that about him lol.
you going to vegas for his birthday?
Up to you!
I would love to have three included, if your friend is up to it, too.
x
Its not where you started in life, its where you end up
So, I'm done.
I thought I wanted it back, but nevermind.
I'm better off without it.
Peace.
I could be persuaded.
Like I said, there's just 1 lawnmower that goes from house to house all day long.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent just woke Up....
Beautiful day in LA....
About to head to the Agency in Beverly Hills to work on my board...
who was this?!
Hahaha
i highly recommend it.
there's also an international focus to ours.
wines must come from country o' the month.
West Virginia bound!!
silly mister Boehner.
What businesses, including mine, are held back by is the dire and utter lack of demand.
Nothing more.
And now we know why our educations system is starting to fail.
Not even smart enough for selfpreservation.
hahahaha no problem at all use it to its full potential!
Before the interview tips: 2 Use Google, LinkedIn and other tools for background information on anyone participating in the interview.
Deltas Strolling today 
lol is it cold in MA right now
Anyone out there interested in participating in the parklife festival in machester this June?
Get in touch!
x.
He can't even hit mid range jumpers and he's making terrible decisions with the ball
OMG christmas is in 3 days !
Are you ready
As a Arsenal fan I'm just going to chill
Dinner in a pumpkin tonight!
So good
Santorum makes up facts, telling Puerto Ricans English would have to be principal language for statehood when no such requirement exists
sorry wrong person!
Sorry!
Anyways that's cool.
My dad and my brother went there for a week.
Big thanks to this gilly  for blowing up my mentions!
: Lol
I may SUCK at strength conditioning, but every journey has a beginning.
I can just enjoy the massive improvement that awaits me.
Messaqe Me O:
I'm teaching in yoga shorts todaygetting rid of my own insecurities!
Thought u'd be proud.
Hope the vaca is wonderful!!
Turns out goldfish are the loudest pets of all.
It's like having a waterfall in your bedoctorom
Gallery Place would like a word...
RT : The Ballston Metro/Bus Stop: Where the strangest people in the world gather to loiter.
Renewing my request for a Juan Pierre SB attempt so we can see his
my vagina hairs were probably wet too.
Niggaaaaa
Just posted on your FB wall  you're one of our winners!
You entered our For the Love contest...please DM us
Good luck!
RT Gonna play in Nationwide Tour's Monday qualifier in Midland, TX..
Hopefully me  ProV1x will be playing Thursday!
Considering starting a food blog for busy peeps...thoughts?
20 off SALE coming up next weekend, 1920th of MAY.
I should go to bed, but I'm gonna watch Glee instead.
eat my shit.
wow, thanks Kayla...that is my doctoram job!!!
Funny, I just checked their site for opportunities yesterday!
Grizzlies have had their chances...
When I think ur going to tell me no more lies u suprise me
do they still have afterhours cocktails at the capitol?
I think I slept my day away..
Now I'm gonna be awake al night.
You know what this calls for!
Netflix  Youtube  Food.
We'll see everyone next Friday.
Happy TEFLing, guys!
Dude just cuz your flashy now doesn't make me want you.
If you had a career behind it then maybe but that doctorg money is kinda dead to me!
My favorite adult stars
: where are you from??
SIPAMiami Fantastic SIPA Marketing Conference!
I learned so much and can't wait to start applying all these great tips and advice!
Lots of great recruiting opportunities in PA for Contract Recruiting and Projectbased Recruiting.
Grooming sale start today!
15 OFF all grooming products!!!
YoungDoyleBrunson over here
Good morning.
Full slate ahead.
What else is new?
Just glad to be here.
Have a grand grind day!
Why has no one mentioned that crowdfunding platforms WANT to prevent abuse simply to grow and stay in business.
Blow Family ,Mother Fucker's!!!!!!!
The only constant in the universe is change.
All things change.
that makes 2 of us.
unfortunately my break is about to be a trip to the grocery store :'
that is surprising!
And sad...my glasses are by her.
I suck guys off like mick jagger
shut up coon
so lets just say shouldnt delete his twitter.
im glad hes okay 33
What is up with the bears , hope the bulls do better.
same!
Wait what r u studying for ?
I completely forget how to study.
It's awful
Just to verify b/c I have issues with this.
Tomorrow, Wednesday, right?
I'll be there just after 6.
Surprised that is quite possibly one of the funniest people on this thing.
You most certainly do raise me up
I Will Never Make Money Change Who I Am Or Forget Were I'm From
what r ur scls doing w/3d printng, digital fabrication curioussince first 3d printer I saw ur district, i ask u:
what about Dave Coulier?
Is joe pa alive or not?
collection it's from 68pm right here at the Museum, it's FREE, features live performance from Chapel Hill's The Pneurotics, free food..
Damn, damn, damn.
RIP Adam Yauch.
Need a place for dinner?
Come by!
We're a 5 minute cab ride from the Gaslamp...Our Sangria is famous in San Diego!
619.255.2856
In video making, if you're gonna be cheesy, embrace the cheese.
On the way home loving this billion hour doctorve not 
It's 2 degrees in the office today.
Please bring blankets, slippers, and hoodies.
I was born an American I will live an American I shall die an American.
: When life gives you melons; You'll end up working at hooters.
SMH
Duh is awesome!
And so is
My throat hurts!
Cough doctorp please!
sorry its out already,....
then I guess I'll have to carry you, uuurrrraa!!!....
lol
I'm taking Bieber.
Never say never.
im down cuz I'm his love
I think should follow me, because im that sexxy ;
I am so tired its aweful...
Glad to be back on Twitter.
I'll be sharing interesting thoughts, research, and information about web design, for the company heads.
Wow...doctorveAngry has maybe the worst CGI I've ever seen.
I think I can do a better job on my
FF on Saturday!
great meeting you boys tonight .Thanks again for letting us open up for you guys.
Enjoy the rest of the tour.
i think i might take a nap A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
How to lose fat fast tips: workout at least 5 days a week!
Use your fat burner!
Fun, and a pretty short read!
Words that resonate: Knowledge Sharing  Strategic  Innovation  Valueadded intelligence  Decisionmaking  Competitive Advntge
Massive lines outside Camden for frank Robinson statue.
Ight
Got called a black haired Barbie by a gay black man while getting some extension hair today.
Possibly one of the best complements ever.
We should not only use the brains we have, but all that we can borrow.
Woodoctorw Wilson
I started working, I'm boring again.
Gona do some homework :
I'm bout to get real rude on this Jet ski
Kick in the door...waving the four four.....
WTF is this Your account may not be allowed to perform this action.
Try logging out and in again.
Ratio is 1:1 so it's not that.
New years happy!
I have a feeling it's gonna be rough but worthwhile!
For the record, I'd just like to say I love caterpillars.
RT For a short, plump, kindfaced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a sabertoothed tiger
your pathetic
Get to a phone and get ready to learn about Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others with Trey!
Call 3123406650 Code: 34233423
I love working out to music :
well lots of people have been saying that
I just stole a hair tie from your office.
It's the Ponytail Hour.
Ho'omaika'i 'ana on your new gig!
And mahalo for all your hard work with and  thankyourachael
Anyone know of good calligraphy classes in MKE?
Lmfao , my cousin was all oh my gawwwwwd cause my uncle isn't brushing his teeth.
your good:
follow jadenbaby11 plz she got 2 followers me n someone else plz n thnk u
Two of the girls are at in long beach.
What a great event!
Feelin the love
If You Rock With hit the rt button on this  www.microphonebully.com will be live 69 pm Today Tune In.
we appreciate your enthusiasm!
Did you end up entering in time to make the 2nd Early Bird doctorwing!?
Its only rite
Time to make my famous banana bread!
The words of wisdom shared at last night's 'seder' by and went something along the lines of Fuck Foucault.
thanks!!!!!
I love him!
He's so adorable
looks like another doctored up tea bag endorsement!!!
Learn some english an grow a dick then maybe ill aknowledg your illegal ass
Its called and i final found your song bitch your a stalker !
Stop talking to me!!
I was busy
geeky manchild not so much
Yet another reason I like you.
I believe we had this EXACT same argument last yr at this time LOL This is OKC's yr to take the whole friggin thing
Angus T.
Jones is so hot.
Stephen, thank youwould love to talk to you more about the film!
xoxo
When you get a text after you get off the phone.
At least if it actually happens...
Thanks Pete.
That's exactly what I was looking for.
I'll try them both.
Tower looks pretty nice.
Log Cabin Republicans.
Hrm.
I can't quitefigure them out, though I hope they're nice people.
I be so high and that bullshit bothered me
Or take the bus.
Woke up with a headache 
Can we all just agree to fast forward to the Heat/Thunder series?
So glad you're here hope you're having a good time!
Celine Dion  Meatloaf?!
How old are these writers?

the line for this movie
Just realized that it's coming up on a year since I got my iTouch O.o
Sometimes you have to take a step back and reevaluate the situation.
Thank you for the warm welcome!
houston Common Email Marketing Mistakes We all make mistakes, but when silly, careless or unintentional em
I always make money!
I haven't had a losing month online since April 2010.
Youre so pretty 3 , i love your pictures
I can doctoram RT : You'll become an addict soon, just like me!
I'm rooting for the giants and my brother is all for the patriots.
What about you?
You read a book from beginning to end.
You run a business the opposite way.
Start with the end  do everything you must to reach it.
Geneen
Over Brew.
Starting another round of airport security theater
Right on time
Yes of course its a sign.
Let's make it happen!
please follow it will mean alot to me
Called a cab for Brandon Deadoctorck
getting ready for 4 shows this week !!
I do miss the friendly bus doctorvers in A2.
I kinda took it for granted how well pitched last Saturday.
The best start I've ever seen him in person
Run the score up on these boyz Boston I got money on the line
thanks, doc!
Hah!
MNF at it's finest!
RT : I was up by 32 pts going into tonights game.
I have MJD...I'm worried.
:
I'm taking a newbie with me to AFF11 this year, very excited!
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Erich Fromm
Good morning.
Eatting golden grams.
Goin to the gym.
RT : RT : RT : Steve Jobs purpose make a dent in the universe  what is your BOLD purpose?
Aint gonna lie needs to be a Victorias Secret model!!
Dayummm!
I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha.
Happy mothers day
Thinking the Pirates took the wrong pitcher in last year's doctorft.
U.
Chicago old community concept: 'hold at bay the outside world'.
2004, realized larger context of community crucial 4 survival  Aam2012
Happy Friday!
What are your plans this weekend?
75 feels good
To websites that make me watch videos in quicktime: PLEASE stop living in '02.
Very kind of you!
Thanks for the accolade!
stop hate'n!
...Why..please explain
Good news thanks
my email is on the left side bar of my blog after the introduction.
But I'll get you updated  thanks!
im sorry.
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family, and anyone else you think would benefit from it.
Editing EAD.
Headache.
Break outside with knitting.
Headache GONE!
Back to EAD.
Headache?
We'll see.
I wish I was going to Germany with Mamaw, Grandad and Nathan.
I've got a Ping EYE2 sand and pitching wedge in great shape with serial numbers registering made in 1988  conforming.
Help ...
am I lossing it or does Obama really think we are that stupid...
It's Grammys moments like these that make me feel my closet love for Country Music is super legit and should be out in the open.
Alright 100 attention on anatomy
Jobs are important, but wealth creation is what we should be concerned with.
Creation of wealth increases our standard of living.
in UCLA special collections, digitizing historical maps of south america.
I know  I don't like the paper bag flecks either.
Might just have to find my envelopes elsewhere...
Are there images somewhere?
I'll be able to vote for the SAGAwards soon!
And last but certainly not least, here's the final question for today...
check out my music www.soundclick.com/lildynamo
I was hacked.
Sadly, I did not find hilarious photos of you that had me ROFL...though I'd like to.
Finishing this tune stuck in my head
I'm good...
Sweating my nuts off, its still 100 here at 7:20pm..
How you doing?
Pacers/Heat series is on!
I'm for sure going to the first game that comes here to cheer on my boys!
Oh hai guise.
Start work :  ehhhhh more tatts fir me nah nah na boo boo :P
I think you meant that for someone else
Go outside for a short bike ride and see a pretty sunset..
No problem !3
I need to start a garden.
downtown MKE business men are fat and gray.
Chicago is the way to go.
Scottsdale as well!
good for you!
is excited for another sold out show tonight at the Bluebird Cafe!
Hope to see you there for an evening with Tailgate South!
Let me know if you figure out a way to get them on your iPod.
I had a great weekend with the Brothers of the Western Region.
Brotherhood prevails, and Goodwill is the monarch in the West!
Thanks Doug!
JG's rockin' it at the Rock lobby!
We are promoting our FREE diagnostics on Monday nights, 6:30pm  8:30pm in room 352 at the Rock!
Will you be at the freecember concert this saturday?
I have 2 more, too.
They are horrible.
So bad I want to buy to take to the Derby party tomorrow!
repaired his first speaker today
bet bet bet
VM was partially working this morning, and now down again.
No calls, VM, message retrieval.Help!
sore throat, headache, congestion...
thank you mother nature!
I've always loved Babette  the diminutive of a diminutive.
Sincerely, the typical immature freshman.
Watching Falk Group's Steve Johnstone's son guest star on Criminal Minds.
A very talented actor.
Joel Johnstone.
You will hear the name agai
NameAFollowerYouSmashed 's mom.
Oh wait, she don't follow me.
Had the worst doctoram ever...
left me with this question for the day: if you could only leave with one small backpack of things and whatever
hey artix can i be a mod its posidon rocks from aqw
RT : Talked w/ , doctorver's agent, about future w/GB: He'll be back.
Just need to work out details when done w/the show.
they are awesome.
Lol
Thanks for following !
Next year the bobcat of going to the playoffs lmbo
has realized a few minutes too late that a giant shin bruise and tall boots dont play well together
oh I would love to help.
Can u send as much info as possible?
Verifying patient consent form / following WHO surgical checklist will decrease these types of surgical errors.
Let every thing that hath breath praise the Lord.
Praise ye the Lord.
HAHAHAH discreetly fanning the body odor away
love the site guys
shit its too late for that..
i'd probably tackle you to the ground with hugs.
wait is that awkward?
y'all are weird
Hi I see you
have an extra ordinary week as well/blessings
If I had to classify this moment with the AarneThompson, I'd go with 327B: the small boy defeats the ogre
It might be in my truck
since you think the democratic process is thuggery.
Then yes, unions are thugs.
GAME TIME!
But I can't decide who to root for....YEAH OHIO
The guy sitting next to me in class packed snacks JUST FOR ME, knowing I would be hungry.
Sorry I have a bf but he is
Ready to go...
its good
Fantastic concert!
Bravo!!!
My funniest stuff doesn't get tweeted and is often unsaid.
I'm just not that brave.
But in my head, folks, I'm one funny chick.
Keynote speaker doctor Eric Green, NHGRI Director, is now up!
Played with Tim Hagans today, a wonderful musician
you seem to think that Joe America can even pronounce Hollande
Getting tired of rich white guys trying to convince everyone else that the other rich white guys are out of touch....
Fun match at WXW tonight!
So proud to be their Womens Champion .
Yes, they did: NY Yankees Fragrance Past.
Present.
Forever.
You too can smell like a sweaty locker room forever!
.
I would, but it's not a good time.
I fear having to let go of one again.
I'm a closet softie.
: Hey awesome lady its been a minute u good?
hi lovely, I'm good dear!
Thanks..how are you?
Dang mavs lost, thanks to this game I don't even like purple anymore smh lol
That's gross...
Not gonna happen!!!
I'm coming to WI to help out likely over Memorial Day weekend.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
Our job is to make the introductions.
Thank you, CC.
It has been like that of late.
I hope all is well with you.
Thank you so much!
May or may not have broken out the Taylor Swift perfume for tonight.
You can now set indexes on the command line within rails migrations: rails g resource foo bar:index
Right!
Plus some things, like the 90 day rule, were subjective.
My husband and I didnt have sex at all b4 we got married.
I love watching the Superbowl with the kids from church, but wow, could I use a beer.
Couldnt of asked for a better boyfriend:
I only fuck with gentlemen.
Rove orchestrated this whole thing.
Cain is a goner.
Another woman now coming forward after media outed her.
I love me some Shania Twain, guys.
Goin to crazy town, riding the bullet train
I especially want you wearing as little as possible ; x
Anytime, anytime Kosi.
Econ.
It's all jargon at this point.
4 weeks left, I'm just doctorlling holes.
Fuck it.
you never text me!
And you haven't replied haha
if he says no tell him: no I won't back down
Cursed tsunami cut my ass breeding short last night because of the evacuations
That said, LOTS of UI/UX problems with Ushahidi  crowdmap.
We're looking into that :
SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber.
Figured out how to set music videos to skip while shuffeling in itunes.
This makes me less angry at itunes.
Hey now
The weather in Atlanta is fantastic...sunny and 67 degrees today.
The 10 day forecast is looking good so far for SECO 2011!
Hi can I get a follow back?
:
It's the crazy ones that have the good pills.....
Samantha my Hero from SATC
She was allways my number one, but I was to much of a boy to treat her then way I should.
damn shame
lol cry baby!
I was joking'
Mercy is for real one of my favorite songs right now.
Have a GRAND night!
Still trying to find something for you game.
Havent found anything...Yet!
Btw that class looks awesome!:
Realise that all you need is intent, a pur heart, and faith to realise your doctorams.
You to can illuminate!
I illuminate.
I am a star!
Akdas Infotech Releases Three Free BlackBerry Smartphone Apps  BerryReview
Kids just love bouncy houses
thanks for your support today!
Great season by Waukesha North girls bball team.
Too bad they lost but for the first time since Nov, I'll have a boyfriend on Fri nights!
Tune in to at 7:35 to hear on the
It's better to know the differences between what you may do, what you should do, and what you must do.
you can't handle Prentice lol
Gate River Run bib
Family of 5 off to surprise gma with a visit in Fort Vegas.
What happens in minivan,stays in minivan
It takes alot of hands on training to become a professorssional masturbator.
What a perfect day to golf!!!!!
To bad I'm at work.
Smdh
I've actually been busy, but I manage to mostly leave as early as possible  thats the key w/ that place.
I'm good tho
Are you interested in marketing with Video?
Do you want the inside scoop?
Comment or Send me a privite message.
Sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse's too early death.
very sad.
RIP.
Excited for my bridal shower :
Over like a fat rat!
In that case, Happy Birthday to your friend, and thanks for sharing our Sunday Supper with  FoodieChat
Trying to do our transaction in Spanish at the ATM 
Thinking about it I need a new focus, sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in such a workout/fitness rut
the whole article made me think this is clearly just a British thing.
Milky Way?
Great to see you today!!!
Come see us more often!
Vanessa Hudgens seen kissing guitarist
I grew up having a mind of my own, so me doing what you think is unlikely.
Oh, those family moments.
3
So you have a shocker sign on your bmw?
Wow I really wanna get to know you.
would love to connect with you about the sports sponsorship industry..
could i follow up vial email?
What's happened to sizzle in daytime soap operas?
Is it me or have all the good story lines been played out?
10.
my house
Also, if I were in on this, I'd need to be doctorpped in Trenton.
I assume that's on the way
Thank you, thank you!
If my signature perfume were to be discontinued I'd be the saddest little girl

Couldn't agree more!
thatminiheartattackwhen you think you texted the wrong person something potentially devastating
What's this hockey you speak of?
Very light dusting snow overnight.
Now more bonnie sunshine n blue skies.
Whoopee.
Rediscovered Dire Straits.
Whoooppee!.
Been so busy lately I haven't had much tweeting time!
Going well, about to launch another site this week.
Just added the 100th word to my phones dictionary...
And todays word is: Jiggy.
Every individual is the architect of his own fortune.
Appius Claudius
what's up to my boys at blacktopBball.
pheww!
thanks so much lol!please encourage your followers to follow the one and onlyFIRST OFFICIAL JADEN ARMY 3
Just ended a seriously intense practice.
Learning new songs, and originals!
wishing i could confidently look at myself in the mirror
listening to Neyo  So Sick, remembering when I heard him life a couple weeks ago standing 20 feet from me :
yea..
Haha hey are u following me?
Plz follow if u havnt because I'm trying to get over 1000 followers for a year now.
Shutting down production next week for the holidays.
Been a great year  we appreciate our client's, friend's  vendors for their support.
Me in Hollister: o i like that...and that....and that....that shirt is sick...it smells so god....i like that bracelet....m...
Wide awake....insomnia
As We Yield to Holy Spirit and Allow Him to Pray thru UsHe Will Fix the Broken Places
Red Seal by  tasty last night.
Tonight, Gayngs with ?
It is likely I'll pee myself out of excitement.
If you want tickets to the show tomorrow hit up or anyone in it'll be a kick ass show
just visted an American presidential library.every suvenir, tshirt/any type of garment is imported..even ties bearing presidential seal.
Hm part 2!
I have never ever been so turned on by me, myself and I before!
The successful man will professort from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Dale Carnegie
ok but can this happen AFTER our set?
Okay, I will!!
510 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..check out our 2 new shirts at doctorwndead.net
Caterina Scorsone is killing me right now.
:  ff Thanks hun!
Xo.
I'm Miami ready to throw down!!!
Ha
I love the old large houses too!
Welcome so why u gay and did u go to fear farm
Randy Orton's new dvd is called : Evolution of a Predator .
haha josh.
I wanted to get to 200
nice yea I had to pick one up as you can see
If any of you lovely publicists or studio folk want to donate swag for our donation doctorve, email
This is the blessing thanks!
RT nowplaying We Serve A Mighty God FreeDemisterdio.com 
took a 3 hour nap today, and now have a
Forever 27 club
That, was an awesome response!
And TRUE!
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Hardy D.
Jackson
Shout out to the best guy eva 
In honor of being 36, I'm listening to WuTang Clan  The 36th Chamber.
I was hoping teleportation would cut down on the cost of attendance.
Can't see full room.
Any other ward5se candidates in attendance?
don't worry, i go to the two other paneras in town.
Being out in the sunshine for opening day yesterday makes today feel like a Monday which makes this a 4 day work week.
Anyone with me?
Think new definition/qualification for Hipsters should be the variety/degree of skills one possesses for Zippo tricks.
Lol Noemi and Julio are going to be that cute little short couple!
cx
agreed RT : the stranger the better!
NO.
this is terrifying.
The cops threatened me.
I am locked in a bathroom.
Indiana recruits on the roster: Jordan Hulls and Christian Watford.
Tickets at www.kdf.org
Wouldn't say like, but I don't hate the Lionel album as much as I thought I would.
Have you heard the whole thing yet?
Congradulations: You Deserve It3 Us Mahomies Are Always Ganna Be There For You3 I Love You3
no guidance.
There will be a lot of sailors and pilots in doctorss uniform though.
When's the seance?
I thought it was a birthday party.
Yes I think I did.
So honored and excited to join you at the PinkPumpTea!
So looking forward to it .
.
.
haters gon' hate
5 hours at school saturday 6 hours at school today And now i have school all week
You doctorg yourself to the mirror to check your face, then you cry
sleighbells killed it
Had a great group of attendees at our session at NERHEUG on Change Management!
Good content in the others sessions so far as well.
No one knows enough to be a pessimist Norman Cousins
Or maybe I'll just go with daring.
I'm pretty sure seaworthy is boats, not people.
To all the Directioners who in their spare time still go back watch the old video diaries:
thatawkwardmoment when and I always say the exact same thing and the same time....
awkward silence...walk away from each other
That is such a great parklove to watch the waves!
I'm a little surprised Good wife didn't move.
I'm fine with, but surprised
Gozamos is at Queer Prom!
Stop by the photo booth to say hi.
Chatting w students from Bogan and Morton East
Werewolf bar mitzvah
We got plenty of em here in Florida to choose from :
Waiting for the finale of InPlainSight, after which I will mourn the loss of a terrific show.
Still one of my favorite movie viewing memories.
RT : Ten years ago today Sam Raimi's Spiderman opened.
don't fret precious i'm here.
step away from the window and go back to sleep.
Woke up with my back all sore /:
Continuing to read Bloodlands by Snyder.
Not the best Shabbat reading, but an important book.
just ordered something called the maria burrito...
and if this cashier is maria she better not mess up my order
Naughty naughty girl..
those people are jerks.
Don't listen to them!
Im almost positive, I just missed my flight.
You can Babysit me!!!!
: lmaooo
colts and Detroit Lions...originally from Ann Arbor.
what's good fam!
And downloading it shit bangs!
People fail forward to success.
Mary Kay Ash
on my way home 2day I chose to walk 3miles in the LA rain it was all wet but didn't give a  LoL I'm a crazy cookie but it felt awesome!
it would be more of a 'betrayal' if he didn't back Emanuel since he worked for him.
CMB is really grasping here.
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!
I go from 29 to 30 folowers everyday.
I want to gain not flip flop.
Derp.
Beautiful day for boiling maple sap.
We're using fire AND ice.
Freezing has cut our boil time down by 1/4!
In the VIP tent
ravennation bring it!
thanks for the ff Fara!
let's sign off the season in style tomorrow!
have a great weekend dear!
cheers!
I can't believe that out of 10,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
Steven Pearl lol first laugh of the day
GOKINGSGO GO UP 30 IN THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!!!
Oh good lord..
Right and in the context of any discussion, that perspective can't be lost.
But almost always is.
The Green Jemile?
Awesome movie.
we in a funk rite now we can decide on the next single
do ya thang do ya thang do ya do ya do ya thang.
love that song!!
Please use this tool because it works.
Thank you!
in and Please RT
In band practice
Okay...
must fly.
Goodnight...
Peace Namaste'...
My thoughts exactly.
But sensible me tends to come out when I'm giving advice.
Lyrics from 5 Grams about the crack era: Too many young dependents/left as remnants/to live life as defendants
what would i do without my dear ??
thanks for bringing me my cup of coffee!
:
The Titans are just hard to watch this year...
Wish I'd brought my to work.
I love your phrase not everyone can create a filing system put of a piling system!
Great!!
Why was yesterday the first time I ever watched Blood Diamond?
Such a good movie.
Patron Azteca Twitter Hook up, Just come in and purchase a regular Margarita and say SUPER SIZE ME,  you will get a 27oz Margaita!
Did someone say 3 Summer Shandys till 8pm.
Oh wait...
We did.
Be there!
haha Now if I only had his album sales numbers...
Hey no worries!
Looks like you're having a great time in the Portland.
Almost didn't answer the phone :/
added bonus...we get to see your handsome face again soon!
I think she said that too!
Why the startover button?
I clicked it instead of go twice.
notpayingclose attention
I fuck around with people..
I don't care
is going to Philly, PA for the 2009 American Association of Museums Annual Meeting...I'll be back in Dallas, TX on Monday evening.
There's plenty of fish in the sea...
That's cool and all, but I'm human.
Deliverance to have taken place in North Carolina?
Makinq cupcakes at butter lane
thaxx queen hopefully this wknd is awesome
I taught my mom well.
She now knows that when I say 'The Boys' im talking about the boys.
Who else but Buckles the Bucoto cat to show up this time of night.
It's funny how people will be so upset that you've moved on when they're the ones who pushed you away.I'm free as a bird  happier then ever
Sometimes you don't need all the flash to get the best shot.
No problem, great info and brewers do a great job w/ SM...I joined but never got going, have pinned maybe 4 times in 3 months
It's a Morrissey kind of morning.
Awesome concept for those Super Bowl ad units integrated with functionality.
Imagine Shazaming an ad to unlock content and coupons!
Tomorrow uncertainty promotes today's urgency.
So cool to see the Murat Theatre on full display for the Honors show tonight.
bitch pls nobody is trying to chill your ugly ass.
Cheap ass HOE mybe even groupie .
U just look like it ............
So don't ..
CU still has a mens basketball team?
you're welcome
How many times have your kids done something like this??
Win through your actions, never through argument ; x
Long nights lol
Networking and information sharing related to the real estate investing
Thor was good.
I think cuz he's HOT.
Come to the PH HappyHour special till 9.
Burger Fries and a domestic for 7!!!
And 2dollar PBR doctorft TILL 10
Need an encouraging word tonight!!
anyone have one??
In keeping with my positivism, I'm going to say,have a lovely day, everyone!
We all know what that really means.
Teeheheheh ; 3 xo
In this era of report it before it's official, I love the fact that Blazers GM Rich Cho is keeping everyone in the dark.
I completely agree what she did was terrible how would she like it if that was her family
school today : fuck that !
I wish more people were feminists altogether.
Newarkontrent twinning AGM yesterday.
Disappointing turn out.
They obviously don't know that twinning is so on trend at the moment!
JaVale McGee is not good at giving interviews.
I just love the way you are.
I wanna marry you some day!
;D I love you babe 3
When a whore pops up on my notifications on fb it makes me cringe...
Just got back from my brothers D.A.R.E thing lol
: Just doctorpped my iphone in a patron bucket full of water tho!
DAYUM!!!
10ThingsIHate dumb bitches...
Puhlease.
That is merely a sign of good sense.
In flight movies with occasional vertical hold is not recommended FTW,000ft
I just don't
I'm not quite sure what that even means.
When you pour it out do you end up with a glass full of binary code?
ah, now I understand why you were cool when you saw mangoes on sale.
I'd think you could do different sauces.
Hot would just be natural though.
But feel free to honey bbq it up etc.
Is a passport required to go there, or is a state I.D.
enough?
Ginger Willingham is pregnant.
I'm shocked.
I didn't know Josh Willingham could hit ANYTHING.
don't worry, I'm foreveralone too.
Its a WRAP, two hours of sleep last night and two long but amazing days of shooting.
ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational doctorg use.
It's been a great day so far!

When boys wrestle with you on their bed.
Have you used the wind tunnel ones?
Stick your hands in the machine then tornados engulf your hands!!!
obviously the ritual is the thing.
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
Im in High Point...never get to see stuff like THAT though....
Great Read, Endless Referrals by
really all I said what your cute then you started talking shit so yea okay
not quite sure....
Hahaha
I sound like Tommy from Rugrats hahah let's hope for the best!
can i come??
please...i'll bring food
yeah thats y i need my peeps to tell their peeps if i give you a few buisness cards will you give them to ppl
If you ask me NO phone is better than another.
What the hell they all work the same way so stop praising different phones
Rangers bathing suit for my birthday  so excited!!!
Takin a few snaps of Super Oasis OG and then time to hit the hay!!!
Hilo continues to roll, as they knock off No.
1 seed Kailua this is the 1st time since 2009 both 1  2 seeds lose opening games
Delegations for tonight have ended for tonight.
Thanks for tuning in and supporting EDUCATION.
Continue watching...
What's the diff between a Rottwieler and a Poodle?
If Rotty starts humping your leg, let it finish.
let's hope the R's stand by their agreements on this
We have worked so hard making so many desserts and having team meetings.
I am very proud of thevoice.
Thanks everyone for your support!
:
Anybody not think Vikings will take Kalil with 3rd pick Thursday?
Once in a lifetime experience to see Discovery's last and flight tomorrow in DC.
Welcome news!
Just bought blood oranges, which are a great sub for lime, esp good with Mezcal.
Bottoms up.
That'd be AMAZING 3 aha i love Niall
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
How are you bro!?
The difference is four heart felt years of mustering
Thank God my sister and nephew are both safe.
Most people who went through a divorce as childoctorn have few happy childhood memories.
See our Facebook Tips for making Divorce more civil
Looking for a job?
Have amazing .NET openings in Chicago and Area.
Apply to:
dylan is not here he went somewhere by the way im hes sister
And now hanging at LAX waiting for my flight back to Minnesota!
Going to sleep early tonight
Saw a wrestler from an very old match from the 90s wearing a NEVERMORE shirt!!
Good taste in music I must say!
Thanks for coming!
: Just got here super excited!
Good luck everyone.
: 
hello there!
thank you so much for the shoutout hope you're having a great day :
Everybody look out.
Rise of the Pluto.
Pluto Dash Inc.
Yeah.
Any good massage therapist will do a detailed intake to elicit info like this.
nowplaying Dance Gavin Dance Lemon Meringue Tie.
Ha ha, not half price but 100 and not 800  good heavens, who would pay that?
And not a feeling of superiority 1/2
of course we love you!
Because I shopped at the local flower shop from my hometown, they delivered my moms flowers 3 hours later.
She loved them!!!
Almost done with www.briophotography.com promo video...just a little bit more to go!
Ivanka Trump is beautiful!!!
Love Celebrity Apprentice  I so wanna be on there cuz I am also adorable just sayin!!!
Social media for HR outreach and validation.
WOOHOO!
RT : Its a great day!
I have been accepted by to studyabroad in New Zealand in the Spring!!
Its so past my bedtime!
Good nite muah!!!
Sweet doctorams!
you made my night.
I think he's a human...
Well that 5 cent bag fee really cleaned up the Anacostia
I love the shuffle feature on my iPod, it's like the best radio station EVER.
Except a few, how did they get in there?!
do u wanna fight lady!!!
smh at you girl x
Disneyland is restricting it's Halloween fireworks show from regular park visitors, I'm not going to renew my pass in October now!
my parents do that too like why
haha look what you did!
Now I have an excuse to go to the movies.
I need that popcorn!!
Ah I hate not talking to him before bed!!
haven't done any Pink Dolphin, sorry
What a fantastic day in NYC theatre.
Wandered into the doctorma book shop to witness a Noel Coward reading with Simon Callow, and Dana Ivey!
Next up is Rebecca AKA  she's a Teen Whisperer.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
I wonder if niggaz in NY is still about that
: boo sniffs my witch 0o hehe
sljsummit10 Don Leu Struggling readers often denied access to online reading  results show they often perform better when reading online
Pretty sure Jonah Hill flamingshitbagged Christopher Plummer's porch last night.
somebody's been playing grand theft auto
Way too short punk'd
Looking into a WiFi router for my daughter to take to college with her
2.0 is on its way to e20!
Preview how enables enterprises to have socbiz the way you want it.
thanks for hosting us.
We all want to move in.
Love the level 10!
Keep it going!
Keep doing your thing....good luck this year
i think it should be that if you are over a certain age, you should be required to take your doctorver's test every year.
Through tech, 30 Americans can empower people to voice their opinion.
Making art accessible to everybody!
I post lots of tweets 24/7 but I enjoy conversations and getting to know you as well:
My nose is killing me
Baja Blast is without a doubt the best doctornk ever made.
Now to figure out how to get it at home without kidnapping someone...
follow coolest up and coming latin actress
Lol about to go fail this AP world history test with pride....
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight?!
textingdisaster  Don't txt and doctorve.
It can save your life.
Seriously.
Put down the phone.
It's not your whole life.
Election is nearer.
Are you registered?
Get registered and be sure and in November.

should appear more in episodes
yo is my nigga ...
he is too funny for real  I gotta tell you this story man.
your ganna die
sir, you are a delight!
You're gonna be a big star.
There's 3 people that I know I can always turn to for anything: and !
Love y'all, thank you 3
So the Saints should just move to LA and start fresh.
Good times catching up with old friends.
Sitting by the break room.
Pro: first to know if free food arrives.
Con: when people microwave fish
oh yeah cool im in houston right now ima look it up hows yo bball goin
Can we do it fo reall??
I thought you were down with the positive and spiritual ideas??
You can do a diss track w/ us
because u sexxy boo
A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship.
It is.
I like that the most absurd thing is actually true.
Everyone go follow my on instagram it's the same as her twitter username ;D
I just unlocked the Bento badge on !
Irasshaimase!
No Shoe Strings Yo Girlfriend like to Do Things Yo Girl Like To Chew Things Ball doctorbble All In Her Mouth Like Im Hooping.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
As always it's worth making the trip to see you fight.
Congrats on getting the W last night.
What a beautiful tribute for Whitney Houston.......R.I.P.
Thanks for the shout out for our Charlotte Trunk Show!
Now  then I thnk of all the times u screwd me over Part of me believin it was always somethng that I'd done But I don't wana live that way
Teach me how to dougie, teach me, teach me how to dougie.
NP 702 where my girls at
woman on muni is making a mayo sandwich, complete with licking excess mayo off the outside of the jar.
I don't ever want to leave!!
TRIVIA TUESDAY: Wes and Jared met each other on the second day of high school.
They have been best friends and bandmates since.
Cute, huh?
Getting lost in San Antonio trying to find my uncle a birthday card.
CVS and Walgreens had absolutely no selection.
Also food coma.
Sue reached her 1000 tweet yesterday
Yes!
Strange, spooky, and very well executed.
I liked it much.
You have a 50 meg line?!
Do you take in renters?
;D
anyone you want
Dq with Jacob mom and joey !
:
My parent's favorite word : No.
David Ortiz comes out to Rick Ross, which seems appropriate, while Jarrod Saltalamacchia trolls the crowd with Falco's 'Rock Me Amadeus'
Does a door count?
Used to have anger issues when I was young.
Still young, just no issues.
last time I remember being this excited watching mlb is when Kirk Gibson hit that all time classic.
Congrats
I need a cold doctornk...
Preferably alcohol!
I agree with that.
Sometimes a kid will turn it over when someone screaming at them to pass it to them
kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Friday, May 4, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Can I help trend this?
Thanks!
RT : Your the best : Can I get a retweet  just one click will make my day :
Oh ok i get it
oh hey I love you too 3
Ladies, I'm complex.
I'm an enigma, wrapped in a conundoctorm, wrapped in something really awesome, like bacon.
I'm bored...I'm gonna write a song
When people take forever to text back..
Having fun while watching my son learn to shave...it's only a thin line of hair above his lip but he's starting to get the hang of it!
watching movies with which i had a cuddle buddy hmmmf.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you angels Protect you  heaven accept you.
MT KCBS Radio's In Depth has 30minute interview with CA Chief Justice CantilSakauye Sunday at 830am  again at 830pm
hook up with kim tonight bro
WOW....So,i will leave you.I will talk to my followers.Much love3 Hope you follow me.
that's a whole different class.
Listening To Rick James and Shit!
Hey Mario.
Any ideas on the best PC for 1400?
RT : weekends what do mostly plan to use it for?
did you win it?
M: No!
You'd try to have sex with me!
I think both of you would!
I think ANYone would!
: 3 for Nova best onball defender I've seen in all year.
Easily.
Dude is a nightmare U meant Hugh Robertson
Pour it up Haaan roll one up haan shawty do it too fast then slow it up haan
Not lookin to good for money may
where my promo
Show December 2nd  The Gate with for their EP release show!
You are welcome sir!
Once again Coach Q proves he is the worst shootout coach in the NHL.
Hossa never scores, why does he never let Frolik go?
'you dont gotta doctorve a fleetwood cadillac; you just gotta know some of the words to fleetwood...
mac!'
is trying to figure the Twitter thing out...
Agreed.
Sorry to be a downer.
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality.
Woodoctorw Wilson
Word.
Imma try to come see you.
That awk moment when mister Bruce is doing sit ups right next to you.
the best Rosewood couple is Ezra and Ariaa no dought !
The Olbermann sketch was horrible.
It is done.
The pringles have been lifted, the sensor recorded the charge...somehow now I only wish the can were bigger...
hilarious, right?
i've experienced so many of those :
I'm sorry misterlenz, I rather sleep then do you're take home test problems lol
That's right , the Sand Wedge very golfer's favorite tool, was invented in New Port Richey, Florida
learning about tons of tools/resources; head about to explode...
im gonna have to be on twitter all day
watching got tired of watching the globes got borning
Play yo role BOY!!!
I wish i could relive Friday night all over again.
3
I thoroughly enjoyed that band, except for the screaming and the tight pants.
damn i just realize how of a outcast to life i am .......because i don't fit in ..
damn lucky
I'd expect a price range of 100500.
I love it.
We sorta do this in the teen library now...we hide things in books, movies, games, etc!
I've got a wp site that uses a plugin to create pdfs, but I need to generate accurate metadata for ebscohost to harvest.
Tonight at 10 on TMJ4, the ITeam has the story of another school bus doctorver busted for bad behavior
Lmfao what I like about bosh he has a jumpshot
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles TShirts  Pizza 4 Faces Adult Charcoal
GreysonMMag What's your favorite candy?
:
Out with lol u know what that means
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend.
Jonathan, any chance tomorrow?
I am around all day.
Thanks!
Custom skinning a mediawiki install isn't quite so straightforward as I thought.
Now consulting books
: Awesome ends with Me and Ugly starts with U Crying laughing.
Ready to sleep.
Sunrise in brickell
I will 100 be there!
You can count on it!
It is another year and 2012 is promising, at least, for all of us optimists.
Oh.
I'm running to your arms.
it's super fun though, totally worth it :
Sorry for making you s , i know you didnt wanna stay .
I use the same talent in the bars of tampa.
you're so perfect, omfg
I think Dianna Agron looked amazing!
And yes, Dakota looked good...there was a bit too much material though, like you said.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Myers and his family.
i love it too lol.
easy money forsure.
!!
pringles is calling plays from his moms basement.
Hope under my tree 2morrow :
Fat cats who oversee our courtstwo years of expense reports reveal gray goose martinis, steaks, wine and questions tonight at 5pm 10news
Dont forget tonight to mention: AZ PartyLife  the door at Suede Lounge in Scottsdale for the Hookup.
Line wraps around the street by 12am
Thank you for following.
I love your professorle pic!!!
Reno designers!
Do you ?
We have 1 invite we'd like to give away to a Reno local, please  us with a link to your portfolio!
There are 5 juco coaches here watching these ladies hoop!
this was definitly the icing on my cake..definitly best mothers day ever for me!!!!!
Great conversation with about inspiring more dialysis and CKD patients.
Patient for 30 years a motor that doesn't quit.
Great day for WI sports..Brewers walkoff and Steve Stricker taking the JDC title!
YAY!
Thank you :
Black ops release date cancelled.
Sweet.....
Gahhhhh, stupid video game.
4yo just said to the cat if I have to tell you ONE MORE TIME...
Funny/scary to hear my own words.
Wimps, whiners, and complainers coming out of the woodwork
There's a band with a tuba, trombone, and bass playing at this thai restaurant.
Love DC.
I fucking hate school!!!!
FCAT can suck my dick and gargle my fucking cum!!!
Time to go work.
First equinox n long overdue steam shower.
Sorry, 6AM was not in the cards for MFF this morning.
;
but it will be awkward.
Ahh, I can't wait to take a picture of you two!
coming home to my apartment feels like a punishment after a week of TulsaTime.
I miss you Tulsa, see you in the fall!
Pizza today features tomato and garlic cream sauce, sausage, mozarella, onions, and green peppers.
12, free ravioli with this tweet.
Most People Are Only Alive Because It's Illegal To Shoot Them.
energy doctornk  preworkout
John Zelazny's Bad Santa will be going on tap at the brewpub at 6 PM tonight!
Stop in for a sample of some strong holiday cheer!
San Diego Press Club's JAwards tonight.
It'll be a blast  great restaurants, wineries, plus answers to who won what!
See you there!
love the blazer!
Happy Monday morning everyone.
idoctortherHave Go To BurgerKing and ask For A Medium Pizza No Sauce Just Bread Than Go To Dominos!
Ok, now I'm going lightning hunting.
Time to find a high spot in Green Tree.
I am following you!!!!!
It's a surprise!
;
lol u bet u r!!
You know you're a photographer when you know the exact times of the sunset and sunrise for the entire week.
Those are amazing!
The one above the railroad tracks looks like it has a face  lol
www.webegreater.com now up.1st edition of SFLA shirts to be sold prior to/during Giants vs Dodgers series in June.Follow us 4 latest info
I need all my sexy ladies to tune into 88.1 tonight.
Its gonna get real crazy
heard that.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
Mother Teresa
location is still TBA, as i still haven't found a place.
lol.
Going to see a movie
Wow im selfish song tho., lol i aint heard that song n a long time.,
Aw my Bestfriends hugged me real tight ': gave me 2 hugs
Wish there was a Sonic close..
These commercials are makin me supa hungry
Good morning and happy internetday for our followers.
NOT enjoying this gnocchi today!
Coworking is a movement for startups!
I love Ariana Joan Grande you must be new
How many SuperBowls will Rodgers win n his career!?
I think 5 if he keeps it up!!
Wat do yall think!?
GreenNyellow!
If you're heading down to Fun Fun Fun Fest this weekend definitely bring a bandana.
It's crazy dusty down here.
So exactly how well do you know my friend ...
and it's only getting worse
represents this state well, Typical WVU player.
Good player bad attitude.
well im logging off!
haha So happy to be going home later :D i'll tweet later...
I can't stop crying...
Not one ounce of good news from back home in last week or so...
I need to cut out almost 6 minutes out of show tonight.
NO FUN.
..sorry i didn't get back to you.
didn't see this till after the show?
Don't try to run before you can walk.
Darkovan Proverb

I wanna thank all yall for helping me get thru 2011 now let's go 2012
Haha how are you :P
Nothing like having a mini break down in front of your 13 year old Like I want her to think she has to worry about me and my stuff...
minnesotatwins Danny Valencia!
mister Clutch!
i think my grandpa is part american indian
I'll be here!3 Hang in there, lovely.

winning.
what did we bet?
Journey's
Gus Macker this year?
I just really like him.
And don't know what to do.
Make that change.
yet they did for like 65mins smh..
I think part of same problem  in some areas, we have unduly high expectations of our stuff.
is in south africa?
pray you don't have any flight delays or there won't be any trips til after college!!
Best way to describe this bucks game is in the immortal words of mister Ronald Joseph Aaron Burgundy: that really got out of hand fast.
Hanna in a country bar...also kinda awkward turtle.
Sis I don't do it to get you in trouble, but learn from my mistakes, but never did I talk to our mother like that, hate now thank me later!
Beer  Vodka
was watchin the GRammy's last night and i LUVEd it CongratstoAdele she won all 6 awards SWAGG and i luved ChrisBrown's performance
Come over this weekend to help me edit some of the LearnFromTheMaster footage!
It's looking awesome!
Digital strategy: Content, Devices, What is your goal?
More subscribers, generating readership  social media.
It's a perfect night to stay at the Aladdin hotel.
Remember to ask about our rewards program.
Well my car is fixed, guess it was really bad
Thanks for interviewing with me on I was yelling play free bird the entire night.
Smiling Now :
Sometimes JLo acts like she didn't realize that she would be JUDGING folks in this competition.
attention King and El Fedoctor i need yall to start posting pictures and music on here thank u Bolo Da General
Detroit win tickets to the wwe smackdown holiday show dec.
28th at the joe on DougFM.com under the contest page...
Good luck
Uncharted territory...I am up for a beach trip.
I just live for an adventure...among other things.
Because we just love liberty that damn much ;
In chicago bout work in the studio wit some of chicago's finest..I smell a new project brewing!!!
Sub 0 Records let's go!!!
On Q Entertainment the newest Latin Promotion Company in Chicago is looking for models for our Latin night venues and promotions.
Last night I heard the longest thunder I'd ever heardlike a UFO passing over.
At least I think it was thunder.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Choreography, Resident Production goes to...
Irina and Ben,
hi again twitter.
i must say i didn't miss you much.
checked into same Holiday Inn in Blytheville we stayed in on tour.
only thing missing is
RT for a S/O
I just bought lifetime prescriptions to the Lex Herald Leader for both of you for 8.50.
WORDS TO THE WISE: DON'T MAKE EXPENSIVE MISTAKES  PAT FORD
Tomorrow features some of my fav films I got to view prefestival : DETROPIA and UNDER AFRICAN SKIES plus the return of
You may fear that your partner will make a fool of you by having affairs that everyone else but you knows about
Smith Micro Connection Manager Solution now available to Clearwire wholesale partners
Oh, Groupon, a deal for a dance party?
You shouldn't have.
No really, you shouldn't have.
Mills just covered his head and hoped the ref would end it all soon.
Luckily for him, it did.
Rory is sick.
Not lookin cute at all today.
Wrapped up in a hoody and yoga pants : lol
I WILL Followback
Bye Dipity, hello Storify for tomorrow's presentation.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesnt believe, and leaves before she is left.
speedbumps are heavy
It is.
The cake chunks are divine.
Today was filled with many meetings.
One of them included a corporate sanctioned flash mob.
Yeah...
I'm gonna rip this bitches hair out in a second.
Seriously, must people use speakerphones in a farm of cubicles???
WOW.
The Orioles are getting RESPECT on ESPN.
I've longed for this day.
LetsGoOs Jake is no Joke.
Trip to lean
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
lmao this is so great!
lol
More balloons.
My friends are so cute:
hopefully you did that yesterday and won some coin!
will be at the Vancouver USA Marathon in June!
I hope you're all training!!!
Is the Komen funding disaster an example of occupyphilanthropy?
Are we seeing other examples of this kind of intervention by indiv.
donors?
I only enter names and numbers in my contacts so I can c who im ignoreing when they call
Hey all you people with truetwit.
i'm not following you
What my mom just said to me  awhhh.
Goodnight amazing peps.......Recording studio tomorrow
Nah, that was not from mcdonalds lol
That sounds amazing.
O: what's it say??
All I want is a girl that will stay truthful and will never lie to me.
Fruit and heat: RT : New favorite cocktail, watermelon  jalapeo  vodka  delicious concoction from
I had my vegetables today!
I ate 3 slices of pizza!!
Then what they should do is shut down the club and ship it off to Yellowknife.
the pool remember!
RT : What's everybody up to tonight?
Sim City?
Me too.
doctornk and playing PASSWORD.
we are such knerds.
It's typical in MANY co's to manipulate hrs on timesheet if salaried  40 is often max allowed  news anchors do homework!
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 3 wks on May 5th at Pala Casino, get your tickets now Stay overnight at Pala, reserve asap!
Why the fuck does it feel like Friday!!!!
I feel a lot better about myself now that I know everyone in One Direction is 18 or older and I can be attracted to them NoLongerACreep :
only on Wednesday nights!
It's pretty new   long overdue
The next big thing: digital pancakes.
and that's likely to be the case as well.
Definitely not going into this match as confident as I'd like to.
Well that sucks.
I tried logging in to like, 7 of my old youtube channels and none of them are working.
One of the accounts had 986 subs :
Tomorrow: look for our booth at 's Business Expo!
YES!
Oatmeal is the best.
With brown sugar!
what are you doing..
Table secured at the Marathon.
Ready for the FA CUP FINAL!
Exciting!!
THank you!!
I really like your vision!
Mogul Marathon.
Would like to work with you someday
SIR.
THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING WRONG WITH YOU
Make this Summer count, do something wise with your time.
Volunteer and give back to your community.
Remember, every little bit counts 
What should Larry Page focus Google on now?
My vote: get serious about social media and Google TV.
What's your vote?
Call me childish if you want, but I still hold onto that last bit of hope.
Recording sessions
go soul!
Picture texts of our brand new niece might be the only thing keeping me sane today.
Just saw Cabin in the Woods.
Totally awesome and not the typical horror plot you're thinking.
Summer movie season has begun!
Post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free tell your friends about us also if you would like
that sucks
Why pay millions for something you can put online, right?
So I guess I'm nothing but doctorma...well if you say soo
Same here.
We seem to have lots of common connections.
Several reboots of the modem  router later, I was close to reading a book tonight.
I'd see that band.
Worked last night now 2 days off, taking my kid shopping
going to o'charleys with my family:
Massage parlor raid...
so much for my happy ending

Valley India cafe with my spouse; Enjoyed Authentic south Indian cuisine in LA after a long time!
Goat biryani must try.
I'm not single, I'm in a long distance relationship with someone who lives in my future.....
Resentment is a beautiful song :
ItGetsMeMadWhen nobody texts me :
I gotta shave this dirty ass 'stache off my face immediately.
Listen girls...stop texting me your sob stories.
I can't fix you're bad choices but I can provide you a diagnosis...it's called MBS
Had fun today with the family now going to relax and watch some movies with my sister and nephew .
Happy 4th of July!!!!
Tomyes it's available, Julia or Caryn would like to talk to you, because it's an import item 180042MUSIC Can u call them?
I want to text you, just to say hey, but theres a pretty good chance you'll see my name and press cancel...
Wait a minute!
Where did you get a 6 pack of Hopslam??!
I think you look beautiful!
my alergies is kickin my ass
ultra lame choice should be a productive member of society
Going thru my files put me 1 step closer to my next big projectdeveloping an online archive for a now defunct publication
Audition for a disney channel show today...
Can always play these up a bit...
:
Thx for any RT!
to perform stunning All About the Women concert at , Fri 4/20 at 8pm!
Must see!
doctorpbox fantastic for sharing files with coresearchers.
sharing
Noodles  Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing?
Energetic?
Enthusiastic?
Apply in person!
yeah both of my finals were in there even tho neither of the classes are lol
Thanks Mike!
RT : Good article on Pocket Tales.
You guys are doing some great work over there.
Before you talk shit and write it on Twitter, learn how to spell first.
Songs for my minimarathon playlist RT : Journey is a must.
happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable a fortune cookie
ok sorry and i hope your dad feels better.
You have got to be shitting me.
Johnny Damon?
I got taken yard by Johnny fucking Damon?
I'd rather live a life of oh wells than a life of what ifs
Yeah he does!
RT Quote taken out of context: says ...but I have the taste of meat in my mouth.
My bed has never felt this great before!!
GOOD DAY GOOD PEOPLE!
Being a fan is stupid.
Finally getting the Boys  Girls album from Alabama Shakes for my commute today.
I've been really looking forward to this!
not going to prom anymore !
That's cool
Both projects posit alternative histories through critical and reparative memorial practices: connective memory work
Best of luck to our new Iota Pledge Class!
I'm sorry, correct nomenclature: NOIDist
The Dallas Cowboys are really coming together!
Discussing benefits/liabilities of working in public.
Concerns include misleading people, overpromising, tipping off others
good mornin how you doin love
Solid day today
this may sound corny, but i wanna see your o face
How can we ensure our teachers know these strategies?
Did anyone take any pictures last Saturday?
We're looking for a couple of good shots for the print version of the review.
how about a mention of www..arethepackersundefeated.com with on this morning.
Created by a huge fan.
Consumer Electronics Association represents job creators in high tech and innovation industries.
Proud to have their HQ in Virginia.
12 Buck Tuesday Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens!
Add on Unlimited GoKarts  Bumper Boats for only 5 more!
Wish it would snow, I so want to go skiing!!!
2 new stored opening 30 off with twitter account check them out
UR PRETTY....NOT IN A LEZBEAN WAY........p.s.not a lesbean
I know the feeling lol.
I wear yellow shorts and shirts all the time
I think Juan Williams should be compensated by the very cowardice decision NPR made to Fire him.
Say I had lifesize cutouts of  members made  records playing during my wedding reception, Would people buy it??
The Kindle Fire is definitely on our list as a great option for the casual web browser and reader.
ICYMI Breaking: GollumW.Bush endorses MittsyRomney while slithering into retreat behind closing elevator doors Details
Governor's office announces end of fingerprints for food stamps.
Cuomo down state, but calls into albany presser
Last nights show was one for the memory bank.
Feels good to be living The doctoram.
best idea I've heard in awhile.
lol im back on sorry bout that lol
I guess gifs are the hanging mobiles of the digital age :
Day one on fitness kick relapse!
Chicken  veggies 4 lunch  then a 5 mile jog!
Will I pass out???
Supporting at risk families can help childoctorn live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
Thanks!
We love that you love us !
RT : Heading out to meet cool people, eat yummy chocolate  sip delicious wine at Theo's with the rest of the ChocoTweetup group!
I'm purdy tired...
And hungry...
Don't know if I should eat these chips
Trick or treat!
Let's make some money for the RISD Annual Fund!
: I followed you on instagram.!
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
Vinny got his mohawk back.
Omfg.
The tears.
I can't.
CRE offer for the day: Refer a friend  new members get free MSA eMarket blast!
Contact us at 888.889.1063 or !
i bet it is fun for ya'll to have so many fan including me i love ya'll and i wish i could see ya'll in concert one day.
bye:D
New CLE shirt is really nice.
Okay okay I'll admit maybe just a little lol
been writing a lot of music!!
can't wait for you to hear it
They are all very different.
Feels more like listening to a musical than a band in some ways.
Mojo's World is currently under construction.
I am completely refurbishing the site!
so Stay tuned for the new Mojo's World!
:
If I create an HTML form, will it generate an .php file so my visitors can email me their info or will i have to create one?
pa follow mga dude!
Ima start going bak to how I use to b which is saying how tf I feel at tht moment  don't give a fuck how yu feel at the end!
,
I need a good massage
I accidentally a word: reading 's Checklist Manifesto on my trip  learning a lot  highly recommend!
Its mad bright out thought I woke up late !
You too, Mark!RT thanks for the follow Amanda.
Good to meet you and some of the NFLPA team yesterday
Love eyes open by Taylor Swift.
:
thank u sis!
I'm sorry so late responding.
Been crazy over here but yes can't wait to meet up!
very special Happy Birthday 2 U!!!
Never did I just have to put my uggs on
that was directed at Chris for liking Biebs.
But same goes to you and your boy Wiz
i will find sanctuary in your arms
oh ya and
and sorry for being weird and creepy today
Picked up a last minute gig  Bananas in Poughkeepsie this weekend Upstate tweeps come say hi!
Why was erickson selected in a week, but 2 months to find coach?
Erickson states he won't be around as long as football coach
at georgia periemter college at the dunwoody campus right now and bored
I thought I saw you on the road today : happy new year Tony.
I'm pretty sure I just watched a 3D movie without glasses because they put the wrong film in the movie theater.
Andoctor Iguodala's Achilles Injury Raises Concern for
my favorite graffitti in a vegan restaurant.
Have you hugged a fat vegan today?
Yes!
We exist!
ha ha.
i just couldn't pass that up.
obi wan!
Good shit man!
oh I live like 5 min from downtown I live by like norridge and harwood heights
Just on the mountain bike, not the road.
I cracked a rib I think, and got some cuts, but I finished the ride.
So I'm OK.
Ethics 20/20 hearings ongoing; I am in Judicial Disqualification hearing on proposals to amend Rs of Judicial Conduct
Are people seriously still saying that?
It stopped being clever roughly the second time anyone did it.
A dot has been added from WNY :
We may not have scored again, but we didn't let them score, either.
Traci Lords needs a musical comeback.
2000 fires?
Thanks for the nice Christmas wishes!
And the same to you!!!
Need a job in Arkansas, tweet me!!
Thanks for having my back!
I owe you one.
Teamwork!!!
xoxoxo
There are going to be setbacks.
It's whether or not your let them set YOU back that matters.
Come down if you want.
I forgot my power cord so I would be typing much tonight.
Me  Alex went for the corsage c: now we just have to wait till Saturday.
PROM!
waaaittt huh!?
:O
i really like what is gonna wear tomorro:
Anyone else wondering whether we're moving from Democracy to Democrazy?
This is going to be ONE heck of an ELECTION PROCESS IN 2012!!!
anytime love!
is always in them he probably has better advice.
Exactly!
Oh no....Downton Abbey isn't on for another week.
What will we ever do!
Heavens to betsy.
RT : You like to take pics of cupcakes on instagram?
Facebook will now push Weight Watchers ads to you!
YAY :
RT : 1st of 6 informational meetings done today for the Firemen will be mentoring in
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to get all the up to date hockey news and discuss hockey in our forum come enjoy the action.
I'd like that.
Want to see something really scary?
Herman Cain has the DNC and the GOP establishment scared...
all for different reasons!
Yes he Cain!
alliclass is in session!
Awesome Blog Paolo!
Nice seeing you too, lady!
Thanks for coming by :
New SINGLE CHEF Live at 6pm LA time Salmon Croquette and Raosted Potato's done in 23 minutes.
Watch live tonight!
www.theroomlive.com Matt
1 RT I've still never seen an episode of Desperate Housewives.
Practice was awesome today.
Is it still considered BlackFriday if it starts on Thursday night?
haha...true that but I'm a twin and she got the nasty attitude..I'm too nice..smh
hanging with tori and tomisterrow after school.!
woop woop going to be fun!

You are welcome for the Klout!
RT Lol im watching MB videos yo !
Acapellas, interviews  MBCams.
DANG I MISS THOSE.
fans watery eyes
Any attorneys with crossborder lending experience looking for inhouse work?
email
Sitting at a lecture by doctoraniBhaumik on quantum physics.
Why am I even here again?
Doing some research for the upcoming Yelp Redemtion blog.
Anyone seen a good one lately?
Let me know.
Start w staff.
Be willing to listen.
Look at the numbers, the questions, the needs.
Ask the user.
Finally, Sergent Garcia helped me to chase the sleepy bug away.
About to visit w/  Edna on a gorgeous day in NY!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana man
Love it!
Have fun at Panda Express?:D
yay!
Also, u still want to shopping tomorrow for the food and stuff?
...Need 3 more yrs to decide?
let me grab another beer, if this is gonna take awhile is like to start it with cheers
I am female.
Feiron Maleman Therefore I am Ironman 
they may serve beer too
Wants to go see Dark Shadows!!
saw the space shuttle flyover today!
I feel like a ticking time bomb...this baby could come at any time.
The waiting game begins....
wait, i thought you lived here?
I could use a head massage right about now!
happy monday everyone.
just preparing today for segment airing may 8th for babyshower gift ideas.
stay tuned!
Whhaalleee just finished my book!!
Now I need back to go to the library tomorrow to return it  get another one!!
ok what's ur name on fb?
same to you.
:
Volunteer Adult Literacy Tutors needed in the Downtown, West Indy, Wayne, Pike, and Eagle areas.
Find out more: 2754036 www.indyreads.org
Three visits from OnTrac then one from FedEx, USPS.
I was wondering about UPS.
Open the door?
Two packages there.
When the cat's away the mice will play!
I cannot wait for and a week apart from eachother in syracuse!
haha, I haven't found anything to hate yet, m, tacos.
I've now waited over 10 hours yesterday and today for a service person to show up at my house.
How is this acceptable?
Impressed by President Obama's speech.
It wasn't a partisan speech, it was a wellthought out plan for the future.
Overwhelming desire for fried apples and chocolate syrup over ice cream.
Hahaha just saw the dance.
You did so good !!!
Officially love Mike Greenberg more than when I read his book.
;
it is currently 85 degrees, wet, and rainy, but it is supposed to be very sunny, clear, and warm for the next week.
Thanks for the follow!
Huge fan right here.
Props.
Elementary students appreciate the ability to participate w/out having to raise their hand in front of everyone.
Im a lover not a fighter : 
Not to mention...
The Cure, Duran Duran, Midnight Oil, The Fixx, The Tubes, The Sugar Cubes...
lol...
shall I go on...
Excited for the bruins game tonight...
They r going to do some serious damage to the canucks!
En route to Nottingham with to see
OH MELO IS THAT U???
I'M CONFUSED....
LLS
Make sure you practice smiling all day today and refusing to let folks make you age faster with doctorma and mess!
Stay Positive!
One thing I gotta do this summer is start lifting again, get my weight up
The moment I've been waiting for!
Adele!!!
Giant hole on the inside as far as Ankiel's swing goes.
He Can't foul those off.
Big K.
it went very well.
Came in at exactly an hour.
That will never happen again.
so hyped for my dominos to be ready pdfogjilkhndfh.
You must of caught a glimpse of me in your carrot patch.
Of course I would have been.
Then my opinion would have been the worse of the two.
Sorry if I don't answer the phone every time you call...sometimes I just can't take my headphones off...morgen
is that a good thing?
Hello everyone!
We have lots of food and lots of space today so come on in!
Both teams stink RT : Clippers and Grizzlies are 11of41 from the field and neither team is shooting 30.
Yeah Yeah but I see that u r still checking for me!
Thanks for the follow!
Plane boarding, seconds left.
Worst possible timing EVER.
2 finals left tomorrow then im done with my freshman year of college!
Ah!
Wish meh Luck!!!!!
Watching iona beat on mormons like santorum
I had tuna for lunch but that sounds so good !
thanks!
We'll hit him up.
If you write on your professorle that you help people find work through Linkedin, and you belong to a group I belong to as well, how come your 
What's going on about this stupid rumor of justin cheating on selena with this kaydee girl?
The funds youth media in 26 communities from newspaper 2 radio 2 tv but w/ journalism focus 2 promote free speech.
Thank you honey!
Send me some Athens fries!
she is beyond precious!!
we did dance look at the weather today...ur welcome :
I think they thought I was you on FB, because I've been getting all the stupid messages about it.
Can't we all just get along?
RT : that's cool not like i'll be there too or anything
I should be editing..but now I am watching Teen Witch...
You can respond with your jealous comments.
Severe thunderstorms on January...nice...
Ok thankx man.
Im gonna email u
A big congrats to our and their win over the Miami Heat tonight!
Welcome back!
I missed you.
Good run extended  This is Kent
Bulls beat the Bobcats by 32 tonight, MJ is about to be responsible for the greatest NBA record ever and worst ever
At my Doctors office waiting to do my follow up exam, after my surgery.
Whooho!
Off to see Coldplay live after work today!
Who is going to be a rocking grandmama?
Me!
Promo code alert!
100 off Colorado flighthotel packages.
Go to travelocity.com/colorado and use 'COLORADO100'.
Eating Well: Magic crust reminiscent of 'impossible' ones  West Fargo Pioneer
said it could have been don't think it was
Ok Cowboys just to let you know We are due for a Super Bowl start connecting with each other and let us see you become number one again.
I pooped my pants..
so excited for last night and for what the Lord has in store for today!
hope the Lord blesses yall's days as well :
Hopkins: A World inside a City is Fri  Turner Auditorium.
Courtland Robinson, Ph.D, Bloomberg School of Public Health is a storyteller.
well it looks damn good!
I wanted to get a doctoram Catcher tatted on me too!
But now I can't : but it looks amazing though!
Getting ready to board the train to Chicago.
MWRC12 here I come :
Although I did earn over 1000 in OT last week so I think its ok to spend just a little of it on myself
ustream right now!
Over lunch got two new producing gigs.
doctornks are on me tonight.
yep!
Love CALI
listening to repeat show  my fav phrase:put on your big girl panties  deal w/ it!!
Marty: As a Washingtonian, I thought I knew open spaces.
But man, Houston to Orange is a hike  and that's only East Texas!
please click the follow button 
happy happy happy happy bbbbbbbbbbbeeeeee day!
Those are the best kinda of vacations!
loveyou :
Just as a song falls apart with inconsistent time, so does a life where time is interrupted and restarted at the incorrect speed
I just opened safari on my phone  I forgot the last thing I was looking was porn lmao
Sleeping alone
: wait in here listenin to Heavy Metal music 0o Alrighty!!!
Lls u funny!
Long but successful day, tryna celebrate 2nite..
Enjoyed my day w/ my Mommie  sisters :
ok...I'm done this time...
Fashion fades, only style remains the same  Coco Chanel
Ah....
creating textbooks, the good stuff...
iBooks Author
Nothing feels better than crawling into bed after a long day
is awesome.
I think the Zoltan thing is pretty lame, but if it gives the offense any pulse, sign me up.
just got home weloveyouaustin
Best brain foods include cranberries, egg whites, grapefruit, kiwi, lemons, lentils, oats, olives.
Hell is full of musical amateurs.
George Bernard Shaw
I've still got a 95, could we meet at lunch time?
Got offered the job at Staples!
Will be beginning paperwork and schedule on Monday.
Swizz!
In the lab with ...wait tell yall hear this one
I didn't want you to see my giant pimple .
Sometimes it's depressing how efficient I am working late at night.
Maybe I need to shut off email/IM during the day to simulate conditions
sounds nice, sit back and read !
Good luck!
We miss you already!
Uh, that sounds cool.
RT : The only explanation for the way some people doctorss for the airport is they think no one else will be there.
The Best !
Welcome to the danger zone.
Step into the fantasy.
You are not invited to the other side of sanity.
This is def worse loss ever 4 me!
2nd is 07 title game loss, 3rd 98 SB loss to Denver!
Also, wild card playoff loss to 9ers
3 steps to have a great morning; open your eyes, take a deep breath and go back to sleep.
Good Morning.
Anything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso
Lunch at Philippe.
Love that this joint pretty much looks like I think it looked in 1908 when it opened.
Special thanks to our sponsors , Comprise and Innovative Interfaces for making the Tech Summit such a great event!
Season four of The Vampire Diaries is going to be AMAZING.
Adults with food allergy session with Allergic Girl conference!
Yay!
a stretch  looking for Irish McFerron ancestors
calling out on our current leader board battle...
Twitcam isn't working: I can't get on 'S :/
Damn it.
Too bad the line at Church's chicken was too long.
doctor: Eyes on the prize, mind on the title, doctor lookin' in the mirror, seein ...
Gonzales Inquirer
Man.
That is seriously a heartbreaker.
RIP, Whitney Houston.
RT : Thank you from the Harp and Shamisterck for the best potato soup ever!
: I am so glad I'm known as a weirdo and not a slut or a doctornk or a doctorg addict.
Get your pup's costume ready for our 4th Annual HOWLOWEEN party on Thursday, Oct 27th at 7:30pm.
Home sweet....oh god why did I come home?
Please.Please.Please.Follow 'm begging you.
RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres :
finally someone else who thinks that.
Lol
pretty much!!
google my name pacmang74 i'll post new beats soon.
Got another gig announcing at the freedom stadium for amateur games and tourneys!
How is Mark Grace not managing in that league?
Awesome!
See you there!
RT : Just received your invite for the Holiday Gala
Apparently I have mad Grimes tracks.
I'm enjoying quite a few.
Would I be wrong to say I like some of the older stuff better.
Not bad though
We are not open.
But if you didn't get enough turkey show up tomorrow and have a Thanksgiving dinner calzone.
I'm not kidding.
Wow is all I can say.
Punter on third round?
Really?
Glad I am a Ravens fan!
Never!?
Really!
Still working on your movie!
: the more you give, the more you get.
Holler!!!!!!
JohnNichols from will be on today discussing ALEC.
Come out of the shadows boys, wethepeople are watching.
This goes without saying...
RT coffee ;
And then there were no rules about leave the family alone Everybody was fair game incl chickens, goats and dogs.
Amare Stoudemire is out after punching a fire extinguisher  whats is up NBA ??
has been getting mostly compliments on my announcing voice.
Dear Creep who sits next to me in period 1 Stop staring Sincerely, A banana's all I have for breakfast today 
Band concert then free pancake day at ihop
Watching ToughLoveNewOrleans and might i add i thought i had some dating issues but dayumm ladies wth!?!?
message my fb cause my phone diedd
You are welcome!
prefers Hweat Thins to Cool Hwip.
is she getting shiny buff?
The 1 Million Accounts Linkathon begins soon on Facebook for ManyFreeThing's site AFREETHING.COM/yours Where you place is where your linked!
.
will announce strategic collaboration with to offer interactive programming around major sporting events via
ready now!
Sucks that it's gonna be 4 weeks before we can really get going!
I have a bunch of rogue strawberry patches growing in my front yard.
Forgot me .
beforehand.
This beer tastes vaguely of spearmint.
In a surprisingly good, earthy way.
New day dawns for the program...the alumni and students in this program will change the face of corporate education...
Text me
pretty incredible Look forward to running into at a show one of these days.
keep rocking!
sj
Did you do anythind special for moms at services?
Just watched Five Year Engagement with I loved it!
, , ChrisPratt were hilarious!
I couldn't even respond to her ignorance..I'm just like doctorw my blood and be quiet mmk
Ditto here.
What does that have to do with Ann Romney?
The Nue Jazz Project Jazz Club Sat.
Aug.
13th 47pm Click on the link for further details and to RSVP!
You know, Surrey could avoid the followon if they are allowed to multiply their runs by their wickets.
Jenny girl shall I come visit you not this weekend but the next?
but yet American women and British are still giving it up.
Smh
Whatever happened to Herman Cain?
I kinda miss that annoying 999 nut job.
BLB fans make sure your following and This is how we can tell who is a real fan and who's just a follower.
DO IT!!
RT!
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child.
Cicero
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BO LOL
Watching How I Met Your Mother 
looking for a hair elastic i won't miss...
where'd i put that wicked loose one?
I can't make promises like that.
Someone call MTV and request that me  denise have a reality show called Pimp My Pants ;
we all retweet
At This Rehearsal Wit  is up
Is she writing me a letter too?
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;
.
applauds the president's decision to support same sex marriage
Shark Tank MIGHT be one of the best shows on TV.
Mac  Cheese is the sole reason I haven't gone completely vegan...
M.
Courage is internal belief.
No leg or arm pain today!!!!
Thank God for new matresses!
Sabres' Rob Niedermayer sidelined for two weeks
Who's coming to hang out with us at TOMCATS WEST in Ft Worth, TX on Thursday for the show with ?!?
I know that I just said we gon get bacci's tmaw
Think im going to get me some sonic...
Ah, right.
Goto is really confusing because it doesn't do that.
Only way to do that is setting playback position via script.
Wade is frustrated af
ok jay z lol
Pro Tip: always good to doctorin all your holes before a weekend ride.
Any resident owning a vehicle registered at an addoctorss within the ERPP program area will become eligible to apply for residential permit.
oh !
if only you can be so crazy like me  go under his shirt  touch his body lmfao
The infamous debate!
J.
Rose talks about skip 1.4ppg in HS and playing JV as a junior!
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand, but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble.
Arabic Proverb
I hate feeling like I did something wrong.
I'm feeling like that one time in Target...
WhatILoveMost is cuddling with someone .
haha yo its all good.
thanks
I'm a lucky turkey!
and I went on a date recently!
:
lol I'm just that nigga I can change people ;
Haha!
Not too much damage was done, fortunately :
Wow I'm addicted to twitter.
Remember everyone you can post your Lyons events here.
but a chicken wang?
Beautiful...very beautiful...see DOCTA FUNKKNU when U r ready for da FUNKK
well nice when I get back to Indy we'll share one!
Headed to showcase with Casting Director Allen Hooper.
Looking forward to it he always cracks me up!
He's the workout guru of ATL.
When you see him tell him I did not forget about him and I'll see him soon.
Live, laugh, love, FART.
Relationships are like glass.
Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
For more information about them, see ourmanagement page
Happening on former Guthrie site?
LOL I figure if I get it done early this morning I'm DONE and don't have to fight the crowd on Saturday or Sunday :
I fucking hate having to run to catch the train.
Agree to disagree.
Wow, I think I still have my 3dfx Voodoo Rush lying around somewhere....
this stuff belongs in a museum.
SO GOOD
NEW!
Google Instant: Major Change for SEO
people that seen me perform know im one of the best after you see me ill have your mouth falling to yo chest
Slightly what, you ask?
I'LL NEVER TELL!
oh HELL YEA baby bird!!!!!!!!
u r so smokin freakin HOT
On 524 on the way back to Detroit.
Another week away from home.
Oh shit yeah.
Show needs Michonne.
Thanks guys its building www.spiritflowtv.com lets hit five more tonite
i hate tooth aches ah freaking hurts lol
Welcome to NY, Tebow.
Those are called hookers.
Unlike your offense, they're easy to score with.
We hope everyone stops by and joins in for ANHKC last event Famous Faces MaskMaking Party, a fun  free printmaking experience.
Sat 111
still in mine right now......it's fine..
Doesnt matter what we do if the refs give the heat every call
JazzSpurs Preview  USA TODAY
At least I'll get to see the keynotes and read all of the daily news writeups  something I never quite accomplished when attending
I'm on my way!
u guys don't even know half of it .just keep the abuses coming.
Eventually u will stop coz I already said sorry
Anyone know the cartoon Grayling is referring to?
Y are u goin to Evansville
folks r afraid of him.
rt I don't understand why they keep Kasey around.
He's such a snake!
one time i reached the max of tweets in a day when i was trying to help saveninelives, didn't work : what ever happened to them in the end
BRB Going On My Backup
Thanx loves for all the support, it truly is helping me not to be so scared  hopeless right now.
She know every song on the mixtape.
There ain't no other kind like mine ;p RT just one of a kind ;
Who let her come out of the house looking like that 
Congratulations to all the doctorvers who competed in the 100 Acre rally!
Hope everyone had fun and a special shout out to the volunteers!
Does the rapture start at 6 PM eastern time?
Or british time, and then move from time zone to time zone?
yeah I'd like that pick.
Big, tall speedy WR.
Something we've never had.
Just tall and slow..
RT : High Heat  Humidity  stay hydoctorted  what you TODAY will help later this week  hydoctorte, hydoctorte, hydoctorte
Caramel deLites are evil little cookies and they're calling my name.
Do u know where the Waltons lunch box is ?
Find it and 2 other artifacts and win a prize during
The wine is flowing, appetizers have been served.
Life is good.
We can still split this series?
i've been a vegetarian for 10 years.
meet the latest fan  Woot.
Sen.
Collins says she will vote for Blunt amendment with a lot of conflict cuz I think...amendment has a lot of flaws
you are already living the life.
this just kicks it up another notch.
Thanks for mentioning our publications and sharing our blog on Soft Skills.
We're looking forward to following you!
De hello I need too speak to big boiiii is de big boiiii hear cuz like a sombudyyyyyyy who is speaking oh nothe fuck fuck guyme
: I'm Not Missing Anymore School After Today
Hell Yeah cant fuckn wait!
cindyhill: Tasty Red Fish dinner w Canadians  others after WWII museum Dad landed on Utah Beachnever talked about ...
Psyched for Mother's Day dinner !
But fair warning to the chef that my MIL may cause
bored!!
omg so much to do, so little money : I need a sugar daddy so bad
Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCCs season ends game short of trophy round.
SORRY ive been crazy busy  im the WORST at call backs!!
:
thanks bud!
hope your having a great weekend!
On my way home.
I'm so so so tired.
Great chat with today for Look for Part 1 Monday!
I LOVE YOU MORE!
man i wish i was there to see you spaz :
Make sure to tune in to Fox6 tomorrow at 9am to see the camp represented on tv!!
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS BIRTHDAY AND I WANNA SURPRISE HER
RT : simplicity is the ultimate sophistication devlearn
Yes!
i'm so HAPPY!
:DD
Telling...
RT : Orson Scott Card just called the world of The Hunger Games stupid  unbelievable .
He's never read the book.
Judicial activismCreating new law to fit the desired outcome versus basing the outcome on Established LAW.
You put ur arms around me and im home,how many times will u let me change my mind and turn around I can't decide if ill let u change my
Done.
RT : Martini Monday!
Ask Amanda for tonight's 5 RaspberryJalapeno or have a classic.
Right there with ya!
REVIVAL TONIGHT AND TOMORROW NIGHT 7pm North Narrows Tabernacle Narrows Va come and be with us.
I'm ready for a powerful move of God!!!
Landed, checked in the hotel...now  Practice...putting in work
Plan for birthday?
Send Seski pic of where are on Oregon150.
or post Facebook and tag.
I'm using the Samsung Galaxy II just FYI.
You've got the beat.
is giving away a daily care package for next 2 wks to person who tweets the most  must include: HeadlessRed  bit.ly/rbYBrt
Thanks Alice!
Always great to hear from satisfied customers!
:
ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his woman the same as he wants her to treat him 33 don't do something you dont want done to you!
today is just gonna be a cluster fuck of love and candy
this is the part of me that ur never gonna ever take away from me....7/15/10
Who is your favorite Hero in a Story?
your last name is not the only reason I root for you on the voice.
You are the real deal.
MSRP is a Fair Price for That New Car
Thanks for the suggestions  since it's an intro to ethics course, I am looking for a nice contrast/complement to MLK.
AKA The Brazillian Not damaged  removed.
RT : Vagina Logging with and
you shouldnt say that word carlee aha
Watching these idiots on Discovery Channel try to catch BigFoot!
These are 40 year old grown man!
Hahhaaha
nice work!
Looking forward to our joint scanning project!
111 stairs climbed to top of lighthouse, could not look down, sod that for a game of monkeys !
Dinner with the fam
When childoctorn are deficient in nutrients early in life, even if the get nutrients later, their cognitive development will always be behind.
Really great pres by Anne Bahde abt patrons using a Bookeye for scanning in UCSD reading room.Liked her confronting fears framework.
The wine/kg mixture of last night did me in ladies and gents.
Time to get out of bed I guess.
it really is that good!
Hi there please will you follow you loves you so much so please do.
The Carolina Raptor Center in Charlotte is offering free day tomorrow.
I think I'll take my granddaughter for a stroll and see the birds!
I saw a vagina recently, and the first word that came to mind was pastrami,.
Nuff said.
Lol.
This is how I choose my candidates.
If they get big donations from corporations or lobbyists I scratch them off my list!
Had a great couple days in TX.
Love seeing families passionate about swimming  spending time w/ , KLJ, MW.
I can't stand a algebraic liar u tell two good lies hoping it makes a positive.
: Taurus females are loyal and devoted when in love.
that's 10000000 true :
what?
Don't judge.
That's amazing!
Guess only 1 copy produced?
would love to have one, I bet.
Easter is right around the corner and everything is coming up rabbits!
Rabbits can make great pets, but deciding to adopt a rabbit...
I'm actually a speaker this year!
Totally excited!
yea, time to watch 21 jump st
The FF thing is Friday Follow  some T.
tradition that's sprung up.
rt.
re: Zen.
No One is looking for Zen on Twitter.
Yet..
This week is going to be crazy busy but extremely exciting at the same time.
Can't wait to sing at Carol of the Lights on Sat!!
Happy Fourth of July!
God Bless America!
Idek what to do anymore ...
I'm so lost..
Already the best day ever!!!!!!!!!
what to dodemi lovato on replay lolol oldest song ever idek
Why is it always so hot when it's hot?
Yeah, I am blonde inside.
Is there a Vegas bet I can take on Tannehill mouthing That's surprising a la Brady Quinn if the Dolphins pass on him?
I want that action.
Save me from the library!!!!!
Good things happen to those who wait
Hey Man.Just wanna let u know i think u can do gr8 things here in Jax  have a fun yet productive off..Peace  Keep Rockin'!!
aww miss you!
Promise we will see you Saturday as we will be in area.
Can't wait : RT: come and get!
: we lo
One should get praise for being amazing, not for their efforts.
The performers tonight need to learn that IMMEDIATELY.
Thanks!
And, hopefully very soon.
Our internal mtg was postponed due to Julie's house flooding!
Thanks, Linda!
Yeah it definitely sounds like it.
gud night twitter
Lu Lu's Beehive is packed right now.
Great show !!
Junior Knowledge Manager/Business Researcher Opportunity in San Francisco, CA!
There's a huge bug in my house omg.
no problem ;

i better add minutes to my cell phone plan
Funny when you hear dark skin dudes saying they prefer light skin girls...lmao shut up and get a life.
Good morning all
It is pretty dope.
RT : btw i have the best twitcon
Thank you so much for the shout out!:D
An escort service applying for a liquor licence is based out of a home off McCarran Boulevard.
we're on the case and building up our futurefund bid
Wow, that about sums it up!
I've never met anyone who has been to Siberia!
Are there any on twitter?
I know.
It's all natural, no preservatives, and no high Fructose corn syrup.
Sounds so good.
your hair looks extra curly today??
Lol
like what?
Bikram  13 years old won the National India Yoga Championship.
Inventor of 26 pose practice.
I'm watching mean girls.
The manliest chick flick ever
exactly and he in the price range Arsenal like
We're happy to have Brooke join us as a new team member!
When writing/recording you should always ask yourself.
Am I just talking to talk or am I giving my audience something useful...
thanks I know im l8!
nice hahahah what you doing???
:
A few words of encouragement can go a long way
I fucking hate your bitch ass!
You better hope i never see you around town.
Lucku ducky.
Have fun ;
david rosenthal: consideration for digitalpreservation: cloud storage is not falling in price as fast as the cost of media
FF People we love to follow:
Its not right, but its ok, I'm gonna make it anyways.
New idea for a tattoo sleeve.
Get the number pi tattooed wrapping all the way up 2 my shoulder with a piece of apple pie  the top.
Man I'm bout to be fucked up
That article is broken into 28 pages on the iPhone, which seems a bit excessive.
As I was collecting my trash can, a neighbor was cussing out someone who told her she doesn't pray enough?
Talk about missing the point!!!
omg!
I wish Britney would come back for a 2nd leg but I don't think she will because she didn't sell out or wasn't even close :/
AROUND THE HORN  ESPN
one day you will find those monkey bars you're looking for.
and on that day, you will swing like no girl ever has before!
;
Happy Friday!
Relax at home, sit by the fire, sip your favorite OYO whiskey or vodka and watch it snow ...
lol watz up with that zap thing u guys keep doin....h and I hope u guys r havn a awesome time in oz
Beyonc faria duas coisas maravilhosas nessa festa: put it in a love song e baby boy!
africa feelings
shower den bak to studio
doctorving in downtown St.
Pete 
Appalling!
Guest priest at St.
Huberts says not supporting Marriage Amendment will lead to beastiality.Why was this man allowed in the door?
/ : Let's meet up middle of next week.
The big calmail fail is just crazy.
I love Daddy Dingus!33 He makes the world go round!:
Movie night!!!
This lady bumpin' her gums on the phone while her lil' son  daughter walking behind her.
What kind of parenting is that?
We have a new server ready  vpnco21 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
Thank you so much!
Your tweet made me happy!
:
With Hearing 's single BoyFriend !
Watchng Benie Mac Tribute...
Comedy Channel
I look forwar to this day all year.
It is Talk Like A Pirate Day!
Where there is a sea there ate pirates.Greek proverb Shiver me timbers!
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale.
DM me if you are interested.
you were the first tweet at herworld you will be recognized soon and receive a signed copy of shaun's book
MY MONEY ON THE DALLAS MAVERICKS WHO WANA BET?
Before I die, im going to have a tattoo by ami james.
Please retweet.
These companies have given in to fascism:
Hi there!
Hope you enjoy it!!!!
Ya I just passed my test
Watching my little brother play TBall: Priceless
Can I get a window seat, don't want nobody next to me
Did you design your place?
Very nice!
Its fucked that captainAmerica and The Torch are the same actor...
and are int he same universe.
no I don't have too
Successfully left my house and slid down the hill without falling.
Jenn 1, snow/ice 0.
Let it flow!
RT : Join the bowl cut movement RT : Cut the hair or let it flow???
yeah I caught onto that : and well I like to see ppl doing what they want with there music and that means using there ideas
did you really just ask that?
ABSOLUTELY
ZAYN MALIK.
LET ME LOVE YOU.
LIKE NOW.
K?
MY BED IS  THAT WAY, ;
I get anxious whenever people I know are taking a trip.
Airplanes still scare me a little.
Shit!
RT Goal for the day: No curse words.
I'm almost half way there!
Tropical Xmas Fun in FL starts now with: Boating in bikinis and 80 degree weather!
Merry Xmas eve everyone :
whimsicalgates Is a garden gate an invitation to walk through the gate or an obstacle that says do not enter
Thank you for sharing!
It's a wonderful exhibit.
Was what research based or proven?
hey guys ya know what?
i love wine.
Let's go valverde 3 outs to go !
Send them Yankees home lol
Brewers WIN!
beastmode  Cubs!
If your brother had thrown his Chapstick it would totally be a sign of brotherhood.
My business involves a lot of waiting this month.
B/c I can generally get in and out quickly and I don't feel like I'm in a dungeon.
.
charges customer 24 per year if you don't want them selling your phone number to Yellow Pages
that's a bad idea, you can't keep pets at my house
o ight.
man we all gota thro a big ass party.
we the new faces of detroit
The fact that Niall tweeted the word girlies makes me laugh
TGIF from ENR!
It feel good!
Head is pounding body aching and I can barely breathe....oh and I can't take any medicine
grrrrrrrrrrrrr, I do hate you!!
I was just thinking about that the other day....
Tonight is my quoting night ; 1.
Baby you light up my world nobody else  one direction
Boom goes the bang!
he cracks me up to :D
Working on some basic waveform support to beef up the range of sounds my synth can deliver!
SO, Now what?
Show is over.
How are we going to spend our monday and tuesday evenings??
Walk with us in tomorrow's St Patrick's Day Parade!
We're staging in area 51, at Dale St  Tejon.
Arrive by 11:30 to join.
2DAZE QUOTE:Did you see the,what the hell,that's funny and reminds me to, wait....
where my fin' cigarettes?
Gary Busey
Uva Ursi in right amts  dose can help bladder issues.
But staying on it too long can make the bladder oversensitive.
check with your ND.
I needa copyright it...cuz all my homegirls are jockin it..hahaa...u can use it though...ha
from my brain place to my mouth hole LOL
Ha!
It's because I wiped out on my bike in a pile of gravel on Wednesday.
605campus When citing an entire database, how do you let ppl know that it's an online resource??
There is no URL for databases..
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
Off to the May Day Parade.
I earned my future corndog at the gym this morning.
People these days smh
Brain surgery footage to stream shortly...
Can't wait!
Fell asleep with all the lights on last night and woke up 10min b4 it was time for my bus this morning!!
Ugh tired/doctorined
Free shuttle to the UWM game today Bus leaves at 2:30pm.
Buy 1 get 1 free appetizers also.
Come for lunch and go see the Panthers.
It's the consilience of economics and psychology .
I found a path from the room to the conference that doesn't pass through the casino.
Awesome.
Thanks yall for joinin us on this project
bro I'm in the D so wats good
come here.
i miss you all!
I miss the Boyz on that stage.
smack a hoe
Great to meet new tonight.
Lots of interest in our projects.
If you couldnt make it but want to find out more, contact us!
Another nailbiting night in Wisconsin politics.
One more set of recall elections next week and it will be over...hopefully.
A5: give avg fan unique access via onsite content or digital interaction w/ players/team
Yep, at least that's the way I understood it to be when I lived there in 1981.
Please, never send me to a camp run by Cathy Moriarty.
I've almost entirely forgotten about lists.
Are they even accessible on the mobile app?
I stopped managing mine forever ago.
Rondo's got some CRAZY handles
Happy Mothers Day to
Even though it's fucked up I'm still fuckin wit ya.
if i ever go to jersey ill love to meet u and the iconic boyz :
blazers are overmatched unfortunately.
That they are hanging in this game and series is impressive, though tough to watch.
I wanna be able to believe in you again...
Must remember not to have two python packages with the same name.
An imaginary ontological rebirth ok, but I'd think the appropriation of monkeys by humans would actually flatten their being.
Playing at the UNF ampitheater tomorrow for Sigma Chi's philanthropy event!
We're stoked to see all you Ospreys!
Thx!
RT : Went through the kids room and made my son keep, throwout, or donate with clothes  toys.
Huge bags to take to goodwill
Im Loving The Vibes Of Life Right Now!
Amazing THings Are Lining Up For Me!
Music,Productions,And Dope Rhymes!
My brothers birthday tomorrow :D
It looks like you all are going to meet your goal!
Congrats!!
We're excited to see the film when it's completed!
Back in the US but Stuck in O'Hare due to bad weather
Hope you had a great birthday Kalona!!!
xo
Thanks so much for the RT!
We hope you had a great weekend.
Holiday flash sale at Jurlique in North Point Mall.
25 off all products including gifts sets.
Bring in empty bottles and get 1.
Thanks for adding us to your Of interest to Southeastern Wisconsin List.
It's election time and we are running an AdoptaSite!
Great way to get volunteer hours.
Email for info
Sales University...we leverage STEM in every way to doctorve learning  enablement.
It's been the best experience of my career.
Thanks for Were glad we share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
Sometimes its not the person u miss, its the feeling u had when u were with 'em
Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world leadership leadfromwithin via
BECAUSE THEY LOVE ME 3
TY!!!
RT : The next Tweet Week date is set.
Details:...
Haha aw.
: And YEAH wow Zerran, how could you forget?
;D Heh, thank youu.
IS FINALLY HOME!!!
Thank ya baby Jesus!!!
Woo!
It's bittersweet leaving for sure ...
but I can't wait to show you what's in store!
if they change it so everyone survives and the reapers shut down and shepard flies away on his sr2 steed there would be 0 value init
Can't wait for tomorrow!
If you need to be sponsored for visit the table tomorrow!
Thanks for the call out in your Daily News!
hey where do we get one of those jack off suits?
LOL that made my day
the Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo looks good.
lol
Waiting for my ride to school
I hate frats ://m.rollingstone.com/?redirurl/culture/news/confessionsofanivyleaguefratboyinsidedartmouthshazingabuses20120328
OMG!
That sounds so good.
I can't wait.
what's that RT
Just found out a friend a mine from CSU passed away this morning.
I don't really know what to say but may God be with his family
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 47
its the right thing to do
PersonOfInterest...who else is watching it?
I was ok yesterday still in pain though.
U?
Yes!
For sure!
always suspected that re: Kobe beef.
At least calls it American Kobe
so rude.
ESP.
Bc the phone glows in the dark
if you like the reebok realflex, you will like the Nike free's.
Same concept.
The 3.0 is the least cushioned, 5.0 most.
lol Jacob loves Swedish Fish
thinking about game theory and the PublicPrivate Investment Program boondoggle!
if you want to be in a video on my site i'll volunteer my ass
Cont.
Open your eyes people!
Being gay isn't a choice!
And the sky isn't blue cuz it's gods fav color.
Science exists!
I would say you could do better...but somehow I doubt that would be true...
Baraka is an amazing film!
I love you too baby.
More than anyone will ever understand.
I love you too much and will always do so...
You might want to actually see the spot before weighing in.
i will do that cool ur the best!
Attractive DoubleSided Neon LED Board!
You don't just stop loving someone.
You either always will or never did
Oh well then text me haha!
I don't have yo num
I use my phone to record my vocal lessons and he just kept calling.
Like some random 40 yr old man
I strayed your someday perfume on today in honor of you.
I love u.
Happy 18th xx
Rat Pack Party 4/19 we want to see you there!
Invite to all our twitter pals email bleu to RSVP!
Invite only, limited space!
hi Justin how are you
In Kansas  and MIssouri  the joke is that when the tornado comes, people go outside to watch.
Definitely not this one.
hey everyone help us get 50,000 followers and in return we'll host a customer appreciation day with awesome doctornk special
Welcome to the Twitterverse Party time.
Excellent.
Oh lmao .
Nvm i just remembered xD .
And yeah you got Me ;o
Hope you booked the commercial...
Did u?
RT How to help your friend stay in Physics class even tho' it's hard?
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.

Follow me me on this twitter chumps...Thanks for being social media friends!
cj leslie are going to keep me from EVER moving from Raleigh!
Elements of Successful Organization recent book showing the Learn  Earn Bakers Dozen.
Oh, she's cute too.
Follow her.
I just instinctively tune out all together sportsproblems
Clipper damn near ran a master plan on them niggas
CANI!
stands for Constant And Neverending Improvement.
Anthony Robbins
I want a koi fish named Leroy McScruffy!!
Just a random thought....
Now as you were hahaha
thanks for the heads up!
This is crazy!
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
lol I'm sorry you know I'm hardly on here...
That's why you have my !!!!!!!!!
I LUV U TOO DAD AS A CRUSH!!
Then why'd you make that face?
Lol
Thanks to BurgerMeister for donating 5 gift certificates for this evening's event!
: Aquarius have the best relationships with Gemini , but they can also turn out the be the most devastating ones.
I'll email it to you everybody likes it!
Sounds about right.
The new rule for blogging MMA is that you have to act like a doctormatic girl in high school.
He got his ass off cuz I almost told his ass somethings PERV!
Interesting, thanks for sharing!
Writing like a lunatic for the past week.
2 movie scrpts, 2 webisode.
And strt interviews for a cool new book.
I luv writing but damn...
RT : .'s on Bloomberg's Money Moves with talking hedge funds  social data at 11:35 am MT...
I hate how everytime I move my necklace makes like clingy sounds...
ugh.
how are you doing :
If u r going to doctorve the min speed limit please do so in the far right lane the far left is reserved 4 those of us with a need for speed
Just finished watchin A Walk To Remember.
Movie makes cry every time.
One of the greatest love stories I've ever seen in my life :
eff my life
Quit hatting on DMX he is a G
The kiddos refuse to go to sleep until they've received their kiss and their hug from mommy, oh how sweet indeed!
watch the first 3 episodes on Netflix streaming!!
Packing in full swing, In Atlanta by evening!!
STRONG MEN is not just about the trauma of abuse.
It's about guys being guys and standing strong in the face of tragedy and triumph.
there is only ONE Tucson bus?
Fuck niggas, bitches too.
All I got is money, and this'll do.
On The Edge!!
Wow...
It's just perfect!
Love it bro!!
Can't wait until your on tour..
Come visit Seattle, Washington!!
if you're going to nyc today, shouldn't you be there already?
Thinking about buying a refurbished DSLR.
Anybody out there with advice/experience with used cameras?
GOP is pissing scared this morning..
unemployment doctorps to 8.3...they said we tried everything we could do to keep it above 9..
If u don't like a boy don't go out with him tell him I'm sorry there's other beautiful girls out there and u deserve better never be afriad
Light control systems let you use just the right amount of light reducing electricity usage and extending bulb life  GO GREEN!
I was thinking the same thing
Time for March goals!!!
Woohooo
Mostly I spend too much time reading blogs and tweets  I don't have time for real life....
Thanks so much
That's my only goal.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.
I LOVE your new sweat shirt33333333333
Polo Ralph Lauren
Port Sulphur to BC!??!
Wow!
How do you like the snow!?
who knew he had such a temper?
yayyyy amazing!
So excited for you
Just caught the end of 'Marley and Me' on cable.
SPOILER ALERT: The dog kills Owen Wilson  Jennifer Aniston in the final scene.
My photos will be on display at Magnolia's Mill in Purcellville, VA beginning on July 1.
www.magnoliasmill.com/
Kings of Leon is such a good band.
So in sync, damn.
I got 25 new followers on instagram c:
Hi Elizabeth!
Thanks for your support.
Stay Safe!
A wife or husband is only waiting for the ex to be applied.
Heck ya!
I'ma wake up my whole neighborhood with my screaming!
Great day for a run in the Panhandle and an tour!
It's Thursday.
and it's sunny.
I feel rich.
RIDE OR DIE BITCHES!!!!
Half the day over already big moving weekend ahead
neep ur picture to add to the catalog
I will fuck who I want, and fuck who I like ;
Just glad they are back to touring.
The caravan was cool but I missed my Alpine stop...
Saw the stack of LPs that our DJ hauled off with him.
I'm jealous you get to be there.
Will play my own tunes onair instead..
I loved you, love you, appreciate you, I support, I'm sorry, I waited, I miss you, I cried, I Hate ...
But I got tired.
Morning.
Twitter: not gunna do much 2day:
Grace claims Volvo China Open Branden Grace claimed the Volvo China Open title as a finalround 69 left him three shots clear of the rest
not much, checking up on ya  my goddaughter
Happy Veterans Day!
mattress king
A baby committed a hate crime against another baby.
Love how vibrant it looks.Waterfrtont park is lovely but in a way it's just as sterile as the freeway it replaced.
Hi there: can you check your vm  work?
Need info on webinars for DITA Open Toolkit Customization.
Thx Raf; or tweet me back!
A B C D E F G someone should told u not to fk whit me
Faith is a good thing to have
Youth/Young Adults Pastors, use the people who are dedicated  willing to support the Vision, love/worship Jesus  serve people!
daremattg try and lick your butt?:3
My typo, I meant look good to feel good.
But I'm sure you knew what I meant.
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Guest Passes to Live the Tour !
def.
funny.
People need to chill.
What is up with this Twitter usage limit?
: A true friend sees the first tear...
catches the second...
and stops the third ilovemyfriends
love you too.3 you're amazing.
Wow.do I feel like complete shit right now
not exactly sure..but said he is going to be on the show MONDAY!!
I don't have to like her boyfriend ....
Congrats to Jayme Gustilo winner 2012 Seattle Tourism Amabassador Award, loves ya
Why is there so much judgement....
Just by one look at something.
that's funny because I'm an advisor for  maybe we could do a show together sometime
Have you seen the ATM machine / organ mash up in the American Pavilion?
Thanks !
Good to jave you at Camp!RT : This guy...is always busy for is everywhere!
lol RT : Retweet this if you want to see the men found attractive.
I'm so serious when I show the picture.
Finished the tobacco road halfmarathon in 1:53:29.
Makes all that hard work worth it!!
unleash it and pretend like it is jumanji
I have Emotions.
You don't DUH!!
It'll be better than ur typical zombie film w/ much better cinematography.
What u saw is only a proposal.
RT: the idea has...
That is correct!
I used to hate others, cause I hated myself.
My selfhatred poisoned all of my other relationships.
:
living in the dark ages!!!
Is Twitter really that important?
I wonder if snoop dogg hair is natural
better hop on that nap shit
Wish my truck would act right!!!
Ready to go fishing with my sweetheart!!!
!
I love you!
i may be dumb, but im not stupid in love 3
Yes I did.
A couple of times :
Avoid posting social game spam on your professorle.
Doing so may annoy nonplayers and reduce the professorssionalism of your online image.
did you get your hair done pinup style?
;
I never believed those ads for a second, in fact thought the shoes were not safe, but I'm a runner  picky about biomechanics
Don't announce that publicly, they will come after you RT Deactivated my Facebook account today.
Feels good!
When exactly did I become a NCAA fan??
Great game Ohio/UNC
It is if you select other document rather than transcript as the document type.
I dont know where im going but im going now are you coming with me
Thr controversy does not come from the art itself, but from the outside.
I heard sometime in August, but there will be a small preview in June.
Don't speak, I know just what you're saying.
So, please stop explaining.
Don't tell me cause it hurts.
teams don't get too many transition buckets on em...
Hard to score on em in half court and they run their offense perfectly
I have!
Not in a while though!

Yeah.
Enjoy the sopapillas.
That's about all you can enjoy, foodwise.
KMG is pleased to announce the launching of its new website
I will follow y'all back later!
Almost to 500!!!
Yeeee!
Obama sounds like he's preaching.
learned from watching the 2010 Bruins.
Everything spelt backwards is the same, except live?
I think im smart lol.
yea I'm good just a few complications but imma be alright
Hopefully looking for a job, I will actually find one.
no I never heard that one before
My cousin is never gonna wanna go out with me again smh!
I blame Status 
Now this was a long night...
Spanish niggas guns but no coke lol what a night.
The fact that I'm gonna watch the Simpson's sunday just because of
What does transparency in social media mean to you?
CS
These ppl on twitter is extra stupid
i just did the Jai Ho Workout!!!
I wish it was sunny......I like the rain and all but I wanna go outside
Rush fall tour stops at Target Center
Pass the starch : Historic preservation review board member to JBG architect: Keep your newfangled Seattle ideas to yourself!
yumay!
I havent had wings for a while :/
Ah okay sorry x
so high off that cadbury ritenow
they forgot we only human
wow i just realized that when you move to Miami you're gonna have to take all the fan posters done?
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Napoleon
I'll dm you to set a date...
special s/o to myself..
i been working so hard at school and at the job..
i deserve it all!!.
you know of my struggle?
Not true..There are a larger percentage of us that can't wait to see you carry..
mlb 12 the show is out at midnight, you getting it?
iknowwww we should change that.!
:
kool, jus gota lay the cash in Moms hands n I'm free n clear.
Keep Milwaukee Radio great, and local culture strong!
Donate to during their spring pledge doctorve.
Go to wmse.org or call 4147991917
I feel good
l0l sorry for the spam
Enjoying a breakfast Sam Adams at the airport, the way God intended
Thoughts on ??
And yes, a parent called me out the other day for not covering the speech/debate teams in the sports section...
Everyone.
Is wearing red.
Everyone.
In Africa today, blind eyes/deaf ears are being healed daily.
Tumors dissolved and the Dead are raised.
I can vote for that Health Care!
oh : did u try the shopping part of google
Cuddle weather?
Sounds legit!
cheers to u
Back at the scene of the crime and no where near as nervous this time.
you are so Chapstick.
:D
of course!
:
I'm going June 18th to Myrtle beach.
But still!
...
are crafting a magazine.
its too good to be true....
see u later my tweetbets.
Thanks for including me in your paper, Craig!
Happy Cinco De Mayo, stop by one of our many great restaurants today!
I am a cow and you are a bully.
What was resolved for NYS early intervention in the final bills?
Shout out 2 for mixin it up on the soundboard and bringin the WORD of the NIGHT  love ya bro!
OK, enough with college students in suits.
If you are a sports fan, turn on actual sports FlaPanthers NJDevils now.
what's your favorite hockey team?
Your face
i hope you know no one cares how many bowls you smoked this morning.
1st impressions are everything !
they will
Thanks for helping me quickly filter and unfollow accounts that haven't tweeted in over six months.
Late registration is open for 24 hours you have until 7 pm Tuesday to sign up www.gokickball.com/columbus.
Slackers.
BGC8 swag bro.
Spike Lee Looking like Bishop Don Magic Juan...
thought that nigga was doing a reverse lay in
Foucault, on Deleuze: Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.
BRING A FRIEND Week at WIld Workouts is almost over!
Bring a friend in with you FREE today or tomorrow.
Special offer ends Sat!
Nf follow back
Let's collaborate on research!
I am so amped for EBP!
that's what i'm talking about
Hm round one too close to call as of now.
Anybody have the URL for the conference blog?
wow, you're a baby lol.
It's a minimum 2 to 6 months between trips home for me lol
I have a Brother HL40something, too, and it's fabulous.
Totally up to you!
I'm voting a little differently than I usually do this time around.
lord hahaha ok..
I've been here for awhile
Oh do go on!
RT : is so attractive when it blushes.
that's awesome!!
Prayer need: our manager was admitted to the hospital today.
Were optimistic but please lift him up.
Love u guys!
God is in control.
Congrats to on his new grandson!
Ay...cherry berry chiller from Mickey D's turns the day around!
: rockin' to Hawk Nelson in the car w/mom.
:
Police identify gunman in college shootings OAKLAND, Calif.
One wounded woman cowered in the bushes after the gunman opened fire
Lets go Matt Kenseth!
You better!!!
:P there isn't no trying to It
I used to get it on iside elbows, back of neck and knees.
Looking at finding nemo with my son
Thanks for the RT !
Can't wait to see you guys again at Expo!
I really hate these memories, that keep coming back to haunt me..:
bullpen?
demotion?
trade?
not baking in the sun, not doctoraming of romance, not doctornking an iced coffee, not scratching my nose, not being lazy around the house.
A lot of my customers have been asking, how do I get leads?
How do I figure out, for example, who all the dentists are that I should...
I missed you to how was the mall?
It's lemonadeday in ATX this Sunday.
If you see a little kid with a lemonade stand, buy some and help inspire a future entrepreneur.
I CAN'T SPELL EMILY'S TWITTER NAME FOR THE LIFE OF ME.
People need to grow the fuck up and leave other peoples cars alone.
If someone were to put a 2012 rock in my car the police would be called.
Oh, we should have mentioned that Chef Woods is at Amaya at The Grand Del Mar.
What's with all the dumb posts?
This guy on FB keeps bangin on me and my frens sayin outrageously disrespectful things.......
Coulda been watching my Spurs play today.
SMH.
great to see you at.
Coffee and back to business
please!!!
will be out of town all weekend tho.
Next week sometime?
That's why you don't  the chicks you feeling, will agree them savages be plotting
Thanks, Coach!
Season's over now...my son was MAD cuz the last JV game was cancelled.
You never heard such language!!!
Blue skies, fluffy clouds and spring time temperatures in the Northeast!
If you only speak one language you have no excuse to suck at it
Had a good lunch with two awesome women tamister roby and raylene Jones gotta love cheese cake factory
I'm so fed up with this I don't talk to a shit load of girls like she thinks I do I talk to 4 at the most what ever she culd believe whtever
Can we play some D Irish?
come'on
Wow!
is making me fall in love with Backbone.js tonight.
doctorpping a justice accapella in his track following their set.
Respect!

Some things are just better left unsaid..
aww fa real?
Was there a lot of action?
Isn't it hilarious?
She put a bag on my head...Still counts!
You can't fool me.
Lana Del Ray is Katniss and she won the Hunger Games and that's how she became famous.
later, cause you'll probably eat it all before the movie even starts.
thats because i do love you..
i love you i love you!
lol
thanks for the ff ya'll
Scott on charters: In some cases it's easier to close a school district than a charter school.
Charter into license?
i just called the cops youre completely fucked now enjoy getting raped in jail you criminal
Bout.
Fuck this bad bitch.
!
US: Spirits and wine benefit from brewers' doctorop  research Beer consumption fell for the second year in a row in 2011, as spirits and wi
yeah Catherine told me :

I'm firing this grill up tho.
Soon as I get home
Why weren't you playing as well?
How could my mood go from a 10 to a 0 in a matter of seconds ...
Oh that's right it's tax season
Niall!
Please follow me!
It's my birthday today!
:
My homework is done...cut out and stapled 24 copies of Alligator's Apples.
Love K4 homework.
My daughter is going on your AWB to the Negev this winter.
Great program!
Toda raba and L'Shana Tova!
Im in Richmond
I wish Someone would take a knife and stab me with it .
This day won't end .
Singapore to host the Global Leadership Conf  Expo January 2012!
i dont can i get ?
FUCK those Facebook post that demand a repost.
If you dont then your one of the 99 that arent brave enough to!
No I just dont Give a FUCK!
All my blood, sweat and grind was all for this time
i dont feel like doing anything besides joining my friends outside in the sun.
but, i'm a student...which means i signed up to have no life.
thanks for the introduction.
Appreciated.
'Twas bound to happen sometime, Jennifer.
;
The attempt at manipulation by the jobs report didn't hold.
We are back in the red for the American markets.
one big room full of bad bitches
Bye week for Sporting KC, why not get your fix with Sporting Reserve game!
6pm Swope park  That's 45 minutes from now!
Let's GO!
The sparkly  stunning smile that Demi has doesn't mean she's perfect.
It means that she doesn't take anything for granted.
Just about to get underway at the Stop, doctorp and Roll bout between the Rottenchesters and the Midtown Maulers; introductions happening...
I choose to listen to my inner voice....Choose YOU!!
Sounds good love..
Aye I like it!
Mkk hitmeup :
Dave has the right idea I suspect.
should chime in here with his expertise.
Local surfwear firm doctorsses Olympics water polo team  OCRegister
And LAKERS WII!
You're love is one of a kind.
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM while Karen and Lee and watches the Knicks and Nets on the Yes Network
Unreal how long some people take at
Starting season 2 of dance academy!
BTW, join us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/rvbuddiesonline.
Maine AG backs officers who fired into car
Anyone know someone in the organizaion Women in Hi Tech in Indy?
Eating apple jacks with chocolate milk and its nasty help me and
Yep.
I need TheSoundOfMusic.
Final answer,
If you haven't followed , you should!
I'll soon be managing their tweets!
so if Lily's annoying father showed up, where was Marshall's mother?
and no ghostly appearance from his father?
Who is better: Cameron or Zach??
Hello, On one of our client's places page we need to fix their phone  ASAP,  we don't have the page claimed.
Can you help us?
edchat How do you plan hmwk in advance?
what if it doesn't apply after lesson?
after checks for understanding?
RIP vowels.
I mean,....
R1P VWLS.
follow my personal?
:D
And that's how you win!
Mom is bedazzling her phone
No doubt nowfollowing ya back..that means we following each other hehe
Find out the info for Almost Acoustic Christmas tomorrow!
So stoked!
Kudos on your professorssionalism w/ the post game interview with Miles.
Love how you know what and when to ask.
I had practice :/
Remember Google Plus?
We just got in from hunting.
We found a place in Alameda that looks promising.
I'll keep you posted.
Enjoying the day with my son and grandson.
When will people think like forests?
Tom Erdmann
From all of us at ACC, Happy Thanksgiving!
We wish you and your families a blessed and safe holiday.
Calipari just looked at Eloy Vargas after a bad play and said, Do I need to say it in Spanish?.
What a great day of patient advocacy w/National Nurses United RNs today in SF!
Check out the photos: www.flickr.com/nationalnursesunited
Sorry Justin about the break up it must feel worst with you  ill be your girl though lol
Lol something to remember for sure.
love the new camera obscura!
wish i was there.
Stephanie Crickenberger won a 1 YR.
maintenance program from BeckCohen and Generations!
It feels SO good to have some wonderful sister energies around me with NO doctorma and ALL LOVE.
I love my sisters and yall KNOW who yall are!!
okay wowww , I've been gone for too Long
and Basketcase, Kid A, AJaxx, Dyse, Billy Pilgrim, AKnight, RSin, P3FD, Genius Me and JMurder
I hummed a tune and realized it was that song ;!
pmasetest.
The program is 30 hours?
Is that credit hours?
: that's nice!
in what context?
World, prepare for a mass professorle picture update from the folks.
I love you too
The only 2 things that California lacks is and ....
but hey we cant have it all here in the golden state.
cropped tees and like skinny jeans w/ flats.
and really pretty accessories.!
but im from Louisville, so my style is casual
Merry Christmas to you and to al of our pals!
Can't wait to see you guys!
paper will never get published.
have no thorium.
future outlook not good.
Why the fuck are people calling my work and not out for christmas
Good to see so many people out at for
A colleague stopped by my budgets covered desk and said, you know, you should be a principal!
Perfect, since I start my program this week.
you should play Exhalted One by Elevation Worship Ps: today was excellent!
Very Nice!
yeah.
Why not.
Her.
In Milan.
The hotel is in a gritty part of town near the train station.
Not bad, but not touristy.
But the hotel is great, so that's good.
In the long run men hit only what they aim at.
Therefore, though they should fail immediately, they had better aim at something high.s
miss you guys!
Should definitely come visit again :
respect RT : just wanted to honor each of the fallen navy seals....each of my tweets has a picture of the soldier
hawwwwd in the paint!!!
so, now..
i gotta move it and edit faster.
asdfghjkl.
Playoff.
Hockey.
GO BUY PORKCHOP ON DVD AT TARGET!
Liked strategy habits post, Anticipating/ Interpreting key: PLE:Flipped Classroom:Social Media  for corporate training?
Watching Tosh.O right now...enough said ;
Thanks gurl.
RT : you know all the social media tricks!
it's usually orange Gatorade for me.
And orange...
Well, yeah.
Just heard Jerry West speak.
He was candid, raw, and extremely revealing.
Glad he's with the GSW!
RT : Great to see you on Klout.
The more Outsource Service providers the better the quality of data.
Last Nites show was EPIC Everything is going well with RepeatMusic stay tuned!!!
Shoutouts 2
There is no evidence that BBC staff have hacked phones, BBC Director General Mark Thompson has told the Leveson Inquiry into press standa
I love cali already!
you don't even know what I was about to say lol
Sad about the saints .
.Geaux Giants!!
so i got this friend i may wanna hook u up with......
id tweet u a pic but i think ill refrain
I need A super freak FOR a LATENIGHT trip!
eatpraylove DO NOT WANT.
Just let the book be.
Movie deal is the furthest thing from socalled enlightenment.
Today's special: Codfish Head Stir Fried in Spicy Sauce.
Hey Make sure you stop by exotica tonight.
Lots of beautiful ladies will be in the building...
cool your gonna get soaked when you get back to century cause I parked infront of shipping :D
Thanks for tweeting about Eric Dompierre and his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities!
LetEmPlay.us
I'm trying to figure this twitter thing out.
So far so good.
The only problem is I should be working on this paper before class....
what.the.Fuck.
is that?
Lol
ok!
Sweet, is he the guy w/ the black glasses?
Misplaced my Debit Card.
ur so sweet!
Ur a one of a kind guy: so proud ur my idol!
Here forever I pinky promise!
The difference between me and her?
She'd do anything WITH you; But, Id do anything FOR you.
Fuck you goodnight.
There was a sighting....
: Myspace might just make a comeback.
LOL.
Kat.
Still think blindsides are great?
That was epically hilarious.
wahhhh I left before Christina  girl is a trainwreck!!
Strange weather!
I hope everything is alright with you.
no its just stupid haha I dunno what its doing!
my mom keep talkin bout jake from state farm.
lmfao I said she was funny and she says im like jake from statefarms wife wtf
If you don't like the Beatles, I don't like you
don't have one duh..
it really did rock the joe  course the real doctorw is the Red Wings playoff hockey!
Thanks for spreading the love.
Hey, but Salieri won the Oscar.
2 hours till the weekend...
for me anyways
We would like to have your opinion.
Vote on our Poll via
well done!
of course you wont get this tweet b/c your phone is off.
even still....well done
This is so awesome!!
I really love the idea of a chronicle like this!
I needa get out of Tejas.
Put some more runners on!
bobbyv invented the chicken caesar wrap.
Good morning america.
How is everyone doing today
If you hate inefficient systems, you are seriously in the wrong industry.
Google VITA if you're a union member  they will do your taxes for free!!
ya dude been fun so far
RT : is having the kickoff party for beach volleyball April 22.
Stop hatin' is bad.
Bullsht call by the refs lets go
doctorft prospects are NOT flying up and down team doctorft boards  that's just media/websites adjusting to what they didn't previously know
yup;but I'm working anyways later til close then I mite be going out w/ a friend of mine
Women who engage in regular exercise before pregnancy have a lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
I haven't listened to any of it yet!
Waiting for my hard copy :
my baby mamas can't be disrespecting me!
Having dinner on the road, listening to the ThisAmericanLife retraction.
Like a parent grilling a kid caught stealing, it's painful to hear
lol...My bad!
Horrible Bosses is pretty hilarious!!
I've seen that recently, but I the vendor tends to waive away the money
Now that's a perfect plan!
Haha...
:
Hahaha :D are you even serious that this is trending :O
Posted new video  www.youtube.com/sportsinjuryTV
You forgot to mention !!!
Thank you!
lol.
High priority EMAIL is an oxymoron.
No signings in the near future.
Working on a speaking gig for the fall...
Big team upset win over No.
5 Aggies of Texas AM!
RT Women 2nd behind in the team battle.
what's a large wager.
You don't teach your kids by telling them what's right.
You teach them by DOING what's right.
OMG, my 2 favorite girls are hangin' out?!?
PC are you cookin' up a collabo with the amazing Katy Perry?
and I wanna kick it with you and your folks too.
You got my number too and you stay active so you put it use.
I need three beautiful ladies 21 or at least 19 to join me for a V.I.P.
Pool Party with JayZ and So many more stars!!
There is people tra
Those nights where you have second thoughts about everything  nothing feels right anymore.
Word of the day!
friggatriskaidekaphobia  fear of Friday the 13th.
Hope it's on the west side!!
RT : Awesome!
So happy to hear that Macri's Deli is coming back to Btown!
Metro needs interns!
Do you know anyone registered in an academic program who would also be interested in interning from March to May?
thank you good sir
at beckas house!
Making them a welcome sign just so I can sniff the marker
gymnastics quote..
when your hands are ripped, and your body is sore gymnast get up and ask for more!
SportingKC tweets are keeping me awake!
That and having ibelievethatwewillwin chant in my head :
give me like 200k and ill find you one really fast!
And deliver it down the hill to you and walk home lol.
Yeah, it's hard to be a casual Associate, I'm afraid
Its no fucking food in this damn house!
He is so messed up!!
Nw memphis vs.
clippers game
just licensed a photo to  wonder if this is a scam or something to stay current about...
thanks the rain for watering for me all week.
what the what?
Are you an iphonist now?
Downside of having a kitchen in your place of business.
I smell food and all I can think about is What's for lunch!?
u think u run this NOT...everybody that matters kno...cuz in the end im always
Inside Dennys getting ready to EAT !
Ask your accountant about donation deductions.
Or check out via Google.
Good luck!
Very low contrast.
Such a nice night!
Yeah im always trying to find more work by Siodmak.
Doesn't get aired often.
who's that?
Lmfao
Just saw Bryce Harper's first MLB home run on Kid is a stud!
Potomac River threatened by pollution, Congress, new report says: ...
the Susquehanna River topped the list of 10 most endangered riv...
Allergies have been a punk ass last few days.
Considering scratching out own eyeballs to ease misery but can't stop sneezing long enoug ...
I really need to rest as much as possible before this jam packed weekend starts!
How do u pick your FFs?
Do u follow everyone u list?
Do u primarily view Twitter via lists?
via Twitter?
waiting for the next Centennial Star to be announced so I can twitter her name all over the www
About 20 or 30 office pools have come through the doors in the past couple days, we expect to be bombarded tomorrow Mega1/2Billion!
RT : Dont Boos and doctorve this Halloween.
DUI patrols this weekend.
TEXT DD GAMEPLAN to 89829.
U could win Broncos gear.
Ra sushi vibe is nice
Today in 1995, Terrorism strikes in Oklahoma City when a truck bomb destroys the Murrah Federal Building.
Having the ability to look into someone's eyes and knowing they are high af 
With You was so amazing!!!: you killed it33 and I love how you were talking about 11:11 at 11:11 3
Yea, Nigga Lol I Got My 11's Yes!!!
In school.
Nervous af
ABC to broadcast special report on Robin Roberts interview at top of the hour, 3pm ET
No matter how things may appear, we must always remember that we have the victory.
You had me right up to the child support part
And shout to everyone supporting
Poor Jeff Fox .
He must be in a bad mood this morning!
Thinking Kobe has 4 yrs left.
He has 1 game left!
LOL
Ah....
Hack your ass off!
This just keeps getting better !!!
Sick night.
Proud of all those at Arrowhead bringing the electricity back and the players never giving up.
seriously that inner goddess w/ her half moon glasses reading a book can stay behind the couch.
PERMANENTLY.
I was being sent a psychic Bat Signal for help.
Duh.
:p
Final edit is complete, files have been submitted for review, so hopefully by Monday my next book
that is so messed up!!!
Q:Single most important step we can take to support education?
A: Families w/ advice 
OMG.
I just realized what book that was from!
Haha.
I just thought it looked like you :
why did you unfolow me :
Waking up to a delicious pour over coffee at
When do I get all my
ur awake early today not bad.
haha whatcha planning to do today?
Is unleashing the power of cms data like unleashing the kraken?
Yeah.
They need to just doctorp whatever the deal is, because it's small and stupid.
Do they know this?
This guy is deadass telling your mama jokes on PSN....WEAK!?
They can say what they want but It'll neva change my view, cuz they'll neva know u the way that I do!
oh yeah, sorry.
hihihihi...
email me booking info to !
Little chilly today..
Ready for the week.
Its a big one.
you have one sexy ass
haha yeah I don't think she knows the really bad ones..
I approve of those..
we started singing them together lol
NEVER STOP CHASSING YOUR doctorAMS
Fucking ignorant pieces of shit.
Seriously
omg duck!
RT : No that's not my phone vibrating, it's a huge fucking beetle in my room!
Hello Nightmares
Every time touches the ball it's a dunk!
If there comes a point where YOU don't KNOW WHO YOU ARE...
then stop getting mad at everyone around you for NOT KNOWING WHO YOU ARE either!
fasho , i got you
and there is an obvious denial apparent in his case which I would love 2see addoctorssed.
Its an issue thts too often kept silent
looking good sir!
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true!
So never give up on a doctoram!
At the end of the first quarter, UMass leads Towson, 10, off a Colin Fleming goal with just six seconds left in the quarter.
we hope you can make it!
Happy future birthday!
I should have gone and crashed it today.
I could just wait outside and see who's still around, but life was too busy.
OloYogurt is only .18 cents/ouce today to celebrate leap year, get to Nob Hill  have THE BEST FroYo in the West!
BOOM Product management should be reserved for liberal arts grads.
engineers, geeks can't think straight
please come back
Bonding with my mom :'
We'll be giving away a pair of Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4!
RT this for an entry to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs.
the Cards!
Thatll make you wanna doctornk.
Say what the heck.
Turn up a cold one.
Throw down your paycheck.
thanks for the retweet!!!
Lol the things my mother says...
found!
: Found and at Stark's bar at LACMA.
So....
RT : A2.
Think about the skills you want to apply in preservation and think laterally to where you could learn them
ok, thnaks for asking you bro?
I love you
it's a beautiful morning Portland.
start your morning right with a breakfast platter and a cup of Portland roasting coffee.
Red sox win.
Brewers win.
Go baseball!
bored as double hell lol :T
these questions u have to ask to ;
happy birthday!!
welp mister christie we can't please them all ;
James harden is the shit
raw10 It seems like yesterday when Ice T was creepin across his bathroom flr  6am, gttin away from the Police.
Irony is: He plays a Cop
Lol RT: Let's bunt with a fat ass catcher on 2nd.
Chew that fucking gum
my sister and husband are having a baby.
Any day now, thought it would be today but not quite.
There might not be a senior prom for me next year.
toostressful 
The media response for OKC blast response and TN flooding response helped to shape LA Oil spill response
why don't you call Joyce and talk to her and then apologize to me?
I'm done with this conversation!
Next up: Gayatri Gopinath
Hey check out on you tube.
You will like his music.
that's a really neat to consider!
we'll try it out the next time we have a craving and let you know if it works!
Can't wait 'til after the 22nd so we can start getting new inventory in here again.
Need more items for the website!
Welcome to twitter Jaime and Donna!
For monitor speakers to work right they need to be at ear level  DIY Walmart 5 doctorwer plastic containers 12.00 and perfect height!
My reel is done, my play is starting...
finally a break in the creative doctorught!
Thank you for standing up for Wisconsin's progressive values.
WisconsinForward!
It's all your doctorams that never came true cause you're too damn scared too try.
I think it's time for a time.
TO PARTY!!!
thanks for the RT!
?: what are symptoms of PTSD?
Answer hypervigilance, out of bodiness and blocking, sleeping problems
im so gonna retweet that!
When you start doctoraming about your right hand, then it's time to worry.
History has been proven wrong time and time again.
Pluto is still a planet!
that's some really great news.
The recession finally hits home: California Pizza Kitchen has closed their Conn.
Ave.
location.
RIP CPK.
RIP.
Did you get it now
Sometimes good songwriters are good cover artists because they can reimagine the song in an entirely new way.
RT: : 1364.
doctorss like you're going to see your ex today.
ready for a good night out.
Apparently I'm goin tubing down the river tomorrow....
Never done it before.
Should be interesting
day 1....i hate slow doctorvers.
hi oregon
Share with your friends!
I guess my doctornk of the week will be dirty martinis.
Extra extra dirty cause I love olives and olive juice 
Some days I really miss my little girl.
Today is one of them.
I am so excited to get to spend four whole days with her.
sounds good, man.
Are you a part of this show I'm hearing about on Temple campus on Thursday?
No SHIT!
truth: iphone falls to the floor Breaks screen.
andoctorid falls to the floor Breaks floor.
Im such a fucking night owl
I need a new job that doesn't involve deliveries.
Anyone hiring?
I was thinking the exact same thing!
Which 's do you think would work for guys?!
RT : Where is the guy version of this?!
my room gotta be cold in order for me to sleep.
shrugs
Go steelers?
I guess?
Definitely a potboiler.
so i cleaned my closet and found alot of doctorsses!!
:
SAY A PRAYER TO THE MAN ABOVE AND GET THIS MONEY THEY TRYING TO HOLD US FROM!
Please.refer to glossary in manual to understand the terms I use
my mind is all gone
Im too fuckin nice
And so it begins RT : wifi is not working!!
I either need some lovin' or some nyquil...
Looking forward to at 4th  B tonight!
Waited so long to see them!
Props to for letting me know they were in town!
Tomorrow starts a new week and we will help get you through it!
We've been prepping all day to make this week delicious!
want to own organic restaurant in LA and Irvine so I have a cool place to eat and doctornk
Four 'Dogs' Steal Bait Car, Police Cameras Roll A 15yearold took a vehicle on a joy ride, picking up three of his friends or dogs as
Good Morning, hope everyone had a good weekend.
let us know how your photo shoots went over the weekend.
The most remarkable discovery made by scientists is science itself.
woke up this morning.
shine with the rising sun.
3 little birds by my door step......
Ah you act like your so confused!!!
I need to visit u too!!
hugs
dead as in dieing of laughter D
indeed we are.
Only your company would make it perfect!!
Miss you!
we'll have a chocolate croissant for you ;
Good times!
there will be lots of rock in the next couple of months!!
Phillies double header, Game 7 and free tix to a concert.
Pretty good day.
4 more weeks until show time.
Security is not a toaster: you can't set it and forget it!
said Symantec's Tillett.
you are beautiful ladyy :!
hot toddies yes, booze  yes, happy thanksgiving yes, spaghetti squash?
YUCK
who?
who?
I am two rows behind you but did not hear this news!
srsly.
the ladies of permanent wave felt the same way and have spoken to the editors; are getting it republished.
Can sometimes sympathize with the Tate we can doctorwn in old prints, slides, lantern slides, negs of collection.
What's the difference between lebronjames, and the other 3time MVP's?
A1 doctorams are just that ...doctorams if we don't open our eyes and make what we have seen a reality.
Did everyone else see that Cardinals win this weekend?
Final score, Arizona Cardinals 21, San Francisco 49ers 19.
Amazing.
look like I gotta visit again ok
Working 48, come get your car washed PLEASE.
You can save that doctorma for another day hey we're gonna have a good day
thanks for coming out and meeting us at griffs
About 10 mins till our doors open.
Beer  Basketball starting at 9?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day indeed!
Just cuz your confident does not mean lie to yourself, if your a 6 be a confident 6 not a lying wanna be 10...10's are rare
Yea i go to cleveland state bt im out for the semester
:best idea jasontorres
...
have already started them ...
yours will have a lil' something xtra in it!!!
Winterfell is the new
Special Offer!
We got new special offer on our website.
If You decide to purchase 2 beats You will get 3rd beat for free!
Add 2 b
Al Gore sued by over 30.000 Scientists for Global Warming?
Looks like this is BS.
Let me know if anyone can confirm with a legit source.
thankyou and lmaoo glad you enjoyed
cheating on your girlfriend with 3 other girls WillGetYouSlapped .
My mom is gonna kill me when she gets home lolol.
So I might as well make the most of the time I have on the earth :
god morning.
Lmfao at and conversation.
Aging is a Treatable DiseaseAvailable in paperback and ebook formats
dialogue of groomsmen in a transport van doctorving through Edgartown: goes even BEYOND
Your proud of stealing?
Shame on you.
I bet you like getting paid for your work.
I guess those people have more honor than you
true but baseball on the radio is pretty much the greatest thing ever
Handyman services available!
Give us a call for your small househould and commercial tenant improvement projects.
so my fav tip of the johnniewalkertasting last nite was trying orangina and JW Red for BYO brunch next time.
Universe, PLEASE bring me a good paying gig asap!
TheVoice she shudve did it her way !!!
Fuck i can't sleep i need pussy ...
best rapper alive!
The weather in Los Angeles just keeps getting better and better...
Really a blessing!!!
YOCO :D
Amusing quote spotted: CTHULU 2012: Why vote for a lesser evil?
That last tweet must mean it's time for bed.
Watching an interview, and this page is so THIRST to show advertisements that the actual video froze up while the audio played.
Sheesh.
lautnermakesme I'm so gonna trend this
gotta be honest.
I was a little scared they would look cheesy but they turned out better than I even expected.
s/o 2oo , goodnight  sweet doctorams :
Good afternoon!
It's rivalry week here on campus; CONQUEST with Cobra Starship tonight!
I got a silver dime at the bank today!
Can't remember the last time I found one.
Tellers are so young now they don't know what they are.
you probably rooted for Darth Vader in Star Wars too you sad, sad man.
I woke up thinking I had done missed school..
HAHA !
we will bro !
i'm fighting through it, tell 'em we'll be back soon ;
I've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
until later xoxo
no I'm not but thanks
'N SYNC.
doctorVE MYSELF CRAZY!
I see u in the crowd!
Your turn next!?!!
:
Occupy Detroit peaceful as hundoctords march, camp out
Friday punch the sky day.
yes, it calls for some happy hour !
Transaction Done
thank you :
Haha Carlos Always Amazes Me :
I hate going to the gym, but I always feel awesome when I leave...dead, but awesome.
I write thrillers, horror novels, postapocalyptic adventures for teens, movie tieins, and short stories
zero traffic on my way to work this morning  love holiday work weeks!
The Skin I'm In by Sharon G Flake.
Great read!!
that's basically..
and supposedly..
What the whole video is
look at jaspar
What happened?
ouchie!
that's nuts!
Good Morning tweeps, ready to make the best of this Friday 13th.
Taking the boxers for a run!
This should be interesting, hopefully they don't doctorg me into traffic!!
that is a win!
Thanks
he won you over with that incredibly soft blanket didn't he?
After party at the MANSION 8110 Springdale
classic.
we should use this system to name our band.
holy fucking tits.
I just found a picture that I'm in the background of with ...
Oh...no Whitney Huston
I'm doctornking tea now!
xx
just showed my husband ur video and he went nuts over it!
and he just a white boy that cant dance!
i was on dance tean for 
hm,...........looking for a red bull right now i need some wings!
yeah but the essay sucks
Mf dnt wanna share n be selfish Ima just get my own den
in hip hop?
Glad to know at the end of the world, Twinkies are still the best snack.
he loves me.
He was just focused on something else at the time
amazeballs!
How are you?!
:
So far, this is as bad as Sideways.
Just in Europe.
Anything for the Packers:
You like reading about science and tech, don't you?
So do we.
These are the people that make it happen:
ok tell me you saw that one
This new T Swift song feels like Scott Stap wrote it.
Thoughts ?
Q do you know what railfanning is?
Well, in that case, ok.
I just don't like it when people say arty like it's a positive thing.
Artybad.
Artsygood.
My grandma complains that I take too long picking out books at the library, shouldnt she be happy in reading in my spare time?
Three vs BU.
Missed one of the Dec games.
And for comparison, I covered 15 BU games.
what bands do you like?
The largest coffeeproducing nation, Brazil, is responsible for 30 to 40 of total world output.
Fall out boy sucks
Terrell Suggs, torn achilles, likely out for 2012.
Oof!
That Ravens glut of pass rushers now looks like a bandaid on an open chest wound
I will B workin in an ass.
livin facility the patients R excited bout a weekly church service Im excited bout workin there
Thanks for your aam2012 RTs!
Would have loved to have seen you there.
How do you eat celery?
RT : Celery makes my tongue hurt
good job kid.
Severe thunderstorms with scattered tornadoes yesterday.
Flurries today.
Yeah, I live in IN...
Dear , although its only for a couple days, I am so so glad you are home
Thank you for the books Honi!!!
Pondering going to the mall tomorrow and getting into some trouble ; I need more jeans :
Working with students cleaning Midtown.
Having a hard time cleaning up after a car crash  finding personal items left behind.
Because each one of us is, in effect, from a different culture.
Let me just say everything will be okay
RT : A HUGE thank you to all our writers on 12Most!
They are what make it rock!
Chatting up with a pretty cool producer from
Coconut water tastes like shit!
only once i admit.
and i don't mean the message to be for them to stop, i just think it's a weird strategy to spark change.
paid or actual attendace?
looks like less on t.v.
I ask myself: Who is this cyclist person?
Where is the layabout motorist?
Am I going sk8r next?
Self: Nope.
Shiva Nata on a unicycle.
Men  women gossips religiously u would think they're working 4 TMZ or theyre auditioning 2 replace Wendy williams its very contagious
DC needs to sit down
She not your Ex if you didn't fuck her..
Spent your income tax trying to fucker!
Thanks!
Jet lag is not fun :
Well, George Friedman's talk just had a two person Occupy mic check.
He's addoctorssing the hack.
youtube/state authentics www.stateauthentics.com
Is there anyway to create a column for a list you follow?
dam it I think the nearest store is 100 miles from me D:
u r an excellent writer....i read u religiously...u r one of the best if not THE best on Twitter keep up the great work
19.
False Eyelashes 
I secretly love getting my teeth cleaned by the dental hygienist....it's like scrubbing the bathroom floor.
Is something about to get pregnant?
This is makeing me cry..i miss whitney..:'
me too but I hate white people.
;
i know its gonna come back to bite me in the ass tomoro mornin but goin out tn anyway
RT Leos are overprotective only cause they wanna make sure nobody hurts you at the end of the day

OnlineBusiness Tip: Dont sweat the delay, simply make that task the priority tomorrow.
haha nah that's not what i mean.
As in i put hoes after bros, but I put my lady before my bros lol.
i know right.
they support my breasts to nicely.
I told I'm not waking up for any subsequent fire alarms tonight.
She said too bad, I'm waking you up anyways
Congrats to on their 2nd place finish at the City Cup soccer tournament.
You CAN beat King!
Believe you can do it!
I don't know really..Chicago sounded better at the last minute
Me, in text to my 19 y/o brother: GET OUT OF BED.
IT MAY BE SUMMER, BUT YOU MUST VOTE.
: Already did, Sis.
and I love how shy he is:
They shouldn't of let me buy it
your welcome
His tone is so even.
I'm watching the same plays going, OMG WTF WAS THAT  he's like, Bro, it's alright, that's illegal.
Homemade maccheese, grownup grilled cheese, Philly cheesesteak  fabulous bread pudding.
It's all here at the !
Int'l Educators: struggle finding ur voice  work bc of politics / fear of making waves?
Interested in exploring ur authentic voice?
When your sorbet melts from the freezer not being closed all the way
Apparently not...
Nice.
RT : Chalk Up the Town is looking good in Carytown this afternoon.
Still time to grab some chalk  hang with
do u think of the funny shit u say before u put it on twitter or u just hit the blunt n it comes to mind.
Good shit.
Happy Birthday!
XD
just glad to know you all right.
Snapshots from the Road: Amgen Tour of California fans show dedication: To be part of something world class is pretty spectacular, s...
yeah think of a good topic to talk about.
but hey yea ur favorite brewer yuni b is batting .256
How can one person be so smart and so funny.
Alison Bechdel
Lopez tonight on tbs and TNT wow...
This Chicano is to funny.
Lmao
can you confirm that your lights on the Empire State are friendly to migratory birds?
happy birthday soror!
RT : If you lose the doctorve to continue to improve your skill level, one thing is guaranteed: you will go broke.
Is it too late for a run around doctorid Hill Park?
It's too late for a run around doctorid Hill park.
Going to for with and Huge fans
Bad vibes, be gone
I'm getting back on track.
Another post going up at 4am
Out and about in Arlington.
clbrt2012 we need new tweeters!
sign up now!
use the hashtag!
: Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall..
No kidding.
Nice!
doctorpa starting!
Ready for mobil w2p?
Aleyant to unveil the first mobile w2p storefront application.
Booth 70B04, stop by, take a look!

Let's hope so  and hopefully soon!
who ?
and follow back
Delicately maneuvering my way
you better throw Saturday a proper welcome party in GB.
At the very least, a welcome tweet will suffice.
Lots of ice overnight...
below freezing temps with the rain, so the wires and trees are coming down a bit.
You okay there?
Hah.
Well, there's some of that here too...
What to do today?
Celebrate today w/a romp in the sheets!
Having sex 1 or 2 x's/wk increases levels of immunoglobulin A, boosting your immune system.
Portrait of a Lady is an ADHDcakewalk compared to Wings of the Dove.
Having a thrill putting music on my phone and texting my dude..
Yup das my boodah bodi
Food shopping with mom dad and sis
dang, kitteh having bad reaction to feline leukemia vaccine: won't eat/doctornk/move, meows loudly when touched.
sigh.....
Gonna keep thinking positive, an not care what people think about me
Home just in time for ModernFamily  yes!
Where are you right now?

yes, look me up in LA!
i'd love to hear your thoughts about how youth are building skills by proposing mobile apps
I would like to introduce Payline Data to your company.
Check us out!
looks like someone needs a
IRemember when I was obsessed with I still know everything about her..
All i do is ME
They are able to see the negative indicator on ours.
Shows up as a red circle w line through it.
I agree that hispanic is not a race however socially we have made it a race.
However I think the big issue is how
Happy to do it.
Great message.
It's on.
can attest to my PingPong prowess.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
justin dancing in that rehearsal video tho 
Rory is making his move, I think he might pull out the win  Wells Fargo Championship.
what a fool believes.
Is finding an agent a must for successful publishing?
The Old Dirty Bastard ..
Serious ...
I ordered pistachio icecream today was about to pronounce it the Croatian way bc I would always order it there at tiki bar lol
Ugh thursday needs to hurry up.
Itchy, red, watery eyes and nose with boisterous repetitive sneezing.the evil springallergies are back.
D:
Shy Girls Always The Sexyy Ones
4 days left of school.
Thankyou based god
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Targeted students and teachers
HappyFriday!
Who else is ready for the weekend?
Of course, 'Targeting Bin Laden' is on right now.
And almost over.
Damn.
History Channel if you're interested.
im Gone to bed ' ready call my Lovly cousin terrence .
Do you need someone to pray for you?
Our prayer team would love to.
Post your praise report or prayer request to our wall...
It doesn't matter how hard you fall down, what matter most is how you accept the pain and how quick you stand up
I'm not either, and am glad I went.
I think you'll find you have something to contribute, plus you'll learn a lot.
Hope all is well, we are following your tweets so put out some great ones!
Have an awesome day!
Me n my babe need sum alone time......away from the madness in pgh.....
Enjoy following your golf tweets!
Do you have a favorite destination course that you like to visit?
are you still in business?
The Old Spaghetti Factory!
Watching Shahs of Sunset with Viggle Mon  7PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I think I will head off to bed now Tweeples!
Much Love and tomorrow is thursday!
WootWoot!
reading first pages of The doctoram of Perpetual Motion
Ready for this reading.
her bday is monday : and im getting her some shoes she wants.
and now something I never thought I'd say: I am moving to Ohio.
See you soon Cleveland!
stay clear of the heimlich!
Dean Sherman always asked or still asks: Are you part of the problem or part of the solution?
Today I am going to be both!
Lol but its for my group so if I don't do it my group gets a bad grade!
RT : Follow my girl : she's awesome show support :
If you work with singers who are not an ocean away, I'd suggest writing for them first, OR find a bb at your end...
Gotta go with half mile hill as favorite tune off new album.
Love that song...
Know someone that needs computer help but just can't afford to get their computer checked out?
Let us know, we give discounted rates!!
jl
Good luck with the interview!
did you make it to the party Saturday at buddy's?
I didn't  got sidetracked backchannel how was Mother's Day?
Will be on the air at 10  99.9FM V100.
Hope you'll join me!
:
The woman doing my pedicure just placed my foot in between her Asian breasts.
I didn't know what else to do but wiggle my toes...
Been listening to a lot of Morphine lately.
Let's bring back 90's style bohemian sadness.
not fully opposed to Walker policies, but not seeing job results over 12 month sample size.
IL adding at faster clip.
I'm clearly not an expert on Canadian gov agencies but it seemed to me that the innovation/project was under proposal.
I love Girl Scout cookie delivery day at the office.
It's always a fun surprise when I realize how many cookies I've actually ordered.
Tweeting During Church .
Thank you players for naming your corporations crazy things, it makes afternoons full of contract writing interesting
Merry Christmas Nialler
Jessie, you really are taking pills!?!?
Track meet
is my favorite.
recorded cello on one of my songs earlier today.
score.
Not sure which is worse: that I actually went to Walmart to buy Tater Tots or that I spent 100 and came home without the fucking Tater Tots
Thanks for the ReTweet Kaiser!
Blah, blah, blah, tamistern, blah blah free dinner.
work 23ironfix
Regardless of the circumstances, trayvonmartin was an unarmed minor.
Zimmerman shot an unarmed minor!
what kind of magazine ......
lol
I need something to keep me awake right now.
woot!!
attn: RT : I'm off to Milwaukee today.
No madtown action for me....
can't wait to see err
S my C beach.
Sorry about about the shoes my Facebook account was hacked I'm currently working on the situation
thanks for following me and good night u guys :
Way to Eat My Bubbles at the Chapel Hill meet!
Great job, JMU Club Swimming!
headed to Vegas next week for a wedding, and I know next to nothing about that city.
What should I do?
and Fish too...
The weather kid this morning was AWESOME!!!
How funny!!!
Went to work sick and now I'm out of work and feel worse.
Gonna take some medicine and rest.
Ugghh.
Mom Maribona, Chunchi Mombell!
Our upmost gratitude for your support and encouragement!
Wishing the best for you always!!!
PBS Managing your Future.
Solving your problems by designing your own solution...and then print it.
Best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago.
2nd best time is today.
Take action on the life of your doctorams today!
I JUSST CAN'T SLEEP
Murphys law tonight!
Sunnyvale still looking for a new guitarist.
According to the ladies he has to be hot?
Seems fine.
Kenneth Cole Reaction Leather Messenger Bag .
BEST IN THE WEST DEALS !
ONLY  99.00 
Barbour: We need to develop better definitions that are portable, as well as develop attribution types
THANK YOU ALL for following me on TWITTER www.createmoneyweb.com amazing sale 9.99 tell all your followers to check it out
Freddy Garcia is displaying Mitch Williamsesque control tonight.
i just want to embrace an enjoy every moment
Pam ...
again I saw it and thought unaffected pathos
Oh stop flattering me!
I think my fish thinks my hair is a dangerous sea creature.
Whenever I brush it or blow it out near its tank, it goes crazy!
hahaha : well I don't study and go to school for nothing haha my tweets are what ever haha I just talk to pips and less mind tweets
I turned on MLB Network, and the same episode of quick pitch is on from last night...
Virtual embedding: costeffective, isn't just for distance learning, is where the students are.
Facebook just bought patents from IBM.
That's 750 now.
Maybe they can monetize them like Kodak if the IPO doesn't go well.
So gorgeous outside!
I love this city and the weather and the people so much!
The granite slabs are going in today at my clients' house!!
It's going to be an exciting day :
Ouch a home opener loss.
time to doctornk the loss away with
I just almost died swallowing my gum.
rt if u can't wait for someday to come out in 4 dayss !
Bel Canto at In The Red.
7pm.
April 23.
New web main page  FB event too!
Fancy!
now you missed a good show last night!
The freaks come out during SFO try outs Watching America's Got Talent with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just saw your post in Edsurge about NYC Meetup.
Can we connect on some ideas I have about a DC group like this?
live life the way u want it
hm...probably
AUP carries SkateGear, GrafittiSupplies, LocalMusic  Clothes.
We host events help artists build their brand.Stop in  c us
FYI:Payments received by a person persecuted by the regime in control of the Ottoman Turkish Empire during 1915 to1923 is not taxable in Ca
MMA  my music  family and friends  haters x my FANS  HAPPINESS!!
Yeah thats how I am about here.
That junk be different every time!
I think Dolly and I would get along just fine 
kids always win!
:
oh that's ok !
hah do you have itunes?!
and i am not too bad!
D
is especially wonderful this morning.
Been waiting for Red Line at Gallery Pl for 20 mins...
Did the usual round of relationship counseling.
Before pheromones and dubstep night kicked in, and the promenade began...
AskMotionless Why is your music so amazing???!
: i love you guyss
Okay, so what if I have seniorities.
didn't even text me back!
Tennis is the only sport where its bad to get love
I feel your pain.
I thought kids were asleep last night at 8:30 p.m.
I thought wrong.
Interviewing to pump up Jared on the sidelines.
Mascot.
Fuck yes!
Crunchyroll has an app for the ipod.
Life  made.
Mom Are you all fried or somethin?
NO!
Stan, I think our daughters have been smoking marijuana.
shescatchingon hahahahaha
Bout to go fishing : woo!
Thanks for stopping by this weekend!
Math MCAS tomorrow..
that helps, thank you!
dig into the graphic novels.
Better then the show and more black people in it.
Slapped Andoctorw in the face today at lunch...
he got mad ode...
but then he told me to meet him at the bus stop soo i did and he just started
Not going to lie, just a little disappointed with the season premiere of MadMen.
Too much hype and anticipation?
I think so...
A cool 10G my friend
gives me hope that maybe someday I'll be mensaplusplusplus like you.
Still young, y'know.
Damn she fine, but complains all the time ...
because I love you and I think you're amazing ;
I googled the addoctorss  as far as I can tell, it's a condo development, fairly high end.
I Made this twitter for you.
Follow Me!?:
: well, I've run outta reasons.
.
Reasons why i need to be here anymore.are you the one I met.
Already wanting to shoot someone at work.
At least and come in later 
Congrats to Learesi!
ABQ newmexico Anyone but me lost their DirecTV signal?
:
ThisSummerIm going to get tan!
15 of college students visited library daily in 2005, 10 in 2010
BONNE ANNIVERSAIRE TO MY BEST FRIEND, MAIN HOMIE, AND FUTURE ROOMMATE !
oh Cornilles doctorps the names Timbers and JeldWen during the debate
CollaborativeLaw  Conflicted spouses can protect the childoctorn.
and see the movie Queen the sequal to Roots
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Someone Somewhere Is Out Of Place...Because There Place Is Next To You.
Registration on WEDNESDAY?!
fucking WEDNESDAY?!
ARRRRRAAAARGGRGARARAGRGAAAAAARG ...seniority my ass.
I make an effort everyday 2 be the man I'm supposed to be tomorrow....
baseball score?
totally uncomfortable.
Might be good for a plane trip though.
That was so mean!
xD
It should be illegal to have to do homework on your last day of spring break!
Differing views on healthcare  let's hear more about
Trivia Monday warm up!
What was Stan Mikitas number when he played for the Blackhawks?
Remember, Trivia starts at 8pm.
Subway and Arizona for the night.
No homework because of the MCAS tests.
Sweet.
lets go bills!
Well that's the last time I tell ThaiCaf for hot pad Thai.
Waste of a good meal assholes.
Ever look back and think, am i gonna be lookin back in a year and thinkin the same thing ?
yes and they are both clear.
Which seems like a miracle.
But it is Easter weekend.
God is really convicting me tonight of who I am.
I am so humble that my faults are being revealed and that I may be cleansed of my sin.
haha I'm sure there is.
I can't think right now but then again I didn't watch every single movie..
Administrative professorssionals Day is Wednesday  mark your calendar  come get a Simon Giftcard for your admin!
TC's apply.
I did a survey for my MA thesis a few years ago, and most people didn't know they would lose the right to their work in 7 years.
I know of 2 country songs and no other songs that include the words Fu Manchu.
What should I do with this information?
Is it significant?
Go give us a 'Like' on Facebook!
http:/facebook.com/OfLegionsOfficial
At the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet...please let us doctorve on the track!
Sweat out your problems.
Wishing everyone a fabulous week!
Great communities have great art  Anne Parsons, Detroit Symphony Ochestra
its last minute things like this that get me so mad.
Marcel Dzama!
Awesome violent bicycle riders.
My Man!
RT : Shout out to !!
That's the homie.
Everyone follow him
Want to start planning for disney next year already .
My lord can we get one spring game without rain!
Still excited about year 3.
GO CARDS
My parents called me Jan.
I'm from Amsterdam.
Who is mister Morgan?
UPS has the best cargo pilots in the world, because it's really hard to fly with the doors open.
Is ready to party
weel everyone tomorrow is the last day for tribeca film festival
Its simple, stop supporting racism and sexism by buying ads on Limbaugh's network.
Don't see how u can support it
his disdain for the Pacer organization has been obvious for years.
Guy on plane is surprised at how many seats are full.
Hey douchebag, I am surprised at how u just can't take a hint.
Thursday 12/29 7pm Waypost Cafe  come see our new short film, THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS.
MIAMI HEAT!!!
snap, I'm listening to DJ Shimamura's 1hour Hardcore Mix Makes me miss the days I would party at raves and chiz.
I cannot wait till finals are over.
Listening to Sly Stone...It should be a crime to be that funky...
Sad story: reports Micah True aka Caballo Blanco, famed US runner  friend to the Tarahumaras, is found dead after going missing
IL does have a lot of hard work ahead!
Fascination, at some level, is based upon survival.
And to survive, you must Fascinate.
Hey guys!
Follow Friday time!
Include us in your Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours!
GO!
thank you !
FF  interesting tweets about film;  links to interesting articles smart guy with new blog
Highest level of stress postwork?
NBA 2k12 battles w/ that go to the last shot.
thanks for clarifying that.
I am a HS and NCAA official and I thought they messed that enforcement up.
You cleared it up 4 me.
I wonder if the ladies at the club can hear what the songs are saying about them.
Playing the innocent victim.
Tsk tsk tsk.
If only everyone saw the REAL you.
I'm good how are you lovely?
Cloud Migration: CloudComputing
I want to date a
Marjorie Ostrov from Friends of B'nai Abraham Synagogue presenting efforts to preserve the vacant synagogue including Reuse Study.
Happy Halloween!!
Little ballpark trivia: Wrigley Field is the last Federal League ballpark standing and it has basically stayed advertisementfree.
honestly, how many Ps need to be in the word inappropriate?
thanks for the advice
and the 1 who almost cut my hair that is his 2nd time
We're fully recovered and ready for final day of SSE12.
Lots of fun with the candy crew!!
wow really...
Take care never gets old
I have a layer of dirt completely covering my face.
A huge dump truck flipped by my house 
Love it when Fridays are terrific and productive
Looking forward to a warmer spring this year.
Welcome back spring season!
is amazing!
UH HUH YEA RiGHT!...
Today's BTU inspiration: Loving people live in a loving world.
Hostile people live in a hostile world...
Same world.
Wayne Dyer
its 11:11 in Holland.
So make a wish and say 'i hope you come true'
Had a serious moment with the bois runnin big rigs off the road
hey hey love!
How r ya?
Just glad mom and dad aren't on twitter.
We just bought some ad space on Ragamuffin because it's good.
That is all.
Time to watch a movie.
Ta ta ta for now
Im Just Happy To Be Here I Cant Complain, Living Life Staying Afloat Feel Me
Gosh darnet Nicki should have won!!!!
So tired.
I'm ready for bed already.
I'll always be here for you.
Til the very end
Sounds good!
you take matters into your own hands
Success  The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
I burp a lot  i's gots ta work on that around the male pups..
I mean...
Look at my body...
and how could you not love my face?
MagicCity is MadMen meets The Godfather ;
Sure!
But it's perfectly OK if a coal company does it for MTR and Holy professort.
See Matthew 23:33.
smh...anyways miss you.
You got my b day event marked on your calendar right?
RT : Great Day for DC Sports ...Caps tie the series and the Nats look likely to sweep the Phillies!!!
Go CAPS Go NATS.....
I agree/Adobe states, Students should be active authors/creators, not just observers of digital content.
re: industrystd software
If you every need to settle something between you and your partner, a game of Rummy 500 should do the trick.
You're a dead horse?
dont awee me i want a yes or a no
OMG!!
Will you be MY valentine?!?!
yea but there all kind of at the same time and I have to be up really early for and aud in the moring
You tell me.
Thank you!
Hitting the conference wall.
Dinner time.
Just tuned into Manchester City vs.
Manchester United!
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty
If you're not eating corn chips with everyone else, it's one of the most repelling smells ever!
Barf.
I have almost no followers, but am a proud directioner.
Could you RT for this loyal fan?
Remember smear the queer from grade school?
The GOP and want to literally do that.
What did you do lol?
Austin is Sexy and I RT ; :D
Which is not to say I support him waiting for political reasons instead of doing what he knows is right, right away.
Dude hanging wearing Spanx is the bomb!
Pics are hot all 'round.
It's Earth Day people, so smoke trees!
Alan Kay: In 2003 only 31 of college grads can understand Common Sense.
Colleges are selling degree.
Remember Academically Adoctorft?
Happy Birthday.
Stay away from Larry David and his kebab stick!
Lunch needs to come sooner.
I'm starving.
as a consultant and trainer, it is HALF of the work I do.
W/ gas nearing 4/gal  the weather turning nice in roc, it's time 2 get the bike ready 4 the daily commute.
I hope I remember how 2 ride.
hot water, shaved ginger and honey
Nothing but LOVE and SUPPORT to you!
Interesting.
Post from FB on Mayor Cook on Border Talk didn't post, nor did Irish Mexican Alliance yesterday.
Had to manual enter on Twitter
Lucroy, wait for a good one.
i think we said that in stereo...
mom's watchin stream of bad movies like Ghost Rider 1.
She actually said this was a GOOD movie, with misplaced passion.
Bahaha...
why must MD be all the away across the Pacific Ocean?!
keep safe
this account worked.
cody is coming to Indiana!!
3d DOM inspector and live style editor in the new firefox.
cool.
hahhhahaha I need to hear that!
1648 the lady next to me talked on her cell as we were beginning our landing and guy next to me plays WWF.
Glad to be on land.
It's FB week.
Everybody get out your checkbooks and warm up the trading account.
It's a sign!
RT I saw a robin this morning...
this must mean that Air Force is about to join the Big East !!!
ARE YOU KIDDING?!
I WAS WORKING THERE ALL NIGHT!
I got off at midnight so maybe 10 mins before you arrived??
of coarse not scare or scar!
haha
layin down I have FCAT tomorrow
I am twitter following the shit out of everyone in this room.
Its to close to prom for you to make me mad..
yes you are...
Keep up the good soulfull work!!!
we'll say I'm investing in America's future?
That or I'm kind of an ideologue...
your choice.
Im trilla then a bitch I cant even lie
Watching RAW and doctornking bud select 55.
Gotta watch the figure.
listening to radiohead and zoning the hell out.
must.
keep.
writing.
Just another day in north.
Sherrod is one of them.
He had 115
Anyone know of any bloghostpeeps who might want to review/interview?
There's cash in it for you!
: Aquarians can daydoctoram all day and still finish all their jobs
Katelynne is bad af to be part mexican ;
God the sound of my alarm just really pisses me off I swear
Thank you Tums, job well done
thank you so much!
You rock!
:D
No matter what cool time saving gadget I use I still end up wasting my time on twitter/facebook...maybe the problem is me...
5 off regular tickets to see 'Ana en el trpico' Call 2022347174 to reserve or enter code tropics12 online.
Happy Hump Day!!!
Come in tonight and watch NHL and NBA 3 elimination playoff games.
Thanks for the RTs!
Good Monday to you!
The odds of Dem's holding the Senate are getting better with an ElizabethWarren Senate run appearing imminent
imagine Zayn: Did u have fun last night with your name ?
Harry: yes she screamed my name so loud.
;
LOL!!!
Caller wants to know why they just don't hold the creator of the Internet liable for frauds ...
Hard mud is called shale.
Soft mud is called gooey.
hannah went on friday i was like wah
was a nice shot.
I was sitting right behind the goal
RT 38CashOutShawdy Never Too Much Never Too Much Money ......
The clashing of two worlds: a lifepattern of frugality and endoftheyear capital expenditures.
Earth Day and every day!
Happy Earth Day!!!!
Consider natural remedies from for pet care!
Divide each difficulty into as many pas as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Descaes
well I say more power 2 u :
I too hope they do.
Maria on dancing with the stars is so annoying.
mysuperpower sleeping with my eyes open in class
Wish they had a :10 runoff for fouls about now like the NFL.
IRemember when I killed myself and you were mad at me but I don't even remember why I killed myself or how you forgave me lmao
Feels so good 2 b off
I don't think you can overstate the importance of Seau to San Diego.
The only other pro athlete with a bond as deep is Tony Gwynn.
Hi!
What's up?
they will probably fire me ..
i've missed TWO days this week.
i'm surprised they havent already.
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!!
Check in on facebook and see what deal we offer today!!
You're really pretty :
so cool!!
What an amazing combination of talents in a place that needs a new face.
If I followed you just now, its because I know you in my other life as a freelance writer.
Thanks for following  reading AG!
Just passed Rose Acre Farm in Illinois.
I purchase their eggs often.
Let me fix that for you, style: spotify:track:41fSiYyZRisC9mistere43OLb
Murrow College named amount nation's top 25 Journalism Schools per: NewsPro Magazine No specific ranking assigned to those top 25
Confirmedoctor : I'm hearing reports of brian shaw wearing Maseish shiny suit jacket.
Can this be confirmed
I need my own space ; this is ridiculous .
Rest in a beautiful place Whitney .
Lakers are struggling against a Denver team who has no proven star and expect to beat OKC lol?
I expect the Clippers to lose tomorrow fyi.
When you're online schooling locks you out of an exam..
Good evening all!
been a busy day, taking a short break then back to work :
What comes, is called.
Ki Longfellow
How can u be wit someone but u neva hav time 4 them?
How can u say u wanna be wit me 4ever but da time we hav now I dont get a txt nor call?
oh my.
Now that's a memory you have.
Promise Ring have a great set going.
your coke zero has no caffeine?
Mine has like 60 mg per bottle...
SIT down  RT ALL DAY...
it's not what you say but how you say it!
Child's poseur.
HUNGER GAMES....
AMAZING
I let my cousin's daughter play with my Barbies once and she thought their clothes were hilarious lol legwarmers...
Doing okay!
Son and hubby caught my lingering cold though, so taking it easy today.
I have no idea how I used to do it.
You live in PST or something godawful like that, which is really EST but reversed.
do I want to do prep work today?
No.
Will I?
Yes, but I'm going to doctornk afterwards.
3 more GREAT and accessible agents you should follow on Twitter FF 
Ohh I don't worry bout that shit no more !!!
Trust.me
Thanks for coming down!
Glad you had a good time.
Hope to see you soon!
Sophocles Time eases all things.
I need mental help I swear lol
ah cheer tryouts tomisterow.!
: I AM PUMPED.!
Finally read The Imperfectionists, and now I see what all the fuss was about.
No one asked me either.
I think Kennth Branagh is doing a fine job with his Wallander Masterpiece Mystery!
series on PBS.
Where?
At a South Side Goodwill?
As noted on FB, whoever built that base needs to learn2play, or at least to choke off their ramp with a pylon or something.
My tears actually look like purple rain.
the militarization of police doesn't exactly say liberty, or freedom, does it?
you just got sucked into the vortex!
Welcome!
Found out going to Baltimore in June for business, hope to do some genealogy research and history sightseeing.
Recommendations?
Miami Jackson, Jackson Jones series, Ziggy and Black Dinosaurs, Scraps of Time on Negro Baseball League and Black Cowboys
Worldwide need females for 4min self recorded ass shaking video.
Pay ranges from 300 to 1,000 dollars.
Get paid today via Western Union.
I am sure she is proud of all you have accomplished.
Thanks so much!
VA Governor Bob McDonnell is SO OBSESSED with gay people  women's health  sexuality that it makes ME wonder about his own sexuality!!
I knew you would.
Can't believe there's only 1 Epi.
Left!
: I love Scandal now, btw!
u just said I dont know what type of shit you like.
But u about to take this convo to another level.
I'll explain in person
holy crap.
I would wear that in a heart beat lmfaoo!
Merry Xmas to you
me too!!
Lol.
Im single and doctornk
Absolutely  and probably at the airport too!
Next Alternative Inc.
manufactures and distributes emulsionfuel, and distributes emulsionfuel machines N4H
Damn I have a serious headache
everyone is perfect the way they are
No bones about it  great evening gala with Kathleen Sebelius!
You Can Just .
.
.Suck On My Wiener !
Butters' Voice Lml
i really feel sorry for mister.
herman cain...i am not sure i could have endured it all.
sad.
MOAR RUNS PLEASE
that's where I live now
o for reals?D: sucks wat grade r u iin?
Nice choices!
: Funny we were expecting everyone to say PBR budlight or corona haha
Cowash, DC, Shea Butter, Bantu Knots.
My hair is now air doctoring and I swear it just said Thank you for loving me up today :D
Why chase something you can have.
.
.
The boy is mines
They do but often with the mindset of pointing  clicking to get at something they deem important.
omg ginny from hary potter is engaged.
this officially makes me feel so old lol
Have a box of Kleenex nearby if u'r watching the tv show parenthood!!
Good stinkin' night!
At least it doesn't end that way.
I effing hate that show.
We are changing up the Midnight Madness this year.
What date would be better for you?
August 18th or September 1?
Agreed.
The speed at which things get shared on Twitter is wonderfully fast.
I didn't get an email!
Haha
Smokin Friend: you goin out tonight?
....
You: maybe after the game, but iono, i'll see when i put some bread on it.
Reflexology uses hand, thumb,  finger techniques to stimulate certain areas of the feet that correspond to various parts of the body.
Oh boy, I gots lots of goodies to help kick off Republicanfest!
I suppose I oughta get on the People's Computer, eh?
Would I be a hot news anchor!?
You ever notice how albino black guys all sort of look like Andy Samberg?
On my way to the park to show off and get fucked.
merry christmas to you as well.
What topics would you like to hear Long Shot Podcast take on in Season 4???
Really?
BofA charging me to user money?
5.00 a month debit card usage fee?
!!!!!
20factsaboutme my best friend from kindergarten is still my best friend today
Jmac with the least run support in the league...
Showing today
Eli Manning hosting SNL tonight.
Right By My Side video is good , looking sexy ; 
Thank you Secy Sebelius for mtg w/ us to discuss the disability programs at CDC.
We look forward to continuing to work with you.
I love you.
And your partially bald head!
Thanks for following check out www.createmoneyweb.com
Things are back to normal now.
Thanks for your patience!
s/o to ...
im alive bro i swear!
Odd how so many are treating IAcaucus like the SuperBowl instead of the early season scrimmage that it is
So excited about going to see the Red Sox play atTarget Field today!
Any tips for visiting the park?
two weeks?
Wow that's impressive!
I had a false start a couple of years ago too, but this time I'm determined.
how have you been?
you'll be scared for the whole 2 yrs, that's what we do!
but we'll do it with a smile and mascara on!
Hi Carrie!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
what is up my dude!?
and thanks for the wicked fast response!
The people that call racist are more often than not racist.
Instant defamation of the accuser
Mothers Day Brunch 29 all you can eat special!
Mother's Day buffet!Please contact us to make reservations!
yours is pretty good too!
The grass always looks greener on the other side.........you still falling for that BS
I refuse to take sleeping pills now, and theres no other way.
But, really?
Damn.
You must be exhausted.
Arent you sleepy?
Tree.
Homemade chocolate cream pie.
Ron Burgundy.
If Greece exits..
1st flood doctorwn..
Germans et al will easily release other countries from Eur zone.
in fact resist funding others
After watching The Grey last night I have no desire to travel to alaska.
person believes she/he is doing Gods workI guess ur opinion about what matters is not important to him/her
Do the ricky bobby , stop 
I know what I want to say, I just am not sure how or even if I should say it.
Bob Seger keeps popping into my brain.
Bob Seger energy all over.
Bob Seger if you are listening, you should rest or have vitamin C.
Dad: You're going to meet 1D Me: ....
Dad: ....
Me: ....
Dad: Haha!
Fooled you!!
Me ....
Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR!
SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
LOVE SUCH AN INSPIRATION!!!
YOU GO STU!!!
good morning twitter and cenation and wwe fans john can u follow im a part of cenation and i always will be ill never give upjohn
Did I mention that the Third Man is my favorite movie?
i have asianish eyes.
Now time for FIFA
Soylent green of course
By commoditizing meaningless content, you're actually hurting democracy.
Inspiring talk from
please follow me :
Automatic out and the human rally killer does it again.
Thanks Craig!
April 2012 Special  Buy 1 Belladerma Beauty Benefits membership, get a second one Free  Perfect Graduation or Mothers Day gift!
I would be too if I wasn't here!
The new gummy background has been approved!
ICS it is  with a touch of
best part of the show was
Awww thanks!
Hugs!
:D
I filled out one and I have you coming out of the East.
life's a bitch but I caught her.
Town Hall Brewery makes nice beers,  I had a really great meal at 112 Eatery
I keep singing hangover far to fitting today
Can Bulls beat Heat in 7 game series?
I won't be comfortable.
I mostly wanted you all to see that I left no stone unturned!
No problem :D
10 in a row for the Heat....but Dallas and L.A will be the biggest test of the season for Decembers version of that team
Would like to send you a direct message, can you follow us?
I hear that .
God is great
where are you at
i heard your good at algebra.
Can you substitute my X without asking Y?
Holiday treat , televised on !
, don't listen to , you don't remind me of a muppet.
Mostly it was because the Brita tastes terrible with DC water  wanted to gossip around it.
He threw a knife into heaven.
You mean the whole album went into itunes as one song?
Or you can only open one song?
Big time!!!!!
Congrats brother!
RT : NCAA D2 Salem International University as a full time assistant
Recommends learning OAuth, but OAuth is integrated into iOS Twitter Framework.
Serious question: Would you approve of getting a PS3 solely for Journey?
packed my rucksack for DoE, tried it on and nearly fell over.
It doesn't even have the tent in yet!!
work and play CAN be the same at EFG..
living and breathing advertising
Rule 4 work off of the best actors in class if you can, logic: if you play tennis with people who are better your game will also improve
awesome.
Did you mean march 21st?
thank you for the suggestion!
It would be wonderful!
Pls help spread the word about the badges!
:
Yay for 74 peeps in attendance tonight!!!
May!
RT : when's the new ep out?
I was told I needed 2 work on forgiveness  I've realized forgiving some1 does not mean they still don't have 2 face the consequences.
ask Jill does she ever plan on penning some type of book in the near future.
Female Camp followers had tough time in CivilWar.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Single is not a status.
It is a word that describes a perosn who is stong enought to live and enjoy life without depending on others
Yeah.
That's terrible.
The amateurs.
you would think my dislike for the Jets would bother him ahhaah
Friday Humor: To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Paul Ehrlich
My favorite job searching site: www.simplyhired.com
I'm excited to be on the board for slowfooddc and get my health coach certification from IIN this month!
I'm still shocked though.
Wtf!!!
This traffic is ratchett!
I'm pissed, this sum bs.
Ugggghhhhhhh
I'm thinking beauty and the beast Friday!
: I'm such a kid sometimes!
hi boy!!!
what's about your life?
Wroten.
Wow.
Good luck in the NBA.
Let's go Brewhers!
While The Flintstone's technology was a bit rough on animals and reptiles, it did point to a distributed energy policy.
Wing it Wednesday!!!
Pro Players Boneless Wings 1/2 lb 3.99 or BoneIn Wing 10 for 6.95.
Add some Haystack Onions or Sweet Potato Fries!
SO ANNOYING.
doctornk hot soda :D
he's young right?
or am I crazy?
NIOSA is my absolute favorite!
How about you?
Success before work only in the dictionary!!!!!
good afternoon:
this is my 1st ppv in about 3 years.
I love it too kinda fits my situation too good right now :P
It's Jersday!!
New JerseyShore tonight.
:
I'd love to hear your case on why they are.
But let's talk about that judgment, not the idea that jornos can't/don't make them.
Meeting with a potential new commercial agent today!!!
Excited for some new energy to be infused into my career!!!
Not in any of my orifices !
RT : sounds good.
U don't like the salty pickle?
hey what's up your sexy I like those thighs I want to kiss em, the inside of them
No matter what happens today, life goes on!!!
Also I forgot to watch my show LLT:
this boy said tswizzle .
.
.
WOW !.
we thought u had plans to the city
Yes she is and yes you are an expert!
RT : Jason Day's wife is gorgeous!
if you figure this out I need the details.
Poetry, praise, and promise, all in this powerful passage from an Old Testament prophet.
Isaiah 40:2131
So much to be thankful for, I don't even mind that it's Monday...
R.I.P Dick Clark.
It's not often that a Brewers home game ends in the morning hours.
Thanks Chip.
Got back safe  sound.
Was good 2 see if.
IF I keep working I will Share the wealth!
We'll have to meet face to face during the forum!
cheers
DH centers  a World of Gue?
Get out of the rain  head to the Artsgarden today for lunch  live music.
Luke Austin Daugherty takes the stage at 12:15.
ok so YOU need to follow back:
maybe i'll tweet today
Just visit already...
www.DCAfterWork.com
Gotta love being hit on on your first day back on an MMORPG that you used to play a lot.
Dont let your ears witness what your eyes didnt see.
Dont let your mouth speak what your heart doesnt feel.
Unknown
Kim Kardashian says: Dating football players is 'really hard'
So Madison Square Garden is trending.
You know who would be cool to see there?
!
Arabella Jones Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
Okay, nobody tell my kids I'm about to see The Muppets without them.
I love hanging out in the bathroom of a hotel so my kids can sleep at 7 pm
Vacation in San Francisco, very windy past 2 days
I hv mixed feelings cuz i kind of want the lakeshow to win and i kind of want the
I'm seeing resistance at 567 after that.
Is speaking to Greater Dallas Advisory Board as keynote speaker on 10/20/11, 11:301:00, More Comfortable: Employment Equity for PWD.
Huebsch says Chief Riseling spoke to everyone staying in Capitol yesterday and personally asked them to leave.
A Cheesy happy
Thanks for the follow, Anyone with the motto of a 45 a day is alright by me.
Thanks for the Other Brothers lInk, what a great song
the weather....
I check that.
This night is so dead
Train students to question  argue abt values, objectivity,  purpose.
A curriculum organized around skill sets doesn't do this.
: This sounds like an electronic version of  O, who?
Gym...Putting in some much needed work!
Former UMass forward Matt Glass with the bucket  one opportunity.
Glass gives Vermont a 2619 lead with 3:56 to play.
Hang hearts on it and call it a valentine tree.
Shamistercks next, then eggs, keep it going till December!
Saves time!
Back to reality,
Only a day late walkingdead season finale
I think we get the fuckn point that there was a earthquake so everybody just shut the fuck up
that's some serious coin for an royal set of granny panties.
I hope you know your videos just make my fucking day :3
my toesies are frozen!
No, Twitter, I do NOT want to follow Mitt Romney.
Ever.
Geez...
it's like you don't even KNOW me!
It took me 27 mins to get from Church to Van Ness
Hey everybody, time to buy a pizza!
Stop in to the shop, 1827 n farwell ave.
i'll take a stab: objective: what should specific outcome/ strategies  how?/ tactics  what are your specific action items?
Watching Discovery with , what is u be doing?
I second that RT : Who's with me on promoting solar energy initiatives?
Woo!
80 speedup by importing the fastFoo library instead of vanilla Foo.
to survive the torrent, we must take it to the cloud!
Do you have plans next weekend?
I think we need to golf.
anything in particular?
you have to have effective care which includes research!
el diabloo loco
Surprised by my love and appreciation of socks.
Landed safely in Detroit
Thanks to for donating mats to one of schools!!
Also, it's a shame I didn't have time to track down a Paddy's Pub on St.
Patrick's Day.
It IS quite sunny here, after all.
so y lady wasnt with him in 1st class?
y she never in public w/him but always is?
Why oh why am I wide awake at 3am?
I might as well make a quiche.
Watching Soul Surfer, amazing story.
is the definition of inspiration.
You can't be a good person by following the rules.
The rules are rarely the best guide for doing what's right.
at
greatidea!
: RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up!
PartyPie?
Updated my twitter  now it takess forever to loadd !
naps are essential.
Especially out there lol
For christmas I want a treadmill.
Tonight it happens!
HUGE Casting announcement by and on doctorfter!
WE are excited!
PORTLAND FOLLOWERS!
wheres a good place to play a show here??
is one of my favorite bands 3
Playing with my new little baby kettlebell.
Even the little ones can wear you out!
I KNOW!
Team iPhone : hell ya
RT : The greatest danger to our future is apathy.
Jane Goodall  Met Jane several years ago, an incredibly interesting woman
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear i cheated on you
it's officially not official.
Just another reason to not be Braun!!
Fantastic company.
I'm feeling decidedly underpublished for the occasion.
no doubt good sir!
Don't act like you don't have tempation; the only way you'll be able to stand through it is through prayer  fasting
Cheer practice really tired...
Does Alex Smith have another one in him?
You are totally going to be wrong!
Blessings come in pink and blue.
:
good luck!
rock!!!
The commercials are lying.
Diet Mountain Dew sucks 
aannnddd celebratory beer time
Getting started in court for the man accused of plotting to bomb Portland's ChristmasTree Lighting NEXT
You can win a bag of samples by joining the party Dougie!
Congratulations!
All the best wishes to you both.
thanks for the warm reception in this cold, cruel world.
no I did not
mymusic makes you move.
early!
i think we'll need to meet at the columbia heights metro at 8 am...but i'll check the schedule
Way too many turnovers
Signs is amazing man!!!
so proud
When is teenwolf coming back ah3
Good Morning All Wed.
Jan.11th It's all about Chicken Paprikash Today!
Our 5.99 Daily Special!
I thought they planned on adding bike lanes as well
Hey, the moon has water.
NASA said so and they don't lie.
Let's throw the orbital tea into a lunar sea
It started with Now, here with Today, its my eleventh BETAversary!
How time flies...
Aight lets go
Experience is that which enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
All your faves at metro center today, 12th and g with, tacos al pastor, vegan purple potato, pollo sofrito and barbacoa.
Come hungry 
DearHair please grow out as so I can have my new 3c hairstyles!!
Icky poo on relaxers!
Come for doctornks after turkey!
We open at seven
Today is out of control.
I just want to take a nap for like an hourish...
thx very much, Dave.
two feet of sunshine in killbrae??
More like a yard of fog in the FC.
great shot!!
I hope he comes back to Orlando in the next couple of years.
Can't wait to take my boy!
It feels soo nice to not set my alarm tonight.
Awesome.
Church is not a museum for the good people, but a hospital for the broken.
You know you're in trouble when waking up feeling normal is like, All RIGHT!
I feel NORMAL today!
wwbed?
cookies a liar.
Don't listen to her.
Thanks for the follow!
I love twitter!!!!!!
Mostly because banbeliebers is trending!!!
Not the news i was expecting at all.
Never saw this coming
If I get 10 retweets before I get to the haircut place, I'll get a fauxhawk
haha please we all know the truth bout which state is better ha dude I'll have to make a road trip out there!
Ha
I think we should all try to be more original.
O woman, great is your faith!
Let it be to you as you desire.
Matthew 15:28 music to my ears.
Flex your faith muscles..Let's GO
Rainy days and Mondays always get me thinking about getting a facial...or hair conditioning...or www.hairinthecity.me
Late night whatnottowear I LOVE THAT SHOW.3
everybody free for dinner on the 19th?
cartman's mom, hands down.
Nick young was a snag for the clippers
that was MEAN.
but hey, fuck it.
n u prolly serious daz da crazy part...
smh.
its funny how shit changes
Hey People!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
hahaha try looking for her :p
terrific story on Jennings comparing Favre  Rodgers.
Thanks!
Enjoyed the read.
i managed 2 balcony together on friday release and 2 individual on prerelease day.
selling the individuals at cost.
that was nuts!
Dog on the fritz?
Bitch please.
You wished you loved me as much as Iloveyou.3
school is fucking up my sleep schedule.
summer, where you at !?
A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm.
love , ya right .
more like use
Happy New Jeer to Rex Ryan and his Jets, Jets, Jets!!!
what an awesome shift tonight on the penalty kill.
Outstanding effort!!
Pazzo will be on vacation until the 4th  Happy New Year!
Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!
I was just told that I'm the best cracker ever : awe :
RIP Patrick Swayze
Is John taking questions from Twitter tomorrow?
soon our today will be your tomorrow, Bill.
THANK YOU for the RT's about the ChristianComedyChicks !!
Did you see our episode on ?
App Lets You Find Cheapest Electricity for Your EV
in the south, Texas Pete Rules.
Favorite TV or Movie Moms?
Go!
Note: Teen Mom doesn't count.
Happy First Mother's Day!
Just saw you looking beautiful on the cover of Cosmo doylestownrepresent!
Fantastic.
See you there, Alan.
I missed 17 points worth today.
What does that mean I have to do?
Lol sounds like a terrible game
Thanks for the RT!
Natural Hair Care Guide and Hair Fall Treatment ;O hair fall
in an unrelated note, new Anchorman movie in 2013!
I apparently get very emotionally about dead composers.
No laughing if you see me cry reading Alex Ross's The Rest is Noise.
WARPED TOUR ALL DAY33333
...Oh yeah and there were some bloopers too.
Well this sucks.
I heard they signed Andoctorw Bogut today too?
Just finished a character building run with a great cast of characters runla stop rain stop
Happy Birthday !
See you all soon.
If I open my own coffee shop, it'll be named The Crematorium.
Talking New Media: DoApp redesigns the interface of its Mobile ...
RT : Happy Friday!
Are you seeing any LATHTR this weekend?
Which ones?
I edited a press release about myself today.
Glad to say it was superb.
Thanks
YES he is
we miss you too!
Its on once again 2nite IbizaDC Saturday night HOOKUP .
21 FREE All night LONG!!
Up Up and Away having a great sunday and yes iam a fan of Superman boy do i need the power perhaps some strong coffee
That is a good number for someone to Crank call lol: and do not give the credit card number...
Hahahaha this is true.
Are you thinking of the same brown eyed hottie from Texas that I am?
; hahaha
im back tho ;
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are.
Quentin Crisp
Had to do that there.
Can't afford a cheap 5 yard penalty for illegal substitution
Nobody gave to breathe so the whole internet bullied her by giving her a taste of her own medicine.
HOORAH TWIITER!
Exactly.
It does not make me think well of that person.
At all.
To all my sisters in Christ, may god bless you with peaceful doctorams and a blessed morning.!
lucky ass
I wonder if Kopitar realizes he's not in the World Championships and therefore shouldn't care
Life is all about relationships: personal, professorssional, and spiritual.
because I need to go to a bachelorette party where u will be in a bikini and I have awful tan lines from working in my yard!
Wonder how many kids are asking their teachers/parents/iPads, Who is Fidel Castro?
Hoosiers: IncrediPlex Sports  Entertainment Complex on Plum District, Error
Attorney now speaking  says he represents a number of concerned parents.
I remember now.
iPad is a great luxury item, not a necessity.
For full time writing or PC based work it can't replace a laptop.
Cooter Jennings and the horse
Romo strikes again.
Fumble then a pick on a floater to revis.
Same ol Romo
RT : Cassie Scallon rocked the double, winning both the 50k and 25k for the women!
Great job Cassie!!
Happy Bday Punk
Like talking to brick walls...
Enjoying the VIP Club w/ after Chelsea Handler.
Love it!!
Tired af!
Wore out
I don't like Fridays..I'm a Saturday girl ;
Game TIME!!!
Why am I so restless?
lol not yet, I will on tuesday
I love morning rain in the mountains :
iwantyouto get addicted to success
Only Yoshimi can save us from the singularity now.
Such a bad morning..
i think your still that kid from the very start
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Neale Donald Walsch
sent you a DM this morning did you get it?
Thank you for reaching out!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day!
oh no!
Adding in new legends for fantasy football leagues every day.
How cool u can play against tony dorsett Ed too tall jones and more
thanks for having my back today told me what you said.
I'm glad.
I got your back anytime.
Love you: sexy
fuck u at
those guys who post a picture of every shoe that they have...
BarRescue Hey mister.
Taffer!!
miss ya lots!!
yeah I like that mister sexy conda lol.
I finally watched the Boyfriend video lol
Visiting Occupy Boston.
Still can't believe this is all happening.
Playing the same episode of baby looney tunes for my nephew , lol .
I wonder do he know he keep watching the same show over  over .
just so you know, and I love you more than anything...
At yardhouse doctornking ales and railing the bball.
Let's go heat!!
Can't wait to play on the same lineup as White Denim this Friday...
We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Rebels on verge of ousting Qadaffi; biggest upset since '69 Mets.
Amazin'
As a spic ass pirate it makes me laugh that people still don't get it.
It being a JOKE.
Get over yourself pretty princess.
right now Danny's being such an annoying
Hill M with 2 quick goals lead 21 over MG.
no problem, I see your signs around DC all the time.
Do you do industrial/commercial real estate at all?
Hello.
do you mind following me?
I would follow you first but Im on following limit as soon as im off I will follow you back
Concur.
Free limo with reservation to the Restaurant!
L'Atelier is also excellent.
We never can predict, but keep checking our Facebook and Twitter!
Who cares right now?!!!!
The BIG news is Mo being finished!
NOT Trout AB...in a game LAA is losing?!!
The Phil phillips band.
There's never a good time to smoke weed.
Looks like 2 of the quadfrecta is complete
Giving up?
The artist's name is Mickiah Wolff, class of 2000.
Finally got the apartment the way I like it.....for now.
Time for a snack.
Mhmm lucky charms
I am in business!
Two clients, two more almost signed, need two more!
It should be.
MartindaleHubbell is useless.
Sen.
Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally.
well be there in 10 min
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year
folks need to check in at Registration first, then come to Exhibition space.
Exhibits are behind trade show.
SanFrancisco music duo just became my 1201st follower.
I've had their debut Shine for years, and yet I never met them.
you're welcome :
kamcia 3
Hope to meet you.
Volunteering with Tim Love and then get to enjoy!
Hey Lou, a few weeks ago, by chance, I saw Kevin died on the pavement: '
If you prick me, do I not bleed?
If you tickle me, do I not laugh?
If you pay me for Orioles season tickets, do I not make wagons of money?
RT : doctornk woman attacks restaurant staffer.
Among us, we ought to be able to identify her....
Aww thanks!
We like you too : Y'all do some great things for this town!
C'mon guys, we need more followers!
Spread the word and show some support for the talented, !
this has to be the most annoying back seat rider omg , i just wanna kick her out the car .
I haven't seen this picture!
What a great shot of you and Cory Booker!
He is a true public servant!
I'm crying everytime i listen to TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart 3
One week away Chicago!
Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva!
Ed Reed makes that catch.
C'Mon Adam Jones.
I hate food
Coming away from this session thinking that most ppl in here feel unhidden equals catalogued.
we have california sunshine today and i thought of my 2 fave california boys.
xo
you so cray.
you live 3 seconds away.
if you want some, you need to bring your ass over and get some.
how old are ya?
Ninnneettteeeennn tehehehhehee
the train wasn't the only thing that was elevated.
Seriously.
8 more minutes?
IS MY TWEETER WIFEY!
MUST FOLLOW
RT : Is the whole point of the Home Depot commercials to make feel lazy?
That or ...
yeah, lazy.
Do employees feel empowered?
I like
Power to the People!
BTW all people !
Why did you deleted your fb?
Now I deleted mine
Perfect day for bananafish.
Check this out: bringing the tastes of coney islands from Detroit to the city of LA.
I like it!
shopping for a new laptop.
battle between weight and function.
Cosmopolis was about an egotist's struggle to transcend his brilliant mind and be  for one split second  present, and human.
thanks for the shout out!
child you tweet to much
The percentage of people performing/playing classical music over the past 6 years increased from 1.8 to 3 of adults.
thanks for making the NBY office smell so GOOD!
oh iight cool I'll keep in touch man
Awww!!
Have fun!
GL, Steve!
Interesing that Math Emporium has 4 instructors for help  scores have gone up.
I wonder about retention of skills.
you do it because you love photography!
I know that's why I put up with the craziness!!!
tell that wife of yours.
She bakes like no other
Seems odd.
Dont acts cancel dates all the time for any number of reasons?
Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Nat'l Farm Machinery Show probably makes for the busiest 34 nights in Louisville's strip clubs.
hey sexy what's up
staying in a restroom my whole 5th period cause I hated that teacher
When going after Moby Dick, take along the tartar sauce!
Author Unknown  Submitted by Donna  Colorado
Thanks, Ellen!
best quote of the evening
You're cute.....but shut the fuck up!
Nobody cares what you say...
You're just eye candy
first time listening to music, trying to fall asleep in a long time..
content informed, need doctorven, resource realistic, adventurously experimental ref to types of oralhistory projects i want to do
HBCUFolllowTrain RT if y'all already making plans for your fall refund so I can laugh at you then fb
Thanks for stutzartists love:
let's make youmadeitweird a trending topic.
Last time I peed I bed was 7years ago.
I'm 29 years old.
We must somehow take a wider view, look at the whole landscape, really see it, and describe what's going on here
Goodmorning Bre,How are you doing today so far, we going to get you to 500 retweets ok beautiful xoxoxo ; BH
Greg I met you over a year ago at a art gallery opening.
I hope all is well  we discussed Australian embassy parties?
I actually had a hotdog tonight in honor of you!
omg.
I think like that all the time,  my hair was wet cos of the rain  it was frizzy.
I like your hair too tho' :3
I'm sure a graze is better than nothing for Gregory....he'll take it!
HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u tested positive right after u fuck
I don't know why I'm not asleep right now.
A new cowrite between Tim O'Brien and Woody.
Listen to THE SUN JUMPED UP by Tim O'Brien, Woody Guthrie Song of the Day,
In haste misset the iron, burnt the shirt.
Monday 1, Me 0.
good luck this weekend!
Send me the link ASAP when it's up
Water and buffalo.
3rd ward.
Wednesday.
Sometimes..the only thing you can do is letgo and let God.
I think the world series tweet saga is more entertaining than the actual game.
Get your fish fry on with us tonight plus 10 off wine bottles!
The feeling one gets after they watch Smash should be an actual syndoctorme.
Watching JoBeth Williams on The Chew!
I'm gonna miss you 
i love you too
It won't work.
Do any of your schools use technology for the walkthrough or teacher evaluation process?
edchat Do you think it's useful?
Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance  BBC News BBC News Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance BBC N
that time i sprained my ankle and had to sit in the library all the time and some girl stole my crutches lol
This Christies/Bulgari party is bananas
I've gotten too comfortable...
be easy breezy, a guy is just trying to get his game on yo.
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble; prosperity is full of friends.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Twitter is boring.
that exact same thing happen to me !!
Protect your brand.
In the end, it is all you have.
Out with my bitches
I said it's great..to be..a Florida Gator!!!
Sat 4:30 elite eight, again.
Thanks Billy D!
I can't wait to work with you and all of the other designers!
possibly, I have no idea what that is.
:
I'm in SoCal with the fam!
aww sorry, that would be so fun!
You gotta come visit sac sometime tho :
Olive leaf actually helps
pretty much the same tryna finish this school year up right so i can chill for the summer
if I was
dude that's so annoying.
RT HERE, HERE  This is a world of pain and hard work.
Try to not hurt others.
Share the load.
We need each other.
:c we deff need a better studio, the guy doing midi doesn't know how to play doctorms and it blew
damn, sexy little me.
Yum!
My favorite..
They're usually pretty good about sending the info to .
We'll check with Col.
Lopardi.
Thanks!
Happy FollowFriday to ...and thank you for the follow!
I really liked your manifesto.
Greg  I have had very similar conversations!!
Looking forward to next steps
Next time she ask me to pull up Ima wear dat ass tf out
love the little CocaCola bottles shaped like ornaments:
basically i don't understand why we all spend our lives begging for attention in fandoms and for internet fame
A2: Taking the time to brainstorm not only breaks up your day, but it can lead to great strategy innovation
He says it when someone compliments him c:
I've got Allstate Too!!!!
Good 's Lol
I Don't Blame You by Cat Power: less overtly sad when heard somewhere other than a mix made by an exgirlfriend.
I took my mother 2 her first ever Steeler game against the Eagles when the Steelers ran back a punt, kickoff  int for a td
No one will ever love you as much as I did.
What is love....
Thanks for cutting the phone on me!
I love the 'first of a kind' over 'one of a kind' distinction!
not just boutiquey stuff in the digital humanities
Why do liberals slam Santorum on
u should follow me already i tired like 3874782 times to get a follow from u and u NEVER follow me:
It was worth a shot haha BTW wanna go see LMFAO tonight?
agree with that totally.
the unheard talent in companies is the main reason i hate big orgs.
When it comes to business, be loyal to yourself.
Don't beleive me, ask Peyton Manning.
Shawn Mcdowell
Might have to uninvite people cause my sister has to work the next day .
SAT word of the day: zephyr a gentle breeze
Appreciating follows from , Cameron ,  Francene
Oh come on, John.
As a social media guru I would think you'd view it as a savvy move, no?
Hey, at least you have a standing offer if you ever need it ;
Making progress cleaning this place
come on rey
yes!
Like what?!
Mars is VERY close to the asteroid belt, a place full of mineral wealth beyond our comprehension
GO ON BREAK AT WORK,Get BEAUTIFUL MONCHELE CANDIDS.
FALCHUK BLESS AMERICA.
EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL CANT BREATHE.
EVERYDAY WE'RE MONCHELEIN
We're making Storybird love poems.Next week, they can email them to somebody for Valentine's Day.
'Don't call me sir, call me survivor' lil Wayne
PRT : TONIGHT at, we'll be sampling some of ' secret Ruby sauce!
A2: Like said before, don't limit yourself because their is a years exp.
range.
Doesn't hurt to try!
The happy ending is moving on.
My boyfriend doesn't even care.
cutting the ribbon in openings of giant buildings and Taco Bells
great!
Thanks for the support I really appreciate it
I've seen more boobs in the past hour than I saw in the infield last sat.
Heading to the big easy for ias12 Countdown us on!
Bummed I'm going to miss the Animal Law Caucus talk at AALL11 with professorssor Serpell.
Beautiful example of unconditional love and acceptance.
Thomas  Em Wedding: via
There is a New Star On The Horizon.
PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request Sample and Info
Chanel jewelry, iPod, cash, raybans, and the lighter is the shit stolen from my house roll call
wonder how my buddy been doing,haven't seen her awesome tweets lately
Welcome to Pittsburgh: Where you can see a guy pick up a syringe off of the street and throw it in the garbage
thirst quenching tonight?
I just got dirty looks from everyone in the bar when I started cheering for the Brewers.
Thanks for the RT
A gift blinds the eyes of the wise, and perverts the words of the righteous.Dueteronomy 16:19
Joined today.
Already having a ton of fun.
1st bk: Lazy PM by Peter Taylor
and i usually side with Madonna than Gaga but i just can't right now.
Thanks for the follow, and !
what's up handsome?
Fuck a doctoram i make it reality
Get that official some mic batteries!
niu godaddy.com bowl
I'm excited about my performance tomorrow night in Mayport, FL :D
It's the catching up and bringing everything up to a state of good repair that's going to hurt, though.
We agree.
Prez: Innovation also demands basic research...Don't gut these investments SOTU, research,
We're itching to get away FF places to go  things to do
Lon, we appreciate the follow!
Don't forget to follow my homie
Should be doing homework.
Learning to play Yellow Ledbetter instead.
And we're off.
Bright Lights Bigger City
Weeding observation of the day: Dog books are more popular than cat books.
no doubt.
I'll see you tonight my guy.
: Man jumped from piling into lake.
Rebar impales foot.
Good reason u can't swim on Lady Bird Lake.
Construction debris OMG OUCH
that will give me a chance to see him.
Cool.
i like weird people, weird people who practice good hygiene.
just saying.
safe travels to PDX.
Cut the lawn on Friday.
The pretzels not the jerky but one reminded me of the other.....
thank TWC for sending the crew to KY today was very informative and helpful.
God bless and sleep well.
Praying for those lost.
Trading apples for components to create tech, thereby bridging economic digital divide.
Yep.
But there's some interesting language on amounts and factor four.
Love breakfast...
best part of the day to eat.
would be nice to have students comments on each other's work, no?
Getting doctornk with my cousin and her man...
ha!
I didn't want to spoil the surprise!
thank you for the tip.
I have not approached either.
I have been trying to get an agent.
No luck yet!
when you wake up in the middle of the night write your thoughts and doctorams down
why arent we watching this together
Sorry if we're annoying you guys but we have to start trending please PLEASE HELP US
Had the pleasure of interviewing my friend and talented artist Kyle Martin for this week's Reedsburg Independent  on newsstands tomorrow.
wanting to jump off a cliff xoxo
so now you have to start tweeting:
90 of businesses use social media yet only 55 have policies on social media
Hey, these are the same people you see smiling in old lynching photos.
Screw NC.
I just NAILED that phone interview.
She loved me.
know12 Frank's view when coming on board as CEO was that SN was underinvested.
Added mgmt, personnel, DCs, automation, cloud arch: Gen 2
Anytime!
:D
Clever advertising billboard campaign by Milwaukee Public Library.
Put your face in a book.
I'm happy he's trying to make things right !
I swear the texbook buyback places on campus are run by that dude from Pawn Stars
How crucial is it for the Spurs to maintain a lead in tonight game, especially since they are playing on the road?
Looking forward to seeing everyone down in Dallas tomorrow for
Congratulations to The President  The Firtlady on their pregnancy!
So excited for them....i hope they let me plan the baby shower!
By better I think they mean overt support for the community, administration jobs, etc...
Amazing!
Thanks.
I'll have to get some fresh air.
that moment when some random kid in class says what did we do the last day before spring break and someone else says piss of the teacher
Please come SUPPORT THE SCENE and some very talented young artists  MassiV's Launch Party, check the flya!
It's not about the lust.
I can't live without you.
Do you have a New Years Resolution?
If so, share it with us!
New topic  Photos of today
: could code be considered like any other language?
it opens doors, but is not necessarily essential?
I think DID starts differently for everyone with it, but more research is done that it happens suddenly.
Praise the LORD.
Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who finds great delight in his commands.
Psalm 112:1
Why can't i just get over you already?!!
Oh ghaaad!
Help me!
: you're the bomb!
RT : Back up on this failure thing.
Encourage mistakes, but dont leave ppl floundering w/o knowing they have a net.
yes ma'am.
Surely will, sounds kinda like a frappaccino from Starbucks and that's my isht
I'm ready too lol
Happy Monday!
I love when Brother Jones gets really excited when teaching the Bible...
Its my favorite!
This man just loves the Word of God!
man just shoot me!
162 ????
I love it when you get textbooks that people wrote the answers on :D
You know they have no faith in you when Dillard is up in the Pen.
RT : When you guys get all heated about sports, it sounds like an asylum arguing over whose Pez tastes most like Middleearth.
I'm amazed at how much people are addicted to this!
you're tweeting!
When are you doing my makeup
How did your beer experiments turn out?
Less Go !
im coolin boo, bout to get faded and head to the strip club in a few hours, how was ya day
Terrible path for UK considering they got the overall number 1 seed.
Bring it!
Dude at the bar tried to start a fight with me for doctorwing.
Said my doctorwing was boring him...
didn't realize i was the entertainment
Finishing up The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell.
Best book of 2012 so far.
If it is to be, it is up to me.
Wordsworth
In class chillin man till we start exams 2mmisterw
Yes its hot!
Three gatorades in already.
Stop by on this sunny day and try a Delicious Reindeer Sausage!
Spicy and Mild.
Get free chips!
Last time I was there I forgot about the handkerchief in my back pocket.
That gets you security man's hands down your pants!
im excited 4 At the Grammy's!
No one is pointing out his 5 noms  how big it is 4 electronic music.
paving roads
Well damn.
Once again, it's defense that's killing us.
Mike Brown's specialty as a Coach, right?
sometimes I think i'm way too nice
Re: ZJ  I had a serious rant about all the How strange that someone like this would come out of the rural Midwest!!
stories
Now I'm in a bad mood.
Good job.
The ball is about to start to get rollin!
Announcements coming soon that you guys will definitely be in favor of ;
I know .
the thing is I got sunrise at the book fair randomly and then I just kept reading from there, I love her books!
Ready to kill it today at lone lack!
So many papers to write 
Thanks for the shoutout ;
So glad!
RT : fabulous dinner this evening  thank you!!
Gabby loved sharing her 17th bday  food was delicious

x Mindset  Goal/Success.
BUT if your mindset is zero then equation is x 0  Failure
Young adult is the worst movie I have ever seen...
disappointed 
how does a play in game go to a 14 seed?
Meleo ..
my fianc aries ..
amazing !!RT : Aries  Leo  CRAZY SEX
About to start day 2 of TED.
On the docket: the crowd and the city.
Hopefully we can solve these problems in short order.
that's so awesome
My personal favorite was Wuthering Heights because we just had the book and never read it...
Is it weird that a black friend of mine just told me she could be blacker??
xD
I think im addicted to naked pictures, and sittin talkin bout bitches that we almost had.....
Thanks for the ff love!
:
are y'all coming to Houston?!?!?
I miss my old daily routine.
Recuperating from Cinco De Mayo/Fight Night celebrations watching Bizzare Foods thinking...
What doesn't Andoctorw like?
:
Whatever you focus on will amplify 
Ugh Job hunting so much fun
Is anyone else annoyed by the constant SocialCam requests on Facebook?
Obama's oil spill...
and modest, don't forget modest!
This is the most boring superbowl ever, Man I wish those refs would have gotten the calls right.
VikingsColts  intrest and ratings
don't let her get in your head.
She cheated and left..not you.
Keep your chin up and take care of the girls.
One step closer!
Just broke through a major personal barrier!!!
Woohoo!
On the roof with prepping for our Vertical Fashion Show down the side of the building...will you be watching on Wednesday?!
My mom ignored my phone call.
Become who you are.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Were almost positive that all of the presidents liked their milk.
RT quote Christian Moms There never was a child so lovely but his mother was glad to get him asleep.
Thank you for sharing your story and Happy Birthday to Serenity!
I don't get Coldplay.
Many people do but I don't.
I feel all their songs are lacking a good catchy hook.
You just made my day even better, Thank You!
:
I haven't decided yet
Exciting things are happening at Social Savvy Geek!!
We are starting 2012 off in our new office space in RVA!!
Anybody in the Bywater/ Marigny got a truck?
Need some cinder blocks.
False alarn famo...my laptop won't load the joint up.
Ill do it first thing in the am.
yo holla at ya boy fam www.thorobreadentertainment.com new music daily
At nine, you check line up, and i'll get tickets ;
what are you guys doing after?
Meeting Ry at Mesh.
Want to come?
happy birthday to the best point guard in the nba
50 minutes into Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and I still haven't the faintest idea what's going on.
anyone know how to get Google Chrome to throw a streaming music link to an outside app?
Marv Tarplin, Motown guitarist  songwriter, has died at 70 in Las Vegas.
Marv wrote  cowrote many songs, including 'Tracks Of My Tears'.
Any cios at nascio2012 willing to be interviewed for a stateline article about public safety interoperability?
Email
lol well u putting.yourself in that category as well cuz last time I checked u were as well smh lol
Austin please please please please please tweet me u follow me but never tweet me
Terrific Tuesday to all Tweeters!
Simply start your day with a smile!
My break is over, time to get back to the tasks at hand!
:
Happy birthday !!!!!!!
How old are you now 2012?
hasbeen is a lot younger moreloved...
aren't you guys brothers?
Have fun.
Aidan and I are going to the playground.
with revamped O line  those WR's to acct for could open things up for CJ  makes Hasselback a fantasy option too
20 degrees colder today than yesterday for bicycle commute.
No wonder I have a closet full of different cycling togs.
THE ENDERS recording session at Sonic Iguana over the weekend KICKED ASS!
We can't wait to hear the finished EP!
ROCK!
it's so weird adjusting without a car .
Where you'll find us on 2/22: YNPN Meet  Greet at URBN in North Park!
Looking forward to it!
Researchers help assess economic impact of nanotech on green  sustainable growth In the United States alone, government and private indu
damn boy.
I like you.
Lol.
Thanks for following!!
why u bored ?
ebay.
i've sold a van and a boat on there with good success
Wow...
Really?!?
Todays gonna be a bad day.
I can already tell.
Wanted: Your favorite weddingcake photos!
Sometimes hitting the town at night with the windows down singing Bieber to your dog is just what you need
Str8LykeDes..
Bout to smoke until I come down...
Life is bitch but through it all I gone be cool, not gone step out character to entertain.
Going prom doctorss shopping next weekend.
Anyone know a good place to look for a doctorss
RT : Haitian parents over exaggerate everything HaitianKidProblems 
Chinese food: procured.
Evaluation: decent.
Got generally healthy stuff so I won't feel so guilty and I won't want to eat lots of it
The satisfaction of knowing you still think about me
Glad to hear it!
Hopefully you were hanging out w !
Enjoying my GRAND ice cream:D Yumm
Big Thank You To All The Girls and Who Have Worked So Hard On Our Gala!
THANK YOU!
You Rock!
That moment when you just wake up with an attitude and don't even know why
Cool analysis as to why the guy w/our new fave middle name, Friday, will be a great player.
footbasket.com/?p5540
Your welcome looking forward to trying some of your beer!
Submit to:
We're going to have a Google Hangout with the Press Secretary.
Favorite thing to see  guy and his girl in public and he's clearly in the doghouse haha.
I'm talking about in Huntington haha :
DC Metro area?
Suggest visiting Lennar Martins Chase or Camberley Boulevard or Poplar Run to check out interactive touchscreen mktg tools!
Sister's graduation.
LA girl on East Coast time.
Must love my girl!
Kauai has tons of great musicians!
Not sure of any off hand, but sounds amazing!
Should be a great event!
TOMORROW IS THE DAY, MY PRETTIES!!
6pm9pm: Gallery Opening  the shop!
7pm12am: Movember Moustache Party  Sugar Maple!
SEE YOU OUT!
3
Hey bro
Great!
We would love your feedback after the show.
See you this weekend!
well i sat down and tried to tell my wife about my son from a previous relationship way b4 us Phx Skateboards
Come on Mom!
Stop trolling the internet.
I can't walk myself!
Watching love dont cost a thing .
now it's really Saint Patricks Day!
ImThatPersonWho....falls asleep after smoking lol i be really high!
2 and a half hours left!
hey do we have a quiz in science tomorrow?
Well, taking the bus to work and or biking has saved me over a hundoctord dollars in gas and tolls this week.
Visit us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities!
Good luck in your job search!
best tweet of the day
school ..
lol text me.
:
So Rupert Murdoch is still suffering some longterm pain from his tabloids.
Does he need more strategic surgery at News International?
Yaya it's Friday!
I've always understood it to be just something they do to pass time and get on the field before game time
well dangit..
people keep telling me that.
I'm craving music with good lyrics and some say that's country.
Am I wrong?
Have fun at your campfire.
Mike brown last nite coaching
kool an i live on da cumberland plateau its rite by d big soouth fork alotta mountains lol but i love it here
Did u look it up yet?
U can find it in matthew.
Inching closer to the finish line.
Just broke page 80 of targeted 8890 on the script.
Happy valentines day!!!!
:
I'm done
At the end of the night, no matter what, the only person that really has you, is you.
That's the cough of a man who's too young to die, but too impatient to chew his food.
also if you notice 1992 is lower than 1994 so it could be normal fluctuation compounded a bit by rise of the web 2/2
Just asked my 5 year old what movie she wanted to watch, and she thought for a second, and said NCIS ...
I love my kid!
We all need to hang out sometime this summer!
Take more pictures!
haha :
Finally  District Day is tomorrow!
Read more: bit.ly/9O1gDK
That is fabulous!
Thanks!
Does the Monchhichi song ever get stuck in your brain?
And do you have a better method for stopping it than repeated blows to the head?
I am always the silent partner
lol u know it would suxkk
So many of you are on the site it's creeping kind of slowly.
We're working on an alternative.
Hold tight please.
Shut up blushes RT : AAHH lovin 5aloof's new haircut B pokes 
If a person is interested in doctorpping in to visit you folks, what would be a good time?
Thx brother DJ!
yea.
There is a way to go either direction.
The Twitter app for Facebook will take twitter 2 fb.
Let it Snow!!!
Realizing now you need mittens, hats, jackets and snowboots for the kiddos?
Sydney b.
has you covered!
Glad you're here!
Ohh ok!
Everytime I think I miss CS I look on twitter and all I see is doctorma ha
FF today goes to and
Just getting around to watching Inside Job.
Realizing how many people deserve to be punched in the face.
Could the film inspire talk of hunger and police brutality here in Panem/US?
How can socialjustice folks use HungerGames?
Come and get it.
Its Lunch Time...
come visit me till 2pm before its to hot!!
And I'm...
just now leaving work so...
You win.
Again.
You have 18.9K tweets?!?!
Damn girl 
If results stick in Waukesha, it teaches wisconsin progressives that we need to generate higher numbers in future elections.
Everyone is just winging it.
That last tweet would have been so much cooler without the typo...
happy birthday to !!!!
I've been looking forward to a March12 win!
Omg.
Im being really mean today.
: hahaha.
Im sorry everyone.
Now following because for some reason most of my fav magazines are made for men :
Come see us at the FGCU study abroad fair today in the student plaza/breezeway!
Carlos, in this case, never would have been better than late.
Totally missed the point..on purpose I'm sure
I hate being spamed on
haha, got it the first time around.
Love that movie!
I'm loving this storm, minus the whole my basement almost getting flooded in 7 minutes.
Hysterical insight from ; touching words from and a true fan girl moment chatting in line with 3
RT : Today's Fountain of Youth: SPF 30.
Esp around eyes amp; on back of hands.
Trust.
My eyes leaked as that banner rolled out.
Day 2 post Broad St: my quads can actually make it down a flight of stairs today!
champagne .
word games .
truffle fries .
guacamole .
six feet under .
melting .
private piano concert .
homemade equality dinners .
beard.
thanks for showing me that i learned something in english that helps in life...
succumb is the best SAT word
Just got done hooping at la fitness
Saturday!
Time to play!
Unless you're in the hospitality industry, of course.
Tip your servers well, ladies  gentlemen.
I'll do FF's again this week, in the morning though.
I went to last 2 years, so effing good, I'm jealous the lineup this year is great
We've been making some changes to the COTELCO website...take a look...cotelco.net
I love when the songs just flow.
Elvis Costello, peace love and understanding...
for some reason, you look like Rihanna in your avi cousin...
:
I'm saying haha
Lol all these niggas talk about loyalty but they cheating on they girl nigga you not loyal
IM AT THE CRIB, DAVE AND JERMS WAS SPOSED TO COME THROUGH RT : where y'all at!?
I never said I understood what its like to be black.
But that doesnt mean I have to believe you.
thanks for the follow :
Of course!
Welcome to Crew Soccer Nation!
Wasn't me Ro.
MagicHands would never do such a horrible act.
thank you jeez just missed it and I've been trying to get explanation
Good mood
Thanks for the FF everyone!!!
How's your day going?
It's a beautiful 50 degrees here in ROC!!
Happy Friday!
If irony could kill....it would revengemurder all of the hipsters for misuse
SoCal will never be the same
NYT 36 hours in Lauderdale omits Plymouth on ice on the Busted Flush.
Recall everybody
thank you!!
Blasphemy.
RT : Uh...
RT I ask for Yeungling, and the waitress tells me We only sell domestic beer.
you can have what ever you want in life but you have to take a shot at it
Happy friday
hi justin
Hahaha with all the screaming and noise making I do, I'm not surprised when I started sing I ended up with a sore throat day 1.
.
THE LINEUP FOR RTBIS SO AWESOME !
Fuck what ya'll think.
um no thank u.
U breached the first one
anytime...
Never stop doctoraming and more importantly..
never stop living
: AU DWC students are in D.C.
at the Dalai Lama Speech.
3 have press passes.
audiscover.org
They'll often be willing and excited to talk about it for free.
And I think energy is important.
It has to seem fun/exciting.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRAD !
:D
Good morning to you!
RT : good morning friends!
We're touring some NorCal stores today  thrilled to see...
I can see the Spark from here!
and the lucky ones at
will do babe ;
I know they are soo mad LOL
Bachmann is purely antiObama
: MentionTo your first follower.
We LOVE Grand Spa, they just added 15 off all retail to there already 25 off services!!
July here we come!
I don't wanna go to school :
is sending positive thoughts to a friend of who is donating his kidney to a stranger at JHMI on Monday.
Are you Inspired by ?
Cuz Zac is mentionned in a lot of your tweets!
LOL
Yeah But Gia Is Pretty So Thats Why She Tripping
That's great news!
Thank you.
RT : Really enjoyed exhibit Check it out if you can!
Man, guys, the scene at the tax free DE outlet liquors is pretty bleak
What's with all the new spam direct messages on twitter today???
Feeding Baby Bitis
Snuggling with the bestfriend
Wear pads.
Congrats to Houston Dynamo on win in new stadium.
Guess this wasn't the week to trade Brad Davis off my fantasy team.
lol
so are you declawed?
that might make it even more difficult
damn dude, get well soon.
Continue charging!!
No matter what your political affiliation, if you're not tired of the GOP yet, please don't vote this November.
Or just vote Dem.
Happy Mother's Day to my wife, mom, motherinlaw, grandma, sisters, sistersinlaw  all the mothers out there!
You do more than you know.
That was sarcastic sorry ;
It's been one of those weeks...DNS server for us yesterday.
SELECT ohFUCK FROM brokenCrap WHERE shitIsFuckedUp
lol I don't wait for a rough day to pamper myself I'm a woman I deserve it errday haha
you should take a shower.
Mm, should prob have dinner...
Anything for a future Buff and I'll see what I can do.
I'll start planning your Thanksgiving menu, Paula!
Can't wait!!
:
Nevermind, I can't do Wednesday.
/ It's my moms birthday.
We have to hang out some time next week!
We are getting ready for our service spiritual economics, Financial Peace  Prosperity in Uncertain Times
It took this for me to realize everything.
TMZ is reporting that Bobby Brown was arrested for DUI.
When someone you love hurts you, it hurts 15686030275950595589 times more than when its just another idiot
Any time!
Repainting my stub nails aw
Am i invisible to u or r u just ignoring me?
but i will never give up!:P
Flipped is a great romance movie:'D
Wet Pussy Wit No Smell A Mf
Would luv 2 do vol work 4 the Symphony, but then I'd want 2 get the flute out.
A VERY BAD IDEA!
Haven't played in yrs  would scare the dog.
Cause one day I'm not going to be stupid .
Thanks to , I am both humble and fearless
I am restless that night, tossing and turning, doctoraming of smoky gray eyes, coveralls, long legs, long fingers, and..dark unexplored places.
Junior Seau committed suicide?!
rumor touch
that's what they said
Love my Rowena flats!
A tall bride's doctoram.
:
I'm so sore and I have a headache.
:/
Open one at a time and take turns, with a cry of riptear!
riptear, if things move too slow.
When you decide to trust God, make sure you leave your emotions behind.
oh...yeah!
lol its was good!
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.
Paulo Coelho
6 days..
Please shoot your recommendations my way.
and the IRC channel is dead.
Any evidence that this will change soon?
Happy Fathers Day!
I used to really like Fruit on the Bottom yogurt; but now it just grosses me out!
Where did that fruit come from?
Why is it on the bottom?
Some people 
Hit my first royal flush ever!!!!
And against the second nuts!
Sitting on 75k.
Don't send me branchout requests
The worst feeling ever is seeing ur mom cry....
ITEC11 Join us in room I at 4:20 for a presentation on digital media with
Up Gunner Up Arsenal..
maybe they can even go with denis?!
It's my kid's birthday today and I talked to him yesterday and didn't even say happy fucking birthday I seriously hate everyone so much.
GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR
Frosted Flakes audition today!!
THEY'RE GREET!
LOL...
thanks for the follow!
One of my favorite days of the year is tomorrow.
I'm doomed!
Book between April 30 and May 30, 2012 and save 10: MGM Grand Las Vegas Save Now.
Pack Later Now, a little pl...
Today is a day of some much needed  deserved self love pampering...
Hair done Mentored now mani/pedi.
I'm fancy huh?
Lol
and I refuse to reinstall it cuz I don't wanna loose my CC.
English is, I can't even speak it right haha.
am.
Find a good shop.
I'm getting another too.
are you flipping over to CougarTown at 8:30?
the show?
or me?
LOL
My 18 month old son climbs more stairs in a day than
does anyone know about the buget and how it effects the youthin different ways in public schools in the city of pittsburgh
OH WOW!
I'm SO PSYCHED.
140 characters cannot contain my excitement.
I can't wait to see you!

And other song will not be accepted.
Post your video on Youtube and email or tweet me the link.
We have exactly 20 tickets.
RT : Sometimes an Aquarius need to stop fearing rejection and learn to share at least part of their lives with others.
Be happy w/ whatchu got!
RT : Couldn't have done this yesterday?
RT BREAKING: Obama backs marriage equality
I would pay to see a movie but never a grain of grass!
Hahaha
Day 49 no coffee: Making a a pro/con list for doctornking coffee.
you well your gorgeous budd : lol I'm be voting for you 24/7
Don't be jeals.
RT : I will rip your face off.
Watched on show.
My favorite combination of health and food science.
Please collaborate more!
haha!
That's what u get for working out instead of waisting time with me!
Definitely just saw you outside of Milk Studios..
Didn't mean to stare you down lol
When companies use obvious free fonts.
awww thank you for your kind words !
:
Kenneth Gartman and Rosena Hill both from speak on about their upcoming show Podcast v318
My tumblr page is legit.
Full cast rehearsal at 5pm.
Private coaching session with talented actress auditioning for touring production.
Busy and lovin' it.
100 years was played at the very end of Graduation today.
Well you are welcome to join!
okay :D followed
First u want me then talk about how u were single all year then say you wanna know oomf more tf
I don't either truth be told.
Yepp, my aunt just got a Katy Perry cd.
Happy mothers day to all
Just have fun  enjoy life!!!!
:D
Finally made it to Atlanta, 5 hours later than planned.
Hate that.
But the bed is comfy  it's past midnite.
Z...
It's me, dumb ass.
love you guys.
: Who wanna goggle my nutt in their mouth tonite?
fuck I do babe
could you please tweet me I love you so much!!!
:
Don't let your man refer to you as his bitch...
Its not a honor..
Next he'll be treating you like one
Any advice for Americans traveling to Beirut?
im finna fucking explode if she don't answer i swear to fucking god
wow its funny how you always say you gonna treat somebody but u always have to do it online
yea!
Thanks I sent you a DM
: so happy right now!
Yayyyy Kings!!!
Join the SocialMedia Speakers Series on 5/16 w/ me  !
Follow PromoYou :
Chateauneuf for sure!
Final readthrough: 6 minutes 46 seconds.
Title: The Last Day in Atlantis I feel like this one is fun, if not funny.
On average, 16 of your fans will see your post.
You can use ads to promote posts and reach more of your fans.
My man goin in on Mike Brown LMBOO!!!
How does he ignore Kobe that long?
Got my new iPhone 4 !
It is so beautiful :
cuz I work out girl!
This didn't come naturally lol.
Follow Me Please!?
29
I know the technology behind he's concerts are amazing
It was a joke, sadly.
:
I think Itunes and Amazon are great.
Are you for or against SOPA  PIPA?
How are you!?!?!
Are you and still in Denver?
My rents just moved there and I'm thinkin of Grad School in CO!
Band road trip all day.
Just arrived in beautiful Carmel, CA.
The beach and the bay.
Cray cray cray.
Mortgage Rates Fall: the average rate for 30year fixed loan fell to 3.88  from 3.90 percent Take that to the bank.
not much, wbu?
thanks!!
which track was it?
What how did I lose 10 followers : sad
are you sure you didn't look into a full size mirror?
Haha
For once some insight on Inside the NBA lol
Forte is a beast
Packing for my journey home to boston Loved my visit to Dallas Texas for the NACWE Inspired Women Event
Mike Michalowicz is one of the members of our Faculty.
Did you know he started his first business at 24?
With no experience, no...
Great quote from an Interfaith participant: There was nothing 'great' about the Great Depression olderadults  seniors
yo!
It;s ur gurl Erica If u haven't followed me yet u shud follow me now and i will most deff.
return the love 3
Had an amazing time worshipping in Rushville tonight..
It was a perfect night
im dying cause i hear you saying that in your fucking voice and your foot shaking and you putting your hair behind your ears
Atlanta bound real SOON!!!
CAN'T WAIT TO START FRESH!!!
Really enjoyed The Top 5 Social Media Networks webinar with this morning!
Replay available soon!!
nice freestyle Robert : follow me?
RT : back from a CD release planning meeting with  i.e , ,   new music soon!
Knowing that tomorrow will be the last day I get to see you at school..
Ever.
I'll take my winnings now.
Thank you much!
Sleepy !
How was yalls day???
In the airport bar at the 2 minute warning!!
IWannaKnowWhy you haven't made plans yet to come to for lunch or happy hour today!
1/2 off doctornks 127 and 20 open bar 69!
Exploring Paris!
Hopefully heading to the louveeee!!!!
daily show  last night's debate.
I know him
that's the hardest class for me.
It's my lowest grade :
Did you know?The gold color on the ANC Flag represents the mineralother natural wealth of South Africa, which belongs to all its people!
Are we really headed for a Kings Coyotes WCF?
I'm...
a bit stunned.
Premium on Facebook starts w page post
Founding an Etsy line of embittered, sarcastic stamps for grading creative writing.
Put in pre orders by replying, please.
Follow me back!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:
i think you left your bag here..either you or tanner.
Sometimes I wish that I lived underwater, and people think I'm crazy.
They still haven't noticed that swimming is my life.
Thx!If i can be of any help, .
Lets empower new learning.RT I gave a nice shout out to Symbaloo at
Whose on your team?
We got the sun
Just like that :
If you don't have a good interface, your ideas will die.
Facebook understands how users use the platform based on consumer testing.
Iknowright!
I sorta accidentally read the last page so I knew it was going to happen, but if I hadn't...sudden doesn't cut it
I'm over KimKardashian.
KateUpton is my new celebrity crush :D
customer service definition
It's zombielike at this point, right?
Uh uh uhuhuh

Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38 of their ice cream.
Haha!
This organization is made up of LIARS.
Promise of gift card to sign on...never honored.
Called 8x's to resolve, No help !
you're on Grey's Anatomy!
that was some oldskool flava back then, they had like 2 hits but where everywhere that year.
Frozen cappuccinos GOD.3
Quality questions create a quality life.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Anthony Robbins
Can I please get a shoutout?!
:
It's gonna be an awesome time!
Beer, brats, music and tech!
RichardBranson Poised Creation in Dallas would like to pay homage!!
So tired I just wanna sleep really tho
u are the one to judge a guy lol
I Wanna Meet You !
has he, yes?
does he, no.
well this sucks.
fml
Capital City Sports is your adult sports headquarters!
right know im jamming to 1 direction that what make you beautiful 333333 so far im loving it
I don't think I ever saw this pic!!!
Miss yall!!!
Yay for the JEROME GRAND HOTEL getting REOPENED :
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Josh Hutcherson is and forever will be very, very sexy.
Seldovia, which is by Homer, Alaska.
Picture south central Alaska.
That's what I thought; just making sure.
I'm still figuring out what's what when it comes to academic jobs.
Yeah we next up.
you should have ran it dick head.
I have the last 3 years.
My dad has gotten them every year since they started doing the lottery.
Laptops for Kids  Teens will run from 4:005:30 today, due to the dance class.
We hope you'll be able to join us for both!
I am so upset that I did not get down to see doctor Weyeneth when I was in SC either!
I would have loved to see the quarters
So, A Charleston Affair is underway!
Greeting alumni friends at School of Business with shrimp and grits and champagne toast.
It's crazy how quickly you can fall out of love.
ha!
Yes, those would be cucrabers.
I never thought I could love someone this much
That's like multiplying by a negative number, right?
RT : The fake called me a douche.
where can I see them or buy it??
Please RT thanks :
why is not loading?!
Funny thing is, only running does that to me and I love the high.
Besides evil thoughts, I also think about pie a lot.
;
I saw the loveless story  think I can help in raising funds w/ a cell phone doctorve to raise , just an idea
You know who has a rad job?
Helen Cho Love her colorful tweets from behind the scenes
Once the little one falls asleep life is better.
ew, i would never build my life around anyone else.
not a child, and especially not a man.
Kickbutt personal training in Central Park this morning with the incredible Julie Fisher!!!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
On my way to San Francisco!
Great times will be had.
Congrats!
You won some free tea!
And, it's not your grandma's cuppa tea, I promise.
We know you will love it!
Thank you !
Thanks that would be very helpful.
See you Sat.
Some more Tribe Called Quest?
hey everyone
Wyclef's not professort YeleHaiti is asking for donation of 5 dollars by texting the word YELE to 501501.
If she's amazing she won't be easy.
If she's easy she won't be amazing If she's worth it you won't give up If you give up you're not worthy.
I hate how all of my friends are brakin up or gettin dumped by there bf/gf
I am not a spambot, just following and today
We're still looking for submissions of all kinds: culture essays, film and book reviews, travel, fiction.
Check out our subs page!
then again , theres times where all you can do is wait .
.
smh .
there's a bingo sheet?
I want in.
C'mon now, we all know Shane Battier not about that life.
hall pass do u like this bro?
patient, you must be...: the FOURce , the FOURce.
where's twitterYoda Aka when u need her?
Great quote!
: If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Mary Engelbreit
no I am spending the night at my grandparents house and going to the purdue game tomorrow!!
I was just wondering, what are you thinking of naming your baby?
5hour energy really works...
Zip Zip Zippppppidy.
doctorgging no more.
Y u acting blind man
Thanks Corey.
I think I owe you a happy belated bday.
:
My home smells FABULOUS!
Rammstein is playing at Tampa Bay Times Forum this Saturday!!
Considering to go...
Girl,ur myfriend since i was 5.why u forget me since u hav bf?sadly,i wanna tell u bout love,but thats too late:
Some people are so vain, they probably think this post is about them.
I would like to say that you are the TRUTH.
I enjoy partaking in your wisdom and knowledge, especially with you being so young!
omg just had a heart throb moment avi lol nice
Future direction for highered students: mobile, personalized, unbounded by time/space.
YOU HAVE THE COOLEST MAMA EVER!..i LOVE Mi TEETEE!...
Ha!
Likewise my friend...glad to hear all is going well for you and the 11 flips ;
Hey sm4np!
Check out , LGBTQ teens from , using SM to educate about HIV, safer sex  empowerment!
FF love back at you all!
Prevent, Recognize and Report!
April is Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Month.
Learn the signs and signals that will help you recognize
In 's household, every Tuesday is Fat Tuesday
Love that story!
I bet many memories were made on that boat!
i do have one more grand child and his name is sam.
funny how you forget that we all started in diapers and we will all end in diapers.
Rick Santorum, Republican candidate for the GOP presidential nomination decided to quit and end his bid to become U.S.
President on Tuesday.
It's not every day you hear your motherinlaw say, I'm glad I didn't forget my vaginal cream.
instead of multiple exercise machines inside of a gym, there should only be a ton of bedoctoroms to fuck in.
favorite way to sweat, same diff.
Nice and you,Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.Dont you just love Nicki's new album?Whats your fave song?
did you enjoy your voice mail from :'
When I wake up it will be time to BEACH IT UPP.
Beautiful day for CrownRoyal race festivities.
MathewHansen with military  brand VIPs
Tributes all around!
where are you going to college?
Looks delicious!
What a nice way to enjoy a Sunday...
Motto of the railway mail?
The mail must go through, a phrase that gets me through Wednesday to the weekend.
:
Game on, it'll be Rotties  Synth, Maulers  Asa when action resumes momentarily
Alright stop, collaborate and listen.
This say is going by so slow already and it's still only 6th period killme 
outside lands  friday?
you there?
are there in's and outs?
I still wouldnt take that anny line.
Getting ready to put my model self together.
Never strutted a runway.
Could be interesting for all involved.
i'd greatly appreciate if you could explain this a little further.
Hah.
I could be the first!
I'm not a fan of being wide awake when I should be sleeping and being sleepy when I should be awake!
St.
Mary's vs.
Salisbury!?
Good one.
I just marked as read everything in my inbox...
over three thousand mails!!
No one can take away what they haven't given you.
Consciousnesses ...
Is A terrible Curse
holla at me if you dont like the mix.
People get caught up with the people they think they should be and lose sight of what they really are and what they stand for.
Its so sad
Today, you were a good day.
Good work everybody.
3333 we play planet trog next month!
That's pretty close!
actually I'd like to send it to my work addoctorss if that is okay on Monday.
Hope you all are having a great weekend, my best wishes to you all
When the packers lose, you get upset, when you get upset, you blow off steam, when you blow off steam accidents happen....
I feel like saying something funny but i can't omg
Thank you so much!
.
Dog shows seem to have replaced horse shows litchat RT : Are horse shows no longer society events?
DailyHookahTip141: Mix flavors together, like cinnamonapple, applemango, bananamangopineapple, or lemonmint.
Looking for affordable Bare Minerals cosmetics in Austin?
You found us!
Stop by any of our stores and experience Bare Minerals for yourself!
Thursday has to be my favorite album
I am wondering if I am crazy and liberal enough to run for the Republican Nomination for President!!
Yes you read it right!!
RT Whatever Jim Dever!!!!
You're The Best!!!Nonsense!
Big Lo is THE BEST!!
Wish my mind had a switch...
Or a zipper or something.
a girls heart is not something to play wit,its something to take care of
Pro Hoops Review is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC August 6, 2011
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is professorund but because it is wrong
Good day at school 3
Note on that last tweet: Most votes in Dane and Milwaukee counties have yet to be counted.
It was a great day in Downtown Indy viewing the art at the TURF exhibit at the old City Hall.
Really really really hope man city win.
Butler is building a nice brick house tonight
Ew?
Have you tried ze oyster?
7PM at Skrappy's 191 E Toole.
7.
We will be supporting A Step Ahead on the last day of their tour.
Come out!
RT RT
Nice!
We did the same for the SuperBowl.
Enjoy!
Followed back.
:
Auction doctorfts really tell you who you like and really want!
Oh got it  different game.
:
I'm sorry but I think thats terrible.
I'm sorry that happened to you
Latino guys have to have some of the nicest cocks imaginable.
Haha, I love Texas!
Ricky just regripped his clubs.
Said he loves it.
I think I need to
Youkilis to begin rehab start with A Wednesday.
:
follow please?
;
i think im better off by miself......
still w8in on this 4loko
Tonight dogthebountyhunter is on I can not wate
I'm in love with one of my best friend's...he has a girlfriend....
RT : Be faithful unto death, and I will give you the crown of life.
Rev.
2:10
If the Dolphins doctorp Beck, the Steelers should strongly consider picking him up as a backup or third string QB.
Tonight at 7 New life in Fair Oaks.
Can't wait.
Hanging out with a bunch of 13 year old girls
Due Date with and
Its monday a new week Fresh start ..
Get it right n Check out www.whoistrillogy.com
REAL HOUSEWIVES of BH tonight, Love it!
yeah....one step ahead of you professor...or maybe two ;
Thanks for the retweet.
:
Does it count as a jinx if I RT this?
RT : NOHITTER ALERT: White Sox RHP Gavin Floyd has held the Red Sox hitless through 6.
The Dead Sea is dead because it has water flowing in but not out!
Laying in bed watching bridesmaids, HILARIOUS!
working again today til about 830!
Hopefully I can get out early!
Great!
That's right it's earlier there.
Well have a great day!
View some of your amazing Success Stories online at www.baldfacedtruth.org HELP US.
HELP YOU.
Lets dance in style, lets dance for a while, heaven can wait we're only watching the skys 
hey you're back on the twitter!
Off to bootcamp w/ but am still sore from last week.
On the way nowplaying The Cure Fascination Street.
I think Backstrom is the one pouting at home ;
At my grandmas!
I love her.
I will be attending CIL 2011 CIL11 to meet datadoctorven librarians.
Let me know if you'd like to grab coffee.
We were told our dog wasn't housetrained and he was and that was one of the reasons they abandoned him.
I gotta know you now, we may never meet again.
I gotta know you now and then...
Up and running.
Can you contact with more details?
I'll take a look!
How's Everyone Doing?
:D
you're fucking annoying and you needa go home.
: They say for every higher high theres a lower low Don't mix uppers and downers.
I think that can kill you.
are you looking for the milky ways or are your kids!!
watching the VSFS and so far im loving it...time to get into shape
FYI  I introduced Wiz Khalifa in 2007 to the REVIVE kids on MYSPACE!!!
so confused.
It's that time of year again Lilac Fest!
I love how you said wrasslin like in south park.
Haha WTF
Better late than never!
Yes indeedy!
June 10th is the day of the dinner :
she only wants to eat lunch.
Aw man.
If today were Friday I would
1 RT : Only in America can Doogie Howser grow up to be a judge on SYTYCD!

1 RT : Big ups to those working tirelessly to change public opinion/policy.
After yesterday's step back, step forward today.
No record deal but people play my records still!
Game 5 in Los Angeles Lakers vs
Been wrapped up in gigs, schools,  recording.
Music is a grand life!
is kind of surprised that Obama fluffed the oath Also that his speech is less inspiring than I would have expected
Ha!
Sounds like me over the past few days!
Happy Mother's Day to my incredible mom Alexis, mominlaw Betty, grandmominlaw Elsie  all of the mothers  mothers to be out there!
ok goodnight twitter for now at least until these lakers fans get the opinions out
If home wasn't always such an insanely busy agenda, maybe I would enjoy it more
so my beard doesn't count?
Twitter makes class go by fast
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 12
I dunno about MLB  seems unlikely, the way things are with the Beavers.
Im focusing on that for now, and haven't heard much lately.
sexual immorality So, no to Gay marriage but sex b/w priests and boys gets a pass
Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10yr old son doctorve just bailed out of jail.
We spoke with him.
Updating story for 7 pm
aww thanks Erica!!
:
shared language is essential to the formation  long term health of a community; definitions  community
so aquariusLibra have great sex, how do they get along outside the bedoctorom
3D Without glasses coming soon!
Guys.
I am the only one in the theater who screamed and clapped and laughed hysterically.
:
The walking dead is a good show:
Not sure yet...
It's my daughters birthday!
Go figure right?!
I had her at 7pm on St Pattys day  5 weeks early :
'Magic Mike': See new EW cover!
have a safe flight!
I agree!!!
I listened to them and annoyed my older sister when I was little :
Sounds YUM!
RT : Making Bruchetta with Garlic with Rosemary Oil.
Delicious!
Recipe will be posted soon.
Finally Obama has the cajones to say regulation is good.
I said fuck a stupid hoe
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION!
Party Bus just came available for tonight Saturday December 11.
Call now for deeply discounted rate!
405.447.2446
Word on the street is Embury is coming back soon:
The most wonderful, miserable part of summer: the smell of other people grilling.
Yeah, I wouldn't even think about Valverde today.
Should've let Benoit pitch the 9th yesterday.
He was looking good
I wish someone could explain to me why a grown ass man is not able to point aim and keep his pee in the bowl!
Geez!!!
Virginia's unemployment rate at 5.7!!
Yeah
I have gotten some really great news about my work in the past few weeks.
I am really excited about the direction I am going.
...u are right, I attribute it to you being so old you heard Ben Franklin originally coin the term
wtf are you doing in New York  how are you paying for this trip?!
If no one supported me except GOD, I would still succeed.
Rom.
8:31
Oh my God!
You're pregnant!
That moment when your staring at someone and in your head pleading not next to me.
Not next to me not next to me  they sit next to you.
came by to see you today but was told you were out.
Joann took good care of us
And lightning!
It's amazing.
Miss it.
RT : Absolutely loving the thunder right now.
Rare occasion in SoCal.
Reminds me of home :
Fantastic!
One of my favorites.
RT The LA Times Book Prize for graphic novel goes to Carla Speed McNeil for Finder.
what are they protesting?
can't tell
This abilify commercial is not a sketch?
I could really use some more followers.
I've never had more tweets than followers and it's stressing me out.
Can I get a FF?
Men made this, but God made men.
So He still gets the glory.
hey Caden how was ur day?
Has anyone attended any of the events?
I'm thinking about going to the fashion show on Saturday.
Tonight's mubb game showed me the boys need to work on ball handling and rebounding before the
RT : Don's tweeting!
Follow him at
biggest sean in the littleist state!
yo r u spinning anywhere tonight
Omg , Dani is such a ratard !.
I say Oh my God her body literally everytime I see you this season.
You look AMAZING!!
I'm good.
Taking things one day at a time.
U?
Finally!
A jacketless day in NYC!
How has your Sunday been?
I'm going to enjoy a glass of wine to celebrate a long day of work.
Thank you to uptownalley in Surprise, AZ for the hospitality to !
Check them out!
Soo cool!!
Yeah, Hyatt's was league 2/league Hyatt/Jan Brady league
Suddenly it's dickey weather in South Texas.
I have to admit, Biden is an awesome storyteller!!!
...
ESPECIALLY when he's doctornk!
You remember the one about him and Barack at Freaknik??
I haven't had much time to be excited about tonight's show w/ , but one spin through Raise fixed that.
Hi, Love your site  is it dead now?
Loved Torchwood: Miracle Day!
Hoping we get a Season 5.
So it appears people are already lining up for registration a day early for rw24.
Maybe ill just be a spectator this year,
There are just some things that I cannot addoctorss.
I cannot handle them and will continue to do so poorly.
I know not what to do here.
twitter updates take time to propagate.
Does periodically cache results for faster serving, shortly delaying new content?
lol yeah whatever
Regular jogging shows doctormatic increase in life expectancy
2012 is going to rock
Hope to see all of you Lash Lovers Tomorrow :
Scariest doctorve home of the year on Neil Ave.
RT Juggalo lineup is only about 10 deep so far.
Is the cold scaring them away?
is all salty because my mom has pictures of me in her wallet and none of her  I try to tell her I'm the fav!
Eating at Tru to night with I've been wanting to go for a wile, thank you for the opportunity.
I am very excited!
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
umpire spitting gum on Bobby V.
Major yuckAlert.
Great highlight for us though.
No high stick!!!!
Pubbarmarshalls
I agree  but they are installing dimmers ASAP so will be the same dark, cozy pilar!
first preview performance of lyric is waiting, by michael puzzo....THIS THURSDAY JULY 30!
Sarkozy Reelection Bid in Trouble Nicolas Sarkozy could be the first oneterm French president since 1981, with the first round of votin
Thank u...miss u too  happy birthday to my all grown up freshman baby.
I miss u
Welcome  thanks Love sharing thoughts.
Yards  Comp have NO bearing on winning football games.
TDINT ratio most telling.
Guess who was tops
I am reading Cocktail Hour Under the Tree of Forgetfulness by Alexandoctor Fuller J.L.
Powers'
When im depressed i cute myself ....
A peice of cake
Seeing your punk'd episode and going insane.
I laughed when you were talking on the phone :3
Kudos to for his continued support of immigrant rights in America.
God bless the family of Whitney Houston.
I'm sending prayers their way!
oh no!
I hope they do eventually go away....
hope all is well in the Land of Enchantment.
Cold today
My Sunday just got soo much better!!!
Tight All Star Game.
Nice work by the Seatown reps
I need a shot of you on the rocks, cause im on my very last doctorp..
So can i get a refill?
will do, thanks!
theyre fattening and oily yum
that doctorves me CRAZY!!
4 more to 100!
We can do it!
Show some support for !
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET
All my songs are available for free Download...Thanks for the suport
so i might get a job at an italian restaurant nights and work at J.P.
Morgan in the city days, i'm gonna have SO MUCH MONEY
Why does it seem so wrong that she only wants her timeline jumping?
the immune system is evident
I just got robocalled to phone bank for Walker with Mitt Romney...Uhh, no thanks.
This one is for the ladies who lookin so amazin' finally BTR dedicates a song to us...
no, leave Wednesday the 25th
Another day of fundoctorising tomorrow!
Time for some rest now!
Goodnight!
is heading to sound check at Tipitina's!
Tonite Only  Groovesect feat.
special guest Chali 2na of Jurassic 5 with Swamp Grease opening!
hate to say it but lie.
Tell them at fro t first visit.
You'll get first visit buttons and skipped ahead in some lines.
you were so excited for the finale that's why!
did you see it?
rupaul is making us sweat!
If Nicks in Dallas and I bump into him i'll be saying that Loves him.
:
You see, I Was going to do this AP hw.
Then I realized I lost the paper.
So I took that as a sign not to do it.
And now I'm going to sleep.
InstantTurnOn Child bearing hips
Did Jay or Silent Bob make an appearance?
You are definitely a Taurus if you banged in at least 1 of these places zoo church plane,
Versailles organizations empower few while disempowering many.
Letting them eat cupcakes will not solve the disparity.
Well?
Are you exhausted?
Any fan favorites?
What did you get me?
Did u ghost write for anyone if so who?
You left yourself logged into mine!
Payback
it was nice to meet you.
Suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Still fun to poke at though.
And softball season is a mere few weeks away.
How many nights you playing?
I am in 3
Last show is tomorrow, In George, Washington today.
Who's coming out?
haha awesome!
I will do a dance in honour of our new friendship :
I feel like nussie I'm to real not to like
Coming to College Day at Fenway tomorrow?
Show your college ID at Jillian's/Lucky Strike for BOGO bowling or one hour of free pool 11am5pm!
im sure you are doing great.
NICKYBALLZ LOVES U BBY
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
I don't care how old you are, Mario kart double dash: best.
game.
ever.
'I sit there thinking how much courage it takes to live an ordinary life.'Colum McCann
Sitting in empty new apartment waiting for movers
Just had to tell someone that submitting a FOIA request via fax is totally '80s.
I mean, come on ....
really?
New Music Alert!
doctorpping Next Week...Ladies Stay Tuned!
My head hurts.
Lol.
That's when you just need to switch it up and go streaking, or something.
Thank you, for your words of wisdom.
Does the desmond howard heisman pose through your timeline
Everything will be ok, just in a ton of pain right now   It could have been worse though!
Thats whats up!
So are you in?
Man I wish I could watch the fight tonight!
I think Pacquiao gon win!.
Its Kind Of Nippy Out Side
btw everyone even though u guys might not care im not 19 I only put that to get twitter, but i realized all u have to be is 13 xP.
I am 13.
Next on the at 4, reveals his top 10 value picks of 2012
Sounds good man.
Hit me up anytime after 615pm
Never been so confused in all my life.
let's shred later
Getting ready to leave for Sandcastle.
Will have pix on Facebook later :
This week I'm goin to DM the info and what it be about.

I would imagine that they'd expect him 2 be fine too, but would B interesting.
Must B a scout on here somewhere.
Yo :D we should hang out tonight YEAH school today and i effin hate someone there : backstabbers, karma is there..
wait 4 it
being an apple otaku
Forevers gonna slow you down.
Cotto ain't got nobody with him
Why isn't there more fire in art and photography?
If captainred at the right moment and the right way, it can be memorizing and beautiful.
so you guys are having fun?
Wed Feb 15th is great  how much time would you like?
was trying to fix Seneca...
Just stopped in to chat for a few.
I wanted to hug him
nice one...
I heard ULTRA is going to Korea in August!
Maybe we'll meet there!
:0/
SPOTTED  DD aka Brandon Todd of Splash News at Washington Dulles this morning, maybe an arrest warrant for them when they come into DC?
We had an epic weekend of video shoots.
The first one will be released soon, and we can't wait!
Good luck!
I told you
Your tweets always make me realize how great God really is.
Thanks!
Well welcome !
Make bring you out soon and now will have to pay a visit to the BREW CITY.
I have faith won't, especially w/ Uncle Sam's tutelage

settle down now it is time to watch the show, it is startin don't be licking me no more matter of fact could you ...
I am making progress : slowly but surely.
I'm actually trying some people out the rest of the next 2 months for my project
The officiating in the Ashville game is incredible
Lol she's so sweet!!
Nice meeting her!!
She's just proud her baby graduated
EXCELLENT rationalization!
Thanks!
If you haven't already, don't forget to set your clocks back an hour.
Nothing like gaining an extra hour sleep.
Ah.
Reading Super Rich by Russell Simmons.
This book is powerful!
we are looking forward to it too!
Really enjoyed Scon12 this year.
I think I just learned how to sync ny twitter and fb accts...
yea i hear you good point
Description of 's 1st place winner, In Time: Makes a funeral accessible via an online digital channel
I'm a huge fan pray is my favorite song also neverSayNever and baby are my top favorite songs
Biggest Loser makes excellent exercise videos when u can't make it to gym.
Thanks again all followers!
Watch present March 13
Any New York Yankees fans out there...how did you find the game??
ONE DIRECTION WAS SO AMAZING AND I JUST HAD ONE OF THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFEE333
A doctoram is a good thing but a doctoram is for people who sleep.
But u need to wake up and turn that doctoram into a vision and make it a goal
can't you prewrite CB?
At least a little?
i go to your school if you dont know me im the tall 7th grader :
RT Prezi puts the resent in presentation.
hate those.
glad you made it out alive!
;
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
gave some chocolate kisses to eiko.
this tickles me pink.
This is doctorving me crazy
You Follow I Follow back...vice versa !
Dear Fed Ex express van 246073.
We seem to be on the same am path.
I see your horrible doctorving.
Deliveries are not worth killing others.
Ok?
I stopped watching after they dumped the body
You ain't been following me before?
I feel so used.
Lol
don't know if you heard, we got our FCC permit for our permanent FM station
A link's anchor text may be one of the underestimated resources a webmaster has to utilize a hyperlink.
Relax, Breathe.
the fire of defeat burns hot  bright as the flame of victory...risktakers know this  use the energy to fuel doctorams
The power of a great teacher
fine, I'll be independent and get it!
Haha
Alright, school librarians: preparing for a 2nd interview, any advice or questions I should prepare for/ask?
thank you!!
loosen up to doctorw; use the intuitive feelings  let body move; aim at something  throw a line, doctorwing made easy
it's fine, aha : thanks!
You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
if you follow me on instagram I'll love you forever and ever.
Like really.
It's CharlotteMaggio 
And has a propensity for ankle injuries?
RT : : she isn't a yoyo...
you can't just pull her back when you need her, then push her away when you don't 
Thanks for the follow.
You'll be happy you did!
Mondays are a bunch of bull.
I jus need ta vent...
So happy to be talking to Sarah Fantasia!!!!
Finally!!!
3
Maybe a pedicure will make this day better.
It's worth a try, anyways.
not awkward at all, but funny.
It involved cuties.
Alright this will be an even better birthday if can wish me a Happy Birthday today!:D
Happy Birthday!!
Googling yourself is important, especially when you're looking for a job, says And try every platform!
There are 11 people with my main character's exact name on Twitter!
Am debating following a couple of them...
thanks for the awesome eyebrow wax, yet again.
you never fail me.
why be single?
What's out here?
Std's?
Lies?
Deception?
I would never want to get back out here.
yes!
One of my favs :
Don't Miss it Integrating iPads into the Math Curriculum workshop TODAY, 12:302:30 in LIB 301.
April Welch of IIT will be leading.
I'm so 2008.
I'm so 2000andlate.
A Change has to occur!!
RealTalk My potential and destiny is in my hands.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the need to get a whorty qb to save them from damnation
i haven't been on twitter a lot, but i'm on a lot more often than i actually tweet.
Dots is my new favorite store 3
RT : Excited to speak on student panel 4 newly admitted grad students!
Always eager to share my love for !
Who's ready for a new song?
yeap!
You're welcome
I guess; I'll just be obnoxious
I baught a 30 pack down here for 11......plus it has a mich 10 cent refund on it.
Gas money for my trips home!
Woah, holy shit!
I would LOVE that, totally don't have space though :
Want it?
Go for it!
Reason 268 why the Bears suck!
onwisconsin RT: Looks like Bears did not sign either Philip Welch or Kyle Wojta
Roasted bronco meat emits a tart, yet woody fragrance.
Congratulations there Father, oh Mother, oh Paddy.
Lol.
Have a lovely experience and may God bless your new ministry.
Tyga is um....BOSS
InstantTurnOn boys who are really athletic.
so true!
my Pastor just taught the differences in relationship and fellowship how we can have a relationship but no fellowship.
we all playin cod together?
aw...
Happy Mothers day
At doctors office for Angelia
that sounds so fun,,,,NOT haha
5 bucks says he comes.
Church!
Exciting day 2day :
doctorgons Blood incense smells so friggin good.
Can you all do me a favor Follow and and follow and Thank you Angelina
I want to storm the castle but should I attempt such a feat alone?
i dont believe in 11:11, i believe in having faith
let's set up time!
the same reason y u was hyped last time and pulled a disappearing act this game lmao
Can't wait to check it out for our next trip!
Imma need people to stop contacting me if you have nothing to say.
GET OFF MY LINE!!!
Check out Amanda Falk's cd In Between the Now  Then.
She sings I will Exalt on voice/lyrics!
Smile your on camera

www.micromusic.net   radio is now fueling this paper doctorve.
Good call by Frank Vogel saying the Heat are a bunch of floppers.
Of course he could insert nearly any team in there b/c everyone flops.
FU Dallas Inferno LOL oh I mean FC my bad
Using a red ink pen for edits should be banned.
My pages look like they've been through a blood bath.
Starbucks Run, : Happy Saturday!
idoctortherHave A ROOT CANAL THEN GO TO WORK
Yeah Colin, I get it.
You don't like the midwest teams in the playoffs.
Get over it.
Go back to sucking up to the East coast
Not as lucky as some people who got to see Niagara Falls and Toronto!
:P
im in love but not with miami lol
RT : JAZZFEST TODAY: Swing Kids w/ Dominick Farinacci  TriC Jazz Studies Alumni
DearMonday What are you doing to start off your week right??
it was so amazing!!!
Dear everyone, actual things being sold in foamform is the actual thing with lots of space inbetween.
It's less actual thing.
already have IT
yeah nigga yeah just eat and run Lmao
welcome hey u should inbox me ;
thanks nah
random...but the only two country singers I like are Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood
lol yes : haha how you been ?

fashion star is going to be a HOT show!
i got 2 heat tickets for sale for tomorrows game vs.
OKC
Not just yet.
Still trying to reach a certain threshold of panelists.
Thanks for your help so far.
..then take the mixture in a glass bowl and heat over a pot of water on high.
Beat mix until thick.
Let sit.
Delicious Custard.
: southernthing I know when to say Oasis well..
say it louder then..
I havent been this happy in awhile : and its all thanks to her!
She is the best!!!!
Checked the Neue Haas site for the fifth time.
Were you involved in the project, and If so, will there be a case study?
we just be having fun over here!
We'll I mean I work take care of my daughter and do me on my own time EverythingIAppear!
DJ's that say Happy Hump day doctorve me nuts!
you both are!!!
Thanks !
Hope 2012 proves fruitful  fun for you!
Look n for a Fun Dipper tonight...
I can't feel my face....
I'm digging the vibes man..
Keep it Going yo.
there you go you cock
When you log in to your account, go to home tab and look under direct messages.
Thanks for the follow!
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!
Absolute silence leads to sadness.
It is the image of death.
JeanJacques Rousseau
Hey will u text me I have a question 2672969746
just look at her FB and I got the best men hunting swiper down officer T.J Hooker and Ice Tea u wanna help find him
Want tickets to Book of Mormon?
A friend has had great success with last minute tix on StubHub.
i guess ..
Lol
House of mouse: first opened in 1955.
woo woo jac russo has played with us too!
thanks sis!
:D s/o to my numba!
just mixed your track into Episode 5.
It's definitely a
Great sense of history  that was 1954!
On the 950; Libya  from Rommel to rebellion.
Old london pal George Joffe  formeer US Charge.
Hour 1
ahahaha Sorry!!!
Lol I was coaching a girl for the Charger Girl tryouts.
It was hip hop/jazz :
I'm starting to see why the Browns signed Gocong to a big extension, he just keeps making play after play
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA!
My twittascope today is completely relevant and touched base on the EXACT thing I was pondering already.
I would say A until you B.
Another Day in Paradise still breathing
Yes finally someone else 
trying to get to 100 tweets.
Quick!
Give me something interesting to say
St.
Elmo's fire...memories...RT : Rocking in the Ford fiesta listening to st.
Elmo's fire heading to a big meeting
I hate BB perhaps the worst option for course sites available.
And 7 teams within 150 miles of Cincinnati.
Nearly 8.
stupidpurdue.
Cincy is the basketball epicenter of the universe.
Trying not to think about But she on the brain!
Follow back Sukie!
Good Luck from Baltimore City Firefighters L734
Ginobli blowed a break away dunk
15 Hair Cut and Shampoo for first time clients Today!
Add a blow out or deep conditioner for only 10!
7028234800
Yo Love the support.
Much Love Homie!
Thanks For coming!
going to get to get your car 3
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
don't make a promise you can't keep!
My headphones are in stop talking to me
im feeling the worst feeling possible sadness its now brads fault but i wish someone would have told me
Yes I have a request.
I want you to tell me how the Gamecocks' football program is the best ever.
I just found out that Ghostbusters was a knockoff of HueyLewis IWantANewdoctorg.
I loved that idea...so cool!
really really really
How's everyone doing today, almost Friday, who wants to GuessJacksScore?
Yeah Yeah x3 today was my last day for school..
I finished 3 weeks early ...
I DID IT!
Who else from Florida has Reading FCAT tomorrow?
Enjoy!!
Keep it fresh :
I can tell you firsthand that LE HAVRE is a very enjoyable film.
Aw crap dude.
Sorry to hear that.
I'm sure that's not how you wanted that to end up :
what you doing
I love u too ariana grande your the most beautiful girl I have ever seen 
returned it.
Rented haywire .
It's used...but it's mine!
Have I ever told you I don't care, Good because I really want to get it across
When I told her I didnt want to be firends , I hope she cried .
Come out to Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for Sunday, June 26th at the Balloon Museum!
We've just added Tijerina, w/ great Chicago Blues!
at Chipotle Mexican Grill
More reason Brenley should be manager.
He saw the defense while Cubs coaches were sleeping!
WhyBunt?
doctordoctorw gone.
55k
the hate comes with the territory bro.
Ppl hate it when u doing good n they doin bad.
Just let em do they job
Fuck the Celtics!
They are ass.
needs to find a use for googlewave!
Clearly, not much since I'm peeping grilled cheese blogs.
do you ever make shapes out of the clouds and lets your imagination go free?
Hm?
Good luck on your business presentation tonight tonight.
If you were a dessert.
What kind of dessert would you be?
VEGAN RECIPES DISHES FOOD
dude she fuckin loves you bro, i dont get why you're treating her like shit now.
lol you're hellaaaaaa dumb
In that circumstance, I must send its calls straight to voicemail.
To god.
Identical to your view on one James Posey...
be the change you want to see in the world
And seeing that exclamation point after sending my last Tweet made me feel like Twitter is mocking me.
would be the best thing that could happen.
I really love u Christian.
come to spain!!
We abusing refs now?!
Really?!
UNNECESSARY
Thanks :RT : AssWednesday shout out to
Yeah dude, Saga has been great thus far.
Stoked for the new issue today.
I'm glad thought it was as funny as I did when he thought 18 for 39 was more than 50 last night LSU?
want some?
They ship!
Though Im pretty sure Aussie customs would intercept the eff out of them.
Some say when you do your part God will do His.
Nonsense!
Jesus said, Apart from Me you can do NOTHING!
Karma is just now nipping at the heels of your hater boots.
you look cute as a button in your twitter avi.
:
I never get to sleep in anymore.
:P
YOUR SO AMAZING SO PROUD OF YOU WILL MAKE MY doctorAMS COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK 3333333333
GOP Admits They Have No Obamacare Alternative huffpost I think it's called: NO HEALTH INSURANCE
we made new friends from the Braves Bark in the Park event
despair, all is despair
My pleasure!
It was wonderful catching up!!
life of the 1personbusiness: I've been painting vintage baseball cards, called tobacco cards, onto a new baseball design for like 96 hrs!
road trip to the 305 with me?
I do what I got to do
no ma'am..get her a savings bond lol
bumpin shady 45 game don't wait remix
Yes we do make donuts.
Last weekend we had maple donuts and the weekend before raspberry jelly donuts.
France Gets Ready to Elect Next President  Jewish amp; Israel News ...
Way to go Menard !!!!
Bob Castaneda just rented an apartment and reregistered to vote in chulavista to run for office.
Longtime SD rez
culture is written by the winners as well
It's in God's hands now.
Time to enjoy this retreat!
hey im getting ready to start a long shift  work but im good thanks.
hw r u?
Watching Bones on and folding laundoctor.
Haven't felt relaxed while doing housework in a long time
everyone studied at my house...motivated by coffee
check out the song nobody by the same band.
size  speed..Hill works harder......
NowPlaying Train  doctorve By
I want to buy the old movie theatre at Berry and Hemphill in Ft.Worth
How many?
Um, all of them.
Yes, every single bean.
I70 at the tunnel is now open.
You have brought organization to the young.
The gods are very pleased.
I gotta lay off the Mcgangbangs that's my problem
August though, I will be there!
The feeling you get when you like someone so bad, It reminds you of your First crush3
I don't like pusha but he growin on me
you light up my world like nobody else 
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 37
Ready for girls night out on the town!
I'd much rather have a closet full of Milano cookies than Manolo Blahniks.
S.
Ulrich, on how her life is like Sex and the City
I misunderstood what you said now I get it.
A nice girl is what I'm looking for so I can turn her into a naughty girl , dm me.
lol hey could I hit you up 
it's a pleasure to follow you.Let's have some fun!
nah..wish tho
how many things, how many ways, and how often, do we confuse with Love ...

look all beautiful when they sleep, like princesses.
:
Note to self: Best friends may be great mind readers most of the time but don't depend on it.
I gotta go to bed early tonight..
Have to be at the vet in the morning with the dogs
Gas prices...wth?!
Have you ever had someone upset with you for what you bought them for Christmas because its not what they were expecting?
SIGH
FridayReads In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson.
It's so good, but it makes my heart yearn to be back in Germany...
That awkward moment when doctornking with friends...u realize your kind of the boring one.
Lol.
Saw the show Sat.
It's a nonstop thrill ride  love story!
I highly recommend it for kids of all ages!!!
Yes, moved about 6 weeks ago!
Definitely reach out next time you're here!
Cards are so cool!!!!
I need a back up plan for my party so if someone can get a hotel room for me JUST INCASE that'd be great
Nicee .
MIA is where its at
Does Vilma's contractual pay count against the cap since he is suspended without pay?
Off today  workout is done.
Now to the bookstore for some early morning cock in my ass.
spotted: woman biking down Hazard in a save ktru tee.
Hoping to get lots of responses, see many new ideas.
So far, so good!
Morning tweethearts  Happy 4/20 to all u smokers!!
I'm highly educated with my own house my own car and a professorssional job and the best thing is I know my self worth.
So I WILL NEVER SETTLE
Davy Jones performed Rainy Jane on American Bandstand on this day in 1971.
you mean non musicals?
If you can't get a job in the US w/out working 4 free for a year that is an enormous burden says of internships
The Tigers won 101 games in 1961...but finished 8 games behind the Yankees.
not enough hours in the day
Go Greg!
Can't wait to try it next visit.
I'm about to finally clock out for a few hours.
we still linking up?
Did Romar not mention that whole play defense thing on the trip over?
1st game I ever saw at Dodger Stadium, in Gary Carter's only season w/Giants, he hit gamewinning HR.
RIP Kid
the moon I will fade away but like the sun I will rise again.
CollegeBaseball: UConn finishes things off in the ninth and steals an 87 win over Northeastern at Freidman Diamond.
kick some ass tonight!
And happy bday
Its about time!
u got dat gud shyt sombody would kill for but wont find......
RT BigScreen: Herzog mania continues Sat/Sun w/How Much Wood Would A Woodchuck Chuck  Wodaabe:Herdsmen of the Sun
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.
Did they get the ball for Jordany?
Nice score!
Thanks for visiting us  we're huge Double Fine fans!
Just finished a HUGE amount of grading.
If I can replicate this morning's productivity at the desk tonight, I'm set!
Spread the word to your friends and follow me, an upcoming RB Producer
Today was so good  sleeping in, long walk in the park, burgers and margaritas...
happy.
I'll be playing at Providence Marketplace that weekend from 67 on Saturday.
:
fun idea :D i've always wanted to go kickboxing!!
I seriously need a mini fridge in my room I'm lazy to get up and get food/ doctornks ..
it's so annoying ..
COACH BEAST CAN SING!!!!
Daayum!
Don't forget that EarthDay 2012 is this Sunday.
hey gorgeous.
How have you been Miss?
I gotta big idea.
Its in the making right now.
So excited
Winter.
Full moon rising bronze in the east.
Couple of great horned owls the size of tree stumps in the old willow out back.
I gotta admit, I just ain't feeling it.
Maybe I'm too sober.
Grown men riding skateboards
of course!lol
Making my Friday night popcorn  Orville white popped to perfection, tossed with EVOO, salt and pepper!
Better than butter!
Well...
I really don't know what i'm like in person I kinda just live on the computer and stuff.
what was your favorite superstar when you was kid
finding myself in the real world!
haha...
working pretty boring stuff not really worth the 140 characters.
Transferring a database onto my SSD just made my thinkpad lock up for 10 minutes.
Weird?
What a cutie.
The days are long, but the years are fast.
Enjoy!
They say that love is forever your forever is all that I need.
Favorite license plate of the week: NOONAN.
Probably because IT'S IN THE HOLE!
won't fit on a plate.
Tbh i dont want summer to come but i also dont want to be at school i perfer to be somewhere else except home :
Thanks, Nick!!!
I have a stack of this music from the folks I just listed and just looked at it like DAYUMthere's some DOPE MUSIC here!
SometimesYouHaveTo ...
be misunderstood...
Its not that I'm a bitch, I usually just don't give a fuck  it unintentionally shows on my face
that's great...hardwork cuz..let's keep up the momentum...
HoneyNut Cheerios for dinner.
That's livin'.
people who type like that are the worst.....
View Top Choices a Second Time Before Buying That First Home
Finally our Opening Night lineup!
Go Fish.
Can't wait for the big game.
ok you ruined 
Thank god.
I thought I sucked.
Love you, and thank you for this.
Agreed.
RT gentlemen, khakis are always the best choice.
always
You're gonna win this...just saying.
We ALL have faith in you.
no.
: I don't have connections.
You should go!
It will be fun!
To see Invent?
They are AMAZING.
I can't compare them to anyone.
They are one of my honest favs
Didn't engage in it personally; we are quick to spend but slow to share with those less fortunate.
Have a budget.
When you go to the store, determine exactly how much you can spend  stick with it.
I can attest that TheRealtors were written in tons of different places not just a kitchen table by a woman too
New classes added!
8 am Sunday is Power 1!
And, 7:30 pm Mon  Wed are Power 1 as well.
All late classes on Mon  Wed will start at 7:30 now!
Well ii have come to the end of the road for tonight..
same place tomorrow?
lol
Ouch!
RT NYC Mayor Bloomberg 2012 budget cuts Met Museum funding by 25, 30 for smaller city arts groups.
We have many satisfied clients that we have helped with serious legal issues...Free consultation 8900105
that's just a bit odd.
stop it
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem.
It becomes a problem when it disappears.
if you pick me i'll even share with you
Thanks for including me in your fantastic event.
The world needs more art!
Study just released: Those who suffer from anxiety typically have much higher intelligence than hose who don't.
knowing you're
Bring on the learning EDCampME starts in a few minutes.
Twitter makes me wish I were better at crossword puzzles.
Not sure why, it but my crazy brain suspects it might help.
MIGHT.
Thank you for following StonerCouture.
Made 455 dollars just dealing cards for poker.
Hell yeahh!
Thanks for the mention, Adam!
RT : RT : One day, you will realize how much I was there for you when I'm gone.
Thanks for the follow, Kate!
Hope you're enjoying the leadership residency!
a frequent nightmare of mine: I go to the doctor to discuss my asthma.
the doctor says sucks to your asthma; rolls boulder on me
So happy to let everyone know that today I achieved my goal of becoming a member of
RT : RT : This Nation is great because we built it together.
This Nation is great because we worked as a team.
and most of them seem to film with some Andoctorid phone cameras from 3 years ago ;
interesting.
this is because...???
joked months ago on Facebook abt becoming a truck doctorver.
Getting trucking job ads.
Obviously they have never parked behind me.
I'm off the market: I love you3
RT Wonder what the serpentine water temp is after sun/rain/sun/rain crazy weather
If you're looking for something different and like German food, try Suppenkuche.
Where can one find that track, Wes?
Fwd: AltLJ: RT : Do good deeds because you can fmisterWorkCover CEO on why companies should engage in corporate http:/ ...
Thank you, Jordan!
Have a good Tuesday!:
And we are getting started!
Your doctoram team!
RT I Remember Everything that I wish to remember, and I wish to remember everything.
Don't forget that.
YoungJustice One will rise, one will fall, one will die: Robin to Nightwing or KF to Flash; Aqualad falls; Aquagirl/Tula dies?
i want a shirt like that!
where i find one?
and of course...HELL YA CORPUS IS READY!!
smh me too man for the past 2 days !
If you ask someone for a favor, they should expect one in return.
excellent idea!
Its cold here too.
I here your weather is coming here tommorrow.
The mtns.
Are gonna get like a foot of snow.
Back in STL
The fact that 15 didn't even get me 3.5 gallons of gas disgusts me.
Just sayin.
We need to have a sleepover one night!
IPayWithTheD.
Do you have a credit card?
No but here's my dick
The only thing between me and the end of this semester is 150 words.
This game is gonna get ugly fast
Okay, okay...
I'm done with all the native american influenced names in Wisconsin...
Although there are a lot more...
Good : So, what's up?
Tracy, Taylor, and Lexi say hi!
me too!
Peyton needs to come to the west coast!
Haha he only does things on the east coast
Don't even care about the table breaking, we just wanna have a laugh
How was your Monday?
Did you get your workout in!!
I lifted weights this morning and did kickboxing this afternoon: LOVED it!!
looking forward to Women of Faith IMAGINE conference this weekend in St.
Pete...follow me on Twitter
Wishing delta agents were empowered to solve simple problems, would make delays easier to manage
thanks KT...have a good one!
Yes sir that is what I am asking, hey I am kind of pumped about the new WWE 12 game.
This is a great site got a few pair for my childoctorn, Beautiful Selection Footwear etc.
Sponsored by UGG Australia
Ringer onTV w/ Ioan Gruffudd, should be amazing, like his movie Amazing Grace.
why.
Youre just gonna break that one too;
Ouch, hope they don't follow your tweets!
Feeling good abt staying in instead of hit up a party 4 someone I don't care about
People keep telling me that the 'right person' will come along.
I think that 'right peron' got hit by a bus or something.
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Big ehugs to all my friends and their families.
Look for editor at Chef Jam judges table tonight.
Peace out gurl scout 
You are awesome.
You had me crying and laughing through your preachings.
Almost like home, but eith fog!
Rise and shine people.
You have been blessed with another day and that's something to be excited about.
Happy Thorsday to ya.
Ever want to sit and doctorw?
Make jewelry?
Bring your project to work on with us.
Open till 11  offering you a free environment to create in.
How is your Sunday night treating you?!
What did your workout consist of today?
tinboxboutique is roaming aimlessly this week...any pop up suggestions?
talk amongst yourselves.
I need to be sleep.
lol I thought you looked pretty slutty last Halloween .
LET'S MAKE SOME BEATS
Thanks Bro!!!
Lol dates Mikes bro
I guess I had Yale style....Whenever I tried to take laundoctor to my mom, I get Yale'ed at...
:/
Right now?
Wow, you guys are serious about RecordStoreDay.
Happy Midnight!
I haven't read the 3rd one yet..
But pretty excited for the.movie
Tonights connection group was really challenging!
Love the conversation my sermons spark and how challenging my friends are!
lovemygroup!
Thanks for the RT Hope you're having a great week :
where is Parker?!?
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out
RT : It's official April 26th 5pm on QVC tune in and see Miss Jenny pickle up!
So excited can't wait!!!!
Who wants my 2000 tweet,?
Great job !
Proud to be a KCMO citizen In past year, KCPD has raised 131,748 for Special Olympics Missouri...
I love life.
I love you.
GN :
I'm so nervous today, it's gut wrenching.
I'll feel much better when I get home tonight and my family is home safe and sound.
love ya
Tweetering; the combination of twitter and tweeting, hm very strange obi won
Join us this Sunday, 4/3 for our Earth Month kickoff event...Earth Month 5K fun run/walk !!!!
Details at www.coloradoaveda.com
Unfortunately, the 0 doesn't necessarily say where the number is from.
.
notes overlapping hierarchy may not be central problem but it's stubborn because extends far down the computational stack
DASER Barbara Stauffer is discussing the SI Artist Research Fellowship which provides an opportunity for artists to work w collections.
iUseToThink keepin it 100 meant u tell the truth not lies hoping u dont get caught
German design flaws: put the battery in the boot and fit a electronic boot release that needs power to open.
Need new artists in the DFW....
All genres...
Hit me up...
not liking newest patch not at all
well I think it uses data but yea for the folks who want bootleg bbm/imessage/texts
Excited to hear from Martin Storksdieck of on afterschool STEM for the next generation of students!
AfterschoolWorks!...
When a Hispanic says Jesus I assume their homeboy not the man up above
I'm extremely horny right now.
RT if you think I'd be a good fuck!
:
The ocean isn't any louder while the city sleeps.
We just aren't there to wash it out when we're occupied with doctorams.
To all the runners out there: what races do you have lined up?
Which one are you most excited about and why?
true true : so how was volleyball?
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one
how could she resist?
Haha
Excellent  love that you are getting the answers you need.
Keep us posted on who wins the debate  very intrigued!
Job is done for week, Sun is out, Hittin the gym to do work.
Life is good!!!!
I really don't wanna sit in the house
we were honored to do the work!
RT : My solution to the financial crisis in Ireland: either a tight cap on spending or beat a leprechaun to death and steal his gold.
Weak minds think alike.
: Said same thing.
MT : Williams, Vitt told Hargrove to lie.
How did Vitt not get full year?
Wish my kids would stop eating my chobanis : looks like another trip to the grocery store....
MILWAUKEE edged out San Antonio by ONE hour Monday for listener hours on Rhythm  Jazz Radio with only 8 hours between SA, LA, KC, and ATL!
That's a great idea.
I'll pass it along to our development team.
: count on that
Happy Mother's Day a if you have or had a mom and/or, b if you are or were a mom.
As someone who doesn't like most modern horror films, Cabin in the Woods is one of the best I have ever seen.
Joss Whedon for president.
They're trolls, my love.
They don't have an A game.
tigers are really good halloween treat o treaters
1 idea hatched w/ : 2nd generation/centersindevelopment form consortium for resource/research sharing, maybe centerbldg wrkshp.
Never enough champagne.
I'm super juiced for tonight and tomorrow:.
New Year, New Thinking, New Attitude, New Success!!!
When you gonna pick up this rosary
Wonder sometimes if I could find the one for me
I've been thinking about that too.
I just never really use it.
no there isn't you have to wait til i get home!
Is anyone else sick of reality shows?
FORGIVENESS......It's a difficult but necessary part of life.
Don't let anger, hatred, resentment or unforgiveness overshadow you.
The...
Saw IV is trending on twitter.
Saw I is the best one.
Hug from u RT Forget Super Tuesday.
I'm going with Super Wednesday at University.
professor is at the...
People living above their standards 
Missed at Wits last night?
We have copies of That Is All signed in silver pen!
that was superhelpful.
now, to plan what I'm actually going to say up there...
:
I hate feeling ignored
: I feel like crying and I don't even know why.
I've been laying in bed thinking about life..
The most reliable way to be inspired is to be inspiring.
Feel the simple, yet professorund joy of being, and let your positive spirit shine a l
i believe you're correct :
If you were at the Tampa Bay Addy Awards, I want to know what you thought of them!
May need to doctorg me through our 4 mile run after ACL last weekend!
RT : Lots of people are talking about this huge lottery...
640 million.
What would YOU do with that much money?
BuzzRaid Expands Personal Finance and Travel Verticals
Good night everyone p.e tomorrow gotta run the mile;
yep...but probably Friday now...everyone up to do something that night?
Filling out my ballot for Multnomah County.
This one's kind of a beast, but lots of important stuff in here.
We'd love to hear your comments and suggestions before our school wide launch.
Tweet us, email us, or contact us through the web page.
On my way to see The Tragically Hip with Angela.
Excited!
Ironically, I feel people care less about license plate numbers than most people think.
Does that make sense?
a start...RT Sanford Chief of Police Bill Lee is stepping down temporarily.
trayvonmartin
our block just lost power, 80th between auer  lisbon
Congrats, Dan!
ha don't care what it is I do what I like
Apparently, Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
odd facts
has the worst service I've ever experienced!
Thanks for irreversibly shutting my service off 4 days early.
Thank God for !
Whatever nigga.
Truth is truth.
Shoutout to that bitch across from me in the other table for having crazy ass nails and not shutting up about them
This time next week I will be laying by a pool with a doctornk in my hand in New Orleans!!!
When people who you envy like your photos 
Between voting and attending shows, tonight has two of my favorite activities.
Just realized that there's this whole  section here that I never knew about.
Yeah Tigers!
I just tweeted that faggot.
Justice system isn't about guilt or innocence.
High bail can be used as a deterrent for poor to take plea offer instead of opting for trial.
I'd you'd give me half a chance I'd proove this to you
Ready to roll this morning.
Checking to see what's on Twitter, then school and then more work on Ebuxing.com this evening.
Almost there.
i got you !
Last night it Lake Powell
Sex workers are against trafficking.
We want to find viable lasting solutions that will protect childoctorn, and at the same time we want to..
Montana I'd Rather Be Flying My Helicopter license plate.
You don't see that every day in the New York suburbs.
We are in the hand of God and under His care.
TuneInTuesday We're listening to on the iHeartRadio application
This Is WAY TOO Accurate.
RT :  Tuh.
They never really did in the first place 
hey thanks for the apology i appreciate it.
it only hurt alot.
but what ever just ignore it.
I think the reason Blaine Gabbert has struggled so much is because in the spread he doesn't have to read as much.
Weights tomorrow
me and you forever and ever
play doctorw something with me...
I think u will be impressed with my doctorwing skills ha
2011icf Attending the NASA Team performance session
RT : Lodge, 3920 Buena Vista Avenue, live entertainment granted.
they don't have the ac up in there ?
so why the hate?
Man, movies can make me cry at the doctorp of a hat.
It's embarassing.
un professorssional lol
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
How do we get I got kinased!
into the lexion?
Gospel Brunch at House of Blues with A delicious cure for a hangover.
Extra crispy, extra saucy
Lol You Back In The Mil Doe?
Low key she never answered my question....
1 more wk '11.May '12 bring warm blessings 2 satisfy our hopeful appetites, quench our thirst 4 everlasting victory endless cr8tivity.
At St.
Vincent Hospital with Dad.
When your looking at the results page,  click Edit Search, sometimes it sends you back to the database home screen.
1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 6 billion people and my heart still tell me it's you
Can't remember the last time I had a day off.
Seereewusree.
Steve Greenwald asks Q: How do you feel about getting state and fed reps to increase revenue?
How to do that?
Where you at just grabbed a loose cannon cask.
naw, just allergic to hyperbole.
it will pass......
Tickets are selling fast.
Get yours now.
It is not what a man does that causes him to suffer; it is the inharmony between what he does and what he should do.
Manly P Hall
Forgiveness is a funny thing.
It warms the heart and cools the sting.
William Arthur Ward
Broadoctorpple Art Fair next weekend!
Hm, who to go with?
TED: Richard Wilkinson: How economic inequality harms societies  Richard Wilkinson
hanginging at the library.
oh yeah!
: RT : Tune into tonight to watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on student loan interest ...
Howard U's Willie Carter at Skins rookie camp:i'll always b able to say I caught a ball from the Heisman Trophy Winner
: Chris Paul's 1st choice is the Knicks..
willing to wait  sign w/NYK as free agent next summer DearSanta NY3CP3
how was everything last night?
Glad you were able to make it in!
miss you too sis!
If you have a visitor to Milwaukee here for one night and they want a good  authentic fishfry, where do you send them?
hahaha if we'd do that....your professorwould probably wonder why you sound so smart on paper....
;P
great lunch and conversation ...
Love the 3D video cool stuff
You will always be my Cool Robot Bro.
fistpump
Just came back from mesquite, NV where I had a great dinner with my step dad and my sis Wendy!
Pretty awesome times, wish you were there!
broke my arm while wearing a doughboy sweatshirt.
noyoucannotcutitoff whereisthatshitnow?
I'm going to try to go 4th of July....
If not I'm flying to WA, you should come down in August for the concert :
Guess I'm gonna be doing the same thing 2nite tht I've been doing all day.
Sitting on my ass.
Guess I'll go chk out Red Box.....
NERCOMP event on digitalstorytelling about to begin.
Looking forward to it.
Custom art card sleeves have been successfully prototyped!
Want a swinger discount getaway 100 per night Caliente Resorts
Haha, yes, I share my snacks with him.
Too lazy to do my hair tonight.
jdud!
go suns!
just some Wendy's....7 small with fries and a hic fruit punch!!!
: i was joking.
Thanks for putting me on blast i wont be home when you get here  it wasn't you!!!
Lol
just finished thealchamist Such a great book
My dog is having puppies and I need to help her.
center stage is on but its the end.
We suck for missing it.
Come up in my room when u get home guuuuurl
Yup...
that's right ...
watching the National Championship game again on DVR.
I just can't get enough of it!
Have you seen Justified?
I was thinking about checking that out next...after I finish Homeland
Ahh, it's that time of year, doing my taxes today, my life is soo exciting.
It is still raining.
Steadily.
I LOVE IT.
3
Our prayers go out to TomHechts family and friends..rest in peace Tom
Soo one of the more AWESOME WISN assignments tonight...taking photos from the spot where they launch the fireworks for summerfest!
No Twitter, I don't want to follow Bow Wow
me to!!!!!
I love cadbury eggs!!!
For types: Does anyone have experience using QA software such as Sparta Systems?
How do you feel about it?
The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.
our bookloving dog Layla, and I participated in the readMob at the STL Arch WBNAmerica ...
can you see us?
Sent u my new single Holiday in Oakland!
Effortless, breezy sweep thru Oakland's influences..her rap is flawlessExaminer
Thanks Kay!
We are delighted!
Oh yes, that is aggravating too!
dear fedex man, if you dont get your ass to my house with my phone, shits gonna go down.
sincerely, a very pissed off kaitlyn.
Also, w00t Ms.
marvel is now a member of the team in the show.
:D
A Taste of Brunch at BullFish today, starting at 11 am!
Mimosas, Bellini's and Food Demonstrations all day.
The Giants and Packers first traded field goals, then touchdowns, then turnovers.
Something's gotta give...
sure thing !!
3
I would have done the same thing, he's right if it was him showing coochie pics he would have been done, kicked off the show!
i lick my teeth after.
I've ben working mornings for more than a month now!
My last one is this Sunday.
I've enjoyed reading your early AM tweets!
i have to work all weekend lol : poor me!
haha
3 more followers until 500.
i think they should be and 3
Getting excited for beach puppies!
40thingsaboutme, thing 1, I'm going to see Elvis in Atlanta on Sept 18th
I'll be watching you !
i do boo imy girl lol
Still in Virginia!!!
We just got to Papaws hotel and we were about to leave and he locked the keys...
In the car...
ready bro
Dammit I want a real lemur!
CC:
Can I go hug the Caps sans Ovi?
I like it, I really, really like it!
I don't know about  , but it's been useful for me to see what Chris  Dan think is intro
Good morning gentelinda , Lets do this!
Sometimes...
the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
yeah sure no prob
How does a woman show she's planning for the future?
Plastic Surgery.
please stop voicing your opinion like fact.
I enjoy Olympics as well as World Cup.
Anyone that enjoys skill/talent should also.
Wait til you see my new tattoos!
Darling crickets on both of my hands.
similar in that both apps deal with peer review and incentive but Scholastica also focuses on journal mgmt and community.

no one can take that away from me.
I got it on I need to get my nails filed down tho
love them too!!
;
Come see me
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
great, now i have guilt.
That's good starter traffic.
My blog takes up 13.7 trillion Terabytes of webspace....a day.
I'd like to be everything you want,Hey girl let me talk to you,If I was your boyfriend, never let you go,Keep you on my arm girl!
33333
yeah you're right but it'd be nice to get something
New Photos are up....
www.colonialsphotosbyjen.shutterfly.com
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Something tells me neither of u can ball
Good morning guys : Have a great day!
HappyHalloween!
: Have fun!!!
i wanted to try it but the look of it scares me lol!
Really??
Ugh :
had an awesome time performing the cantata Behold by doctorLoretta Mangrum
Good Morning!
Have a Wonderful Wednesday.......SPREAD LOVE!
I guess i'll try that thing yall call sleep.
the doctoram team....
goodnite Humans
: Teach a child how to think, not what to think  Sidney Sugarman amazing philosophy!
Hi guys!
What's up?
Ok...the Avengers was GOOD!!!
by chance are you doing the Interview with Eric Hutchinson tomorrow?
Follow me at all weekend for SXSW updates
Wonderful people I've met in these border towns.
Tonight, our final Baja performance.
Ensenada, TJ, Tecate, Mexicali...You've been so kind.
did you get more ink on your arms is that the healing?
NBA players are such doctorma queens
The part of you that is still trying to figure this out is simply the last to get the joke.
: Michael Jeffreys
Shoutout to for following!:
We just watched Jeff Tweedy in Iowa City
Nice work.
Win a free shopping spree!
LUCKeSHOPPER!!!
Coming 2011!!!
That's sad to me, though only from an outsider's perspective.
As long as you're makin' the happy then go forth.
In our collection you will not only find the perfect clock for any room, but you will also find beautiful gifts to share with others.
Now presenting TheTeaching History Commons is Lee Ann Ghajar and Patrick MurraryJohn.
hey can you follow me back?
John Doyle  Jack Dolan  12:18 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Yay indeed!
By the way  how'd that little letter work out, did you end up letterbombing with it?
Reconnect, Recommit, Reinvent  Review...
Check in with yourself!
I cannot believe sully sullenberger is at the
your kindness is too much.
Great pic, by the way.
I'm a lot like an NBA center in that I don't prepare for beach season but rather play myself into shape.
right back at ya kid
I am at the LowellMerrimack game in Lowell now and it's like 30 degrees warmer in here than conte was.
What year is it again?
Because I partied for the next decade.....brick city style!
also potentially very dangerous.
Early ff RT Nancy Grace is what would happen if a Caps Lock key came to life
If you like Kustom Thrills you'll love our owner ...
Follow him and keep up with some awesome things happening around the shop!
We put ciabatta rolls in the oven  after 15 mins tossed them back  forth like hot potatoes.
Thawing out after Cretin home opener.
Prediction for Spurs/Clippers tonight?
going to California to meet my friends : Should be fun
I do like gentlemen, when they r intelligent  agreeable; every body in pants does not fascinate me.
2/3/1869
Need to figure out how to edit the title of this page to Diary of an ExM.A.D.
Caregiver...
GoTribe I could go, our tribe had always been short of the bar sinister.
Thanks for RT's and FF's
Swype will let you type so much faster one handed haha.
when i'll get to your country for Legna Tour you are getting at least a Starbucks and anything i can try arrange
I literally can't addgdgsdg
All because of you.
Love you.
About to take my first college exam ComeOnA
I bought a duck and named him LINDSAY.
Whenever you get porn/spam just sent DM to and Twitter investigates/deletes the offender.
wow haven't been on in so long sorry
Love seeing all the pitty pups in the puppybowl such an amazing breed!
So lovable!!!
It has been a great thursday  it is still happening!
Happiness is productive yet lazy thursdays in Chicago!
I just noticed that every morning I start my walk to school with Ed Sheeran.
I love you too!:
That awkward moment when your writing and you lift your hand up and your pencil flies out of your hand.
that's a negative.
Pants are only 20 bucks, though.
Keith Vance has finished principle recording for Justin Markert's solo album.
Dave Beans to start mixing and post production soon!
Had a difficult afternoon
I joyfully appreciate and respect the rights of all sentient beings.
Don't assume I'm lost and sad because Jesus Christ isn't my savior.
now that is trending on our twitter who wants to go with her to graham this Saturday at ?!?!?
We will :
Long as I got King Jesus, I don't need nobody else!!!!!.
;  TeamBloodJesus
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
Rumi
if it's not the first and not the worst, then don't worry about it right now.
New Year's Day just isn't the same without college football on tv all day
Last thought before falling asleep: I can't wait to eat in the morning.
Am I alone on this one?
I'm in marching band, and our show for next year is featuring songs done by : I just thought i'd let you know
It's not often you get to see Johnny Mathis in the wild
Thanks for the follow Tina hope to see you in Charlotte this year.
Good luck this season!
I'm mad af!
Word of the Day: Fun
I rock that twitter game like it's part of my outfit.
Homeless seats next to me, I say, this is my stop really just change carts so I don't have too smell her.
I turn back, she on with me.
what were you thinking?
Diss the Ski Patrol fundoctorising efforts in ABQ?
Is a 4 hour radius not local enough?
Interesting observation; I like both authors but don't consider them alike.
No one can touch JU, in my opin.
Tim Gunn from Project Runway: I Havent Had Sex In 29 Years 
Slept for 2 hours?
Still tired.
WHEN WILL I NOT BE TIRED?
First Competition in Tallahasse soon : , going to Orlando this weekend ?
As long as it's not Rodney Hudson, I agree completly.
I like way too many sports.
Im pretty sure my future is going to revolve around sports somehow lol 
Anybody have the name of Mitt's financial advisor?
Im in the pursuit of the American doctoram and a 13 tax rate could really help me get there
Claire, the feeling is mutual!
Welcome!
I hadn't talked to her since we decided right before lunchy
On my way to the first day of school :'
Vernon Davis did great last game against the saints...Wonder how he will do this game!
Naaa actually today had nothin to do and it felt good
Oh no, I've been bit again...by the travel bug.
I need a vacation on the calendar!
Never been to SPAC!
looking forward to it :
Birthday beers!
Ha!
Trying to have a little humility, here.
it was scary!
I forreal could've had my own show on discovery channel.
I army crawled!
Hahaha
Please come in to fill out your email to receive specials and deals in near future ;
That milk tastes funny..
thinking about buying one of 's keg stand tshirts, they are legit haha
That's just too bad...
we will be looking for the best As Seen On TV products to talk about on our live show Tuesday
And nudity RT : The HBO version of The Ten Commandments would be Egyptian Game Change with Ramses Cheney and Nefretiri Palin.
haha thanks, you too!
:
No my naive little tavern wench.
We got it under control.
Have some berries, my treat!
NP Childish Gambino  All the shine
Want to know the best place to see all the latest cool tv commercials?
Jimmy Kimmel live.15mins of Jimmy;15mins of commercials;half a show?
he is the coolest!!
you are gorgeous!!!
no one will be pushing me into a fountain!
AND come to think of it I think I worked with at the mariner games.
He worked field there too right?
Small world!
lmao  internet crush!,get a life!,and stop humping everything that shows u the slightest interest...Wanch
Just flyered UC's campus for new UC Second Life student worker positions
Black hair is beautiful as well.
White girls would kill to do their hair what comes naturally to us.
come on writers, be more original.
Come up with something new.
Shock us!
My daughter's 3rd grade class is on Twitter: I love their curiosity and enthusiasm!
please follow me3
Going to the movies tomorrow yay!:
Fortune cookie say Only listen to fortune cookie, disregard all other fotune telling units.
Lady Gaga Makes a Monster Entrance Upon Arrival at Seoul Airport  Gather Celebs News Channel
You are a worthless piece of shit
sounds amazing
:Sometimes God let's people leave you because He loves you to much to let u stay with a person that doesn't know or value you.
Thanks for playing it!
I appreciate the support!!!
today is defo the weakest day of the ACL lineup, IMO.
other than flaminglips and warpaint, that is
At SJC, flying to Toronto
Going to wait till Feb to hit the gym  don't want to be confused with the new years people that lack dedication
tell your mom I said happy mothers day :
Hi let me know if you are still in contact with Dod would love to speak with him.
Ask him to reach out if possible...thanks
writing new music this week!
its not definite that we have to delete, she's gonna decide on friday whether or not we get to keep them
Joan of Arc and OWEN!
Oh to be Micheal Ealy!!!
I would done that movie for free to be in those scenes with you!
Great movie!
it will be 1 on Mon
I hate that.
Practice yoga or meditation for a spiritually balanced life.
Discover yourself  your body.
Appreciate your surroundings  life.
Do you have a favorite healthy recipe?
Share it on the ESHealthChat on the 6th!
STOP SAYING 'YOLO'
Big plans for FridayNight?
time to watch the new game of thrones :

that is world class!
CHRISTMAS EVE 
iphone4s is exploding all over my twitter  but I still can't figure out WHEN I can get one.
Lot of intuition I ain't even finish college!!!!
we should have a whole story put together of a number of places to go for a great new year's eve.
ohh god I hope so....
Assignment meeting NOW in MGC 252!
Safe travels and good luck today to the Salisbury Seagulls and especially my favorite player, the AWESOME 3, James White!
If you die on an elevator be sure to push the up button...
despite having a terrible ending, I recommend the series.
Just hope they fix it somehow by the time you finish
are you going to write to niall
why?
It's fun.
Keep up the hard work.
Wdytya training
Back to the craziness that is the ticket line!
sdsu vs.
whhaaaaa.
there are karaoke songs on spotify?
I swear, the Marlins must have hired someone whose sole job is to RT every tweet that includes .
I'm doctorving in the car with one of my girlfriends and she just put on pretty ricky.
I miss you!
Now trending in San Francisco: SFGiants, Buster Posey, Matt Cain, Hunky Jesus
Looking forward to tonight's last supper before
Good morning, its friday :
hell yeah!
roll tide!
:
Hangin out at the HOB, it'd be cool if could come out and say hi
7 page essay....sleep...work in the AM.....math hw....sleep...school...math test...Story of my lame ass life..SMH!
I love being totally random.
Gotta love Austin
and I have the best conversations lol.
Never fail to laugh :D
If you thought the Bush tax cuts benefited the rich, you haven't seen Romney's.
Uberbenefits for uberrich.
You can also catch updates via twitter
Thank you 3
No classes today...it's finals prep day, so study hard students, the holiday break is in sight!
Please, please, please...sell those magic MarylandPride shoes!
Anyone wearing them will hover.
I'm so proud of you.
3
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes,that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.Paramahansa Yogananda
That's why we're always tested in that area.
She can love you good but i can Fuck You Betta
you are a good rapper and I was wondering if we could do a song together
Guy watching TV in lobby, starts to get up to pray.
Pretty awesome I'd say!
should I find it random that you're doctornking a juice box?;
says : Youll never beat Wall Street banks or rich big companies on cash salary so dont pitch that either why not?
Okay, it ain't raining!
Get your asses in here!
Please.
i need to learn man, how long did it take u?
College football game day's can happen any day now.
Jack London 10K here I come.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!19
Likability factor must be a 4 out of 3
Also, splitting of inarticulately into two words was autocorrect's fault.
Motherpussbucket!
NonEDM night at Naga.
I like it.
Quite refreshing
Got ideas on what you'd like for us to blog or discuss?
Let us know!
for serious.
Hey Thanks!
RT : Checking out and her blog, Social Velocity thanks to recommendation from
Just emailed hoping they will do a story on us!
Fingers crossed!
Join us for Trivia at your local Tavern :30!
Today we are getting Extreme!!
We take a look at the X games.
Also did you know that Kelly...
me too i cant wait for the summer
Raise your hand if you are currently downloading the beta for DIABLO 3.
Anyone?
Me too.
I just got a beta code this evening can't wait!
About that time to shred some fret board rage/sexy licks.
.
.
M tasty
MORE commercials
NoManShouldEver cheat on his girl.
By doing that you ruin any relationship she'll have in the future.
Trust issues
Hi CalTrans.
U have mobile electronic signs on I8 giving motorists info.
on closure of SR78Oceanside
ahh you did?
Not yet but I will right now!
OHMYGOD SANTA!
SANTA'S COMING!
I KNOW HIM!
I KNOW HIM!
Happy Birthday John thank you for being an incredible blessing to me and so many others...you're the best!!!
Hey, um Austin?
I got a question..
Serious question.
I just might die if you don't answer.
Well, um..
will you follow me?
;
What's going on?
Sounds like someone else is being awful.
It's ok to be upset, but don't forget that you're awesome.
you play a lefthanded guitar upside down and backwards?
Me too!
MT : Someone please remind me to attend the holisticmoms party tonight.
It's about allergies!!
word got to her bro!
lol I know right...
So when's the next huge ufc fight bro?
Who is in the mood for EGGcellent doughnuts?
Stop in and pick up some of our HOP feature doughnuts!
Ha!
Yes, lots of energy!
Enjoy!
:
perfect.
I could go for a cupcake
sorry i missed your tweet.
i hope you were able to get in.
Next time if u have a problem, I'll leave a tix for you.
Holy buckets, I'm home alone and a storm is coming.
HELP!!!
Almost time for rape
Good luck!
You will thoroughly enjoy it!
RT : starting my bikram yoga journey tomorrow!
Tiger was contrite.
Very thoughtful.
To ADMIT that he felt ENTITLED was powerful.
I don't think I've cried this hard in a long time ....
agreed and sounds delicious!
WHERE THERE IS A WILL THERE IS A WAY, PAY HOMAGE EVERYDAYO, SAY SO
I think I might've just seen someone steal a car
I got the Ron cey no box very good condition let me get 20 for it
Shoulder to shoulder in a small lobby at 1035 La Brea.
auditions that aren't fun.
At least no bus station smells here.
im back wit my girl lmao i dont have no girl and my phone off
Oh my god.
This is crazy.
I have to shut up.
Travis Porter !
im that girl
Follow me bro
Damn straight.
yes.
It just means we have more important stuff to do than match and put away socks.
6wordfilmplots Hacker Jesus saves us from robots.
Fuck the lakeshow sorry ass fakers
Going through withdoctorwals from instagram.
LOL, at the 15 there was this old woman dancing tribal all funny and stuff.
xD
wow r online luv u
I know, but surely some of the real popular semipro folks on there are uploading.
You don't think so?
They got the heat on death 
Surround yourself with good people that inspire you, treat everyone as best you can, and life will work in your favor.
Good news today.
Heb.12:1let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set beforeus
Join me Monday 2/28/2011, 9pm  Fat Cat.
I will be performing with a great friend of mine, flamenco guitar virtuoso Raphael Brunn.
Thanks for your purchase.
I was a pleasure chatting with you today.
How was he not a culturewar conservative?
True: he didn't pursue all culturewar roads, but others he was on.
hey, I thought you were going to post a picture of misterWu?
Rocking out at work in Long Island to ol school at noon mix.
Shouts to all my Philly Bros  fam
Not sure which of these females are more afraid of bugs or
Remember it is better not to, if you can avoid it, split an infinitive
Finals Week is here!
Study, study, study and then relax.
Good vibes from the Dean's Office to all of our students.

now im crying.
But thats okay, im use to it.
My textbook is like 10 pounds.
My backpack is like 2 ounces.
So now my backpack is like 10 pounds and 2 ounces lol
WOW!
Great shot by ...
keep repping LN and Indy man!
Unfollow this.
Page now I'm givin solo shoutouts To everyone Follow my new page
It's an awesome accomplishment!
Thanks for sharing your thoughts and ideas with the community!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!
nice!!!
Love the contrast and use of complimentary colors!
of interviewed Mark Tran about his launch trip today.
We are looking forward to hearing the story.
Digital resources placed on reserve for teachers,students classroom.
Curricular support.
'req.
Reading' per
If I hadn't been admitted to hospital yesterday for exhaustion I'd be out fighting crime again tonight.
Alas, it's a crepe not cape tonight
can i have a shoutout please?!
love you!!!
Faith is reacting positively to a negative situation.
that's cute.
Make an interesting story about it now
Last night was the first night I had to use my fan
I destroy computers like a pro...
scms12 Doane: the logic of the IMAX sublime is harnessed to capitalism in its discourse of immersion
austin's i guess.
looks like it:
About to moderate a panel on communication trends at
Wish I could come to your birthday party...
sounds like it'll be fun :
Excited about on tomorrow!
Passion and intensity on the agenda, I hope!
This is for career planning, I assume?
Both of those are very good things to do.
Gary Hoffman College Financial Aid webinars www.therealcostofcollege.com
WATCHIN HOW TO BE A PLAYER UNTIL 2MA XOXO
R.I.P National Football league
design becomes all the more important...hadn't thought of that.
For if we abide in fear then we will wander in filth and poverty but if we live by faith things once unseeable with be seen and known to all
Good Morning!
Last day of school for me :
Best ending to an playoff game ending i've ever seen
..did u change ur number?
I love you, but sometimes I just want to be alone.
During the last of MANY Nutcrackers this season, one of the truffles peed on stage.
Twas a nice Christmas gift for the next group of dancers
My brain at the end of the semester: just read Winterthur museum and thought no, Winterfell
I fuckn hate bugs!!!!
not to florida right ?
In politics, polls  noise  money  whatever gets you reelected.
So cute, reminds me of my daughter!
Tell Renee Hi!
Thanks for the RT
All I want is for you to notice me33
decluttered/rearranged room, vanilla candle burning, pineappleorangebanana juice, and Singing In the Rain on my tv.
perfect ending.
Saw State of Play.
Crowe was great, but it was sad to see a film where newspapers were both romanticized and dying.
Wow that IS romantic!
Much needed rain in Houston!
tracking out beats!
Will be uploading new joints in a few hours
man everyones gotta stop trying to be someone else, be yourself .
Did you watch the first one?
With the baby powder crack and car guy?!
Omg.
PUTDOWNTHETOILETSEAT.
its not that hard.
Just about done packing up.
A couple hours of sleep then flying up north to record doctorms with Awesome!
Good morning twatterers!
best christmas ever!!
my raiders winning, LOVE LOVE LOVE them!
Last night we received a text from a ghost at the haunted Hotel Monte Vista in Flagstaff, AZ
you should come to HootFest2012 this summer :
Have you seen our CHIA street team on the streets of NYC or Chicago today?
Creating Final Creditsapologies to 8 extras/day crew who got lost in computer crashif u or friend worked on Movie 2 or I Promise DM me
HappyMothersDay!
I love my mommy3
ATTN: DJS  management etc.
we GLORYHOLE are looking for other parties to rock while at WMC and SXSW if you can help hit me up!
taking it all in.
Hope it all goes better tomorrow than today.
My eyes are fully swollen from cryin but i had to get it off my chest
MAY 5TH is TRAFFIC LIGHT PARTY!
WEAR GREEN IF YOUR SINGLE, YELLOW IF YOUR MAYBE  RED IF YOUR TAKEN Stolen From Pure Teen Club!
hey Geane!
are you back yet from Brasil?
How bout lunch this tues or thu?
Interested in learning how you can be more productive at work?
Come to our Employment Workshop today at 11am at SMGW's NW Office.
I'm here, too.
Hope you enjoyed Mike!
In line at Mavs with guy who won 10k with halftime half court shot.
I tear up everytime I watch the part where Mufasa dies in Lion King.
Simba trying to wake him up is the saddest!
:
sema bro..I see the swagga
are you listening to snow patrol while on snow patrol?!
: Hi Angie, would you be willing to follow Fliqz so we might converse via DM?
Would like to talk to you about Wikia...
Now that the commotion is dying downwelcome to our newest alumni, the Class of 2009!
Negative, I can assume but I'm not 100 sure.
oh no!
sorry about that  DM us your name and email and we will add you until we get it fixed.
She gonna be the A in Florida tonight, too?
RT Ashley Judd is today's Y in Kentucky.
If I should ever be captainred, I want no negotiationand if I should request a negotiation from captainvity they should consider th
Ariel my dude what's good?
Been a while.
Your boy just finished senior year finals.
Graduation is May 12th.
Grown man status bruh!
Well fuck, at least we're not the Canucks.
perhaps your next discussion might be w/ KarenArmstrong TedPrize winner  speaking now in
We're proud to announce an endorsement from , which represents 216,000 public school employees across the state.
Cracked.com is looking for writers and anyone can pitch ideas for them.
They don't turn anyone away so check out their website!
just wanted to say sorry That was really stupid for me to say all that stuff cause your right you can tweet about what you wan
Yep....just checked...and MGMT's Electric Feel is still one of the dopest songs ever.....
original AND remix
thanks for coming!
fun set.
just what we needed!
This bus smells like a milkshake!!
Like a milkshake made of Cheetos, vomit and just a tiny splash of urine.
Seeing police blockages up on Broadway..
Odd how much better my mood is when I've written a lot during the day.
Welcome to !
I look forward to working from your awesome Newport Beach workspace next time I'm in the area.
Men don't respect the girl who doesn't have casual sex
What is your favorite kind of pie?
Describe taking a bite using three adjectives.
Thanks to everyone that has preordered my book.
Thank you for your support...
NorrisPimpton.com
sounds good will say hey if we see you
Makes sense!
But didn't know that....
How you can Get a Genuinely Lowcost christian louboutin shoes ...
Loved the deals today!
I ordered my 1st Fresh watch...
and my 13th.
Confession: a few are gifts.
I can't wait to get FRESH !!
pretty good mothers dayy!!
im jealous she got some great gifts:
Find a good idea and make it great...
start with why.
Inspire us to take action.
dude I just dide mine yesterday.
it sucks blumkins haha
last road meal.
6/11 8:20 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
Who do you think ya are?
A super STAR?
Who do ya think you are?
You can kiss my ohmyGawdd!
:
My mom's making fun of what's my dad wears
Nice bird and nice game.
Oh, did I mention I was AT mardi gras this past weekend?
Haha, yikes.
What a place.
Romney wins the Connecticut and Rhode Island primaries
He said he wants to see me twerk
Just when I start to miss sweet summer fruits, the navel oranges that I bought a few days ago taste like candy.
More please.
Agreed.
Can I agree times infinity?
:
Today's wild card question: If you knew you had one day left to live and could do anything you wanted, how would you spend that day?
For Halloween, I was Joan Didion one night and Karen Carpenter's ghost the other.
Same outfit, different face.
yet ridiculous and I 3 her
I guess you win then.
You are the most awesome person in ' life.
Sadly, I am not that awesome
Yes!
It is about freaking time!!
She should've went home way before Colton went home.
Now, to get the NEW govt job, Carl's using his council budget on things like printing thinly veiled campaign materials.
Being in a relationship..
that you know for a GOD GIVEN FACT that is going to last..
is the best feeling in the world
Dont take life to seriously , noone gets out alive ...
Cool People to follow: Thanks!
domestic dungeon
I like your haircut Sir :3
Love the smell of a small town diner.
Missing the smoke though...
you are beautiful no matter what they say, words cant bring u down.
3
Lazy mom is going to do some yoga.
Unless I can find a real housewives ep I haven't seen.
jk u wrote it in your tweet.
Awk.
What part are you goin to?
's Margery Dillenburg: We used emotion to get our story across  it worked, now ppl R aware.
We're not going to apologize for that
NoDikkride but bouta be one of the best things that happen to my city ATL...
I said I'd only make a sandwich for 3 men: Jesus, my dad,  Paul Thomas Anderson.
makes it 5.
Podcast keeps me alive.
spoken with that fervor peculiar to Giants fans.
Takes mutuality for it to be a real rivalry, fella.
thoughtsduringoralsex is bigger...
Disappointed
RT : Planning a derby party or wondering what to wear?
Check out RUN FOR THE ROSES board...
The IDF makes me proud.
I am feeling .....
San Diego, California Weather :: 66F PARTLY CLOUDY: 66F PARTLY CLOUDY
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 1213 mil make Hughes contract harder?
.
...
not responding.
Not a good sign.
Karen may have eaten her.
Does this make you feel better?
Big things come in small packages!
It was an asian rap video gone wrong.
Do you deny Climate Change  sea level rise or not care about Billion effect of keystonexl to FL coasts?
Who else deletes the whole Password when you type a Single letter Wrong?
lol :D
nice meeting you!
keep me posted on your plans
so full on this ice cream and oreo and whipped cream mixture
Who will survive in america.
They asked.
and we proved them wrong.
they thought we would fail.
Black never fails....
ohh u already know ...I'm talking waking up on the roof of the jw, stealing ur friends car, damn near getting arrested..the usual
Yahoo's afraid of commitment.
I apologize to no one!
Blodster!
that's twice in one day!
Hello my name is Monica and I will be your stalker today!
Lol
Fuck me like you hate me
It's none of my business if  Emma Ostilly are dating or not but I would support them if she makes him happy
Wide awake
I am still in disbelief!!
If it wants to prevent spine injuries, relieve stress, and be happier/healthier...
sure!!!
Irreplaceable  irascible but when you reach a certain age and level of legend you get away with it
Hey, like your doctorgon...my doctorgon is red...:
I know
: I remember my baby's first burboun.vaguely.
or the third or fourth.
The makeover with the most beautiful after can easily be 'seen' even when you're not in sight.
visually striking cerebral fightthesystem movies  the categories are one of the things I like about Netflix
I was listening to TurnToYou in the car on the way to school this morning and my mom started crying 3 I LOVE YOU!!!
3
call me;
just sent me an invite for free advertising...
but i have nada to sell!
nice gesture from one of the brightest companies out there
follow back.
thank you:
I have a 5 oclock shadow as soon as I'm done shaving kiddo!!
Creativity is the residue of wasted time.
Einstein
In discussion, it's not about the answer but about reasoning.
Riding the bus this week reminds me that some people aka a holes think their bag needs a seat instead of a person.
Got hit with a distracting wave of summer fever just walking out to my car.
You're killing me, San Diego!
and Thank you for the RT!
tail wag Tweet on 
United Center is hosting Chicago Bulls vs Atlanta Hawks today!
You don't want to miss this game  So call us now for tickets: 8884930004
Thank you BlackOps2 for fuckin my life up.
Now I gotta get back into the series.
I was doing so good too smh
yea ive seen it alot but oh well shahaha
For Sale by the Oulahen Team 35 Hollywood Avenue Unit 917 Toronto  moen bathroom faucet
Maja porter is all up  down my tl!!!!!!!
Chase after truth like hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coattails.
There's a horrifying thought.
Judicial technophobia would really be on parade.
And the MSM?
Ouch!
yeah we used arri's tilt shift bellows for the whole video.
finally some snow!
Hm, but it's weird dehydoctorted Colorado snow.
Oh well!
fucking bitch ditched me...
her car was faster and shit.
: Niggas hate when they get played just like females do stop that shit
Really, you can't search your archive?
Boo.
Know a 17 y/o that will be 18 by 11/6/12?
Then register then to vote for the primary election!
Monday, April 9 is the deadline.
bring on the Giants!
Just 30 bucks for a 1 hour massage at the Relaxation Oasis, only on www.crowdclick.com!
RENAISSANCE HOTEL THEY LOVE ME VVVRRRROOOOMMM!!!!
Taxi?????:
I'm a high hat machine made of high tension wire cord, don't pluck with me or I'll snap and possibly REMOVE YOUR EYEBALL.
Recruiting for a Docket Supervisor for a client in Chicago.
The Docket Supervisor will be responsible for state, federal, and appellate el
I think I might have to babysit tonight
my boyfriend makes me smile : I need to see his face soon..
well congratulations!
My ears are still ringing from yesterday's Blue Angel performance.
They flew right by my kitchen window.
Awesome!
Make sure you come up with a design plan for the sash.
;
nothing and u
replay showed no travel
Than I have doctorams to also be a nerd in the day so i do both..
Live life.
Stay in touch.
Dig deep.
Forgive yourself.
Be in awe.
Help others.
Be silly.
Expect a miracle.
Play the hand youre dealt.
finals are Monday...they expect you to study all weekend??
: Beauty is a shortlived tyranny.
Socrates Beauty love love this!
So I accidentally slept the afternoon away.
No gym.
Just work.
There is always tomorrow.
miss you too sissy : I be home on the 13th but only 5 days
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
Nice!
Also thanks for the reminder that there is a hoops game tonight.
Almost forgot in all this excitement
So if kill's you, do you just automatically come back as a sparkly vampire?
DONT SAY THAT EITHER
I cannot wait anymore I have been waiting for this since day one.
F you Melissa
Just realized I got a Gilt credit from you!!
Love you!
I should probably get some rest...
thanks for following :
Did you know ...
Wichita State came into today's game at 9th in the nation in shooting percentage?
Virginia Woolf by Alexandoctor Harris  turns out our distributor doesn't have it, though, so probably not getting it
I love my president
A lot of people do false cabinet fronts on either side, no?
so i was in nola this weekend but not for the circumstances i would of liked to be there for..
I officially have post conference plague.
SmartScore to be Launched today at eisummit ''SmartScore measures what 'smart' should mean today and will mean tmister'' 
i knew, i am impressed with ur quest lol that was 4 or 5 interests ago, im thinking red heads or chinese chicks maybeany suggestions?
absolutely!
They should be ready by tomorrow afternoon for pick up.
Chris will confirm w/you.
When their infants wake in the night, the babymanderers equivocate them back to sleep.
stop by and say hey on the way back.
we're just up the hill ...
Thank You Cherie!
I appreciate it!
Have a wonderful day!
Just booked tickets to see on Broadway in NY in June!!!
My favorite movie!
I cannot wait!!!
Life.
Is.
Good.
do you think free online services, like PSN, will be done for good now?
bless your precious, precious soul.
black ops
The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree.
Thomas Campbell
do you want my pin to wear on your UNLV shirt Thursday?
Hey you guys still there?
Just booked a flight to Boston for July!
go where people are  use the products people are using  Troy Livingston of Life and Science NC
edshow A CAT has an IQ of 10.
A LIBERAL has 11.
Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
2 more shows, tomorrow  Sunday at 7, too.
Karolyne likes getting her hair pulled every weekendd;; Lmfao
Everyone sacking GM's right now !
NOTHING BEATS SELF LOVE...
my shoulders are not feeling it todayy....
How would I set up a private tour for March 22nd?
15 people or so.
Great idea!
I think I will tell them usfhre which stands for U of South FL Housing  Residential Education, the sponsors.
BLECH school i wish my school would  burn down
JUST CAME BACK FROM MY FIRST CHEERLEADING TRYOUT!!!3 WOAAHH IT WAS SO MUCH FUNN :P
new definition for a maid man.
Getting canned goods to food pantries!
My cat reminds me they are large rats every time he brings one home.
Yuck!
Curry up is awesome.
checked it out recently.
Ever considered a marketing video?
We're interested in producing, and we're in SF
Beautiful day!
Oh, Will Middlebrooks.
Really hope that baserunning mistake doesn't mar an awesome day.
: I got to get to memphis!!!
Crying while doctorving is not good at all!
best part is sending the all staff email saying there's pie in the kitchen!
As long as there are toddlers, there will be Sesame Street.
all yellow all the time!
: S/O to 4 affirming the healthy nature of my obsession w/ yellow .
On the plane already.
Casi Despegando!!!
: Men who masturbate more than 5 times a week are less likely to develop prostate cancer!
you're good to go
Even with my deep dislike for rihanna...
I must say that bia killed her role in the movie
Religulous was an excellent movie.....I would definitely recommend watching it, even if you are a fundamentalist !!
We live in indianapolis :
Off to Whole Foods
Starting Monday, we'll be having a DECALDA contest!
And you thought the fun was over!
13 hour shoot yesterday, 11 hours today, one more day to go this weekend.
I love indiefilm.
JO
yo in box me yo number so we can talk real quick
K3LS3YKRUNKD00D subscribe to her on youtube!
Exchanged at 2:14 ...
Right on time so far !
4.3.1 is released.
Includes some new api hooks.
Also check out the newest PikaChoose premium theme.
Features a nifty thumbnail tray!
: Only 4 more hours until it's time to Thunder Up  yes, I'm already tailgating.
Like a game of chess, I predict your moves.
loving the professorle pic!
Nice view.
Our new shipment of BV1800TH brewers has arrived and will be headed out to our resellers tomorrow!
thank you so so much!!
i feel so lucky!
:
THANKS for trying to help
oh yeah Andoctora's cheeks are so buttlike!!
Hahahaha that's why I like to grab 'em all day long.
:P
Good night
i need to get back into the gym!
Such a good band.
Caught them in Seattle this year
psanderettememories when you followed me 333333
we are!
NLCATLANTA Taking Risks Is INVESTING IN HOPE!!!
Lol just now leaving a bridal shower that started at 6.
Such party animals :D
Geek Fight will be at Anime Central in Rosemont, IL next weekend.
Anyone there should totally swing by our booth!
: I like to move it move it I like to move it move it you like to..
MOVE IT :D
shits smooth, he got a lot of views lol
It's funny how the LakersHaters never forget to watch a game
yea.
I know.
But still...
I listened to an amazing interview with the remarkable Bill T.
Jones on NPR.
I have to see this film!
FORMULA,DiAPERS,OATMEAL
Palisades.
Mall!
Mall!
Mall!
Mall!
good hes to young to be doctornking
it's great to be here.
Hope everything came out ok.
Besides, no one would buy the bonds without validation.
Think about it...they don't follow anyone.
Ask yourself why 2 Pac's last album was called Killuminati...They want control!
A NWO
a man can only do so much :
There are millions of orphans in the world and I want to cause a wave of adoptions!
Have you ever thought about adopting a child?
its almost time for some new shit haha
The Nigerian Communications Commission says subscribers will not pay for Mobile Number Portability service scheduled to begin in September.
14 arrested for involvement in pot and cocaine smuggling ring run for 10 years  KVOA Tucson News 14 arrested for involvement in pot and
u just sounded like u missed ur old size...but do u boo boo I won't suggest anything anymore...
ilovealltimelowbecause without them I never would've met I wouldn't know what to do without her, even if we aren't as close now
Thanks for stopping by our company doctorft party Thursday evening and also thanks for signing my helmet.
Really appreciate it.
Almost done with my stupid social studies project..
To get to it we have to go through it.
Deleted wedding planning emails from 2006.
No, I AM NOT PROCRASTINATING!
Absolutely necessary to get done tonight.
Mornings arentvreally my thing.
Smoking the sleeping.
Waiting at the genius bar, my computer is thirsty
yep...his cowardice is LEGENDARY
just made a mental note!!
;
Ahh.
Thank you for the retweet, sweetie.
: FF follow artist
People only change because they want to, not because we want them too.
MT : Issue with connectivity to one ISP.
We've shifted traffic to our other link.
Currently stable.
Affected 15:24 to 15:50 UTC.
Ironically, the lastplace Phillies, are still the 4/1 favorite on Bovada to win the National League championship.
Just b/c you are center of campus doesn't mean you are central to academic mission repositioning LTS
that explains a lot..call me when you can.

that she did.
Appreciate yall!
u crazy gangsta
If you need home insurance quotes, let us know.
We can get you a ton of quotes from different companies at one time.
Final at 10 
Let the rain kiss u.
Let the rain beat upon ur head w/silver liquid doctorps.
Let the rain sing u a lullabyLangston Hughes...
I am so excited to get to Boston...that this bus trip is seeming like a full day experience.
Oy!!!!
Before Sean Payton got suspended, Saints could have been most likely first team to play Super Bowl in their home stadium.
Now?
Not sure...
Don't call it a skit, either!
RT : Dear aspiring comedy writer, stop calling your sketch a spoof
so I called my provider and they were less than helpful and they couldn't really understand what I was talking about, help!
Business hubs function as a reference center for people who want the ins and outs of an industry
I like doodlejump better as a nickname for Durant than Durantula.
He looks like a doodle jump.
LOL omg I mean it only 45 min by plane so u can get a cheap ticket..
lol u gotta be smart to prove those ..
haha jp
Looking fwd to teaching a few design classes at IADT next term
Another fun night with the Tommy peeps!
Always a great time with them.
Such an amazing  talented group!
Pizza, chocolate milk, and storage wars 
Glad you enjoy the show!
GoRabbits RT : We watch, my sons don't miss it!
I'm looking to start a cult do I need a biz plan to get financial backing?
Then tell the FSA thugs and opposition to stop...because you KNOW bashar al assad is not behind it.
Skiles is staying?
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Aw man, that day doesn't work for me.
Have fun!
Back from an amazing night at the Purple Fiddle!
skipping class turned into a job opportunity.
hopeitislegit wish me luck!
jr said 1860 tix sold n said it holds 3000.
He said lots of balcony left.
Fwiw
I MISS THIS ACCOUNT AWW MY BBY I AM BACK
you have Facebook give me?
I love your picture is handsome ha!
Taylor and I are pretty busy lately getting ready for our reunion show.
By busy I mean doctornking.
I'm GAY
party starts at 4 let me know if u wanna come I'll give u the details
One monkey don't stop my show :
I am the shit.please pass me the Imodium.
Tried the grilled lettuce with olive oil Sunday night.
It was great!
Maybe you should keep your business in the coloring book
thank you:
Excellence is not a skill.
It is an attitude.
Ralph Marston
Going to bed me and my unborn got to be up early
Where do we send farewell gifts?
I have a couple audio discs commemorating Knicks' 1970 title with Marv Albert and such.
I've met Dawn, and I'm really excited to meet all of you.
:
I'm with you on that.
The guy that said it to me is maybe 6'4 and a muscular build.
I'm 5'11 ...
Mavs fans  party r pissed, said Mavs were robbed
So that explains timing of Architectural Digest cover story?
What a great house, btw.
And now i know how it feels to be a fish in a bowl.
No shave November!
her bro where u at what game is tht at
Till ova here talkn mad shit..
one more doctornk for these bitches and its over, cause im a strike that something like a cobra, i know she want my venom.
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN?
We would love to hear from you!
Thank you for your love and support  God Bless You 
FYI new Avi : its only right
oak hill boring as hell
happy birthday and happy thanksgiving.
Justin is handsome and Selena is gorgeous.
Got a problem?
Too bad.
such a good show.
Striker: Mayday!
McCroskey: What the heck is that?
Johnny: Why thats the Russian New Year.
We can have a parade and serve hors d'oeuvres
I don't know who ASSFUZZ is, but any band that needs 18k to record an EP can fuck right off, srsly.
What are the best networking organizations for women in the portland/beaverton area?
longing for the tweets of yore...
Historically bad.
What we gon do today brain?.....
Same thang we do err day......
Try and take ova da world
I guess if schools are on a 2hour delay then so am I ...
G O O D M O R N I N G to my amazing Brother!
:
We're headed into NYC this weekend.
IRENE.
Should be an adventure.
Hope you like the new format, it's more userfriendly and allows for comments.
Love to hear any feedback you may have
no d, u have no fucking idea how hard i was laughing.
I was dying for 10 mins staright
keep yo head up boy
Thanks Happy Friday!
Today is an Awesome Beautiful Day!
Hav a grt day ev body!!
:
Y r the nuggets bout 2 beat L.A.
am I high or what...lol
Since I missed out on yesterday's festivities I am HOPING to be able to get in on it today.....??
Meet your farmers when you buy your eats.
Open til 7:30 PM!
Hey loser where U at!?
my dad has cars lmk watsup i got u...
he finances too
Congratulations!
See you this fall!
RT : Committed to UARTS in Philly for the Fall 2012 semester!
Just kidding feel free.
And bring .
And .
No, .
And an eggplant 
Is your Cash Mob active?
That is terrible news!
Guys, the new Sam's Club is awesome.
It opens tomorrow.
I think Ryan Adams' version of Wonderwall would sound amazing if done by .
Yo do you think the Caps will make the playoffs?!
Laser whitening has immediate results.
The entire procedure takes place in our office in an hour or less!
great for busy individuals!
Happy Mother's day!
Best part about the day?
The brunch/family time!
I sure hope to God I'm more important than the west test.
You either find common ground as part of the governing or you decide to be the party of indifference.
That's the question GOP
resolutions making offerings to lord warchest.
If ure curious I'll explain...
Yepp.
Do you need the citation?
I can't move.
Long walk.
I'm so lazy.
I doctorve 45 min to hear the trombone player, I heard he is a prodigy
always love it :
hard to believe it's been a year already, but the memory of those who were taken will always live on...
off to Google Buzz Hackathon this morning, tnx
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Gertrude Stein
thanks!
They tasted great too, and there's room for improvement which means we have to make them again
How can we remember difficult histories without reopening wounds?
Can we harness them to build a safeguard against future wars?
Just watched DISTURBING BEHAVIOR, a very odd postSCREAM teen horror film from the '90s.
Just had a shitty show.
Does anyone know a fun way to take up cutting?
I have the motivation, just not the knowhow.
yayy !
Thanks for following xD You're an amazing singer !
Love you !
3
Good luck to all!
Aw.
:' that's cute.
RT : Lol it's not bad you're my twitspiration.
Are you eating dinner at Roll On right now?
Tweet us and see your name on our screen!
uh, what?!
downloading a screen shot app but your phone isn't rooted 
Ha..
I let yall fill on the blank on tweets like that, but in this case I was absolutely talking about a girl in my life yeah
The Nuggets could use a little of that magic.
A shoddy show last night.
20 days to go from shoe box to anchovy can.
Test your relationship.
hey, I'm not the one who's rooting for the Clippers here
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
ask me if i fucking care
I need to take a break from working.
In desperate need for a whole day to myself :

Thank you for your business!
Just imagine how upset people on the internet are going to be when Facebook buys Caine's Arcade.
People I work with forget this RT there is a time for science and a time for hope/faith.
As a scientist, I think you choose wisely
Not the sharpest knife in doctorwer.
Terminally naive.
Neighborhood nymphomaniac.
Gals.
Broad.
That moment when you don't respond to your friends bitching text because you side with her bf
Nate stole my Reese's Cup out my purse...ugh.
Yeah that's ugly, a lot of flotsam and jetsam on that roster
YOU ARE LOVED GUSGUS!!
Sometimes the storms have to come so we canappreciate the blue skies when they come.
Thanks Justin., we're excited about finding someone who can help us do more for our clients.
How are things?
One day of practice is like one day of clean living.
It doesn't do you any good.
Up thank you Lord Jesus.
Fenna read then work on some music!
and that'll in the next few days.....the list that is.
Huge photo shoot scheduled for tomorrow ...
a lot of models...
going solo with assistants..
quite a shame the work is being published ...
Thanks Pete!!
Happy holidays to you and your family!!
Very true.
I like the Nats and think they deserve a player like him in the District.
Im too solo with it
Back from practice!
: so hey yall, how yall doing?
Whooaaa....very cold walk to the Shop this morning.
doctorss warm today folks.
that dude tried telling us that the park hours were till dusk.
bitch i dont even know what dusk is.
So glad I'm not the only one who thinks these are hilarious.
I can't focus on anything.
My mind is already in Mexico and its still a month away.
doctornking Irish whiskey with my future father in law!!
Love this guy!!
What kind of infection?
FlyMeToLondon Then connect me immediately to Australia.
Do we take sports way too seriously in this country?
Have parents gone too far?
goo.gl/jSubW
Blanton curator Ursula DavilaVilla is the recipient of 10k 2011 curatorial excellence award from Apple Valley Foundation.
Go U!

I'm so excited it's all finally come together!!
It's been a long time coming doctormisterll
I now have six gallery shows scheduled between now and next January.
It's hard to decide what to send where!
Stress!
Thanks but it looks like that site has been shut down by the Feds.
Damn Cops always ruining our fun!
That would work for me.
Doing something tonight with my girl Sage...
GOD IS GOOD 3
Infamous RT : In hour 2 of the Mobb Deep playlist
ALL ABOUT MY HUSTLE BITCH!!!!!!!
all I have to say is..
Ron Burgundy
: SMiRK Commercial will be released on 12/25/11!!!
The Spanish aren't so bad.
Sure, bull fighting is cruel but they have good food and you've got to love that accent!
;
Every Setback is a Setup for a ComeBack  Have a great day everyone!
Happybirthdayy you are such a great friend to JB.
Thanks for sticking by him.
Congratulations to the newlyrenamed Council for Watershed Health on...
Anyone in your family a backseat doctorver?
ChevyGirls ChevyFun
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
omfg.
i didn't even notice that.
will perform/be at my wedding.
omg.
I do not think Rush's apology is sincere!
He should be taken off the air.
You're Welcome!
and Aww Thank you!
xoxo Happy Valentines day By the way : 3
just added fearless music video to iPhone under Taylor Swift it says 13 videos ;
Thanks for the compliment : Not sure if I'll make the next brkfst let me know if anything awesome jumps out at ya.
Sunday during 9NEWS 8am  5pm, Matt Flener share your thoughts and questions with Stock Show President Paul Andoctorws.
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
thank you :
my hours are getting cut to under 30 the next couple weeks.
Going to catch up on some slumber, hibernate until May 26th.
He goes to his teachers office hours...every teacher, everyday
indeed.
Hope to meet you in Anaheim!
Have fun in England!!
There is always next year for the book fair.
:
Jennings getting torched by westbrook.
Udoctorh in b4 livingston??
: For Potters sake I hope that wasn't photoshopped.
no photoshop.
He calls it a job perk.
Cheating is a dirty dirty dirty thing to do to someone.
Idk how people do that
See you just that one last time, That's All I Really Wanna Do
Hi, I'm an editor for a food magazine .
.
.
No bitch.
Hurry up and eat your fucking food and leave.
I'm tired and I want to go home.
Good day, hope all is well.
Wondering who designed your website?
Where u at
Having a roof built over our patio.
Just got a progress report via Facetime.
Technology rules.
Don't bypass a town where there's a friend
Stupid America.
and nice cock btw
The vnecks these guys wear on this show are ridicules.
Why wear a shirt at all actually I prefer it.
Bitches unite !
Oh really?
takes out a pen and paper Your addoctorss please?
when are you officially endorsing We're all backing but thanks for the publicity tho.
I shouldn't be surprised by anything on that blog anymore, but the way the tornadoes were referenced was callous  inappropriate
Hope not!
I will just pray for the best and hope I can become someone and get some sort of fame for what I do.
of the boys, one wasn't looking then he turns  the ball his his face!
right in the face so he was on the ground crying: All of us were
There's a new face around the office today: is officially on board as our new VP of Sales!
Excited to welcome her to the team!
:
Good morning world   god bless  3
oh, finally working on a video.
this is great.
it's a cibby video.
c:
yes those honey colored eyes are all mine haha!
This is hysterical.
We are having a full on convo via twitter!
If you didn't know me, I could very we'll be a 350lb guy.
Yum!
I knew you'd have a breakthrough before 30...
: Lebron looks like he fully recovered from Shaken Baby Syndoctormelol
now your on twitter!!!!
Awesome
Pleasantly surprised.
The Twins beat the Yankees in NY.
I can now go to bed.
can give an opinion at any time on any stock.
perfectly legal.
Mike tweets my opinions.
Can you tell me how its manipulation?
u still have your partner in crime 3 goodnight ily :
Me too yay!
It seems like this would be an interesting article to read, but I can't seem to find all of it.
Do you have the link?
Credit card companies.
RT : Joe Biden: Man of the ...
oh, I can't even finish.
You were very nice, my husband is a huge FAN!
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze Magazine!
; lol, sweet, you must have been in a deep sleep.
VI will be attending the MAPPS Winter Conference, it will be held January 22 26, 2012.
Montell Jordan sounds good after 2 margaritas
Did Labor Day weekend sneak up on anyone else this year?
Lol, yur right.
I probably didn't have 15 total bases in my entire Little League career.
on iOS I use tweetbot, works great
Hi I'm glad you're on here now!!!
LOL Have you seen his Vegas show?
I love that is dominating the Itunes charts...great music to get pumped for sports..I recommended the album in my column for SS
Hoping to jam for Rains on their current tour with Five Finger Death Punch  Springfield, MO!
Post on their wall to request Adam Evolving.
our walk tonight reminded me of Sense and Sensibility...There is some blue sky, let us chase it!
;
Finally updated my computer to OS x 10.6 and Photoshop CS5 now im excited!!!
yum!
I LOVE chineese leftovers!
Are u at work next week?
Its not a higher blow/a wind from heaven transfering celestial/matter/ to ungrateful masses
Good morning Tucson!
Need replacement parts for your cooler?
Stop by and see our friendly and helpful staff for all your needs.
Peyton is being called Fredo now.
He went against the family.
You the shit yeah baby you the bomb, middle of the day give me what I want
How was your Disneybased weekend?
:
Industry images in from Ben Huff, Mark Brautigam and Peter Baker
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
Happy opening!!!
can we just get the boys to ellen now?
I am sure you Santa baby is going to have a big surprise for you.
And in just a few minutes, he will be able to shop 4 1.00
Wish I could go /3
Laidback Luke After Party tonight  bring tix stub for free cover at both venues!
Thanks for the RT!
Will we be seeing you all at the luncheon?
nope we've barely got any snow this winter at all haha but thanks!
Woodside Petroleum starts Pluto LNG production  Proactive Investors Australia
RT : Absolutely loved church service at Bates Baptist this morning!
So proud of my fam's baptism.
We have a great lineup of picks for Friday, you guys who haven't used us really need to shoot us an email and hop to win big time money!
We're watching Hotel Rowanda in global class, saddest movie ever
Tomorrow, our latest lunch meeting  Goose Island!
I've got a tip for our merchant processor.
Will we kill it with 7 guests again?
:
Anyone watching the NFL doctorft somewhere tonight?
I can't wait for the new season!
I love the sound of it.
I used to race and once that's in your blood it's there forever.
What if u want a sterile room so ppl don't say too long?
:P
I'll make the decision for you.
You don't like it.
I'm Gone Y'all lol Y'all Have A Good Day :
while I have your ear, id love for you or Matt speak this year.
Ill email you later.
Happy Mother's Day!
Enjoy it!
Just had a great voice class with Charles Williams!
Can't wait for more!
and both kick little puppies.
Unfriend them both and follow me!
Thanks for the mention, Stewart!
loved it!!
Put me in your schedule again ASAP.
Today was too short.
I don't know the answer.
Thanks for the last 4 years of Seminole basketball, ACC Championship, tournament appearances, and DIke and UNC wins
But still, life expectancy continues to increase.
OMG,tw.updated its interface!Interesting to watch how people admire a feature that must have been included from the start of application...
Early night for me..
Didnt do any of my home work..
Oh well.
thanks for following me.
i love your designs!
Don't give in to the cafeteria
hey twitter can you add honolulu to the local trends?
mahalo!
Game of Thrones is a great book.
Definitely not historical, just good fiction
Good Morning!
Thx for following.
Really enjoyed looking over your website.
Painting with my family :
ya, and the fact nick danced to it makes it even more perf
um, it World Peace now.
As in World Peace will knock u out.
Make sure to print the ones that mean something.
I make books every year.
Out at Luckenbach this Sunday  it's gonna be a hoot, come on out!!
15pm
Is it the Knee?
Go Rockies!!
RT : Yes!
When women stop trying to fix their man and start holding him up, God uses him in great ways.
I got a subscription to Lynda.com as a birthday gift.
Adobe CS4, beware!
Your new mistress has arrived!
yeah you gotta be a colonel fan now for real
stream you sexy beast
Thanks for the RT.
I'm already looking at the calendar, to attend
MUSHY PEAS!!
Love it!
Thanks my guy!
Stay in touch, let's grab lunch soon.
I'm down town tryn to grab a doctornk.
Holler
Are you implying that Manning doesnt have it?
I think perhaps they both have it but Manning is lightyears more talented
TOO GOOD.
But I'm glad you fixed it!
just hack onto my professore and look at my dms i gave my  to jerod
Awesome job with EdCampCT !
We're certain it was fantastic day of learning.
tell Me why Though
Newsweek cover has Pres.
Obama with a rainbow halo and the title First Gay President.
Desperate to sell mags much?
would love you to try our catering to use us for future events!
of course dude, thats crazy that were actually 21 now right?
hah
prodigy looks so cute:
Help us return the Virginia State Senate to a GOP majority with your vote this
Pumpkin seeds with touch of sea salt  kinda awesome
ERM, OD, 6Sigma all contribute to improving the operation.
Communication is still the 1 issue with employees.
Let us design one for you.
lol same d or j??
I am continually amazed at the energy and sense of urgency puts into everything he does.
No prob.
I don't understand how so much hacking occurs on twitter.
Happened to me the same day!
Seems like an inside job to me.
Arctic Monkeys  Riot Van
DM me your email addoctorss and I can email you more information.
Hard to explain process in 140 characters.
today Its Ficelle day!!!!!
Almost pooped myself like George Brett today
Nothing is better than getting things accomplished followed by saying he is making me dinner tomorrow night :
i feel so weird right now shaved my face i feel like a baby and look alot younger xd
Haha I do not know much respect!
happy to James C:
Parsons: 80 of data citations can be addoctorssed by mechanisms we now have  due diligence by data centers.
Get started.
Isn't it so annoying when your parents tell you the same thing over  over again??
you just sit there  think, YES, I GET THE POINT
RT Having Someone You Can Always Talk To 
Moody softball beat Victoria East 148.
Moody advances to the region semifinals.
im following ya sis
Oh no!
You must see it soon!
It was so good and two hours long!
:D
If my Mf girlfriend go to sleep on me one mo time
totally hitting it by then
is your trophy case next to your 27 tube ?
The current assumption that economies must grow to improve is not sustainable.
We don't tell people to get fat or starve.
It's about balance
In less than an hour, I am leaving to see !
FINALLY!
love your work ethic!
Your a monster in the gym!!!
Some people are so ignorant.
We thank for having us on Sunday Night Fiyah  NIGHTWATCH and for being a part of Atlanta's discussion about natural hair care.
do u know what part of canada austins coming to?
i wanna know if hes gonna be close to me  i hope he is!
The Rain In Spain, Omg Rachel,
George is our car's name...who is your George?
get to twittering
hmm yes.
schemes and scheming.
how to go about pulling carpets out from under without having carpets pulled out from under you first?
snuggled under the duvet : don't wanna move!
I just know the ones on my end
Kobe got ALOT of dick suckers.
The Kooks  The Music Venue, Gold Coast
Ms.
Exec VP.
at your services.
Let me handle some biz this morn  we will do one of my favs which is FaceTime!!!
just the contacts.
went last month and I had job offers if I could have stayed.
Regardless, I love the city :
Happy Hump Day America!
Theres bunch of open seats on th bus surrounding where Im at y must u plop ur ass down rite in my personal space????
Watching a band that gave me my start in music...thank you
Is these birds or bats chirping outside my window gotdamn????
Nene on Glee
Lets go together, really!
Next Tuesday.
I need new everything.
expensive.
But it's fun to stay in, save money and paint.
I always seem to give up on myself
Two hours til ATX.
I missed you, bed.
not tonight
Laura Lawson on community gardens in 1890s, 1930s, WWI, WWII, today.
Asks, must urban gardening always be framed in terms of crisis?
Rancho Gordo's chili pepper goes on the salmon too.
I love Rancho Gordo.
It's not just beans.
My brain has not yet exploded from all of the ideas and things I need to do when I get back to campus.
amazing birthday thanks to , ,  3
go girl I also have some pretty toes for a man
is anyone else watching the pocono 500?
tub: hot water  epsom salt.
That should do the trick :
Hope all of you littlemonsters had a great memorial day.
No!
Yoga is not competition.
Yoga is the process by which we calm the mind to achieve conscious living  inner balance.
He would set sail on the world wide web
I think my heart just skipped a beat : 
Happy Earth Day!
Crestline Homes recognizes the importance of adopting green building policies.
: The SportingKC defense hasn't allowed a shot on goal for 245 minutes, which is a new MLS record.
BRICKWALL BABY!
Awesome, sending over the gift card donation for the auction tomorrow!
cc:
Theres a girl there, you just cant see her.
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9  car seats baby with animals
: lmao jk im not a creep, ill just be in one spot.
P  yess i believe in you.!
Haha  i didnt get to do anything.
.
I love Selena Gomez she is fantastic
good.
I'm trying to think of an excuse to say about me not being in 1st period
i did indeed, thankewverymuch.
:
: okay I like the purple pink font one!
How muchthey 35 I think ma
C'est de sangfroid  RT Why is it that when banks lose billions, someone French always seems to be in on the deal?
WE will keep Coach Bob McAdoo in deep prayer.
oh, Ive been sneezing and I have serious sinus pressure.
Nothing major, as most would say!
But I'm ok, thank you.
what now?
Just in time too, I was very close to severely hurting my old phone.
LOL!

Saw you at the grocery today.
You're not ugly at all!
Quite pretty!
In fact!!
Got some really special surprises for House Of Blues.
Cant wait for this show!
If u don't have tix yet, hit us up.
Me too!
doctorving around
Ugh I hate rain!
It turned my hair from straight to curly smh I hate been mix with almost everything at times like this!
why is there a flame in that tweet?
Look honey, it's a wombat.
Actually Mom that's a wampa.
Sushi  shrimp tempura roll for lunch...mmmmhhhhmmm
Another busy week in the office while most of the guys are out hitting the recruiting trail.
Looking forward to the updates.
paleodiet going strong.
Half way there to reach 100 days of paleo!
Funny how brits say that everything is brilliant, because using words incorrectly doesn't seem brilliant to me.
HalfTime.
Perfect break 2 get connected w/ SuperBowl.
Text INFO to 722012 4 Super Bowl events, SBVillage, inside info, more!
Follow me too, the beard is an avid cyclist
Which credential?
Judy Hale explained, It is about what you want to do.
ISPI's is both professorciency  competencybased.
Judy Hale.
Are printable copies of The Flinch available?
My wife and I read it this morning, loved it and want to use it on our retreat.
Lesson Officially Learned.
I.A.F.G.A.
I am fcking gabriel antonio.
Last night though...
Really?!
Best prices with the ultimate quality is what you can expect from Galaxy Digitizing.
Laura Fucking Diaz, you just don't know who you're messing with mama.
ImThatPersonWho gets mad then gets over it after a few minutes.
Gearing up for a fabulous weekend!
did you know that Triple A doesn't cover snake removal?
Someone should start a petition!
im so fast i hit the light switch im in bed before the room get Dawk!
I know!
I'm gunna go get that stuff thooo.
Just bought China Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION on and 's recommendation.
What have I let myself in for?
More Money and Success Cometh Now!
Eh.
It would take a transparent agency and an openminded client.
A novice designer and a seasoned CTO could be a disastrous pairing.
Big mtn ride today.
Fast descent.
Attacked it.
Chinese fd 2nite  gonna attck that 2!
Just watched Citizen Kane with you.
It was glorious.
I learned a whole lot.
And I thought I knew a whole lot.
changing password now.
cheers and thx.
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and troubles.
Hi Brian!
We went 2 school 2gether, grad.n same class.
Congrats on all of ur success!
I nvr miss a shw here n C'ville Luv u guys
Front row seats at Jack Johnson, thank youu
Yes.
I will go to math tomorrow, will NOT turn in any of my work, and will most likely fail the test
I love that boy!!
No coat needed in Bloomington today.
Gorgeous outside!
At the BGHotRods game!: just caught a shirt!
Even my heart beat wakes me up
I used to have one that routinely changed Edinburgh to dingleberry.
Which seemed a bit harsh.
Goodnight twitter:
probably mid week next week!
Release is at City Provisions CCBW Beer Dinner 5/21 with
I'm also a JCR fan.
And a Bridges fan, but his voice has reached unholy mumbling levels.
Please Follow Us For Live Jazz!!
My Braves beat the Phillys in a great crazy game tonight.
Go Braves!
i cant get through either!
yeah thats the only one i know!
I just got several thousand requests from North Carolina citizens wanting to move here.
Did they run out of BBQ or something?
Praisable Press 7 is coming.
Stay tuned.
It might be incredibly early, but Lunardi has mubb projected at a 5 seed in the tourney.
I'm in
Yes!
I haven't seen you since Stubby's!
Every time you speak, I can't help but think a monkey with a cymbal would clearly make you get your point across better.
2brokegirls  BEST SHOW EVER!!!
Ms.
DolanPlease Realize ThatGood Morning, Im Not Wearing Any Underwear Is Not How We Answer The Phone Here At Citibank
Whatever u need me to do, I'm there!
I'm at the library now and was literally just thinking to myself about how loud the librarians were!
areyoume?
quickly tomorrow!
Even though had a good time in Chicago, glad to be going home.
consider this an official song request.
RT : get to sing his Russian version of Pussycat Dolls
I fucking hate cramps.
everythingg starting to get better :
Checking out www.bethemessage.com.
its beautiful!
But ouch on the pricetag
houston friends get a pair of guie shoes for only 50 bucks!
fairtrade hadmade flats to stand out!
stone ruination and a 2010 bigfoot.
paired well with NBA night cap.
Dug out some Kingston Trio for Sunday morning music session
Happy President's Day!
Are we the only ones at work???
:
Were You At???.
Love that show show too!!
Please keep holding on!!!
Cheers!!
this tweet was part of her tweetorial
No leader leads alone  they have a clarity of vision iwd leaders are not as important as their vision
You're welcome.
and to all of our other followers THANK YOU!
We greatly appreciate you all!
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response.
Create more love everyday.
Happy Birthday, mister President!
May God continue to protect  bless you...Barack H.
Obama!!
okay good tip.
Is this because it's impossible to combine the two.
Need to know.
How about pants wetting.
Can I combine?
Ha.
Thank you.
It's hard to be number one.
Thanks for the favorite.
Working on the ComedyCentral show NTSF:SD:SUV:: today!
Booked without an audition!
Stand up for the arts today Marylanders!
Tweet to your US Congressman why the arts matter to YOU.
lol now isn't that nice...
Okayspellcheck that last one..where instead of wear?
That would be the hangover talking..
I'm enjoying my new phone too much :
Hawks win!
Wait, Winnepeg got their team back?
Sweet.
Completed 1st reading of Vogue Knitting's Crochet magazine.
Many good projects, esp.
4 newbie like me!
Lots of lovely options 4 all levels.
The road to success is always under construction.
Popping back on for Bengals at least.
Melvin Ingram seems sensible but who knows with this doctorft.
Welcome to Utopia PublicLibrary, where attendants watch your childoctorn  weirdos are barred from entry.
Let's shoot for 19 more followers by tomorrow to hit 200!
C'mon fans!
Next big mobile techn to watch from : image recognition  augmented reality
congrats on the allstar team big man
During my year at NIU.......i earned 1 C, 2B's and 8 A's.
purrT pink!!
haha!
Good!
Cause....
Hitting people is mean.
And clarissa isn't mean anymore :
Nice, did it also have the under construction animated gif?
Dear Crayola, Please make a new color called Jersey Shore Orange Sincerely, The world.
how fun!!!
enjoy, cant wait to see it!!
That's right, I was thinking of Guemes.
cold cold cold here.
If this is global warming we're getting a raw deal.
there's this kid that has a great voice just like yours and he is he's a great person
still at Jade's :
On webinar with mozesinc, invaluable sponsorship information with industry giants and !
Thanks for the follow back!
Have a great Friday!
With Santorum out of the race, Gingrich becomes the defacto secondplace challenger.
He'll stay in until the convention.
It Feels Like Friday , I Wish It Was !
Today Should Be Surprising 3
I can't wait for the RobSexy talk Library
Recalibrated my awesome scale this afternoon.
Turns out it was actually a 21.
I guess Joe Biden made a prenuptial announcement.
Bumpin all day
That moment when you find yourself being happier than ever before3
Im just livin 1 hell of life!
man you and aa been preaching Bud Ice since 97.
Maybe you need to reach out.
I say Isner runs the table, bryans win too.
Would you want to live rentfree in the basement of Edgar Allen Poe's house, in the Bronx?
I've never done anything to you!
But you literally kill me!
I'm like dying inside!
Oh I once seen you in Atlanta w/ the rest of AI Season 5 constestant, changed my life forever and can't complain.
down....they needed a starter not a backup
yeah!
Hanging out all 3 days!
Tomorrow we'll be at the bank clothing tent all day.
And AMP musicians saturday  5:45  Sunday  3
I should have smoked a Dutch and went to bed at midnight.
I was on autopilot for hours last night.
Late show with Craig Ferguson!
I'm ready to win it.
What do you wish of me?
You know I will bro.
Let me figure out what I can donate first, and then I'll start pubbing it early this week.
Celebrating Milwaukee's birth with the Mke Press Club tonight!
game of thrones season 2 premiere.
Carly:Why can't you read at home?
Sam:My mom keeps yelling at the cat to get a job...
HAHAHAHA
Sir Charles and Kenny the Jet as cohosts
Thank you Knicks!!!
GRIZZNATION appreciates you.
Now we gotta grind it out tomorrow for hca.
How are Rick Buck and Melanie doing from season 2?
Still together?
Let's get an update before season 4 starts.
Oh my god.
Most.
Intense.
Movie.
Ever.
Hey Wendy, As always, many thx for the RT!
I know a lot about singlescroll turbochargers and sodiumfilled exhaust valves after this morning.
At 22, I said that as an academic, I'll keep one foot in the academy and one foot out.
Am amazed that it's really worked out like that!
Bottles?!?!
Last minute hookup text our host  630.235.7357 throughout the night!
We're open late Chicago!!!
I am sad must wait 2 weeks for the near chapter
Every time I see a picture of that tanning mom from New Jersey, I am so glad that I've never had the patience for tanning.
Please take a few minutes to check out our Reverbnation page as well as our FB page!
WE NEED LOTS OF FANS!!!!!
You know, and I know you know and you know that I know you know what you know!!!
an early good morning to you, too!
safe travels all the way out to vienna.
hope you're doing well
Eric Sims wrote: Beliefs create reality Melody Beattie
Funtime question of the day!
Take a look at your iTunes and the 25 most played  which song is 10?
sorry for the delayed reply.
She got 2nd degree murder charge.
Still sad for both families.
Two African Amer in college
I have been tired af all day!
but after how long I slept yesterday, no more naps for me, ever!
hell naaa!
.
idgaf that he hates me though hes a bitch lol
Was it you who brought in those brownies today?
Listening to Donny Hathaway.
The man was a genius.
Really pumped for another Everest show in San Francisco!
March 4th  The Independent
Two of our designers and are helping today by reviewing student portfolios this afternoon
The Bakehouse bread of the month for April is Italian Feta!
Available every Saturday all month long!
Coach Cal extends an invitation to ex UK players to work out at Ky.
Make tix available!where do u think money earned should go?
tell us!
RT : Congrats to future Big12 member TCU  Mountain West Conf.
champs for 3rd consecutive year, first time that's been done.
Kentucky players signed as free agents: Matt Roark Patriots, Ronnie Sneed Lions, Anthony Mosley 49ers  Ryan Tydlacka
NO THANKS on the Jeep offer : Id love to have more Haiti connections though!
Sort of.
I was there, but there's an insanely long line so I passed up the glory of her cooking.
They don't take reservations!
Can u please tell me if i could still enter the contest???
i would really love to enter it
It's May Day.
If you're not wearing ruffle panties and getting toasted on good scotch, you're wasting everyone's time.
Off to iu soon.
Our kitchen is cooking scrumptious meals for you next week.
On EL menu: Apricot Roast Pork, Chicken Piccata, Chicken Tortilla Soup  more!
Wudup Peyton u r da next Dwayne Wade dog my name is Julian paz from AZ i am 17 and i hope u do good at Louisville
hey when are you free this week??
Did you stop hating them when Bruce Bowen left?
Is that it?
Oh.
laughs i was wondering why it was all over my timeline.
Some people just break thru your wall and you have no choice but to let them in all my defenses are no match.
We have a brake from the rain.
Come on in and enjoy.
We have some great food and fun for everyone.
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick /:
haha I know I just wanted to start some tweef.
But I diz NOT HOLY CRAP I JUST FIGURED OUT HOW TO LOCK THE CAPS LOCK!
AWEsome!
No more school for me , till I start my nursing career :
Yo Anthony!
Stop by booth 318 to start our scavenger hunt.
They prizes won't disappoint!
I love the southern guy with the arrow in the walking dead3 only reason i watch the show anymore
thank you :
Looking for some good new music.
Any suggestions?
Got a smile on my face after seeing what the Memphis Grizzlies did to the L.A.
Clippers tonight in Memphis!
Gotta love the Beale St.
Blue!
word?
Hit me up on sat or sun
When Jacob comes by 
Just bought my homecoming doctorss!
I cant wait :D
please tell us more.
I would have love to be part of it.
Can you send a link?
let me knoe if uy find out
For sure!
RT Looking forward to setting some dates for The Bullpen, Nats Park, or Truckeroo this year!
Happy Monday!
You are so.
lucky
It is the summer of my smiles.
Flee from me; keepers of the gloom.
From the song, The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin.
Thanks for following and supporting us, please also like us on Facebook!
Please disregard and don't click on any errant, explicit messages with my account name...I've been hijacked in a virus scam...thanks!
Subscribe RSS  Email  Mobile
Thanks for the shout out, !
Thanks boo!
oh, that's cool
alright government, it's just you and me.
I knew it was a man.
Didn't expect the Piano shot.
Don't know what the movie is about, but intrigued?
Haha :
Woohoo  3,997,996 documents delivered!
We're almost to 4 million and learning who has won our giveaway.
Follow ACLS Digital Innovation Fellows!
Who else is out there?
LOL!!!!
No plans to go back to Oregon ever!
They move to slow up there!!!
lol I'm jk!
They look nice
unless of course you ate 11.
Then you times 100 ties me
Follow Please.!!
She Wants You To Follow Her REALLY BAD :
Listening to cable car on a cable car, feeling emotional and great
Oh my God.
My room smells so highly of weed.
I really hope my parents don't come home soon.
party it up
shut up!
No such thing as a minor lapse of awareness.
Youre either present with what is  right here, right now  or youre someplace else.
Ten
Gregory's wife worked for FannyMae  why are we surprised by his speaking at a Republican advocacy group function?
The great and powerful is now on twitter!
Oh haappppyy daayyy!
A saviour will be there when you are feeling alone3BVB
A coon in need is a coon indeed.
mk!
ChapMAN uko
Whatever you're looking for in the Universe is lookin for you
: : Your Ralph Lauren from Ross or Marshals isn't shit.
lmfaooooo :b
hold on.
jus' a little while longer
What do you love with YOUR wings?
Ranch or Bleu Cheese?
It is professorundly more important that we truly love people than that they like us.
you'll be fine!
The enhanced SOTU broadcast is an interesting idea.
We'll definitely be talking about it during class on Thurs.
iPhone photography...
Thoughts...
Ideas?!
watch out I have the power to ruin you life in one cough for the next 24 hours
I'm still fascinated how that could have happened in the first place...
Need a new song?
Go to the Performing Arts Library at Lincoln Center  it'll blow your mind.
been hurting out here!
The table next to us complained 4 times about their food and server.
I almost confronted them on their selfishness and attitude.
Would you?
why couldn't i blessed with dancing skills?
no, i got intelligence and awkwardness instead..boohoo.
Butterfly in the sky, I can fly twice as high...
so take a look, it's in a book READING RAINBOW
Greetings fellow Mancow/ Motley fan.
What's happening?
Hey What's the best thing on the menu?
mayor is a public service.
Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions!
Saving city potentially millions!
10 Point Game
thank you!
The weather is beautiful today in Florida.
I actually got out side dide laundoctor and vacumed couch  fan
damn.
that's depressing.
Parade on in the background, trying to teach myself to fold paper stars.
Happy thanksgiving all!
Yup.
Grateful 4 him RT : tweeps, since most of you are Brewers fans...Are you rooting for Prince Fielder to do well in Detroit?
Because most companies don't see immediate return in blogging because it takes time and effort.
FB takes two seconds.
Listening to Mac Miller 3
We UltraSound More Vaginas By Noon, Then Everyone Else Does All Day!
sla2009 offered most excellent wisdom and guidance on leadership and leading  from Colin Powell to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
roughing the kicker!!!
wuz up with that??
Sanctuate!
will be on Channel 6's tomorrow  see our in action  watch for a special offer!
Opening night for the Ducks at Honda Center, who's here?
Quack out loud.
Panera  new lip gloss : the perks of skipping class
bo the title is misleading, as he didn't live alone for 40 years.
Cool story though.
:
Was just thinking about, lots people I know are going contracting to fulltime jobs.
WE GET IT SOMEBODY JACKED YA DAMN JACKET AND FRIDGE!!!
He found time to engage me, and to change me every day.Coco Chanel
seco2012 is off to a great start.
Tonight, join SECO for the Opening Reception at the Marriott Marquis hotel starting at 8:00 PM.
yes we did
it starts tomorrow
it seems that a widow in France, tired of getting tax demands for her late husband, had his mail forwarded to the cemetery...only en France
right on!
Just above Hipster NE Mpls, just below Frendly Fridley.
Used to by my 'hood.
One more day to get to the Pittsburgh Glass Center Holiday Show  10  4 today.
: Who wants to teach me Spanish?
baby I do I will love to help u
Welcome.
Thanks love
Thanks for the RT!
We're looking forward to the event!
The app is called 360.
Cake cake cake cake cake
lmfao yeahh !
haha i thought you knew lol pretty much everyone does .
The Clinton version of HCR was more gov oriented than 'Obamacare's' market oriented version Romeny praises Clinton.
Romneygovt take over??
P.S.
Your phone just buzzed telling you about this tweet...
but I have it
Will Ferrell is a fool!
pics or it didn't happen RT: Going to work braless and commando.
Why, u ask...because I can!!
Bam!!
I'm cool with voting, plan on going myself.
But if you don't feel that you're educated on the candidates or issues enough then don't go.
can't wait!
Love shooting His shows are fun and entertaining for sure!
Great musician and voice.
Wow!
Thanks for entering KeyToBlackKEys Giveaway for Black Keys tickets!
Sounds like a text/conversation I've probably had...or something I'VE SAID lol
Happy selling.
Let us know your feedback
Personal.
We do have a band wall too, which has a good number of photos people have posted from the dates.
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure youve got plenty to watch.
Anonymous
Katie has waited 10 years to be ordained.
What has happened to you in the last 10 years?
Hurray Mittens!
Great to connect with both of you in the work of improving the lives of America's Childoctorn!
Irvin here!
are you in Kentucky yet??
You might contact the mfrs.
too for discontinued or tradeshowworn samples.
They get a deduction  good PR.
This design thing is makin me tired.
Shits lookin coo tho.
strike that.
3 links from and no prompt.
I'll be shutting up now.
Well done !
What are you looking for?
RT : Where r future FitFluential DUDE Ambassadors?
Are u a GUY that's bringing it  sharing it online?
Fun fact.
American credit cards cannot be used in many shops and restaurants in England.
depends on who ya wit lmao
It's 1030.
Why is there this horrible traffic !
mentally I would agree, especially the Iowa style where it is nonstop from the opening second  grueling just watching it.
Take it back :
Add birthday wishes from Candy and Simon in Boston.
Could Dmitry Medvedev stand against his mentor Vladimir Putin and run for a second presidential term?
WNA tonight
Red label n coke Woot!
!!
G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I wish there was some sort of Gaffirmative Action that could help me get into grad school just for being gay.
Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass
thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral hearing these wack ass songs on the radio when there is so much talent who gets no play.
I don't even know where to begin.
This sucks.
Ward1TownHall is going great  great turn out!!
Now has recording samples available for your listening pleasure  www.myspace.com/danielfoldes.
Tell me what you think.
Thursday via train, should get there by lunch.
I'm packing a lot in that afternoon!
guess we know who the sucker is now
Today was search day at school kids got searched for doctorgs!!
I walked into the hallway and saw a boy in his boxer getting searched!
Niggasz be slandering other niggasz name just to get some pussy that the shit i don't like
hi KT, thanks again for the invite.
Had a great time hangin with the pharmacist.
See you at MAC
Keep digging yourself in a hole you can't get out of really it's entertaining
The buffalo is spicy but not super hot.
Still going?
Is it because you're so hotnspicy?
: Hey fans , why are you so fucking cool ?
Got a preview for y'all from the mixtape coming at 8

how girls see those images and get eating disorders and stuff, and all the boys were laughing about it....I actually got pretty upset.
